
    Chapter Text
    

You were holed up in your bed again with a migraine on a beautiful late summer evening, and you were more than a little annoyed about it. After waking up with it this morning, you’d spent the day padding around your house barefoot, moving to whatever room the sun wasn’t shining into and trying to summon the will to change out of your ensemble of a ratty band t-shirt and track shorts before you were due to see Maxi for your usual movie night later. You’d established a bit of a routine after Maxi had a late (in this town, read “early evening”) funeral: if he came over to your place, he chose the movie, and vice versa if you went to his. He was due over to your place this evening, and had already proposed a romcom: The Notebook, much to your surprise. you’d both seen it, of course, but you’d never seen it with each other, and that was enough for the pair of you to count as “new.” He’d suggested it when he’d brought you lunch on your break the other day, as he’d also taken to doing recently, because he apparently pulled out all the stops at being the sweetest man you’d ever met.
  “Okay, I’m down,” you’d said, unable to hold off a laugh and shaking your head when he brought it up. “But I’m going to make fun of it, I’m just warning you now.”

  “That’s fine, just don’t make fun of me if I cry,” Maxi’d retorted playfully, and you’d only laughed more, unable to help yourself at his grin. Maxi was a weird one for a plethora of reasons, but his genuine affection for sappy romcoms was possibly one of your favorites.

  However, despite trying all your usual remedies - caffeine, painkillers, CBD - it was all to no avail. You were pouting now with your head shoved into a pillow in your dim bedroom, where you’d been for a while yet. It really wasn’t fair; you’d been skipping your placebo week in your pill packet since you’d first figured out that was a thing you could do and it wouldn’t kill you - but to still have the PMS symptoms that went with it seemed more than a little cruel.

  As you were laying there feeling sorry for yourself, your phone buzzed cheerfully against the surface of your thrifted nightstand, causing the wood to rattle just the tiniest bit on its unsteady feet.

  Doing some quick math - if you’d been laying here as long as you thought you’d been laying there, plus the angle of the shadow through your curtains - you had a pretty good guess who it was from.

  <[hi there beautiful x how’re we feeling? :)]

  Yep. There he was, like clockwork. You couldn’t help but smile to yourself a little despite the throbbing in your temple, unlocking your screen - which was, not coincidentally, a photo of the two of you sticking your tongues out next to a giant headstone that bore the surname “Tongue” - to respond.

  [still shitty. xp sorry!! raincheck on the notebook? xo]>

  A moment later, your phone buzzed again, this time in a repeated pattern. You swiped to accept the call, putting him on speaker and setting the phone on the pillow next to your head. “Hey baby. How’d the viewing go?”

  “Oh, fine. Standard affair for some sweet little nana, bless her heart,” Maxi’s honeyed drawl filled your phone, and you could hear the distinctive sound of the hearse’s motor in the background. You were pretty sure Maxi was the last person in the South who used heart blessing genuinely and not to be an asshole. Not that he couldn’t be, of course - he was just usually much sneakier about it, with his Customer Service grin still perfectly plastered on his adorable face. “Had to gently explain to the grandkids that no, she wasn’t going to open her eyes anymore. Or at least, you’d hope not, with the glue I used,” he added with his characteristic half-snort half-giggle.

  “Please tell me you didn’t actually say that,” you asked, covering your eyes with your hand. Maxi was a wonder - a polite, cheerful consummate professional - but even you sometimes wished he wasn’t so honest about some of the grittier details of his work. He’d grown up around it, so all the grim realities of the mortal flesh were second nature to him, and you understood that, but still. You were still recovering from the day he’d explained just how many things needed plugged after death.

  “No, darlin’, of course not,” Maxi chuckled. “Can’t have them getting ideas with glue sticks, after all.”

  “Baby,” you said, rolling your eyes but smiling despite yourself. “Do you really wonder why the school board keeps rejecting your proposal for a field trip to the mortuary?”

  “I just think it would be informative and enlightening!” Maxi said emphatically, and you laughed. “You’ve heard me say it a million times, hon, people would be a lot better off if they were exposed to death early! It’s natural!”

  “Sure, babe, but I think first grade is a little young for that.”

  “Aw, hell, I went down to the basement the first time when I was six, and I turned out…” Maxi trailed off, and you frowned for a moment, sitting up as if you could see him. You couldn’t help but notice that he could get a little quiet sometimes, talking about when he was little. You’d heard around town when you’d first moved here (as small as it was) that his dad had been a real piece of work, but you really didn’t have much else to go on other than that. He didn’t seem to like to discuss it, unless he was answering a question you asked directly, and even then, it was still pretty light on details for someone like him.

  After a moment, he cleared his throat. “I’m just sayin’, “ he went on like nothing had happened. “Maybe if they got a glimpse of it early, they wouldn’t turn out to be thirty-somethings who took a phone call in the middle of the eulogy.”

  “Shut up,” your eyebrows rocketed up your forehead. “You have to be kidding me.” If Maxi had one pet peeve - well, besides people who stiffed waitstaff - it was people being rude at funerals. 

  “Nope!” Maxi chirped, but you could hear the fake smile in his voice. “Got right up and walked out when his phone went off at full volume during the son’s speech. Had the audacity to say that we could ‘keep going, don’t worry about it,’” he said, in what you could only assume was a scathing impression of the other man’s NorCal accent. Maxi’s own was so thick sometimes when he was annoyed that it was hard to tell when he was mocking someone. “I think it was a nephew or something. And then!” He added. “Didn’t even stay for the reception after! Or sign the guestbook! Walked right past the crying grandkids like it was nothing, talking about he had to go meet someone about a boat!”

  “Oh my god,” you rolled over on your stomach like this was hot gossip. “What a jackass.”

  “I know!” Maxi grumbled, and you had to fight a smile. Your baby was nothing if not a stickler for funeral etiquette. “I mean, I’m a perfect stranger! They don’t know me from a hole in the ground! If I can manage to express the proper sympathies for a woman I’ve only had in my basement for twenty four hours, it’s not hard! Goddamn!” He sighed long and slow, with the sound of his fingers drumming for a moment on the steering wheel, and you could tell he was reigning himself in. “Anyway, I made a note to follow up with the family later,” he said with a note of finality.  This was part of Maxi’s whole shtick, as far as you knew. He had a thing about following up with families who’d had mourners being exceptionally rude, which you’d learned since meeting him was apparently a growing epidemic. You didn’t know what following up meant, per se, but you got the vibe he made it up to them somehow. He was sweet that way. “But how are you feeling, pretty?” he asked, his voice all concern. “Any better?”

  “Ugh, no. My body still hates me,” you sighed, rolling onto your side and pressing the offending temple into a pillow. “It’s not fair.”

  “Oh, darlin’, it doesn’t hate you. It could never hate you, it loves you too much,” Maxi cooed, and you felt yourself melt a little. It had taken some getting used to, having a partner who talked about bodies like they were separate entities, but when you literally knew them inside out like he did, it just kind of happened. Now it was soothing, when it wasn’t a little weird. “It’s just a misunderstanding with your nerves, that’s all.” He paused, thinking. “Do you still want me to come over? I might know a trick or two to get around it, but if you just want alone time, that’s okay too.”

  As miserable as you felt, you missed your boyfriend who hugged like a gator in a death roll. You could tell in his question he missed you too, clearly hoping for a yes. “You can, but I’m gonna be really dull,” you warned him. “I’m just going to want to lay in the dark and listen to true crime podcasts.”

  You could hear the soft laugh on Maxi’s end - he didn’t understand why you were so attached to your murder ladies podcasts, or why it helped your brain turn off to listen to the grisly details of unsolved homicides, but he humored you nonetheless. “Fine, baby. If I have to cuddle you through more stories about cops being utterly fucking incompetent, I will.”

  “My hero,” you grinned. “Where are you, anyway?”

  A pair of headlights made their way over the wall in your darkening room. “…Your driveway,” Maxi admitted sheepishly, and you giggled. He’d never turned to go home from the church at all, he’d just driven straight here.

  “Awful presumptuous of you, Mr. Morvant,” you teased. 

  “What can I say,” Maxi teased back, and you could hear the car door close outside. “I’m an optimist.”

  “Key’s where it was last time. Get in here,” you ordered playfully, hanging up.

  Within a moment, you heard your front door open and close, and Maxi carefully placing his shoes by the mat. By the time he made it back to your room, his jacket and tie were gone as well, and he was rolling the sleeves of his dark blue shirt up to his elbows. 

  You gave him a wolf whistle just to see him turn pink around the ears. “Hey there, handsome. Come here often?”

  “Hey yourself,” Maxi mumbled shyly, easing himself down onto your bed and kissing your forehead. For a man who looked like him, you had no idea why he still wasn’t used to people pointing out the fact that he was hot. You’d think he’d know, by now, but alas. He leaned back to take you in, his hand gliding comfortingly over your shoulders. “Still feeling icky, darlin’?”

  “Mm. If you could explain to my nerves what exactly this misunderstanding is, I’d appreciate it,” you said, one eye closed. He smelled like lilies today, and you figured the family must have gone with the traditional arrangements. Just under that was the cold, clinical chemical smell of the embalming room - you weren’t totally used to it yet, but now is was almost weirdly comforting instead of off-putting. Almost.

  “…Well,” Maxi sat up again with a thoughtful expression. 

  You propped yourself up slightly, hopeful. “Well what?”

  Maxi pursed his lips, looking around your room and tapping his fingers on his knee. “The nerves on that side of your forehead are inflamed due to a hormonal trigger,” he said slowly. He wasn’t explaining this to you, as you obviously knew how this worked - hell, you’d been putting up with this for more than half your life now. He was saying it more to himself, like figuring out a word problem. “…The best thing I can think to do is overwhelm it with an entirely different stimulus, one that will hopefully trigger enough dopamine to at least cut the pain down.”

  “And that would be?” you asked, raising an eyebrow. 

  When Maxi met your eyes again, his were suddenly dark in a way that made heat flare across your cheeks. “Well, if you feel bad,” he said quietly. “Give me a chance to make you feel good, hmm?”

  Oh, right. Maxi knew he was hot. He just chose to deploy it strategically. And damn, was it effective. “Um…” you bit your lip, thinking it over. “I might be a little sensitive for some stuff right now.” As in, you weren’t sure Maxi wrecking you was something your already overwhelmed system could handle, as fun as it normally was.

  “Oh, it doesn’t have to be me specifically,” Maxi shrugged. “We just need something that works.” He tilted his head, considering, before he reached towards the lower cabinet door on your nightstand. “May I?”

  You blinked. You hadn’t really had a boyfriend before whom you were comfortable seeing your collection of vibrators  - other sex toys, sure, but in the past it just felt like most dudes would rather stick with more… mutually interactive objects. But Maxi was someone who literally never seemed phased by anything about the human body, always approaching new developments with that same casual shrug and ‘fine by me’ attitude you found so endearing. “…Sure,” you said, shrugging yourself. At least you knew you weren’t about to be judged for whatever was in there.

  Maxi slid off your bed onto his knees, opening the cabinet and checking inside. “Perfect,” he grinned, glancing at you. He was looking through the assorted shapes and sizes there like this was something he’d done numerous times, examining the contours of each with an expert eye before looking at you. “Got a favorite, sugar?”

  “…The rose gold one,” you mumbled, pointing vaguely in the direction of where you’d left it last. You didn’t know why this felt so revealing - you were an adult who knew their body, it was a totally normal thing to have these and to have a preferred one. It wasn’t like Maxi cared you had them, he was too secure for that. You paused, glancing back to him. “Wait, how’d you know where those were?”

  Maxi froze for half a second as he was examining the vibrator in question, something flickering quickly over his face for a moment before he answered. “Lucky guess,” he said casually, still looking over the toy. “If you’re going to use them, it makes sense for them to be close to your bed, no?”

  “True,” you agreed. He just seemed to have a knack for where things in your house were, even when you’d first started dating - you figured Maxi was just really intuitive that way. Working with people who spent most of the time crying probably meant you had to get pretty good at figuring things out by context, or something. 

  Experimentally, Maxi turned the toy on, flipping it through its settings before holding it against the pad of his thumb experimentally. “They say if you want to test one of these accurately, you hold it against the tip of your nose,” he said. He glanced to you with his familiar smile. “But you ever tried standing in the middle of a sex shop with a vibrator on your nose?” He raised an eyebrow. “You get some awful funny looks.”

  You giggled at this image, and Maxi’s eyes lit up at the sound of your laugh. “Do you frequent those often, Monsieur Morvant?” 

  “Baby,” Maxi purred, and he leaned towards you, kissing the tip of your nose. “I wear button-ups, I’m not buttoned up. At least,” he paused, his smile turning somewhat shy again. “…Not with the right person.”

  You felt your cheeks sear with heat so suddenly, you wondered if Maxi could feel the temperature from where he sat with his lips an inch from yours. You met his eyes, watching them shift from yours to your mouth and back again. “Damn,” you said quietly, and Maxi’s gaze snapped back to yours, suddenly concerned. “You just really make that little smile of yours work for you, huh?” You smiled, watching him turn pink again. “You get anything you want with that around here?”

  “Um. It helps sometimes,” he shrugged, bashful again before he cleared his throat. “Now,” he said, almost a whisper. “Let me take care of you, hmm?”

  You nodded, feeling your shoulders relax. “Okay,” you said, a little more breathlessly than you meant to, and Maxi laughed softly through his nose. 

  “Lie back, gorgeous,” he murmured, moving so he was sitting down by your waist towards the middle of your mattress. As you did, resting against your pillows, you shivered slightly as Maxi’s fingertips brushed your skin, hooking under the waistband of your soft shorts. “May I?”

  You nodded, biting your lip, and Maxi pulled them down your thighs in a fluid motion when you lifted your hips slightly. You couldn’t stop another shiver as his right hand ghosted over your thigh, pulling it apart from the other with a deceitfully gentle grip. 

  “Good…?” Maxi paused, glancing up at you with a slight upturn at the end like he was waiting to fill in a blank.

  “Hm? …Oh,” you smiled once you put together what it was he was asking. You’d mentioned to Maxi maybe all of once, when you were first getting to know him, that sometimes certain terms vibed with you and sometimes they didn’t, and since that single conversation, he’d made a point of checking what you wanted whenever the two of you were together. He was sweet that way, with an attention to detail that would’ve been almost spooky if he didn’t always use it for something thoughtful. “‘Girl’ is fine today.”

  “Good girl,” he said softly, his fingers tracing lines up and down your inner thigh so you’d spread farther. You felt yourself squirm slightly as he took your free thigh in his other hand, leaning between the two and surprising you when he licked a broad, hot stripe up your slit. 

  “Maxi!” you hissed hard through your teeth, flinching against your mattress at the unexpected sensation.

  “Easy, darlin’.” He glanced at you over the frames of his glasses. “This is just getting you ready, that’s all.” He rubbed your thighs with his thumbs, planting a soft kiss on your stomach. “Poor thing’s so sensitive.” You could swear you saw the smallest hint of a smile as he slid down again, his hands locking into place on your upper thighs and squeezing slightly. “Just relax, I got you.”

  You let yourself lie back against your pillows again, trying not to twitch as hard when he licked another wet stripe through you, the warmth of his tongue like the hottest part of the summer. You heard the smallest moan from him on the third lick, and when he finally came up again, you saw him lick away the slightest tinge of blood from his lower lip. “Sweet,” he said quietly, his smile with something a little… darker to it, now.

  “You fucking vampire,” you laughed self-consciously, falling back against the pillows again and covering your eyes with your arm. “Was that what you were after, weirdo?”

  Maxi chuckled, but that too was different somehow, and you glanced out from under said arm as he kissed your inner thigh and then your knee. “You know I’ll never say no to a taste of you, sugar. Now,” you heard the vibrator whirr softly to life, and you removed your arm entirely to see Maxi testing it again against the base of his hand. “I’m startin’ with this on high because we’re trying for some quicker relief, but you tell me what you need, okay?” He looked to you for eye contact, as always. Maxi was nothing in not deliberate, everywhere.

  You nodded, giving him a smile at how seriously he was taking this. “Okay.”

  “That’s my girl,” he said, his smile its usual self again. “Relax, pretty.” With a carefulness to the gesture, he pressed the vibrator carefully to your clit, watching your face.

  Your hips moved against his hand, but reliably, he held you in place, his grip like iron. Jesus, you never would’ve suspected your morbid little sweetheart could hold you down like this when you first met him, but when you considered how often he probably had to quite literally lift dead weight… and then again, how often he was asked to step in as a pall-bearer… it kind of made a weird sort of sense. “Oh fuck, right there,” you hissed again, moving your hips to get the vibrator in  the right position against your clit. 

  “Wanna show me, darlin’?” Maxi said quietly, and you reached down with your free hand, covering his and helping him position it exactly where you wanted it. You kept his hand there, pushing it down with yours to add pressure, until he laughed, leaning down to kiss your knuckles. “I got it from here.” He held the vibrator perfectly still as you moved your hand. When he was sure you were comfortable, he shifted so he could lean down next to your hips, kissing the skin there again. “God, aren’t you a sight.” You felt him press a slightly open-mouthed kiss to the stretch marks on your thighs, his tongue tracing one even as you felt your leg spasming slightly under his mouth.

  “Fuck, Maxi, I’m really close already,” you whined, the pressure causing your hips to twitch hard under his careful application. It had only been a few minutes by this point, but between your favorite toy on its highest setting, and your favorite boy being… well, himself, it was enough.

  “That’s my good girl,” he crooned, pushing down just a little more so you had to bite down hard on your lip. “Come on, gorgeous, let go for me.”

  You came with a soft cry against the force on your clit, squirming as best you could as he held you down. Even through your aftershocks, he held it there, waiting until your hand gripped his. “Let up, baby.”

  Maxi lifted it away from you, but didn’t turn it off, moving up so he could look down into your eyes. “Anything?”

  You were panting slightly, and a giggle bubbled through as you tried to catch your breath. “For some reason that’s a lot more fun when it’s not just me holding it, I don’t know why.” You paused, rubbing your temple slightly. “And… kind of?”

  “Hmm.” Maxi watched you with a thoughtful purse of his lips. “We’re probably gonna have to give it a little more than that, I think.”

  “Oh god, that’s just the worst news,” you joked, rolling your eyes. “Twist my arm, why don’t you?”

  “Sorry,” Maxi winked at you. “Didn’t bring the right rope for that.” He waited until you were laughing again before surprising you by setting the toy right back on your clit, causing you to gasp and grab his wrist.

  “Fuck!” You were suddenly aware of exactly how sensitive you were, your current symptoms plus the lingering heat of your previous orgasm combining to have you writhing hard against your mattress. “Fuck, Maxi, that’s so much—“

  “You’re okay, sweet pea,” Maxi soothed, propping himself next to you with his free hand so he could kiss your forehead. “I got you, you just ride it out for me.”

  You were whining already again, biting down into your lip so hard you thought it would bleed. Everything felt like exposed wire against a chainlink fence, your nerves sparking at their ends as the overstimulation began to set in. You were panting as the pressure continued to build, the relentless vibrations threatening to undo you again. “Maxi, baby, god…” Your hand flew up to clutch at his wrist, nearly feeling lightheaded.

  “Come on,” Maxi whispered, stretching out next to you on the mattress so he could kiss your neck, biting gently here and there and making you squirm more. “That’s my good girl, she can give me another. Let me see you come, sugar, I love to watch you when you do.”

  Your second broke over you again, and you bucked hard against the vibrator, your hips spasming at the rush of warmth that seemed to take over your whole system. You could feel your cunt positively dripping onto your sheets, your face heated from both the sensation and how vulnerable you felt. Maxi didn’t let up with the vibrator at all through the aftermath, and you felt yourself choke out a small moan of a sob, tears beginning to gather at the corner of your eyes. “Holy shit, that’s- that’s so much, I can’t—“

  “Ssh, yes you can, baby,” Maxi soothed, and one of his legs curled over your twitching thigh, pinning it against the mattress. You turned your head to look at him lying on the pillow next to you, and felt another spike of heat when you saw his expression: dark eyes seemingly fathomless, watching your expression with a mix of hunger and curiosity. He leaned towards you, capturing your lips and threatening to overwhelm you a completely different way even as you flinched away from the merciless sensation at your clit. You sobbed again when he pressed it down just a fraction more, and he only kissed you all the harder, as if trying to swallow the sound. He pulled away just long enough to pull off his glasses, now thoroughly fogged and somewhat crooked from the friction between the two of you. He dropped them off the edge of the mattress, seemingly unconcerned as he came back for more, half pulling you underneath him as he kissed you again, and all you could taste was him, somehow sweet in your mouth. 

  He let go of your lower lip after nipping it hard enough with his teeth that you gasped, and when he pulled away, there was the slightest trace of blood again. He looked at you with a raw darkness to his hunger, now, before he buried his face against your neck, biting softly at your pulse point. You reached up, one hand tangling in his now absolutely messy hair and the other gripping the fabric of his dress shirt, feeling like you were just trying to ground yourself in something before you couldn’t think anymore. This was the Maxi you knew was in there, somewhere. He only ever seemed to come out here, with you shaking and whining underneath him, but it was a part of him that felt sometimes like you were standing on the edge of a black hole. It felt like the essence of want, like he had found something sustaining after going without for ages, and there were moments you’d swear to god the man was about to devour you. You didn’t know if it was something in someone constantly surrounded by death reacting to such a visceral sign of life, but the thing that scared you about this wasn’t feeling like he could consume you - it was that you kind of wanted him to. You’d spent so long feeling like you’d had to hold everything together, keep your head above water, that the idea of someone else wanting to take you over so completely was almost… a relief. And it was hard not to feel safe with someone as vigilant, as thoughtful as Maxi; he spent so much time constantly thinking about other people, you were more than fine if he found something he needed so viciously in you. 

  But this train of thought was obliterated when Maxi bit down right on a spot he knew you liked, and between that and the vibrator becoming nearly punishing against your clit, you were gasping like you were drowning, your hand clawing so hard down the back of Maxi’s shirt you were worried you’d rip it.

  “Good,” he gasped, breaking bruising contact with your skin. “Good girl, c’mon, one more, come for me and tell me how you feel, baby.”

  “Maxi, fuck, I’m gonna break,” you sobbed, tears definitely starting to spill now. “Fuck, it’s too much, I can’t, I can’t do this—“ 

  “Yes you can,” Maxi murmured, his voice low and frantic as he kissed the tears off your cheeks. “Give it to me, gorgeous, make a mess and tell me how much you want it, fuck, you’re so pretty, I just want to keep you like this forever…”

  Maxi’s loss of coherence in your ear was just enough to send you over, his free hand reaching across you both to hold you down as your back arched sharply off your bed. “Fuck, Daddy, it’s too much, you’re gonna break me, I can’t take it anymore—“ Your words faded into a strangled cry that echoed off the walls of your room as you felt a rush of warm slick coat the tops of your thighs, your whole body shuddering hard against the white-hot sensation that eclipsed everything else.

  When you fell back to the mattress, panting and shaking, it took you a moment for your eyes to focus again, and you turned sharply to hide your face in Maxi’s shirt. Maxi lifted the vibrator away, turning it off before he set it aside to pull you against him. He was running his hand over your hair, pushing it away from your face as you fought to catch your breath and whispering praises as he kissed your bruised neck and your cheeks. “That’s my good girl, you did so well for me, you make such a beautiful wreck, baby, it’s breathtakin’…”

  You were still panting against his chest, waiting for your thighs to stop shaking but unable to bring them together because of just how sensitive your still-spasming cunt was. Maxi dutifully pulled you on top his chest now, holding you there and kissing the top of your head as he waited for you to come down. 

  “…Better?” He asked, and you could hear the smile in his voice as you finally evened out.

  “Fucking god, Maxi,” you laughed, rolling so you were fully laying on top of him. “Jesus, babe, were you trying to get me to black out? I’m pretty sure I blacked out.” You paused, thinking through what just happened and suddenly realizing exactly what you said. “…Oh fuck me, I really did black out,” you mumbled, immediately curling slightly into a ball to hide your face. “…Sorry? About that? Was that weird?”

  You timidly looked up just enough to see Maxi sitting there, looking off to the side like you’d just asked him to do advanced calculus in his head - not like it was unpleasant, but like it was going to take him a second. “I mean… no?” he said slowly, looking back to you. “I mean, really, no,” he added again quickly when you groaned, covering your face with your hands.

  “Fucking hell, I knew it would be weird, I’m sorry—“ you mumbled all in a rush, rolling off him. You wondered, briefly, if you rolled off your bed and under it if he’d just go away if you refused to ever come out again. He had to go home at some point, right? It’s not like he could cancel a viewing because the person he was dating had decided to become a bedframe hermit, after all.

  “No— Hey, come here, baby,” he laughed, reaching over to pull you back as you tried to curl into a fetal position on your mattress. “Honey, nothin’ with you is weird. It’s really not, I promise.” He moved so he was propped over you on both elbows, kissing your hands were they were hiding your face. “Come on, darlin’, come out and talk to me. It’s really okay. I’ve just- aww,” he cooed, seeing you tear up slightly with embarrassment when you at last removed your hands. “What’re you gettin’ so upset about, sweet girl, it’s fine.” He smiled, pulling you stubbornly back against him and kissing your face with obnoxious emphatic smooching sounds until you cracked and giggled, albeit shyly.

  He leaned back, taking you in with a relieved sigh. “There you are,” he said, and the way he ran his hand over your side and squeezed your hip felt like an act of seeing that filled your chest with a new kind of warmth. “As I was saying, before you tried to turn into an armadillo on me - neat trick, by the way,” he grinned, winking at you. “If it’s something you like, I’m then I’m willin’ to give it a go. I’ve just… never been called that, before, ever,” he admitted with a shrug. He paused, giving you an exaggerated suspicious expression. “Is this an age thing?”

  “No, Maxi, don’t be ridiculous,” you rolled your eyes as he chuckled. There was about a decade between the two of you, but you felt the same about so many things, it was really only noticeable when one of you made a reference that went over the other person’s head. “I…” you bit your lip, now the one feeling sheepish. “I’ve actually never used it, with anyone else. Um, before.” You shrugged, smiling a bit but still not quite able to meet his eyes. “I just… I don’t know, I feel… safe, with you?” Your hands found his chest, fiddling with the fabric of his shirt. “Like… like you mean it, when you say you want to take care of me. Not that you’d have to, obviously, I know that’s a lot. I just. I don’t… get that, um, often.” At last, finally desperate to see if any of this made sense, you met his eyes. “…Is that okay?”

  Maxi’s eyes were, again, startlingly dark, but it was his expression of such blatant need that made you inhale sharply. “Yes,” he hissed through his teeth. “Yes, darlin’, that’s absolutely okay. Jesus, is it ever okay.” He wrapped an arm around your torso and crushed you to him with another bruising, edge-of-consuming kiss, his hand tightening into a fist in the back of your ratty t-shirt. When you wound your arms around his neck as you kissed back, fitting yourself to him, you could feel his desperately hard length through the fabric of his dress pants. 

  He pulled back just a moment as you brushed your thigh purposefully against it, gasping slightly. “Sorry- I know you weren’t feeling well, you don’t have to-“ he said quickly, getting ahead of himself.

  You shook your head, sucking hard on his lower lip for a moment and shutting him up. “No, I want it,” you said softly, reaching down and cupping the bulge there just enough to make him fight back a groan. “Give it to me?” you asked, widening your eyes innocently.

  Maxi exhaled like you’d just kneed him hard in the stomach. “Baby, you can’t be lookin’ at me like that, I will lose my damn mind,” he muttered, shaking his head but nonetheless sitting up and ditching his belt as soon as he could get it unfastened. He reached for his fly, but you sat up, unbuttoning his shirt with a deft hand. You pushed it back off his shoulders, then the two of you stripped away the white tank top underneath without a second’s hesitation. He only paused to pull you against his skin, savoring the contact as he traced the tip of his nose up the side of your neck. One of his hands reached down, tentatively taking the ripped hem of your shirt. “Can I take this off you?” he whispered, studying your face. “I just wanna see you - but I understand if it’s a bad chest day, you can say no.”

  “It’s fine,” you reassured him, kissing the corner of his mouth. “They’re just sore.”

  “I’ll be careful,” Maxi promised, and he lifted your shirt off you so gently that you knew he’d keep it. He held you to him again, kissing your newly exposed clavicle, and you shivered at the contrast between his mouth and the cool air of your room. Your fingers traced absently over the scar on Maxi’s chest - it was a fairly wide, perfectly white strip of raised tissue that ran diagonally over where his heart would be beneath the muscle, and had surprised you in its intensity when you’d first seen it. He was much less shy about it now, compared to when he could barely meet your eyes the first time, and after you’d started spending the night on a regular basis, he seemed to doze off a bit quicker when you kept your palm against it as you both were falling asleep. In this moment, however, your fingertips seemed to spur him on, and he pulled his trousers and underwear off with haste before he pinned you by your shoulders against your mattress.  

  “You’re sure?” he asked again, his eyes practically onyx as he looked you over, hands shaking just enough to catch your attention as he held you there. 

  You couldn’t help but smirk, your hands reaching up to settle on top of both of his. “You’ve taken such good care of me today,” you murmured, leaning up to kiss a line up his jaw. “I want to do the same for you, babe.” You made a small noise of surprise as Maxi immediately fell to your throat again, sucking hard at the crook of your neck before moving lower, his kisses turning ghostly when he reached your breasts. You savored the affection, the kisses and kitten licks to the parts of you he knew at times caused you the greatest anxiety, but when he looked up at you again, hair falling into his eyes now, you were almost moved to gasp at how… dark, in multiple senses, his gaze was.

  “Darlin’,” he said, his voice rough in a new, unfamiliar way. “You have no idea.” 

  Before you could question this, he locked his lips on yours again, this kiss messy and warm but harsh enough that you felt the bloody nip on your lip from earlier start to bleed again, tasting it between your tongues. Maxi’s hips were against yours, his cock already dripping and needy against your thigh, and you reached between the pair of you to guide him to your entrance.

  “C’mon, Maxi,” you murmured, and that was invitation enough. His hand found one of yours, intertwining your fingers and pinning yours hard to the mattress as he slid into you in a fluid motion. This was enough to draw a gasp from both of you - normally, you needed to be eased into, something that took a few minutes of gentle assurances and coaxing, but in your current still-wrecked state, this felt effortless. 

  Maxi full-on moaned, hiding his face for a moment as you felt him flex hard inside you as you adjusted around him. “Jesus, baby,” he managed eventually, voice shaking just slightly. He tentatively moved his hips against yours, testing, and you found yourself able to take him further than you normally could at first. Encouraged, he started moving against you in earnestness now and keeping one of your hands interlocked with his. His other moved for now to grip one of the rungs of your iron bed frame, holding fast as you moved your hips against his as the two of you fell into a pattern. 

  “Good girl, that’s my baby, god, you feel fuckin’ fantastic…” He was already losing his train of thought a little bit, and you weren’t much better off, your free hand trying to find purchase on his back and ending up leaving long red marks when you felt every inch him against your still-sensitive walls. After three rounds with your favorite vibrator, you were a bit tapped on your faculties for speech, biting down into your lip as a particularly high whine came from deep in your chest when he brushed the sensitive spot inside you. It felt like your nerves were on fire again, your breath returning to short gasps as Maxi’s hips snapped hard against yours.

  He was flush against your chest and stomach, barely leaving room for you to move as you felt the stretch of every thrust. You felt him let go of your iron bed frame, his free hand moving instead now to gently place itself over your neck. You shivered at his long tapered fingers, hands that could be musical as easily as they could stitch closed a mouth, eye, or fatal wound, and you swear you saw just the slightest hint of a smile from him when you did. 

  He was watching your face again, always careful, but gave the smallest questioning squeeze. You nodded with a soft, breathless noise of assent, your hand leaving his back to cover his hand briefly to emphasize this permission. When he put the slightest pressure on your throat with his thumb and index finger, you audibly moaned, tilting your head back to give him better access. When he squeezed with his full palm, you felt your eyes roll back slightly. 

  “God, you’re so soft,” Maxi murmured, and you felt his thumb trace up and down the side of your neck. “You’re so delicate, darlin’, and you don’t even know, you have no idea how gentle I have to be with you, keep you safe…” He made a soft, frustrated noise, his thrusts sharper now as his hips started to stutter. 

  “I trust you,” you said softly, your hand finding his hair again and pulling so he fell again with a whine to the crook of your neck, seemingly his favorite place to seek shelter in you. Or rather, one of them, as you fought back another moan at a sharp thrust. “I trust you, Maxi, I feel safe with you, remember?” You turned, pressing a kiss to his now damp temple. 

  Maxi let out a soft noise, half a gasp and half a whine, and you knew he was close. “I’m gonna come, come with me, pretty,” he said, his breath warm against your skin. “You’re my good girl, you can give me one more, can’t you?”

  All these sensations were still sharp and overwhelming to your already-rocked system, and even now, the heat pooling in your cunt threatened to burn away any other feeling. “Baby, I don’t know,” you whimpered, gasping slightly as Maxi moved to better brush against the spot inside you. “Fuck, I really don’t know if I can, it’s been too much-“

  “Yes you can,” Maxi kissed from your jaw over your cheek, finally kissing the corner of your mouth and squeezing your hand and your throat both. “C’mon, sugar, come on my cock for me and let me feel you, please?” He kissed you once more, pleading. “…One more for Daddy?”

  “Maxi, fuck—!” That was it, you were gone. You came harder than you had yet around him, losing yourself in the rush of heat and slick with a strangled sob and practically yanking his hair. Your body arched hard against his torso, against the hand at your throat, and the solidness of him grounded you when it felt like your whole body was going to tear itself asunder in the overflow of feeling. 

  Maxi’s hand only left yours to catch you against him, holding you there as he pressed his forehead to yours. It was only a few more stuttering thrusts later, amidst your aftermath, that he joined you over the edge, and he gave a growling groan as his filled you with the heat of his own release, fingernails leaving marks in your skin where they rested.

  The two of you were a panting, sweaty tangle, Maxi somehow managing to kiss you breathlessly when you were still trying to come back to earth. “You angel, jesus, darlin’, you’re gorgeous, look at you, you did so well for me.” His praise was a soft, effusive coo, one hand ghosting over the marks you’d accumulated with a feather-light touch while the other held you solidly against him. “You okay, pretty?

  “Yeah,” you breathed, nodding a bit as you leaned against his shoulder, your hand finding the scar on his chest again. Beneath it, you felt his heart hammering as hard as yours, and for some reason you were comforted by this. “…Yeah,” you added again, your voce somewhat steadier. You swallowed, still feeling like you were trying to catch your breath. “Just don’t expect me to, like, remember anything important for a little while, okay?” You smiled as Maxi laughed, kissing your forehead.

  “So I shouldn’t tell you any secret recipes, or exactly how much I adore you, got it.” He winked, and you laughed this time, your arms winding around his neck so you could press your forehead to his. 

  “Jesus, dude, what is your deal?” You giggled, kissing each of the little moles that formed a cosntellation across his face. “Could you not be perfect for maybe five minutes?”

  Maxi chuckled, but there was something to it you couldn’t place. When you pulled back to try to look at him, he just moved his hand to the back of your head and leaned forward to kiss your forehead. You accepted the gesture, and even let him tuck you under his chin as he stroked your bare back in silence for a few, thoughtful moments.

  “…Maxi?” You asked finally, at last leaning back enough to break his grasp. “Still with me, handsome?”

  Maxi nodded, smiling a bit absently as he seemed to come out of some sort of thought. “Yeah. Sorry, you’re just… you’re really sweet, when you say stuff like that,” he said, and there was just the tiniest tinge of sheepishness to his voice.

  You blinked, tilting your head. “Did I make you uncomfortable? I’m sorry—“

  “No,” Maxi said quickly, holding up a hand. “Nothing to apologize for, darlin’, I just… uh.” He shrugged. “Not used to that, I guess,” he laughed nervously.

  “What, not even when you’re giving everyone’s ornery old relatives the perfect send-off?” You teased, lightly pushing against his shoulder. “You’re golden at everything you do here. I don’t see how you haven’t been snapped up way before I moved in.”

  Maxi shrugged again, running a hand through his hair to get it out of his face. “Yeah, well. Small towns,” he said, barely managing a smile. He was oddly quiet for a bit, leaning over the side of your bed so he could find where he set his glasses and put them back on.

  “…Yeah, well,” you repeated, leaning forward and taking his face in your hands. “Lucky me.” You gave him a reassuring smile, and kissed the end of his nose. 

  He sat there for a moment, looking at you with an expression that seemed… anxious, given the high you were both still riding. He hesitated a moment, adjusting his frames on his nose before he took a breath. “I just—“ he hesitated, running his tongue over his teeth as he tried to find the words. “…I don’t want to disappoint you.” His tone was serious, and it took you by surprise. “I’ve done that before - a lot,” he added, looking away for a moment. “And I… I don’t know, I… like you too much for that,” he added, the words stumbling over each other in a rush out of his mouth.

  “Maxi, baby,’ you felt your brow wrinkle in concern, still keeping your hands on his jaw. “…I know this is, um. Maybe… new? For me, anyway, in terms of its, uh. Intensity,” you said, stumbling a bit as you looked away yourself. “But,” you took a breath, meeting his eyes again. “Don’t worry about that, okay? Like, you’re still human, I know that. So am I,” you smiled, tilting your head so you could look him in the eye. “If shit happens, we’ll work it out. But I’m not worried about that, with you,” you added, your smile suddenly shy with the truth of this. “I’m really not. You’ve been one of the most reliable, thoughtful people I’ve met since I got here — and humanness aside,” you added. “I don’t think you’d ever hurt me. Not on purpose.” You shook your head slightly. “So just… be with me now, okay? We’ll figure out whatever we need to, but not before it happens.”

  Maxi looked at you through this, and there was again something in his gaze you couldn’t quite explain, but the hesitancy didn’t seem to totally leave his expression. “…Okay,” he said finally, nodding somewhat. He cleared his throat and took a breath, obviously trying to settle himself. “Okay. Yeah.” He leaned forward, kissing your forehead and then your cheek, and you still couldn’t totally decide whose anxiety he was trying to assuage. After a moment, he pulled away, his fingers drumming briefly where they rested on your thigh. “…Did you eat at all, today?” he asked at last, suddenly back to his usual self.

  You rolled your eyes somewhat, playfully. “As much as I could on this stomach, yeah.” You thought it over. “…You want to just order something in and take a whack at the Notebook?”

  Maxi laughed. “Now, darlin’, I don’t want to suffer again on my account.”

  “Nah, I’ll watch it with you,” you teased. “It’s not suffering if it’s with you. Especially not after… well,” you nodded towards your now thoroughly rumpled bedsheets, feeling your face heat up somewhat.

  “Well, if that’s all it took, you shoulda said so,” Maxi winked at you, making you giggle. “Here, first thing’s first.” He kissed you again, surprising you with the heat of it before he got up and headed towards your bathroom. “Don’t go nowhere.”

  “Twist my arm, Monsieur,” you called after him, before you fell back on your pillows again with a small contented sigh. Fuck. You were in this deep. This morbid weirdo with the constant death-related dad jokes had your whole heart, and you seemed more than a little okay with it.

  As you heard the tap running in the next room, you paused, hearing something else. Looking to the floor, you saw where Maxi’s phone had slid out of the pocket of his slacks in his haste to take them off. It was vibrating, a number with an unfamiliar, out-of-country area code showing up on his screen. Where there should have been a name saved, there was something else. “H. Do not answer.”

  You were frowning at it, wondering whether or not to inspect it further, before you turned to look back to the door - and about jumped out of your skin, finding Maxi looming just behind you with a damp washcloth. “Jesus, baby,” you breathed, putting a hand briefly to your chest. “You’ve got some ghost feet, or something.”

  “Funeral steps,” Maxi said with an apologetic shrug. “Gotta step light when you’re trying to avert disaster in the middle of the hymns.” He nodded towards the edge of the bed, and you moved towards it obligingly, your cheeks heating again as he knelt in front of you to clean you up.

  “Um,” you said softly, and he glanced up over the rims of his glasses. “I swear I wasn’t snooping - your phone was ringing, and I just wanted to make sure it wasn’t a new pick-up or something.” You were familiar now with how quickly Maxi could be called on to collect one of the recently late townsfolk, sometimes well after business hours if they were being picked up directly from their residence. 

  “Hm?” Maxi paused, glancing over at his phone - and frowning when he saw the missed call notification. He sighed, and there was some impatience to it as he looked away. “It’s nothin’,” he said softly, returning his attention and delicate touch to you. When he was finished, he took care of himself. “Just…” he seemed to hesitate a moment, as if weighing his options. “I have this cousin down in Mexico City. He calls me sometimes when he needs somethin’.”

  You blinked, taken aback. “I thought…” you hesitated, not wanting to kick a hornet’s nest but also still confused. “I thought you said you didn’t have any family, anymore.”

  “I don’t,” he reassured you, meeting your eyes. “I really don’t on this side of the border. My mom’s folk all moved when she died, and I don’t…. My dad’s side isn’t around,” he shrugged, looking away again. You saw his fingers briefly drum on his own knee. “It’s just me left here.”

  You bit your lip for a moment, not entirely sure what you were walking into here. “…So I’m guessing you don’t want me to invite him over for dinner?”

  “Absolutely not,” Maxi said, his gaze suddenly sharper than you’d ever seen it. “I- Sorry, baby,” he said quickly, holding up his hands when he saw the surprise on your face. “It’s.. it’s just complicated” He sighed, pulling his boxers back on before he sat down on the edge of your bed and fell backwards. 

  You shifted to grab your own clothes and took your time putting them back on, determined to ice over any remaining traces of hurt before you spoke. “…So are we not at the part of things where we’re meeting each’s others, uh, people, or…?” You kept your eyes on your knees, trying to play it cool. “Because that’s fine, of course. Obviously,” you added, your tone light, casual. “I just, um. Would like to know so I don’t mention anything to anyone I’m not supposed to, and stuff.”

  “Darlin’, no,” Maxi sat up again like a shot, seizing your hands in his. “It’s not that - no, really, look at me,” he urged, squeezing your hands gently in his until you looked at him. “It’s not you at all,” he said, shaking his head. “It’s got nothin’ to do with you. You’re wonderful,” he smiled, and there was a trace of sadness to it. “It’s just… I don’t even like him,” he admitted at last. “You definitely don’t need to meet him, I don’t want you anywhere near him, he’s just… bad news. Hell, I only see him because, y’know, ‘blood is blood,’ or somethin’.” He gestured flippantly, clearly quoting something he’d been told for ages. “Our dads were twins, it’s more an obligation than anything else. I’m the only one he can come to on this side of things,” he added, with no small amount of bitterness. He glanced down at his phone. “It’s probably nothing, but if I have to see him I’m just meeting him out of town, someplace halfway, and even then it’s not like we’re going to chat.” He looked back to you, eyes pleading. “I’m not keeping you from anybody, baby, I swear. Hell, my mom would’ve loved you,” he said, and his smile was sweet, earnest. “But if there’s any of them I definitely don’t want you to meet, it’s that guy, and it’s only because I’m afraid you’ll run screamin’ if you do.”

  You rolled your eyes, squeezing Maxi’s hands gently. “C’mon, babe, I’m sure he’s not that bad. I have some pretty terrible cousins, don’t get me wrong,” you added. “But still. You don’t need to feel like you have protect me,” you nudged him gently with your thigh. “I’ve already proven I’m not squeamish with a lot of stuff, right?” You teased.

  “…Right,” Maxi added, slowly, still looking away for a moment. Finally, he glanced up at you again, smiling. “Anyway. We never agreed on dinner.”

  “Oh, yeah, we didn’t.” You stood up, wincing just slightly as you stumbled. “Oh, fuck, babe,” you muttered, laughing shyly. “I might need another minute.”

  “Here, hold on,” Maxi stood up next to you, sweeping you up into a bridal carry in his arms as you giggled with delight. “Now - where to, sugar?”

  “Just my couch,” you said, pulling your phone back out of your shorts pocket and looping one arm around his neck. “I’ll start checking the usual places’ delivery times.”

  “Atta girl.” Maxi carried you carefully through your house, never seeming to hesitate as he maneuvered through your small hallways. It had taken a while to get used to having a partner who could carry you, but secretly, you relished it when he did, although you never asked outright. At last, the two of you made it to your living room, and Maxi set you down so he could flop over on your couch. He pulled you down on top of him, holding you between his legs with your back against his chest. 

  “Thank you, baby,” you said, turning to kiss him appreciatively before you turned back to your phone. “You feel like anything in particular?”

  “Somethin’ appropriately greasy to go with the schlocky movie, I think,” he said with mock thoughtfulness, kissing behind your ear as you giggled. He paused, and you thought he was reading over your shoulder, until you paused, realizing he was staring at the bookshelf in the corner of your living room. “…Who’s that?”

  You looked up, suddenly worried someone had gotten in while you were stuck in bed, but saw nothing there. It took you a moment of staring, searching your shelves, before you realized he was talking about the small silver container on your shelf at eye-level. “Damn, baby, good eye,” you said, glancing over your shoulder at him. “That’s my great aunt - well, her ashes,” you explained. “She passed away when I was younger, but she was a big force behind me going to college, so… I dunno, I took part of her with me.” You shrugged, not worried about him thinking you were weird. If anyone would understand your own grief-driven logic, it was Maxi. “Felt wrong to get so far and not take her along to see it, y’know?”

  “Sure,” Maxi said, nodding like this was a perfectly normal thing. “She moved around with you since then, I see.”

  “Yeah,” you smiled a little. “I don’t know, it just feels nice to have family around sometimes, even if they’re not… really there.”

  “No, I get it,” Maxi kissed your shoulder. “I get it completely.” 

  “I knew you would,” you said, relaxing back against his chest. As you were still looking through menu options on your phone, you could feel him rest his chin on your shoulder where he’d just kissed it, apparently still staring at your bookshelf. Out of the corner of your eye on your other side, you saw, for a moment, the tiniest flicker of movement… was he waving at someone?

  You turned, wanting to look, but Maxi’s hand was just absently swaying next to you, doing a slower version of the drumming gesture he did with his fingers when he was thinking. “…I know we did it last week, but do you wanna try that Italian place again?” He asked at last, getting your attention. “I don’t know about you,”  he added, kissing the back of your neck to make you shiver. “But I’ve worked up an appetite.” 

  “Yeah, sounds good,” you agreed. You nestled yourself back against him, picking the right place and absently punching in your delivery order. 

  As you leaned there, you felt his arms cross over your chest, hugging you loosely. He leaned his cheek against the back of your head, staring out your window into the cool blue of the dusk. Maxi was an odd one with his occasional long silences, but in a way, you couldn’t remember the last time you’d ever been so comfortable with someone. 

  Really, aside from his grim family business, he was honestly too good to be true.

 
  
    Chapter Text
    
  
  
    Your skin was so soft, in the light of your mirror. The way it made you glow softly was so different than the fluorescent lights in his basement workroom - so much kinder. You were no imitation of being alive. You were the real deal.
    And you were his, and it still felt like a dream.
    Maxi was sitting on your bed, his work shirt unbuttoned one or two down and his tie loose around his neck, with one of your many plushies resting in his crossed legs as he watched you putting on your makeup for your night out with your friends. Every brush of powder, carefully applied trace of black liner or lip paint fascinated him. He knew what it meant to recreate a face for the sake of a guest of honor’s loved ones, trying to conjure the image of someone who would never again look like they remembered - and was already so removed from that likeness, even in the early stages of death. But it had been ages since he’d watched someone put on their own face, crafting for the eyes of others the version of them that existed in their own mind. This was your face as you saw it, and he would know every face of yours. His eyes only left your reflection to wander over the surface of your vanity table, taking in the curated collection of bottles, pots of pigment, and an array of pencils and crayons of various products. His eyes had just landed on an unopened pencil of black, still in the plastic, when—
    “Baby,” you said, as if for the second time, and he sat up slightly, not realizing his chin had been resting in the soft animal’s head. You turned to look at him in your chair, and the familiar feeling in his chest flared to life: the frisson of nerves whenever he smelled your perfume or felt your warm hand brush his cool one. “You didn’t hear a word I just said, did you?”
    “Sorry, darlin’,” he said, smiling sheepishly. “I guess I was distracted.”
    “That’s what I was talking about,” you giggled, shaking your head. “I’ve never had a boyfriend so keen on watching me put on makeup before.”
    Boyfriend. It wasn’t his favorite word - he wanted a stronger one, one that implied the permanence with which he viewed you - but it meant he was yours, so he’d accept it. For now. He shrugged slightly, his shy smile still in place. “I guess… it’s different for me, I guess,” he said. “I spend a lot of time putting the makeup on people who need it for other people to be able to say goodbye. It’s interestin’ to watch someone put it on themselves to go have fun.”
    You paused, your eyes slightly distant as you considered this - he loved that about you, how seriously you seemed to take everything about his job. He’d been doing this for more than half his life now, it was all old hat to him… but it was like everything he said to you had a resonance he didn’t even realize. You looked back to him, your lips pursed thoughtfully, but he was distracted again by the blood red paint you’d carefully stained them with. For a moment, his mind was caught up in the memory of what yours tasted like, smeared between your mouths, and the way you whined low in his ear when his fingers dug into your luscious hips hard enough to bruise—
    “Weird question,” you said at last, and he was snapped hard back to the present.
    “You know we don’t have those, sugar,” he said, giving you a sly wink. With his line of work and your morbid curiosity, you two spent an amount of time discussing the intricacies of other people’s anatomy that would be somewhat alarming in any other circumstances. “Shoot.”
    “So, not to sound conceited, but…you’re not sizing me up for inspiration, are you?” You asked, raising an eyebrow. 
    “Was it that obvious?” Maxi asked, raising one in return just to make you laugh again. “Clearly,” he said, setting your stuffed alligator aside and getting to his feet. “You are the first authority I’d turn to on the latest eyeliner trends for departed octogenarians.” 
    “Gotta make sure Gramma’s wings are sharp if she’s going to meet the lord,” you said, fighting desperately to keep a straight face and failing.
    “Sharp enough to keep the Devil on his toes,” Maxi agreed with his best solemn church face, causing you to break and laugh. He set his hands on your shoulders - left mostly bare by the dark silk top you were wearing - and kiss the top of your head, careful not to muss your hard work with your styling tools. He looked up, his thumbs tracing over the skin beneath them as he met your eyes in your mirror. “You look beautiful.”
    “Aw. Thanks, babe.” You looked away when he said this, still, as if you couldn’t quite accept it yet. It frustrated him just slightly; he spent so much time staring at the empty remnants of humanity, had seen so many people reduced only to their flesh - he thought if anything that would make him a better authority than most. In a weird way, he knew you would still look just as breath-catchingly lovely if you ended up on his table. Not that he’d ever phrase it like that, of course. He wondered, briefly, if you looked away because someone else had ever told you otherwise. The thought made him see a flash of light off the blade of his favorite bone saw.
    “Really,” he said simply, squeezing your shoulders so you looked back at him. He gave you a sly smile. “I’m gonna get a slew of calls about heart attacks in whatever room you and your friends walk into tonight, just you wait. Pickup van won’t be able to hold ‘em all.”
    “Thank you, sweetheart,” you said, your smile widening at his unique brand of emotional support. “Always happy to help with business.”
    Maxi hummed appreciatively, standing back so he was out of the range of your setting spray. Before you went to stand, he put a hand gently back on your shoulder to keep you still. “If I might offer a suggestion?”
    “I’m all ears,” you said, looking to him with a curious expression.
    Maxi reached into the pocket of his suit pants with his free hand, carefully bringing out a black box. “Now, you can veto this tonight if you don’t think it goes,” he said quietly. “But I saw it and I thought of you.”
    “Maxi! You didn’t have to, you big marshmallow.” You beamed, taking it gently from him and opening the box. “I’m sure I’ll love it.”
    He shrugged, smiling amusedly. It took so little, relatively, to make you happy. He watched as your smile turned into an excited grin, taking out the necklace to examine it in the light: a pewter chain, suspending the small feathered wingtips of a grinning death’s head in the middle. “Babe,” you looked up at him, touched. “This is adorable! This symbol is, what, eighteenth century?”
    “Seventeenth,” Maxi said, feeling himself grin. You’d already been into cemetery iconography when he met you, luckily - having someone to bond over the lesser appreciated parts of it felt like being properly seen for the first time in a long time. “Now like I said, if you don’t think it works with what you have on-“
    “No, hush, I’m never taking this off,” you giggled, moving to put it on. You only paused when Maxi moved forward out of instinct, catching your eye in the mirror again when he hesitated. “…Care to help me, sir?” Your smile was the sly one, now - you knew how he couldn’t resist the opportunity to be ridiculously old-fashioned, when it came.
    “I’d love to,” he said, with such a quiet sincerity it seemed to surprise you. He took it gently from your fingers, carefully draping the chain around your throat before closing the clasp behind it. When he was done, he let his fingers trail softly down the back of your neck, watching you shiver softly with a small flash of pride you wouldn’t be able to see in his dark eyes.
    “You’re making it awfully hard to want to finish getting ready, Mr. Morvant,” you said, turning from your chair and at last standing up. He took a moment to take you in, enjoying the cling of this particular outfit in strategic places. 
    “You’re not making it any easier for me to let you go, sweetheart,” Maxi said, meeting your expectant eyes with a smirk. When you approached him for a hug, he leaned down to kiss the bare skin of your shoulder, resisting the overwhelming urge to nip just hard enough to bruise. “You sure you want to wait so long before I take this off you…?”
    “Patience is a virtue,” you said, your voice slightly breathier as he kissed up the column of your neck. When he went to set his hand on the back of the chair for balance, you missed it dip for a brief moment towards your vanity. “And besides, I promised the gang. We haven’t got to hang out properly since I moved in, and I really miss them.” You leaned back, brushing a couple rogue curls of his away from his forehead. “I wish I could take you along, though,” you added. “They’d adore you.”
    “There’ll be plenty of time for that, I’m sure,” Maxi said, his smile soft at the idea of introductions being made. He liked your friends, from the sound of them. They seemed to be good to you, make you feel as loved and valued as you should be. If that ever changed, well… he’d have to handle that, wouldn’t he? He frowned a little bit, as if thinking abut something. “I just… hmm.” He pretended to ponder something. “Not to be a buzzkill, darlin’, but… are y’all a hundred percent sure you want to hang out downtown? What with… well. Y’know.” A spate of disappearances he knew nothing about and had nothing to do with, no sir. Even if every last one of the disappeared men had deserved it, the rotten sonsabitches.
    “Baby,” you said, rolling your eyes slightly. “There’s going to be, like, five of us, and those of us who don’t have pepper spray have some form of knife. We’re gonna be okay, I swear. Besides, whoever’s taking people… doesn’t super seem to be shopping in my category, if that doesn’t make me a horrible person to say.” 
    “You’re not wrong,” Maxi said, affecting a nervous shrug. “They do seem to be goin’ after bigger dudes, but… still.” He frowned slightly, but paused, something you said seeming to land. “Hang on, which do you have in that bag of yours? Pepper spray or a knife?”
    You smiled grimly. “Maxi, I’m queer and live in the South. What do you think?” You reached to the little black purse he had learned was your ‘nice’ one, chic and deceptively small, and opened it to reveal a strategic rip in the lining - where he saw the hint of what he thought, maybe, was the hilt of a small butterfly knife. 
    Maxi blinked, having not actually expected this. He swallowed, forcing down the dark twist of excitement at the base of his spine, and looked from you to the knife. “Well, alright then,” he said, trying to keep his tone light. “And you feel comfortable usin’ that if you have to?”
    “Yes, Daddy,” you said, meaning to just be gently ribbing him, but the way your voice caught slightly when you realized just what you’d said gave you away. His eyes found yours in a hurry, and you were watching his face with a mix between mild embarrassment and a very definite hesitancy - like you were trying to decide whether you actually wanted to go out after all. When you pressed your lips together indecisively, smearing the blood red color just a little bit, he broke.
    Maxi caught your chin before you realized what was happening, walking you slowly and carefully back against the wall of your bedroom. His free hand came to rest on the wall, moving the one that had held your face gently to your throat now. He leaned down, putting the two of you almost nose to nose.
    “You can still bow out, darlin’,” he said, his voice low as he looked long and slow between your lips and your eyes. “You won’t be putting me out none if you decide you wanna stay in.”
    You met his eyes, taking a soft breath, and you seemed to be definitely considering it… before a car horn sounded outside, causing both of you to look around. “That’s them,” you said, and the way you looked a little excited at the idea at last made him relent. You deserved time with the people who missed you, as loath as he was to give you up. You looked back to him, your smile sweet as you put a hand to his cheek. “You almost had me there,” you said, giving him a wink and kissing the tip of his nose. “But I’m going to have to raincheck your raincheck, handsome.”
    “Alright, I surrender,” Maxi lifted his hands in a gesture to match, freeing you where he had you trapped before. “Y’all go have fun, try not to burn the town down - we only have so many bars as it is. Here,” he added, grabbing his suit jacket from where he’d hung it on your bedpost. “I’ll walk you out.”
    “You can hang out here if you want, babe, I don’t mind,” you said, glancing at him as you both headed towards your front door. 
    Maxi chuckled, raising an eyebrow. “Don’t make a lot of sense for me to hang around without you here too, pretty, but I appreciate it.”
    “I just mean…” you hesitated in front of the shoe rack next to your front door, picking out a pair of high heeled chelsea boots and going to put them on. Maxi, ever the gentleman, lifted your hand to his shoulder for support so you balance properly. “Oh! Thanks,” you said, indeed squeezing said proffered shoulder as you pulled one on after the other. “I don’t know,” you said at last, leaning down to adjust where they clung around your ankles (and giving him a lovely view of what this outfit was doing for your ass, he had to add). You stood up, your slightly concerned expression bringing him out of openly admiring you when you weren’t looking. “I don’t want to sound… you know I love your place,” you added quickly. “It’s charming, it’s historic… but sometimes, I don’t know,” you hesitated, choosing your words. “I guess I worry about you in that house by yourself, y’know?”
    Maxi blinked, given slight pause by this. “What d’you mean, baby?” he asked, keeping his tone deceptively casual as he slid into his pair of dark loafers. “You mean the basement?” He smiled a little at the thought. “I’m used to that, I promise you. Gets downright ordinary when you’ve had dead people down there as long as I have.”
    “No, not that,” you said, shaking your head. You bit your lip slightly. “…Okay, so this is going to sound super woo-woo bullshit and whatever, but like - sometimes I think I feel… things. Like, other people,” you said quietly. “In your house. Does that make sense?”
    Maxi was doing his best to keep his face neutral, even mildly charmed, but the sirens were definitely going off. Fuck. Double fuck and a half. “Define ‘people’, sugar. Like… ghosts or somethin’?”
    “I-“ you paused as the car horn sounded again, this time with more excited emphasis. “Forget it, it’s ridiculous,” you said quickly, shaking your head with a sheepish smile. “I’ll tell you more later, but it’s probably just me watching too many scary movies at your place. C’mon.” You took his hand before he could press for more, opening your front door and leading him out onto your small porch. 
    Orange autumn sunlight was starting to creep into the golden-blue dusks that came from living down here, elongating the shadows of the trees in your front yard. Idling in your driveway next to Maxi’s hearse was a medium-ish red Honda, one of the many models that couldn’t decide if it was a town car or a sports car or what. Inside he saw four strangers your age, maybe a couple a little closer to his - he took the time to look them over while you were locking your front door. Two of them in the back that he couldn’t see well had ditched their seatbelts to admire the hearse through the window, looking like they were excitedly talking to each other. The one in the passenger seat, with a rather fetching undercut, was waving at you with an excited grin that you were happily returning. The one in the driver’s seat, a woman who appeared to be the oldest with purple hair and a septum piercing, was smiling at you… but her eyes were slowly, carefully sizing him up.
    The Mom friend. He’d heard about this one. The closest thing you’d ever had to an older sister, a political journalist who’d worked overseas before the two of you met in your program. You adored her openly, talked about wanting to be as brave and tough as her when you were the same age, and he knew by now she’d helped you out of a couple hard spots when you’d first started living on your own. She was a bit protective of you, and he understood why - you were sweet and kind and far too trusting for someone like him. He locked eyes with the mom friend and wave with a polite nod, doing his best to look non-threatening. He appreciated your friends’ instincts to look out for you, but that was his jurisdiction now. He had it covered.
    Seemingly satisfied with her once-over, she returned the nod, her smile slightly more genuine now. Her eyes switched to you, excitedly beckoning you over.
    You held up a finger before turning back to Maxi, smiling still. “I promise we’ll have real introductions another day - probably brunch, knowing them,” you added with a glance in their direction. 
    “That’s fine, sweetheart,” he said. “Y’all just go have a good time, text me when you get home.”
    “…Actually,” you said quietly, fiddling a little bit with his loosened tie. “I was wondering if you’d be cool with me swinging by your place after? If it’s not too late. I don’t know if you have an early viewing, or-“
    Maxi cut you off, leaning down and kissing you a bit too deeply to be totally appropriate in front of friends he hadn’t met yet. When he pulled away, leaving you dazed and a bit out of breath, he made a point to neatly swipe away what little lipstick had escaped your liner. “Sounds good to me,” he said with a wink, just low enough for you to hear.
    You two were startled slightly by a chorus of whoops and catcalls from the now rolled-down windows of your friend’s car. The Undercut friend in the passenger seat leaned out theirs. “You still coming, or should we leave you here?”
    “Shut up, Em,” you laughed, your grin now a bit sheepish. You looked to Maxi. “I’ll text you when I’m on my way, okay?” When he nodded, you headed to the car, only to be greeted by more whoops from your friends as you opened the back door and slid in. Maxi watched the car backing up and the volley of teasing that awaited you, smiling as he watched you giggle and swat one of your friends sitting with you in the back seat. You must have been being pelted with questions, as there were more than a few glances from said friends in his direction. He headed towards his hearse as soon as there was room, waving again as the car pulled off down the street.
    As soon as the car was out of sight, he got in, starting and pulling it out with surprising speed for as big as the vehicle was. But when you’d been driving hearses almost exclusively since you were fifteen, they were relatively easy to handle. He gunned it back to his place, leaving the hearse sitting conspicuously in the frontmost parking spot of the driveway before he headed inside.
    The front hall was awash in a cacophony of voices, sensations - if a person were new to this, it would be deafeningly overwhelming. For him, though, it wasn’t quite enough to warrant his full attention in any particular direction. He knew he needed to re-up the measures on the altar in the basement, and soon - likely within the next few days or so, with the way the moon was currently waxing. But he had other things to worry about tonight. He waved a hand at a gust of cold air trying to get in his face, ignoring the hissed epithets, and quickly headed up the creaky spiral staircase to his old room on the second floor. 
    When he’d come back from his time away, as he referred to it, he’d waited a bit before he’d moved some of his stuff to the barely used master bedroom on the third floor. He’d made sure it was far enough down the hall from his mother’s sick room that she wouldn’t get any ideas and wander over in the middle of the night, and it was definitely too far from the basement for his father to reach. However, he still kept a small stash of things in his old childhood bedroom just for occasions such as these. There are some things that were just… best kept away from any room he might take you to.
    It hadn’t changed much since he’d moved back in: with the single ceiling light flipped on, one could see it was still painted a dark red, old horror movie posters still on the walls despite the aged tape. Some of them still had the corners missing from when Vincent used to rip them down every so often, needing a target for his rage after the deaths of Mathilde and Aurore. Most of Maxi’s old comic books - the surviving ones, anyway - were still hidden under the bed for this reason, despite him having lived here by himself for ages now. Other things were hidden other, less accessible places. 
    Maxi shed the suit jacket he was wearing again, followed by the rest of his work clothes, tossing them onto the old dark duvet. He headed for the closet, a fairly large walk-in for the size of the room. Only half paying attention, he pulled a couple of items of clothing from inside: a black t-shirt with a bit of a rip around the collar, a similarly black hoodie, the dark jeans with no blood or holes in them, and an old, fairly worn leather jacket that seemed just as old as the boots waiting by the closet door. He pulled on all of this seemingly without thinking about it save for the leather jacket, checking the pockets to make sure he still had what he needed there before he shut the door to the closet behind him and tug the boots on. He made a point not to look over his shoulder at the whistle to get his attention as he did so, instead getting anything else he might need out of the pockets of his work pants.
    He walked into the bathroom next door, carefully stepping over the ring of salt around the sink and the medicine cabinet just big enough for him to stand in the middle of. Turning the faucet on, he first made sure the water was the color it was supposed to be before he gathered a handful in his palm and applied it to his hair, trying his best to wash out what was left of the product that kept it so carefully in place. Hastily, he pulled and rearranged, ruining his usual part and brushing a fair amount of it down towards and over his eyes. Once it got to a point where he was alright going outside with it, it was time for the last step. Setting his glasses on the edge of the sink, he opened the container for his contacts. Taking a deep breath to steel himself, he quickly popped them in one after the other, trying to shove away the shiver and urge to gag that came with every time he did so. He didn’t know why he was so twitchy about contacts - it was a little ridiculous, considering he regularly put metal bolts through people’s gums to wire their mouths shut - but something about touching his own eyes had always made him feel the tiniest bit ill. Still, when it came down to it, this was better for nights such as these… he would be less easily recognized without his usual dark frames, and combined with he different hair, he had found that he could really make the Clark Kent Effect work for him when he needed it to.
    He paused for just a moment to examine his reflection… and, finally, pulled out the unsealed eyeliner pencil he’d swiped off your makeup table. Turning it over carefully in his fingers, he weighed his options. He’d only really taken it because it was something small of yours (and because it definitely wasn’t one of your expensive ones, he’d made sure of that first), but now that he had it… well. Peeling off the plastic with his teeth, he popped the lid, and then - after one more moment of indecision - carefully applied a couple careful strokes under each of his eyes. It was a bit odd, doing this on his own face after learning how on someone else’s, but after a little smudging to make up for the way he kept blinking… he didn’t hate the result. 
    “Going to see your plaything?”
    He froze at the voice, sighing impatiently before carefully anchoring himself with a hand to either side of the sink. “Not now, Aurore.”
    “They’re cute,” said the figure leaning in the doorway, the voice deceptively youthful despite their true age. “I like them. Mama likes them too.” A pause, a shuffle of patent leather shoes shifting position. “It’s gonna be a real shame when someone else decides they’re cute, though.”
    “I said I’m not doin’ this right now,” Maxi said sharply. “I’m on a schedule. Leave me alone.”
    “You’re mean,” Aurore said, and though he couldn’t look at her, he got the impression she was sticking out her tongue. “Mama’s already sad you haven’t been coming to visit as much. I’m gonna tell her livin’s made you rude, too.”
    “And whose fault is that?” Maxi said, doing his best not to roll his eyes. Taking a breath, he tried again to be civil. “Maybe if Mama’s so upset, she should try findin’ the light. Like we talked about.”
    “You know she can’t,” Aurore said, crossing her arms stubbornly. “I can’t, either.”
    “Can’t or won’t?” Maxi shot back, having to fight not to turn to glare at her.
    Aurore laughed, but it didn’t match the rest of her. “Careful what you wish for, remember?” Another ominous pause. “Same goes for your friend, too.”
    Maxi paused, chancing the slightest glance towards the door. “Have you been talkin’ to them?”
    No answer, just the barest hint of a shrug in his peripheral vision.
    “Aurore!” Maxi snapped. “I asked you a question! You know you’re not supposed to talk to people!”
    “Maybe,” Aurore said in a sing-song voice. “I almost thought they talked back, at one point.” A dark laugh, from somewhere else in the house. Somewhere closer to the basement. “They’re smart, y’know. I’m sure they’ll figure out how.”
    “Aurore, I swear to god, if you touch—“ Maxi whirled around before he realized he was doing. “Aw, fuck.” He grabbed his leather jacket and slammed the bathroom door behind him, taking the stairs two at a time as he felt something gaining on his heels. “Fuck fuck fuck, that was stupid, fuck—”
    He tore through the living room, ignoring the way the sun was seemingly disappearing quickly from the wide glass windows, and grabbed the keys he needed off the rack by the back door to the garden. He tried to yank the door open and failed, swearing softly and fighting with the deadbolt as he felt something cold and wet on the back of his neck-
    Only to get away just as he felt the ends of bony fingertips, slamming the front door hard behind him.
    As he leaned against it, trying to catch his breath, he felt something slam hard into the door behind him, as if they wanted to break it down. This was followed by a frustrated, echoing shriek… and finally, silence. Only the chirping of birds as the sun continued to slowly go down.
    “Goddamn sister,” he muttered, running a hand down his face. Aurore, even after all these years apart, knew exactly what buttons to push to make him forget himself. Sighing, he shoved off the front door and headed towards the back shed, hidden away behind a copse of magnolia trees.
    He pulled the tarp off a car in the back - his late uncle’s dark-colored Mustang from the nineties, dented in a couple spots but still in working order. He swooped himself into the low driver’s seat, and - after checking the review mirror to make sure there were no ride-alongs to throw a salt packet at from the glove compartment - he gunned the engine, taking a grassy backroad off the property towards the highway. If he was right, given traffic at this time of day, y’all were either still on your way downtown or were only just getting there. Plenty of time for him to show up and blend in.
    There was a killer on the loose, after all. He wasn’t about to let any sweetheart of his wander around without an escort.
    -
    It’s not that he didn’t trust you. Of course he did. You had every right to go out and have a good time on your own with your friends, and hell, if you smiled at someone cute or accepted a drink from a stranger, he wouldn’t lose sleep. He was much too secure about you for that.
    No, what bothered him was the idea that there was anyone… well, like him, around tonight. The odds were slim - the Morvant family had been established in this part of the state for generations now - but that didn’t mean there wasn’t some dumbass upstart looking to try their luck every so often. Then, of course, there were just regular dudes. Those, he was admittedly a little more worried about.
    He’d staked out a quieter corner of the club, a glass of whiskey in his hand that he wasn’t paying much attention to. It had been easy to find your little group when he’d walked in; you’d all been dancing at the time towards the middle of the floor, the bass veering on obnoxious over the speakers. He’d walked along the edge of the floor to get a drink and back, and you hadn’t noticed him the entire time, despite the fact he was openly staring at you as he went. You were too taken by the moment. He hadn’t seen you quite this comfortable before - not that you weren’t comfortable with him, of course. With him, you weren’t afraid to be vulnerable - he’d left enough marks on you to prove that. Rather, this was you with people you’d known for years. Your walls were down and you were about a couple drinks in, obviously enjoying yourself and your company. 
    He’d been watching the group of your for about an hour since, tracing your repeated pack migration to the bar during slower songs when you needed to catch your breath, and then the lively return to the dance floor when a song that you all liked or was particularly nostalgic came on. You were happy, laughing often and loudly with your friends at old jokes, posing for selfies when you were out of the way of the crowd. He couldn’t help but feel the dark, watchful protectiveness in his chest turn to something fonder, having to resist the urge a few times to walk out and join you in your revelry, or scoop you up and kiss you when your face was particularly adorable. The two of you had been dating since shortly after you moved to town, but he found himself excited for when you felt this comfortable with him, too. To establish this same kind of intimacy you felt with your old friends, when you finally really accepted he’d always want you around even at your most human. You would see there was nothing that could scare him off. He was the scariest thing here.
     But in the meantime, he was relieved to see that there didn’t seem to be a lot of people interested in trying to pull you away from your friends - though there were a couple of people at the bar he found he was having to keep an eye on. 
    When you broke away from your group, miming that you were going to go get another drink, he noticed the Mom friend and the one you called Em watched you go before they continued dancing themselves. It wasn’t like you needed a babysitter, but he at least appreciated they were looking out. 
    He ambled towards the bar himself, keeping close to the wall under the various neon signs as he saw you find a space… right next to one of the men he’d seen watching you. He took a long sip of whiskey, watching you order another drink. The guy next to you, in a pink polo shirt with the collar turned up and his dirty blonde hair gelled to the point of looking permanently damp like this was roughly twenty years ago, leaned over to say something in your ear. Leaned further than necessary, actually. Maxi would’ve been more furious about him trying to maybe look down your shirt if the annoyed face you made hadn’t almost caused an unfortunately timed sip of whiskey to come out his nose. When the guy pulled back to look at you, as if waiting for a response, the expression vanished, replaced by a wide grin that didn’t reach your eyes. You nodded, and the dude motioned to the bartender. The bartender nodded, handing you your drink - and as the guy turned to talk to you, you immediately left, heading for the edge of the dance floor. Maxi had to fight a grin at the dude’s crestfallen face, realizing he must have just paid for your drink. Clever baby.
    He moved to the opposite side of the dance floor, watching you through the crowd as you watched your friends. You were leaning against a structural pole, seemingly enjoying the cool plaster on your back as you sipped whatever it was you were drinking. Your peaceful expression was interrupted as Pinky McDipshit appeared again at your side, a drink of his own in his hand. He nudged you playfully, leaning over again to say something over the music, and your expression was almost comical in how obviously irritated you were. You nodded once or twice, but never made eye contact, clearly hoping he would get the hint or get bored. Alas, Pinky was either stubborn or oblivious - probably both, actually. He rested a hand against the pole next to you in a supremely lame attempt to get his arm around your shoulders, and Maxi could see you sigh from across the room. You set your glass down on the table next to you, excusing yourself… and this was the moment the young man signed his death warrant. 
    Because, you see, Maxi very definitely saw him immediately lean over to look into your glass, reaching into his pocket for something… and frowning, as the glass was apparently empty. When he pulled his hand out, it was also empty, but Maxi didn’t need to see what was in his pocket to know he was going to have to die. And soon.
    Maxi downed the rest of his whiskey, sizing up the situation. He could escort the pig out himself - but he’d have to wait until it wasn’t in a place you’d just been. Odds were that you might return or someone looking for you might see him, it was too close to be safe. He could maybe wait until Pinky went to the bathroom, as this was surely not his first drink… but that was too closed off, with too many chances for people to walk in or already be there. Maxi wasn’t worried. He had time. This guy wouldn’t be making off with you or anyone else in this bar ever again.
    If Pinky wasn’t already a dead man walking, he definitely would have been with what came next. He spotted you again, standing towards the corner of the floor as you took a break from dancing. He walked over, nudging aside some people you were clearly trying to use as a buffer so he could lean against your shoulder. Maxi stood there, wishing he’d somehow been able to hide a Liston saw in the lining of his jacket, before yet another transgression took place. Pinky leaned over again, despite the fact that you were very clearly tilting your head away from him, and touched the necklace Maxi had given you earlier. He kept his grubby little knuckles against the skin of your chest as he examined the death’s head, clearly pretending to ask you about it. Maxi was about to storm across the dance floor and pin the little shit to the wall by the throat with his bare hands, cover be damned, when something rather… interesting happened.
    You seized Pinky’s hand in yours, pulling it away from your neck and holding it between the pair of you in a grip that let Maxi clearly see the tendons of your wrist stand out. You asked him something, and he only smiled awkwardly, shrugging. Though you were already in heels, you stood somewhat on your toes with a too-wide smile to whisper something else in Pinky’s ear, your other hand hovering over the waistband of your skirt. Whatever it was you said, Pinky clearly didn’t like it, as the smug smile he’d had on went he went to touch you slid off his face to be replaced by something… else. Maxi watched as Pinky seemed to shrink from you, pulling his hand away as if you were something diseased while you just continued to smile at him, as though you’d asked him about the Tigers or the Saints or whatever. Slowly, not turning his back to you, the young man walked away, heading for an exit towards the back corner of the club.
    Now, what was that about? Maxi tilted his head as you watched the young man leave, smile still in place, until at last he disappeared out the door. Rolling your eyes, you headed back onto the dance floor, where you and your friends reunited with another chorus of whooping. Y’all seemed to do that a lot. When he was sure you were dancing with your friends, unbothered, Maxi headed through the crowd towards the same door Pinky had just used, pulling his hood up over his head before he stepped outside.
    Even here, the air outside was still considerably cooler than the heat from all the bodies inside. Maxi stood for a moment, checking the ground to find the greatest collection of cigarette butts - wherever the most smokers gathered tended to be outside the range of any alley cameras, just for a bit of privacy. Sure enough, as he saw the concentration increase as he looked down the alley, he saw the most right in front of where Pinky now stood against the outer wall of the club, nervously lighting a cigarette. Slightly odd, as Maxi had figured him to be more of a juul type. Go figure.
    Checking again for visibility from the street and finding none, he walked over to the other end of the alley, fishing a cigarette out of his jacket pocket as well as his phone.
    He and Pinky stood across from each other for a few minutes, carefully ignoring one another as both scrolled through the devices in their hands. He waited just long enough for Pinky to really seem engrossed in his phone again, having glanced up when he first opened the door. This was the easy part - getting the person to forget you’re there. Maxi took his time idling, actually flipping through photos from your friends’ Instagrams of your night so far. In all of them, you looked happy, making sillier faces the later the photos were from in the evening. This was good, it seemed like you’d been enjoying yourself - or at least, hadn’t had too many interruptions until this prick showed up. 
    Speaking of which. As if remembering why he was out there to begin with, Maxi pretended to check his jacket pockets and the pockets of his jeans for a lighter, making a small annoyed noise when of course none turned up. He glanced up at Pinky, but he was still dutifully ignoring the other alley occupant, texting someone else.
    “…Got a light?” Maxi asked at last, after it was clear Pinky really wasn’t observant.
    “Huh?” Pinky looked up, mouth slightly agape. Like a fish, Maxi thought. Like a really, really stupid fish, staring the bear right in the face with no idea.
    “Got a light?” Maxi repeated, a less toothy version of his customer service smile coming into play. 
    Pinky stared at him, and Maxi realized maybe the customer service smile was a little harder to pull off in the jacket. He hadn’t worn it in a while. It was also right at that moment he remembered he was wearing eyeliner, and he wondered briefly if he was going to have to gut Pinky for being a bigot as well as a creep. 
    “Sure man, whatever,” Pinky said at last, reaching in his pocket and tossing Maxi a cheap plastic lighter.
    Maxi caught it, muttering a thanks before lighting his cigarette. He waited a moment, staring into space before glancing back to Pinky with a calculated air of boredom. “Any luck in there?”
    “Huh?” Pinky said again, looking up from his phone with slight irritation.
    Maxi nodded towards the club door. “How is it in there tonight? Anything good?”
    “Nah,” Pinky shook his head, looking irritated. “All the girls in this part of town are lesbos or trailer trash. You have to head over towards the college for any good pussy.”
    “All of ‘em?” Maxi said, raising an eyebrow. “I saw you talkin’ to one. She looked kinda cute.”
    “Bro,” Pinky looked at Maxi, eyes wide. “That bitch was crazy.”
    “I thought crazy was good on girls?” Maxi asked, hands returning to his pockets after he flicked the cigarette away and closing around something in his left. 
    “No, this girl was like, hospital crazy. I’m tryin’ to be nice and bought her a drink and shit, right? All the shit you’re supposed to do post-Me Too?” Pinky said, rolling his eyes, and oh, Maxi was going to enjoy killing this guy. “So one minute she’s totally fine, letting me touch her and stuff, playin’ it cool—“ Maxi had to resist the urge to stick the blade up through the bottom of Pinky’s chin at this point. “And the next thing I know, she like, grabs my hand all hard, right? And at first I’m like, ‘okay, cool, I got one of them kinky ones,’” Pinky said. “But then she leans in and asks me how many bones are in the human hand.”
    “…What?” Maxi said, genuinely surprised.
    Pinky nods. “Like, how am I supposed to know that shit? She’s like ‘twenty-seven,’ and I’m like, okay, whatever. And then she’s like, ‘Wanna see how many I can ruin in a minute?’ And in her other hand she’s got, like, a knife. A little one, but still, man.”
    “…F-fuck,” Maxi managed, doing his best to make his voice sound normal and not like the moan that definitely almost came out instead.
    “Right! Shit,” Pinky shook his head, his over-gelled hair shining in the dim alley lightbulb. “Girls are so fucking weird now, it’s almost not even worth it. Dude, I hear they have these dolls—“ 
    “Not worth tryin’,” Maxi asked, keeping his tone light. “Or not worth what you spend on the rohypnol?”
    Pinky froze, looking at Maxi with wide eyes before switching too late to a sneer of disdain. “Fuck you, dude. You’re at the wrong place anyway, the gay bar’s down the street—“
    Maxi moved so he had his right forearm crushed against Pinky’s windpipe, flattening him against the wall almost effortlessly. “Did you,” he said, his voice low. “Or did you not try to put somethin’ in her drink?”
    “I— no,” Pinky said, trying not to choke. 
    “Don’t you dare lie to me, boy,” Maxi growled, teeth on full display as he pushed harder against the man’s windpipe. “What’s your name?”
    “P-Paul,” The other man croaked, starting to struggle now against the lack of air. He clawed feebly at the sleeve of Maxi’s jacket, adding to a series of odd scuffs already there.
    “‘Paul,’” Maxi drawled mockingly. “I always like to know whose bones I’m takin’ back to my basement.” At this, Paul began to openly meeble, a frightened wail building in his throat. “Hush.” Maxi ordered, pressing a little harder with his elbow to better cut off the airflow for a minute. It was only when Paul’s whining went silent that he let up a little, watching the man gasp for air. “How many girls there been, Paul?” He pulled the autopsy scalpel out from his jacket pocket for the first time, letting the light move along the blade. “And be honest, now.”
    “F-Five,” Paul said, the number turning into a small sob.
    “And you were tryin’ for six tonight? Thought you’d make it a nice even number?” Maxi’s eyes were wide as he leaned a little too close to Paul’s face, entranced by the salty smell of the tears and liquor, watching as Paul’s spit awkwardly bubbled around his crying. “Y’know, Paul, chances are I would’ve come after you anyway, sooner or later.” His focus snapped back to the watery blue eyes watching him in terror. “But your stupid ass just tried that little stunt with what’s mine,” he traced the scalpel lightly down the side of Paul’s face, watching him writhe though it drew no blood. “And no one touches her but me.”
    “Man, I’m s-s-sorry,” Paul sobbed, his voice higher now through his tears. “I didn’t know she was yours, dude, please—“
    “Don’t you apologize to me, you fuckin’ pig fetus,” Maxi hissed. “Her being mine was just your extra bad luck. You shouldn’t’ve touched those girls no matter what, any of ‘em.”
    “I’ll never do it again, man, I won’t, I swear, I’ll never even come here, I’ll- I’ll move, I’ll—“
    “God, shut up,” Maxi rolled his eyes before pulling Paul forward by his neck, only to slam his head roughly backwards against the brick. He did this two more times, leaving Paul coughing and looking slightly dazed as he reached in a hidden pocket in his jacket lining for something else.
    He pulled out a long, needle-looking type object with an oddly shaped handle, admiring its silver gleam in the flickering alley light. “You got anyone who’ll have to pretend to miss you, Paul?” he sighed, sounding almost bored now.
    “M-my d-dad?” Paul whimpered, though it sounded more like a question.
    “Your dad, huh?” Maxi looked from the trocar to Paul, raising an eyebrow. “Feel like I might need to pay him a visit too, for raising such a miserable little excuse for life.” He leaned forward again, carefully placing the sharp end of the trocar’s needle-like end against the tip of Paul’s nose. “D’you think he date-raped your mama, too? Is that how you got here? Oh, c’mon,” Maxi rolled his eyes again as Paul spluttered, embarrassed and indignant. “You had to get it from somewhere. No one turns out awful on accident. Me, for instance,” Maxi’s face was suddenly split by a toothy smile - an alligator watching unsuspecting prey. “It’s in my blood.”
    What little resistance in Paul broke, leading to the man fully bawling in the alley. Maxi watched this for a minute, watching Paul’s face get redder and redder as he cried, before finally shoving his right hand under Paul’s jaw and slamming it closed. Paul gave a muffled yelp, blood trickling from the corner of his mouth as his teeth clamped down on his tongue.
    “You know what’s sad?” Maxi said, his voice nearly a whisper. He kept his eyes, now impossibly black, locked on Paul’s. “You’re not worth the box they would bury you in.” Slowly, his grin returned, wider and madder than before. “If they could find you, that is.”
    He roughly tilted Paul’s head upwards, sliding the end of the trocar just inside his left nostril. “Now, I’m about to stick this where it doesn’t normally go, so I won’t lie,” he said calmly. “It’s gonna suck. You wanna pray or somethin’?”
    Through his teeth-studded tongue, Paul began making low, trembling noises - like someone trying to recite the lord’s prayer through a mouth full of chicken livers.
    Maxi let him get to about the second verse. “Y’know what, close enough. Bye now.” And, with a sharp upward motion and a sickening sound, the trocar made its way through Paul’s nasal cavity into his brain.
    Maxi hummed along to the catchy song coming from inside as he carefully rotated it in a wide circle, watching the light fade from Paul’s eyes until there was nothing left. When he pulled the trocar loose, having to tug a little to unstick it, he stepped back to avoid the blood dribbling from the dead man’s nose. Patiently, he held the body against the wall, sliding it down as Paul’s knees bent without resistance so it looked like he was just sitting on the ground.
    Maxi stepped back, tilting his head to admire his work in the flickering fluorescent light. “…I bet I can get about three weeks’ worth outta you,” he murmured to no one living. “Maybe more, if I’m careful.”
    He wiped the bloody steel on the inside of his hoodie before returning it to its hidden sheath, stretching and looking idly around the alley one more time. It opened out to the parking lot in back of the club, which was lucky for him - carting his haul should be relatively easy, provided no one came out in a hurry.
    “Alright, dumbass, let’s go,” he sighed, shedding his outermost layer and pulling his own hood over his head again. He draped the leather jacket around Paul’s shoulders before standing back to assess the rest. Watching blood dribble out of Paul’s nose, he reached into his jeans pocket and pulled out some tissues. He wiped away the blood in the corners of the mouth before twisting the tissue into a tampon-shape, shoving one and then another up each of Paul’s nostrils. Satisfied with his work, he heaved the quickly cooling corpse to its feet, arranging Paul’s limp arm over his own shoulders so it looked like he was supporting a friend who’d been sick. Taking his time, Maxi made his way down the alley, emerging into the parking lot.
    Looking around, he saw no living eyes watching, but still made sure to play the part: a concerned mutter to the person next to him here and there, acting like he was being careful when the body’s feet looked like they stumbled over the pavement. It took them a while to reach where Maxi had parked the mustang in the farthest corner of the parking lot, but it was worth it. Vincent had always said there was no point in doing something if you weren’t going to take your time with it. As much as he hated the man, Maxi had found that to be more and more true over the years.
    Once he was sure he was finally out of sight of any parking lot cameras in the furthest possible spot from the building, Maxi unlocked the trunk, dumping the dead weight onto the waiting tarp. Without ceremony, he grabbed the ratty brown blanket in the back corner, tossing it over Paul’s body and hiding the drooling staring face from view. As he went to close the trunk door, he paused, looking down as if Paul had said something. “…You know what? Yes. This is all you get. You were trash then and you’re trash now.” Maxi said after a moment, irritated. “Die mad about it, won’t you?” He paused when he received no audible response, grinning madly again. “Oh, wait.”
    He gave a familiar giggle-snort that came with all his bad jokes, muffled by the slamming of the trunk. Making sure to lock the car, he shed his hoodie next, tying it around his waist before heading back towards the alley. 
    He was determined to make sure you left in a good mood.
    -
    When he came back in, it took him a moment to find you and your friends. Checks of the dance floor and the bar turned up empty, and he almost reached for his phone, suddenly worried you’d texted him that you were heading to his place when he was… otherwise occupied. But a flicker of light from the hall where the bathrooms were in the back caught his attention, and he saw what looked like your boots disappearing inside.
    He made his way over as inconspicuously as possible, leaning against a wall and taking out his phone like he was waiting. Inside the door to the ladies’, he could hear the sounds of someone retching dramatically, followed by a chorus of soothing voices. He was relieved to count yours among them - he didn’t figure you for the type that couldn’t hold their liquor. He imagined one of the younger friends, the two he hadn’t seen very well in the back seat maybe, had indulged just a bit too much.
    He was calculating these odds still when you emerged from the door, nearly sending him out of his skin. Fuck. You were not supposed to see him here. If you figured out he followed you, it was game over or worse, and he wasn’t about to let you leave him like—
    But then you stumbled slightly in your heels as the door closed behind you, quickly righting yourself and looking sneakily around to see if anyone noticed, and he relaxed a little bit. Okay. So you could hold your liquor better, but even you had your limits. 
    You were walking down the hall with purpose, heading back towards the bar, before you nearly stumbled again over the little plastic ridge where the floor transitioned from one kind of tile to another. As close as he was and unable to help himself, Maxi acted again without thinking: he leaned forward, catching you carefully by the elbow.
    “Honey, you—“ he paused, realizing his mistake before the sentence was out. He cleared his throat, trying to cover up his accent as best he could. “You okay?”
    “M’fine, thanks,” you said waving him off. You didn’t look at his face - another gift from the universe tonight. “I have to go get water for my friend. She’s sick.”
    “I— okay,” Maxi said, still making a point to keep his head down so his hair was in his eyes. “You want help with that?”
    You stood up straight, about to tell him off, he guessed - which was kind of cute, he wasn’t going to lie - when you seemed to think about it. “…Yeah, actually. C’mon, tall guy.” You grabbed his arm, weaving through the crowd a bit counter-intuitively as you went. Finally, Maxi had to shift his grip to your shoulder, steering you through gently despite you thinking you were leading him. 
    When you reached the bar together, he flagged down the bartender, letting you lean for a moment against the cool counter.
    “You want some too?” He asked, leaning down to speak into your ear.
    “M’good, m’okay,” you said, waving a hand again. 
    “I don’t know,” Maxi said, trying not to smile. “I think it might help.”
    “Look,” you said, turning to him and holding up a finger now. “You’re sweet, but I got this.”
    “You sure? I was gonna get some,” Maxi said quickly, changing tactics. “It’s crazy warm in here, right?”
    “…Okay, fine,” you said, relenting. “Wouldn’t kill me.”
    Maxi had to resist the urge to laugh, biting down hard on his cheek and leaning over to talk to the bar staff who finally walked over. They came back with three plastic cups of water, and Maxi carefully pushed one into your hands. “You got it?”
    You knocked back the whole cup as if to prove a point before setting it down on the bar. “You always like this?”
    Maxi shrugged, taking a sip of his own. “Maybe.”
    “Look, honey,” you said, setting a hand on the bar like you meant business. “You’re cute,” you blinked dazedly up at him. “But I already got someone to take care of me, okay? And he, like. He does a really good job.”
    Maxi had to take another drink of water to hide his grin, hoping you couldn’t see the way he was turning slightly pink. “Okay.”
    “And he’s- he’s really cute, like super weird but super cute,” you said, going on. “And if anything, I should probably go home because I miss him. Like, an absurd amount. It’s kinda sad.”
    “I’m sure he misses you too,” Maxi agreed, angling his head down so you wouldn’t see him trying so hard not to laugh.
    “…I’m pretty sure I’m in love with him, y’know,” you said, leaning over as if he were a co-conspirator in a grand plot, and Maxi about choked on his water in surprise. “Like, okay, he’s so fucking sweet, I just keep waiting for the other shoe to drop, but he’s also hot, so like, so what if it does, right? Whatever, I’ll live, he can like feet or whatever it is he’s not telling me. Now, my friend Pavi- she’s not the one who threw up, that’s Sky,” you said, going on like you hadn’t just admitted this massive thing. “They’re just like that. But my friend Pavi, she’s really cute, you should ask her if she needs someone to get her water and stuff.”
    Maxi listened to all this with the expression of someone who had Wii menu music playing in their brain, trying to figure out exactly how to process everything you just said. What he was hiding was… arguably worse than having a foot fetish, he would say. Mostly. But you also said you were in love with him, and wasn’t that what mattered, really?
    You guys could totally make this work, right? Blood curse be damned?
    Realizing he hadn’t said anything yet, he quickly cleared his throat again. “Aren’t you taking some water back to Sky?” he prompted gently, gesturing to the third cup.
    “…Yes. You’re right. Good call, Tall Guy,” you said, nodding seriously. 
    “You want me to carry it for you?” He asked, glancing down at your heels with mild concern.
    “…Probably also a good idea,” you agreed, thinking about it like it was a serious strategic decision. “Come on, we should go.” You tugged at his hoodie sleeve, and he had just enough time to grab the water in question before once again gently steering you across the crowded room.
    You reached the hallway with no incident, and he paused, carefully turning you so he could put the plastic cup in your hands. “Here you go.”
    “Thanks. And don’t worry,” you said, reaching up to pat his shoulder with your free hand. “You’ll find your own funeral director one day. I believe in you. You’re cute.” You nodded with certainty, and he couldn’t help but smile.
    “…Thanks, hon,” he said, patting your shoulder in return. “You should probably take that to your friend now. And maybe ask whoever’s driving to get you some gatorade or somethin’ on the way home.”
    You turned, heading to the door and kicking it open with the toe of your boot. “I got it!” You called, raising it high as you stepped inside. Maxi winced, hoping it didn’t spill, but the chorus of whooping - including one very weak one he assumed was from Sky - reassured him somewhat. Turning, he made his way across the floor for the final time, going to take up his post in the parking lot.
    He should have remembered his own strategy. He might have seen a familiar set of eyes watching him from the far end of the bar as he left.
    -
    Maxi waited in his car with the headlights off until he saw your group heading into the parking lot. The Mom friend was bringing up the rear, clearly the designated driver for the evening, and you and a young woman with black hair (Pavi, he guessed) were supporting a young person with green hair - Sky, he assumed - between the two of you. Em was leading the way, unlocking the car door and herding everyone into the back of the car before hopping in the passenger seat. Once the Mom friend was in the driver’s seat and passed the keys, the car came to life, pulled out, and drove off.
    Ignoring the disembodied grumbling and complaining now coming from the back seat, Maxi flipped his headlights on and followed.
    You were about halfway to his place when he saw the Mom friend pull over at a gas station, a few of you filing out to follow her inside. Perfect. He’d take the delay, it would give him enough time to get home and get situated before you showed up.
    Sure enough, his phone buzzed where he’d tossed it on the dash. He waited for the next red light to check it, smiling a little when he saw your name:
    <[ hey babe! we’re heading back - is it too late for me to swing by yours? x]
    Checking the light again, he hastily texted back:
    [ not at all :) just lmk when you’re close x]>
    He figured at this rate, he had about fifteen, maybe twenty minutes to get home and put everything back the way it should be if he’d actually spent a night in. Hopefully more, if you and your friends were taking your time getting drunk snacks.
    “…Oh, do shut up,” he sighed, his eyes flickering to the empty rearview mirror. “You don’t stop bein’ dead if you bitch about it enough, I promise you.”
    He took a backroad home - a hidden path off the interstate you had to know about to see it, through a broken guardrail his father and uncle had cut through a couple of decades ago. Given that this was Louisiana, no one had ever bothered to fix it, which worked just fine for nights like this.
    He pulled the Mustang back into its rightful spot, navigating slowly through the dark overgrown field so he didn’t hit any loitering possums or raccoons, and found himself only in moonlight when he turned the engine off.
    He ignored the outline of a face in the rearview mirror - one he knew, one that didn’t belong to Paul - and got out, popping open the trunk.
    “C’mon, Asshole,” Maxi sighed, heaving Paul out and letting his head hit the ground with a hard thunk. Slamming the trunk door closed, and ignoring still the now empty back seat, he grabbed the corpse by the ankles, dragging them unceremoniously through the grass towards the back garden.
    He walked along in silence for a minute before glancing to his left. “I don’t care.” He continued on for a minute more before tsking impatiently. “Well, if you wanted to pick whose bones we use, you should’ve stayed alive to do so. …Oh, wait,” he said again, giving the empty air next to him an annoyed look. “My bad.”
    He kept walking as he passed through the bushes onto the trimmed part of the back lawn, stopping only to make a shooing motion with his right hand and glaring that way now. “Look, I’m busy,” he said, irritated. “I actually have a life, because I’m actually alive. I will handle dipshit here in the morning, unless you want to skin him yourself.”
    One of Paul’s arms - which had been dragging out to his sides at this point - slowly, hesitatingly seemed to pick itself up off the ground, hovering for a moment before flopping lifelessly back down.
    “Look, I have half a mind to let y’all drag him the rest of the way, so if you’re done—“ Maxi paused mid-sentence, looking down at his pocket when he felt it vibrate. He pulled his phone out, finding a new notification from you.
    <[ hey!! I’m about ten minutes out - Laurie drives like a maniac lmao. this is your warning ;) ]
    “Shit,” Maxi hissed through his teeth. He shoved his phone hurriedly back into his pocket, waving his arm around him as if to disperse a crowd of gnats. “Fuck off, all of you.” Grabbing Paul’s ankles again, he hustled as fast as he could with the dead weight to the loading bay doors, yanking the keys out of his pocket and flipping through them hastily to find the right one for the padlock. “Fuckin’ Christ, whose fuckin’ idea was it to have so many goddamn locks? …No, shut up, that was rhetorical,” he added in a growl, as he at last managed to undo the chain on the door.
    He switched on the light and dragged Paul inside, dead bolting the doors from the inside. He could already hear the growing din from the drain in the middle of the tiled floor, like a chorus of monks with their mouths sewn shut.
    “Alright, alright, hold on,” he grumbled, dragging the body roughly over to the drain. Leaning down, his fingers found grooves in the column of tile on either side, lifting the heavy grate away to reveal a solid steel chute just wide enough for an average man’s shoulders. 
    He sighed, standing up straight and grabbing a scalpel off the clean prep table. “Here I offer this consecration in the name of our sacred oath, forever faithful, etcetera etcetera, you know the rest,” he said, all in one breath. He pricked the pad of his thumb with the scalpel, pressing on it so a healthy few drops of blood dropped down into the chute. “In this we forever serve, servatis a periculum servatis a maleficum, here ya go.” He stepped over Paul to shove him hastily into the shoot, groaning when his shoulders fit awkwardly into the vent. “Oh, fuckin’ come on, you! Protein! Shake-suckin’! Sumbitch!” he snarled, punctuating each word with a harsh stomp onto Paul’s clavicle. With a little extra force behind the last one, the bone snapped, and the corpse’s shoulder awkwardly caved in on itself. With a sad wet dragging sound, Paul slid squeakily down the tube, his sightless eyes and open mouth still gawking up at Maxi as he disappeared down into the darkness.
    For a moment, Maxi bent over, putting his hands on his knees to catch his breath. “Goddamn, one of these days I’m really gonna start dissolvin’ ‘em in barrels,” he sighed heavily. He checked his phone again, calculating he maybe had about four minutes until you showed up at his door. “Fuck.” Sliding the grate back into place with his foot until it clanked closed, he shoved the scalpel without thinking into the waistband of his boxers, then ran up the stairs and switched the lights off behind him right as the chorus of muffled humming turned into the sound of chewing.
    He sprinted up and into the kitchen, dropping the keys into a dish and grabbing the can of salt next to it. He sprinted through the living room, tossing salt into the corners of rooms as he went, and tore up another flight of stairs, bursting into the bathroom on the second floor. Hurriedly, he kicked off the boots, hastily ditched the hoodie into a hamper, and grabbed the eyeliner pencil off the shelf under the medicine cabinet. Jacket - Trunk, he wrote on the mirror, before about clawing out his contacts (and whimpering quietly the whole time) to swap for his glasses. He skidded into his old bedroom, shedding the jeans and faintly bloody t-shirt to switch for a pair of clean gray sweatpants and a black henley. He ran back into the bathroom, replacing the salt ring he’d just slid through with salt from the kitchen can, and hurried out into the hall to toss some down towards Aurore’s room. “Stay there and hush,” he said warningly, and at the end of the hall, something hissed back.
    He took the stairs two at a time, now barefoot, and ran straight for the living room. He about threw himself to the floor, sprinkling a circle of it underneath the perimeter old couch, before stashing the can underneath it as well and pulling himself up onto the cushions so he was laying across them. He just had time to flip on the tv to a cable showing of Carrie when he heard the key in the lock.
    “Bye, y’all!” You called from the door, followed by the sound of blowing kisses. “Text you later!” He only let himself breathe when the door closed behind you, hearing you lean back against it and exhale softly.
    He heard you kick off your heels by the door, then the sound of your padding feet as you crept towards the living room. When you poked your head around the corner, he sat up slightly, smiling. “Well hey there, gorgeous.”
    “Hey yourself,” you said, returning his smile. You looked better, definitely more sober than he’d seen you earlier. Then he spotted the huge, half-empty bottle of sports drink in your right hand, and had to fight a laugh - at least you’d taken his advice. You glanced towards the television. “Ooh, the Sissy Spacek one.”
    “A classic,” he agreed. He reached up with an arm, beckoning you over. “Y’all have fun?”
    “Mmhm. Well, until Sky got sick,” you added, crossing the living room and setting the bottle on a coaster before you joined him on the couch. You stretched out next to him, and he pulled you onto his chest, kissing the top of your head again as your legs intertwined with his.
    “That sucks,” he said sympathetically. “Sky okay?”
    “Yeah, they just go too hard sometimes. They’ll be fine in the morning, Laurie’s letting them crash at hers to be safe.” You nuzzled against his chest for a moment, getting comfortable before you glanced up at him. “What’d you get up to?”
    “Oh, the usual. Dead people in my basement.” Maxi shrugged, smiling again as you giggled.
    “I meant what’d you do to relax?” you said, sitting up slightly to kiss the end of his nose. “You work too hard, babe, I don’t want you burning out on me in five years and going crazy.”
    “I could never burn out on you, darlin’,” Maxi teased, kissing your cheek. You rolled your eyes. 
    “Whatever, you know what I mean,” you said, still grinning. “Let’s at least get dinner tomorrow, okay? Go see a movie, or take a walk through the cemetery? You need to get out a little.” You reached up, your hands smoothing over the soft fabric of his t-shirt. “You’re all tense in your shoulders.”
    “Hmm,” Maxi pretended to think about it, his eyes moving to your lips and back. “Doesn’t sound too bad. Company aside.” He grinned slyly, and you softly swatted his shoulder. 
    “Wow, okay,” you said, pretending to be offended. “I’ll just find someone else to chaperone me through the tombstones, then.” You made to get up, but Maxi pulled you back down to the couch. You squeaked in surprise as he held you down against him with a steel grip, giggling again as he nipped playfully at your collarbone. He only paused when he felt something metal in the waistband of your skirt. 
    He pulled back slightly, looking from your hips to you with a frown. “Baby?”
    “Um,” you blinked, suddenly sheepish. Slowly, you reached between the two of you, pulling the hilt of your folding knife out from where it had been resting against your skin. 
    Maxi’s eyes went slowly from the knife to you and back, maintaining a facade of surprise. “…Wasn’t that in your purse?”
    “Yeah,” you agreed, still looking shy. “I kinda… needed it, though, at one point. Don’t freak out,” you said quickly, holding up your free hand as he opened his mouth. “Everything was cool, some dude was just getting handsy.”
    “Are you okay?” Maxi asked, and this was genuine - he hadn’t gotten to talk to you after, he’d been so busy dealing with the problem outside.
    “Oh, totally,” you said, rolling your eyes slightly. “It’s not my first time… with a guy being a creep, that is.” You paused, looking uncertain.
    Maxi had to relax his hand out of the fist it curled into at your back. The idea of other men being just as disgusting as Paul made his blood boil, but you were here now. “So what’s wrong, sugar?”
    You sat up now, nervously running a hand over your hair. “…You’re going to think I’m batshit,” you said quietly. “And maybe I was, I dunno.”
    “I’m sure I won’t, babydoll,” Maxi said, sitting up with you so you stayed in his lap. “Just tell me what happened, okay?”
    You took a deep breath. “…So I was kinda tipsy,” you said, hedging. “But like… I threatened that dude. Who was being creepy.” You nodded to the knife in your hand. “With that.”
    Oh, god, he’d forgotten all about this. Maxi took a breath as subtly as he could, trying to keep his face neutral. “…Okay,” he said slowly, looking at you. 
    “I mean,” you said, shrugging. “I just… I didn’t even threaten to stick him anywhere vital,” you said, nervously biting your lip. “And like, I’d never do it, obviously, oh god…” You hesitated. “But…”
    “…But?” Maxi asked, tilting his head out of genuine curiosity. For once, he didn’t know where this was going.
    You let out a long, shaky breath. “…Okay, this is going to sound weird.”
    “We don’t have weird, remember?” Maxi said a little too quickly, shaking his head. “What is it, honey?”
    You hesitated a moment longer, worrying your lip with your teeth before you met his eyes. “…I think I liked it?” you admitted in a whisper.
    Maxi felt a dark bolt of pure want shoot down his spine, his mouth dropping open just slightly in surprise. This, he hadn’t anticipated.
    “I know, I know,” you said quickly, looking kind of scared now when you misread his face. “It’s super weird, and probably kind of fucked up, and like—“
    “Hey,” Maxi said quickly, shushing you as he moved his hands up and down your sides. “Hey, don’t worry about it. It’s not a big deal, baby,” he said, laughing a little. He licked his lips subconsciously, trying to keep himself under control. “I mean, it’s logical, y’know?”
    “I- How?” You asked, your brow wrinkling in confusion.
    Maxi shook his head as he shrugged. “Some creep was threatenin’ you, right? So… you reversed the dynamic.” He kept his eyes on yours. “You took back the power. Hell, I think that makes perfect sense. It doesn’t mean you actually wanna hurt someone, darlin’,” he said soothingly, taking your free hand in one of his. “Brains are… complicated, you know that,” he said with a nod. “Scared and Into It are pretty close together when you actually come down to brass tacks, it’s not uncommon there’s some overlap. I mean, there’s a perfect example,” he said, nodding over your shoulder at the television. Carrie was covered in blood and the gym was on fire, screams of the doomed classmates echoing in the background. 
    You glanced from the television to him, raising an eyebrow. “You wanna cover me in blood and set the house on fire, Morvant?” you teased.
    God, yes. “I’m just sayin’…” Maxi said, doing everything he could not to let on just how much he liked that idea. He bit his lip thoughtfully, looking between you and the knife again as he chose his words. “…Whatever you wanna try with me, gorgeous, I’m here for it.” He met your eyes. “I don’t scare easy, okay? And I’m not going anywhere you don’t want me to.” He squeezed your hand gently in his, smiling up at you. “I’m yours.”
    You blinked, and for a moment, you looked just a touch overwhelmed. Maxi was about to backtrack, wondering if he’d said too much, when you surprised him by leaning forward and kissing him hard. When he realized what was happening, he moved his hands back to your hips again, holding you in his lap as he kissed you back just as ardently. 
    He was enjoying the faint taste of what he was sure was rum on your tongue when you pulled away suddenly, taking a breath. He leaned forward, wanting you back, but you held a hand to his chest, keeping him sitting against the arm of the couch. Slowly, you flipped the knife open, the blade glinting in the changing light of the TV, and as your head tilted slightly to watch his eyes, he straight up forgot how to breathe for a moment. 
    “You tell me as soon as you want out or change your mind,” you said softly. “Okay?”
    “I won’t have to,” Maxi said immediately, his voice almost embarrassingly strained as he realized just how hard he was in the span of a minute.
    This hadn’t escaped your notice, and you smiled wickedly, shifting so you were straddling his hips now. He more than happily seized them, pulling you flush against him - and pausing, realizing you definitely weren’t wearing any underwear under your skirt.
    “You fuckin’ tease,” he breathed, looking up at you.
    You shrugged. “You told me I could come over after,” you said, smirking. “I got rid of them when we were leaving.”
    Maxi gave a low frustrated growl, pulling you roughly against him and moving to kiss you again - before he let you go and backed up, suddenly very aware of the knife blade against his chest.
    “This comes off,” you said quietly, nodding at his shirt, and Maxi immediately moved to shed it, not even caring if it ripped in the process. He held his palms up as he looked at you, waiting for his next instruction - and that’s when you paused, noticing his cut thumb. “Babe,” you said, frowning. “What’d you do?”
    “What? …Oh,” Maxi paused, his brain definitely working on a lag. He shook his head. “Nothin’. Wasn’t paying attention, that’s all.”
    “Maxi,” you scolded lightly, and he watched as you pulled his hand close to you with your free one, examining it. “You gotta be more careful, baby.” You glanced at him for a moment as you slowly ran your tongue up his thumb, licking the reopened cut. “I need you in one piece, okay?”
    Maxi swallowed hard, fighting every urge to flip you underneath him and fuck you senseless. “Okay, gorgeous,” he murmured, barely aware he was speaking as you sucked hard on the digit. For a moment, he wondered if maybe you enjoyed the taste of blood a little more than you had let on originally. He’d have to find a way to test that.
    You finally released it with a soft pop of your lips, glistening in the low light with your own saliva, and he felt his cock flex beneath your plentiful thighs. “Patience, handsome,” you murmured, smirking a little as you settled the flat of the blade against the center of his chest. You both watched as you carefully turned it on its edge, lightly tracing a straight line down through his chest hair to rest just at the base of his rib cage. 
    He glanced up at you, barely breathing still, and you looked like you were deciding something. “I’m going to get up,” you said quietly, tapping where his chest met his stomach with the tip of the blade. “And when I sit back down I want you on your knees, okay?”
    Maxi nodded wordlessly, and when you rose, he slid from the couch directly to the floor, doing his best to ignore how achingly stiff he was under the soft fabric of the sweatpants as you took your place on the couch like a queen. You looked at him, resting your chin on your hand as you twirled the knife absently in your fingers of the other, and he had to fight not to wince as he worried about whether or not you would cut yourself. You stilled the knife, gently bringing the flat of the blade against his cheek, and used the pressure to redirect his gaze to yours. With a lascivious smile, you spread your legs, and without further bidding, he took his place between your knees.
    He shoved the fabric of your skirt back as he pulled your hips to the edge of the couch, glancing up at you. Your eyes were wide, and for a moment you must have forgotten yourself, clearly enjoying the sight of him in front of you. “…Oh, right,” you said when it clicked back into place, and you carefully held the flat of the knife to the side of his neck.
    “Roll it,” Maxi whispered hoarsely.
    You blinked, surprised. “What?”
    Maxi lifted his hand away from your thigh for a moment, reaching next to him and turning it so the sharp edge of it was against the side of his neck, just within range of his jugular vein. 
    You shifted, looking uncertain. “Are you sure? I don’t wanna actually—“
    “I’ll be fine,” he said, winking at you. “Just trust me, babydoll, okay?”
    You paused, hesitating a moment before nodding slowly. “Okay.”
    Enjoying the slight pull of the steel against the skin of his neck, Maxi leaned forward, licking a long, slow stripe up your already wet slit. He smiled a little as he heard your hiss through your teeth, your hips rolling slightly against his mouth as he bore down like a man starved. The tip of his tongue traveled the length of your folds, finding every part of you, before he sucked softly on your clit and he heard you whine. His hands seized your hips to pull you harder against his face, the edge of the knife stubbornly present as as he continued his onslaught of attention there. Between his tongue and your growing slick, the sound soon bordered on obscene, and he couldn’t help but smirk to himself as he felt the knife begin to shake lightly in your grasp. Your free hand tangled hard in his hair, pulling hard as you held him against you, and you felt heat spread to the ends of your veins as he doubled down. When his tongue pushed inside you and he began fucking you as best he could with its heat, he listened to your whine grow to a moan, and finally to pleading. 
    “Maxi, please, please don’t stop, fuck, I really think I’m gonna come all over your face, god—“
    He pulled his tongue from you to drag it slowly, agonizingly across your clit again, and as you arched hard against the back of the couch, the knife was cold against his skin as he greedily took the warmth that flooded from your cunt. He glanced up when your hips shied away from him at last, licking his lips as you stared sightlessly at the ceiling. 
    “You okay, sweetheart?” He asked, feigning innocence as he leaned his cheek on your thigh. 
    “Oh, fuck off, Maxi,” you said, unable to help a smile even as strained as your voice was. He laughed, the sound dark now to match how hungry he was for you. 
    He climbed up onto the couch, pulling you underneath him as he stretched out across it. When he kissed you, you licked softly at his tongue, eager to taste yourself from his mouth. His hips rocked against yours through your clothes, desperately seeking friction - but he suddenly inhaled through his teeth, feeling something sharp dig against his hip bone.
    “Shit, are you okay?” You sat up immediately, your eyes clear again in their worry. “I’m so sorry, honey, I thought I wasn’t touching you—“
    “It’s not you,” he said quickly, holding up a hand. He met your eyes, trying to reassure you. “It’s not you, baby, you’re okay. You didn’t get me, I’m fine,” he soothed, and took a deep breath, gesturing for you to take one as well. When you had relaxed, seeing he was, in fact, fine, he frowned in annoyance down at his waistband. “It was me, my stupid ass got me,” he muttered. He reached down, pulling out the scalpel he’d hastily shoved there earlier when he’d run up from the basement. Investigating with his other hand, he pulled up only a trace of blood, the scalpel’s mark thankfully just a scratch.
    He looked back to you to find you looking concernedly between him and the scalpel. “Shit, you really got distracted today, huh?”
    Maxi blinked, confused for a second before he remembered what he told you earlier. “Yeah, uh.” He looked back down at the scalpel before looking at you with a shy grin. “Had a sudden one, an unexpected, um. Late arrival. Kinda put me out of sorts.”
    “…Oh.” He held his breath, doing his best not to visibly exhale when you shrugged and accepted his story. As he went to set aside the scalpel, he paused, realizing you were still looking at it intently. Your eyes shifted to his face.  “Did… did you want a turn, babe?” you asked, and he was about demure - no, gorgeous, of course not - when he saw just how your pupils expanded at the idea. 
    He paused, considering. It wasn’t like it hadn’t crossed his mind… of course it had. As soon as he’d seen your perfect throat underneath his hand the first time, he’d dreamed of how it would look adorned by the glint of a knife’s edge. But he had tried so hard to be careful with you, to treat you as the delicate creature that you were compared to something like him. He had fought this entire time to keep you safely away from the parts of him that needed viscera and bone like rain and soil.
    …But it was your idea, after all. And who was he to deny his precious what they wanted?
    “Are you sure, darlin’?” He asked, trying to keep his face in check. He took your chin in his hand, tilting his head so your eyes were on his and not on the scalpel. “We don’t have to if you don’t want to,” he said. “I promise. I understand if this… feels different, doin’ it this way.” He smiled, trying to be reassuring. “This doesn’t have to be perfectly reciprocal. I’d understand.”
    But your gaze traveled back to the blade as you pondered this, and the moment your sweet little pink tongue swept subconsciously across your lower lip, everything in him ached with need “No, I know, but it’s okay,” you said softly, looking up at him through your lashes. “I trust you. And I think… I think I kind of… do? Want you to, I mean.” You bit your lip. “Is that okay with you?”
    Was blood in the water okay with the shark?
    “Of course it’s okay with me,” he whispered. “Of course it is.” His free hand cupped your cheek, stroking it adoringly with his fingertips before sliding down to your neck. Tightening his thumb and index finger very lightly over your carotid and jugular, he pushed you slowly down to lay flat on the couch, settling his hips between your thighs. He bit his lip when he felt you squirm against his length, already trying to seek friction for yourself.
    He brought the scalpel to the hollow at the base of your throat, letting the point rest there with feather-like pressure. “Now gorgeous” he said, his voice low. “You have to stay still when I tell you to, okay?”
    “Yeah,” you nodded, already a little breathless from where his hand rested. 
    “I mean it,” he said softly, and you felt the pressure of the blade increase slightly as he traced from the base of your throat down to the neckline of your top. “I can do this, but I need you to listen to Daddy so you don’t get hurt.”
    You twitched, and he could tell you were having to fight to hold still already. “Ahuh.” You nodded again, and he felt you swallow beneath his palm. “Okay, baby.” You paused for a moment, glancing to where you’d set your knife on the coffee table when you’d thought Maxi was hurt. “Um. Do you wanna use yours or mine?”
    Maxi felt himself grin freely at last, twirling the scalpel adroitly between his fingers. “Mine.” He leaned down, kissing your forehead and then the corner of your mouth, his knife resting against the fabric of the camisole. “Now be a good girl for me.”
    You gasped softly as he flicked his hand expertly down, splitting the fabric down the middle so it fell uselessly to the cushion below you. Maxi arched a brow again, finding no bra beneath. “Well, you were dead set on misbehavin’ tonight, weren’t you, pretty?” He glanced back up at you, relishing your somewhat sheepish expression. “Ah-ah, no,” he scolded gently, noticing your arms subconsciously move as if to cover yourself. He lifted his hand from your neck to gather your wrists, pinning them above your head. “Those are mine, fair and square.” He moved down, taking one of your nipples in his mouth and sucking hard enough to make you moan. You were trying to arch under him, but coming up against the point of the scalpel where he kept it against your sternum, and he relished the feeling of you caught between your instincts and his steel. He bit the flesh of your unattended breast to bruise, like it was the sweetest fruit he ever tasted, and your heartbeat fluttering in his teeth nearly made his eyes roll back in combination with your soft cry.
    He let go, kissing and laving his tongue on the imprints of his bite left over your heart, and kissed his way back up to your panting mouth. As his tongue traced where you’d bitten the inside your cheek earlier, trying to contain yourself when he devoured you, the scalpel moved slowly down the curve of your bare side, circling lightly on the skin of your hip as he took his time with you. He set the blade gently over the waistband of your skirt, hesitating only a moment before he cut through that as well to leave you completely bare beneath him.
    “Honestly, baby,” he drawled, pulling away to admire you pinned beneath him. “I need to get you some clothes made of sturdier stuff. These just fall off like nothin’.”
    “Or you could just keep making them fall off,” you said, with a shrug and a wicked smile of your own. “I’m enjoying it so far.” You paused, and for a moment he was a little concerned why suddenly you were studying him so intensely. Did you remember earlier? Did you realize you’d seen him tonight? 
    Slowly, you reached up, lifting his glasses away to set them on the coffee table. “…Maxi, are you wearing eyeliner?” 
    Oh. Right. “Uh.” Maxi paused now - it had never occurred to him if you’d actually like this or not. You had your own unique relationship with gender, of course, but he hadn’t really considered how it would be received if you saw him in this. “…Yes?” he said at last, as if uncertain.
    To his relief, you giggled, and your pupils were somehow even more nebulous than before. “It looks good.”
    “Yeah?” His smile was slightly shy now. Huh. He hadn’t considered actually looking good in it. Good to know.
    You nodded. “Oh yeah, babe. You should definitely wear it more often.”
    “And you’re not just sayin’ that because I’ve got you at knifepoint?” Maxi teased, watching you gasp and shiver as he traced the scalpel’s edge up the skin of your now bare hip. 
    “No-oh,” you said, your voice twisting into a moan in the most delicious way as he curled it along where he knew the edge of your pelvic bone would be. “No, Daddy,” you managed, and he half-groaned, half-growled, kissing you hard again. He only pulled away to put the scalpel between his teeth, hastily shedding the rest of his clothes so his skin could be completely flush with yours, unencumbered. He pulled the knife out of his mouth so quickly he nicked his own lower lip, pulling away slightly with an annoyed hiss. 
    He pressed his fingers to the skin, finding just a drop of blood there, but not much to the actual wound. What distracted him wasn’t the sharp feeling of separated skin, but the way your eyes were suddenly watching this with a particularly intense interest.
    He held still, curious to see what you would do. You didn’t disappoint - sitting up yourself, you took his hand gently in both of yours, pulling it back towards you. After studying the drops of blood for a moment, you locked eyes with him, again kitten-licking it off the tips of his fingers. Maxi let out a shaky breath, unable to help himself as your tongue swirled over them until they were clean. With a careful hand, he cupped the back of your head, watching your eyes as he closed the space between you - before kissing you, open-mouthed and feeling his blood smear against your lips and tasting it on your tongue. It was the way you moaned, coming to grip his shoulders with your fingernails digging into skin, that about pushed him over the edge.
    He fell with you back to the couch, his hand carefully resting your head against the cushion even as his hips pushed hard against yours. The two of you couldn’t help but groan at the friction, and impatiently you reached between the pair of you, guiding him to your entrance.
    “Please, Daddy?” you whined, and that was enough. His free hand settled over your throat again to pin you down as he pushed inside you.
    You forgot the scalpel entirely, your hips rising to meet his, and not wanting to discourage you, he set it on the floor, his now-free hand tangling in your hair. “Okay, pretty baby?”
    “Mmhm,” you nodded, your eyes still squeezed shut as he felt you adjusting around his considerable length. He pushed further inside you with a grunt, and you gasped, your nails raking down his back. 
    “Fuck, baby.” He was near breathless himself, feeling like your heat might very well be the thing that broke him. His hands skimmed along the curve of your breasts and down your sides, fingertips ghosting over your thighs before they came back to rest at your hips. “You feel perfect, you know that? God,” he gave an experimental thrust, grinning as your hips moved against his. “Look at you, being a good girl and takin’ it all.” He pulled back just enough to feel the velvet slip of your walls before snapping his hips, watching your eyes roll back and your mouth fall open.
    “More,” was your only response, and he smiled as he lowered his mouth to your clavicle.
    He kept you against him with little room to move as he fucked you, one hand sliding under your back as if to press you closer, the other again finding its way to your hair to hold you down. The pace he set was hard, ruthless, but he kissed every bruise he left on your collarbone as you matched his rhythm. 
    “Maxi, Daddy,” you whined, and he growled as you left new stripes down his back. “Fuck, I’m full, you’re so much, please, please more.” You were aching, feeling crushed between the sensation of him filling you with his cock and the sting of his teeth, overwhelmed but still desperate for more. You felt every inch of him, the heat and wet of your cunt, and an unfamiliar sensation as his hipbone grazed your hip - something else warm, slightly sticky. You looked down between you, seeing the spot where he’d cut himself earlier re-opened. With every thrust, the cut smeared across your skin, painting you with him. You watched, strangely hypnotized by the spreading red.
    Maxi didn’t realize what you were seeing at first, only looking up from nipping at your pulse when he felt it somehow speed up even more. He saw your entranced expression first before looking down to see exactly what you were looking at - and felt his own breath catch in his throat. He looked from the wound to you, your wide eyes and your slightly parted lips, and in that instant, he felt like a man possessed.
    He kissed you fiercely, fucking you harder still and reaching down between you to press two fingers to your oversensitive clit. He swallowed your moans, his fingers matching his pace until you broke away, your name on his lips like an insensate prayer. You came with a scream that stretched into silence, shuddering hard against him as your orgasm crashed over you like a tidal wave.
    He watched your face, transfixed, his hips moving more erratically as he fucked you through the entirety of your release, only coming himself when the sounds of skin and slick and your cries overwhelmed him. He kissed you hard as he filled you, his hands gripping your hips hard enough to bruise as he felt you take everything he gave.
    Both of you sweaty and panting, he laid his cheek against your breast, closing his eyes as he felt your heart racing underneath like a caged bird. You ran your fingers softly over the marks you’d left on him before wrapping your arms around his shoulders, hugging him to you and kissing the top of his head. The two of you lay there in the quiet for a moment, only the crickets outside to accompany your slowing breathing as you came back down to earth together.
    Maxi heard your voice, soft and almost distant, and he curled himself around you with a hum. “Sorry, gorgeous. Distracted again. What’s that?”
    You laughed, and he smiled at the feeling of you moving beneath him. “I said I love you, Maxi.”
    He sat up at this, blinking at you before reaching over the side of the couch, trying to find his glasses. After a minute’s fumbling and him still watching your face, refusing to look away lest he miss some crucial change of your expression, you reached over to where you’d set them, handing them to him with a smile. 
    When he put them on, he saw clearly your smile was shy, your eyes still dark from your shared high. “I know you’re, um. Maybe supposed to wait until you’re more clear-headed, to say something like that,” you said quietly, nervously moving your hair away from your face. “But… it’s true.” You bit your lip, shrugging slightly. “I love you.”
    He blinked again, whispering your name like he was in a dream as he cupped a hand to your face. You leaned into his palm, your smile widening as he leaned up to kiss you. When he at last pulled away, his eyes were wide, adoring. “I love you.” He kissed your cheek, your temple, hugging you tightly to him. “God, I love you.”
    “I mean, I thought so,” you teased, kissing him back. “You’ve been awful sweet to me not to.” You kissed the corner of his mouth before you paused, looking to the fabric beneath the pair of you with the slightest frown. “…Especially because I think we just ruined your couch.”
    “Do what?” Maxi, still light-headed for multiple reasons, looked at you with a dazed smile… only to follow your gaze, finding the couch was, indeed, rather the worse for wear. Despite the minimal amount of wounds between the two of you, the cushions looked like someone had died there with all the blood smeared on them. Not died of a central deep stab wound, mind - all the blood was too light for that right now - but maybe like someone lost a fight with a very small and persistent letter opener.
    “Oh.” He paused, blinking at the sight. “I… hm.” He pursed his lips in thought. “I can usually get blood out of fabric pretty easy. But…” he looked over the length of the couch, considering. “This might be a little trickier.”
    “Fuck, baby, I’m sorry,” you said, bringing a hand to your mouth. 
    “No, no, hey,” Maxi said, waving a hand before taking yours and pressing it to his lips. “It’s fine. It’s a couch. I’ve been meanin’ to get a new one anyway.”
    “So it’s not, like, an antique family heirloom or anything?” You asked, glancing nervously down at it again.
    “Nah, pretty sure my folks just picked it out when they took over the house from my dad’s folks.” Maxi said, shrugging. “All the really antique shit is in the attic gatherin’ dust, I’m pretty sure.”
    “Oh, thank god,” you breathed, smiling a little. “I mean,” you added thoughtfully. “If you want help getting some stuff out of storage, I can be bribed—“
    “No,” said Maxi, just a touch too quickly. He paused, backtracking. “I just— there’s no point,” he said, gesturing vaguely to the ceiling. “Whatever’s up there can stay up there for the raccoons, it’s not anything for havin’ people over.”
    “Or having people on?” You raised an eyebrow, smirking.
    “Hush, you,” Maxi stuck out his tongue at you, leading you to stick yours out in return, and the two of you went back and forth like this before you both broke laughing. 
    “I’m just sayin’,” he said, once the two of you had composed yourselves again. “I’m not worried about it, so you don’t need to. We can always go to Ikea or somethin’.”
    “Oh, so it’s one ‘I love you’ and suddenly I’m getting roped into Ikea trips?” You grinned. “Damn, you’re easy.’
    “I just think if you helped ruin the couch, you can at least help me pick out the replacement. It’s only fair.” He leaned forward, kissing your cheek again before whispering in your ear. “Especially if you’re gonna help me ruin the next one.”
    “Oh my god, Maxi,” you giggled, but it turned into a small yawn. “Sorry,” you said quickly, but he shook his head, kissing the end of your nose.
    “You’re fine, baby,” he murmured, running a hand over your hair. “Let’s go get you cleaned up so we don’t ruin my sheets too, hm?”
    He scooped you into his arms without warning, and you laughed as he headed for the stairs. 
    “You know, babe, we should really consider fixing the bathroom on the second floor,” you said, kissing his temple as he headed for the third. “It might be easier on your back in the long run.”
    “I’ve been meanin’ to get around to it,” Maxi said absently, pointedly not looking down the hallway as you passed it. He only let you down when you were safely on the third floor, gently putting you in front of the master bedroom door. “You go get the water runnin’, I’m gonna grab you somethin’ to sleep in.”
    “Don’t keep me waiting, Monsiuer,” you winked, before slipping off to the master bath.
    Maxi watched you go before turning to glance at the staircase, warily eyeing the darkness there before closing the master bedroom door behind the pair of you. The click of the lock seemed to echo through the still hallway.
    The House would be satisfied for a while, at least.
  

  
  
     
  

  
    Your skin was so soft, in the light of your mirror. The way it made you glow softly was so different than the fluorescent lights in his basement workroom - so much kinder. You were no imitation of being alive. You were the real deal.
    And you were his, and it still felt like a dream.
    Maxi was sitting on your bed, his work shirt unbuttoned one or two down and his tie loose around his neck, with one of your many plushies resting in his crossed legs as he watched you putting on your makeup for your night out with your friends. Every brush of powder, carefully applied trace of black liner or lip paint fascinated him. He knew what it meant to recreate a face for the sake of a guest of honor’s loved ones, trying to conjure the image of someone who would never again look like they remembered - and was already so removed from that likeness, even in the early stages of death. But it had been ages since he’d watched someone put on their own face, crafting for the eyes of others the version of them that existed in their own mind. This was your face as you saw it, and he would know every face of yours. His eyes only left your reflection to wander over the surface of your vanity table, taking in the curated collection of bottles, pots of pigment, and an array of pencils and crayons of various products. His eyes had just landed on an unopened pencil of black, still in the plastic, when—
    “Baby,” you said, as if for the second time, and he sat up slightly, not realizing his chin had been resting in the soft animal’s head. You turned to look at him in your chair, and the familiar feeling in his chest flared to life: the frisson of nerves whenever he smelled your perfume or felt your warm hand brush his cool one. “You didn’t hear a word I just said, did you?”
    “Sorry, darlin’,” he said, smiling sheepishly. “I guess I was distracted.”
    “That’s what I was talking about,” you giggled, shaking your head. “I’ve never had a boyfriend so keen on watching me put on makeup before.”
    Boyfriend. It wasn’t his favorite word - he wanted a stronger one, one that implied the permanence with which he viewed you - but it meant he was yours, so he’d accept it. For now. He shrugged slightly, his shy smile still in place. “I guess… it’s different for me, I guess,” he said. “I spend a lot of time putting the makeup on people who need it for other people to be able to say goodbye. It’s interestin’ to watch someone put it on themselves to go have fun.”
    You paused, your eyes slightly distant as you considered this - he loved that about you, how seriously you seemed to take everything about his job. He’d been doing this for more than half his life now, it was all old hat to him… but it was like everything he said to you had a resonance he didn’t even realize. You looked back to him, your lips pursed thoughtfully, but he was distracted again by the blood red paint you’d carefully stained them with. For a moment, his mind was caught up in the memory of what yours tasted like, smeared between your mouths, and the way you whined low in his ear when his fingers dug into your luscious hips hard enough to bruise—
    “Weird question,” you said at last, and he was snapped hard back to the present.
    “You know we don’t have those, sugar,” he said, giving you a sly wink. With his line of work and your morbid curiosity, you two spent an amount of time discussing the intricacies of other people’s anatomy that would be somewhat alarming in any other circumstances. “Shoot.”
    “So, not to sound conceited, but…you’re not sizing me up for inspiration, are you?” You asked, raising an eyebrow. 
    “Was it that obvious?” Maxi asked, raising one in return just to make you laugh again. “Clearly,” he said, setting your stuffed alligator aside and getting to his feet. “You are the first authority I’d turn to on the latest eyeliner trends for departed octogenarians.” 
    “Gotta make sure Gramma’s wings are sharp if she’s going to meet the lord,” you said, fighting desperately to keep a straight face and failing.
    “Sharp enough to keep the Devil on his toes,” Maxi agreed with his best solemn church face, causing you to break and laugh. He set his hands on your shoulders - left mostly bare by the dark silk top you were wearing - and kiss the top of your head, careful not to muss your hard work with your styling tools. He looked up, his thumbs tracing over the skin beneath them as he met your eyes in your mirror. “You look beautiful.”
    “Aw. Thanks, babe.” You looked away when he said this, still, as if you couldn’t quite accept it yet. It frustrated him just slightly; he spent so much time staring at the empty remnants of humanity, had seen so many people reduced only to their flesh - he thought if anything that would make him a better authority than most. In a weird way, he knew you would still look just as breath-catchingly lovely if you ended up on his table. Not that he’d ever phrase it like that, of course. He wondered, briefly, if you looked away because someone else had ever told you otherwise. The thought made him see a flash of light off the blade of his favorite bone saw.
    “Really,” he said simply, squeezing your shoulders so you looked back at him. He gave you a sly smile. “I’m gonna get a slew of calls about heart attacks in whatever room you and your friends walk into tonight, just you wait. Pickup van won’t be able to hold ‘em all.”
    “Thank you, sweetheart,” you said, your smile widening at his unique brand of emotional support. “Always happy to help with business.”
    Maxi hummed appreciatively, standing back so he was out of the range of your setting spray. Before you went to stand, he put a hand gently back on your shoulder to keep you still. “If I might offer a suggestion?”
    “I’m all ears,” you said, looking to him with a curious expression.
    Maxi reached into the pocket of his suit pants with his free hand, carefully bringing out a black box. “Now, you can veto this tonight if you don’t think it goes,” he said quietly. “But I saw it and I thought of you.”
    “Maxi! You didn’t have to, you big marshmallow.” You beamed, taking it gently from him and opening the box. “I’m sure I’ll love it.”
    He shrugged, smiling amusedly. It took so little, relatively, to make you happy. He watched as your smile turned into an excited grin, taking out the necklace to examine it in the light: a pewter chain, suspending the small feathered wingtips of a grinning death’s head in the middle. “Babe,” you looked up at him, touched. “This is adorable! This symbol is, what, eighteenth century?”
    “Seventeenth,” Maxi said, feeling himself grin. You’d already been into cemetery iconography when he met you, luckily - having someone to bond over the lesser appreciated parts of it felt like being properly seen for the first time in a long time. “Now like I said, if you don’t think it works with what you have on-“
    “No, hush, I’m never taking this off,” you giggled, moving to put it on. You only paused when Maxi moved forward out of instinct, catching your eye in the mirror again when he hesitated. “…Care to help me, sir?” Your smile was the sly one, now - you knew how he couldn’t resist the opportunity to be ridiculously old-fashioned, when it came.
    “I’d love to,” he said, with such a quiet sincerity it seemed to surprise you. He took it gently from your fingers, carefully draping the chain around your throat before closing the clasp behind it. When he was done, he let his fingers trail softly down the back of your neck, watching you shiver softly with a small flash of pride you wouldn’t be able to see in his dark eyes.
    “You’re making it awfully hard to want to finish getting ready, Mr. Morvant,” you said, turning from your chair and at last standing up. He took a moment to take you in, enjoying the cling of this particular outfit in strategic places. 
    “You’re not making it any easier for me to let you go, sweetheart,” Maxi said, meeting your expectant eyes with a smirk. When you approached him for a hug, he leaned down to kiss the bare skin of your shoulder, resisting the overwhelming urge to nip just hard enough to bruise. “You sure you want to wait so long before I take this off you…?”
    “Patience is a virtue,” you said, your voice slightly breathier as he kissed up the column of your neck. When he went to set his hand on the back of the chair for balance, you missed it dip for a brief moment towards your vanity. “And besides, I promised the gang. We haven’t got to hang out properly since I moved in, and I really miss them.” You leaned back, brushing a couple rogue curls of his away from his forehead. “I wish I could take you along, though,” you added. “They’d adore you.”
    “There’ll be plenty of time for that, I’m sure,” Maxi said, his smile soft at the idea of introductions being made. He liked your friends, from the sound of them. They seemed to be good to you, make you feel as loved and valued as you should be. If that ever changed, well… he’d have to handle that, wouldn’t he? He frowned a little bit, as if thinking abut something. “I just… hmm.” He pretended to ponder something. “Not to be a buzzkill, darlin’, but… are y’all a hundred percent sure you want to hang out downtown? What with… well. Y’know.” A spate of disappearances he knew nothing about and had nothing to do with, no sir. Even if every last one of the disappeared men had deserved it, the rotten sonsabitches.
    “Baby,” you said, rolling your eyes slightly. “There’s going to be, like, five of us, and those of us who don’t have pepper spray have some form of knife. We’re gonna be okay, I swear. Besides, whoever’s taking people… doesn’t super seem to be shopping in my category, if that doesn’t make me a horrible person to say.” 
    “You’re not wrong,” Maxi said, affecting a nervous shrug. “They do seem to be goin’ after bigger dudes, but… still.” He frowned slightly, but paused, something you said seeming to land. “Hang on, which do you have in that bag of yours? Pepper spray or a knife?”
    You smiled grimly. “Maxi, I’m queer and live in the South. What do you think?” You reached to the little black purse he had learned was your ‘nice’ one, chic and deceptively small, and opened it to reveal a strategic rip in the lining - where he saw the hint of what he thought, maybe, was the hilt of a small butterfly knife. 
    Maxi blinked, having not actually expected this. He swallowed, forcing down the dark twist of excitement at the base of his spine, and looked from you to the knife. “Well, alright then,” he said, trying to keep his tone light. “And you feel comfortable usin’ that if you have to?”
    “Yes, Daddy,” you said, meaning to just be gently ribbing him, but the way your voice caught slightly when you realized just what you’d said gave you away. His eyes found yours in a hurry, and you were watching his face with a mix between mild embarrassment and a very definite hesitancy - like you were trying to decide whether you actually wanted to go out after all. When you pressed your lips together indecisively, smearing the blood red color just a little bit, he broke.
    Maxi caught your chin before you realized what was happening, walking you slowly and carefully back against the wall of your bedroom. His free hand came to rest on the wall, moving the one that had held your face gently to your throat now. He leaned down, putting the two of you almost nose to nose.
    “You can still bow out, darlin’,” he said, his voice low as he looked long and slow between your lips and your eyes. “You won’t be putting me out none if you decide you wanna stay in.”
    You met his eyes, taking a soft breath, and you seemed to be definitely considering it… before a car horn sounded outside, causing both of you to look around. “That’s them,” you said, and the way you looked a little excited at the idea at last made him relent. You deserved time with the people who missed you, as loath as he was to give you up. You looked back to him, your smile sweet as you put a hand to his cheek. “You almost had me there,” you said, giving him a wink and kissing the tip of his nose. “But I’m going to have to raincheck your raincheck, handsome.”
    “Alright, I surrender,” Maxi lifted his hands in a gesture to match, freeing you where he had you trapped before. “Y’all go have fun, try not to burn the town down - we only have so many bars as it is. Here,” he added, grabbing his suit jacket from where he’d hung it on your bedpost. “I’ll walk you out.”
    “You can hang out here if you want, babe, I don’t mind,” you said, glancing at him as you both headed towards your front door. 
    Maxi chuckled, raising an eyebrow. “Don’t make a lot of sense for me to hang around without you here too, pretty, but I appreciate it.”
    “I just mean…” you hesitated in front of the shoe rack next to your front door, picking out a pair of high heeled chelsea boots and going to put them on. Maxi, ever the gentleman, lifted your hand to his shoulder for support so you balance properly. “Oh! Thanks,” you said, indeed squeezing said proffered shoulder as you pulled one on after the other. “I don’t know,” you said at last, leaning down to adjust where they clung around your ankles (and giving him a lovely view of what this outfit was doing for your ass, he had to add). You stood up, your slightly concerned expression bringing him out of openly admiring you when you weren’t looking. “I don’t want to sound… you know I love your place,” you added quickly. “It’s charming, it’s historic… but sometimes, I don’t know,” you hesitated, choosing your words. “I guess I worry about you in that house by yourself, y’know?”
    Maxi blinked, given slight pause by this. “What d’you mean, baby?” he asked, keeping his tone deceptively casual as he slid into his pair of dark loafers. “You mean the basement?” He smiled a little at the thought. “I’m used to that, I promise you. Gets downright ordinary when you’ve had dead people down there as long as I have.”
    “No, not that,” you said, shaking your head. You bit your lip slightly. “…Okay, so this is going to sound super woo-woo bullshit and whatever, but like - sometimes I think I feel… things. Like, other people,” you said quietly. “In your house. Does that make sense?”
    Maxi was doing his best to keep his face neutral, even mildly charmed, but the sirens were definitely going off. Fuck. Double fuck and a half. “Define ‘people’, sugar. Like… ghosts or somethin’?”
    “I-“ you paused as the car horn sounded again, this time with more excited emphasis. “Forget it, it’s ridiculous,” you said quickly, shaking your head with a sheepish smile. “I’ll tell you more later, but it’s probably just me watching too many scary movies at your place. C’mon.” You took his hand before he could press for more, opening your front door and leading him out onto your small porch. 
    Orange autumn sunlight was starting to creep into the golden-blue dusks that came from living down here, elongating the shadows of the trees in your front yard. Idling in your driveway next to Maxi’s hearse was a medium-ish red Honda, one of the many models that couldn’t decide if it was a town car or a sports car or what. Inside he saw four strangers your age, maybe a couple a little closer to his - he took the time to look them over while you were locking your front door. Two of them in the back that he couldn’t see well had ditched their seatbelts to admire the hearse through the window, looking like they were excitedly talking to each other. The one in the passenger seat, with a rather fetching undercut, was waving at you with an excited grin that you were happily returning. The one in the driver’s seat, a woman who appeared to be the oldest with purple hair and a septum piercing, was smiling at you… but her eyes were slowly, carefully sizing him up.
    The Mom friend. He’d heard about this one. The closest thing you’d ever had to an older sister, a political journalist who’d worked overseas before the two of you met in your program. You adored her openly, talked about wanting to be as brave and tough as her when you were the same age, and he knew by now she’d helped you out of a couple hard spots when you’d first started living on your own. She was a bit protective of you, and he understood why - you were sweet and kind and far too trusting for someone like him. He locked eyes with the mom friend and wave with a polite nod, doing his best to look non-threatening. He appreciated your friends’ instincts to look out for you, but that was his jurisdiction now. He had it covered.
    Seemingly satisfied with her once-over, she returned the nod, her smile slightly more genuine now. Her eyes switched to you, excitedly beckoning you over.
    You held up a finger before turning back to Maxi, smiling still. “I promise we’ll have real introductions another day - probably brunch, knowing them,” you added with a glance in their direction. 
    “That’s fine, sweetheart,” he said. “Y’all just go have a good time, text me when you get home.”
    “…Actually,” you said quietly, fiddling a little bit with his loosened tie. “I was wondering if you’d be cool with me swinging by your place after? If it’s not too late. I don’t know if you have an early viewing, or-“
    Maxi cut you off, leaning down and kissing you a bit too deeply to be totally appropriate in front of friends he hadn’t met yet. When he pulled away, leaving you dazed and a bit out of breath, he made a point to neatly swipe away what little lipstick had escaped your liner. “Sounds good to me,” he said with a wink, just low enough for you to hear.
    You two were startled slightly by a chorus of whoops and catcalls from the now rolled-down windows of your friend’s car. The Undercut friend in the passenger seat leaned out theirs. “You still coming, or should we leave you here?”
    “Shut up, Em,” you laughed, your grin now a bit sheepish. You looked to Maxi. “I’ll text you when I’m on my way, okay?” When he nodded, you headed to the car, only to be greeted by more whoops from your friends as you opened the back door and slid in. Maxi watched the car backing up and the volley of teasing that awaited you, smiling as he watched you giggle and swat one of your friends sitting with you in the back seat. You must have been being pelted with questions, as there were more than a few glances from said friends in his direction. He headed towards his hearse as soon as there was room, waving again as the car pulled off down the street.
    As soon as the car was out of sight, he got in, starting and pulling it out with surprising speed for as big as the vehicle was. But when you’d been driving hearses almost exclusively since you were fifteen, they were relatively easy to handle. He gunned it back to his place, leaving the hearse sitting conspicuously in the frontmost parking spot of the driveway before he headed inside.
    The front hall was awash in a cacophony of voices, sensations - if a person were new to this, it would be deafeningly overwhelming. For him, though, it wasn’t quite enough to warrant his full attention in any particular direction. He knew he needed to re-up the measures on the altar in the basement, and soon - likely within the next few days or so, with the way the moon was currently waxing. But he had other things to worry about tonight. He waved a hand at a gust of cold air trying to get in his face, ignoring the hissed epithets, and quickly headed up the creaky spiral staircase to his old room on the second floor. 
    When he’d come back from his time away, as he referred to it, he’d waited a bit before he’d moved some of his stuff to the barely used master bedroom on the third floor. He’d made sure it was far enough down the hall from his mother’s sick room that she wouldn’t get any ideas and wander over in the middle of the night, and it was definitely too far from the basement for his father to reach. However, he still kept a small stash of things in his old childhood bedroom just for occasions such as these. There are some things that were just… best kept away from any room he might take you to.
    It hadn’t changed much since he’d moved back in: with the single ceiling light flipped on, one could see it was still painted a dark red, old horror movie posters still on the walls despite the aged tape. Some of them still had the corners missing from when Vincent used to rip them down every so often, needing a target for his rage after the deaths of Mathilde and Aurore. Most of Maxi’s old comic books - the surviving ones, anyway - were still hidden under the bed for this reason, despite him having lived here by himself for ages now. Other things were hidden other, less accessible places. 
    Maxi shed the suit jacket he was wearing again, followed by the rest of his work clothes, tossing them onto the old dark duvet. He headed for the closet, a fairly large walk-in for the size of the room. Only half paying attention, he pulled a couple of items of clothing from inside: a black t-shirt with a bit of a rip around the collar, a similarly black hoodie, the dark jeans with no blood or holes in them, and an old, fairly worn leather jacket that seemed just as old as the boots waiting by the closet door. He pulled on all of this seemingly without thinking about it save for the leather jacket, checking the pockets to make sure he still had what he needed there before he shut the door to the closet behind him and tug the boots on. He made a point not to look over his shoulder at the whistle to get his attention as he did so, instead getting anything else he might need out of the pockets of his work pants.
    He walked into the bathroom next door, carefully stepping over the ring of salt around the sink and the medicine cabinet just big enough for him to stand in the middle of. Turning the faucet on, he first made sure the water was the color it was supposed to be before he gathered a handful in his palm and applied it to his hair, trying his best to wash out what was left of the product that kept it so carefully in place. Hastily, he pulled and rearranged, ruining his usual part and brushing a fair amount of it down towards and over his eyes. Once it got to a point where he was alright going outside with it, it was time for the last step. Setting his glasses on the edge of the sink, he opened the container for his contacts. Taking a deep breath to steel himself, he quickly popped them in one after the other, trying to shove away the shiver and urge to gag that came with every time he did so. He didn’t know why he was so twitchy about contacts - it was a little ridiculous, considering he regularly put metal bolts through people’s gums to wire their mouths shut - but something about touching his own eyes had always made him feel the tiniest bit ill. Still, when it came down to it, this was better for nights such as these… he would be less easily recognized without his usual dark frames, and combined with he different hair, he had found that he could really make the Clark Kent Effect work for him when he needed it to.
    He paused for just a moment to examine his reflection… and, finally, pulled out the unsealed eyeliner pencil he’d swiped off your makeup table. Turning it over carefully in his fingers, he weighed his options. He’d only really taken it because it was something small of yours (and because it definitely wasn’t one of your expensive ones, he’d made sure of that first), but now that he had it… well. Peeling off the plastic with his teeth, he popped the lid, and then - after one more moment of indecision - carefully applied a couple careful strokes under each of his eyes. It was a bit odd, doing this on his own face after learning how on someone else’s, but after a little smudging to make up for the way he kept blinking… he didn’t hate the result. 
    “Going to see your plaything?”
    He froze at the voice, sighing impatiently before carefully anchoring himself with a hand to either side of the sink. “Not now, Aurore.”
    “They’re cute,” said the figure leaning in the doorway, the voice deceptively youthful despite their true age. “I like them. Mama likes them too.” A pause, a shuffle of patent leather shoes shifting position. “It’s gonna be a real shame when someone else decides they’re cute, though.”
    “I said I’m not doin’ this right now,” Maxi said sharply. “I’m on a schedule. Leave me alone.”
    “You’re mean,” Aurore said, and though he couldn’t look at her, he got the impression she was sticking out her tongue. “Mama’s already sad you haven’t been coming to visit as much. I’m gonna tell her livin’s made you rude, too.”
    “And whose fault is that?” Maxi said, doing his best not to roll his eyes. Taking a breath, he tried again to be civil. “Maybe if Mama’s so upset, she should try findin’ the light. Like we talked about.”
    “You know she can’t,” Aurore said, crossing her arms stubbornly. “I can’t, either.”
    “Can’t or won’t?” Maxi shot back, having to fight not to turn to glare at her.
    Aurore laughed, but it didn’t match the rest of her. “Careful what you wish for, remember?” Another ominous pause. “Same goes for your friend, too.”
    Maxi paused, chancing the slightest glance towards the door. “Have you been talkin’ to them?”
    No answer, just the barest hint of a shrug in his peripheral vision.
    “Aurore!” Maxi snapped. “I asked you a question! You know you’re not supposed to talk to people!”
    “Maybe,” Aurore said in a sing-song voice. “I almost thought they talked back, at one point.” A dark laugh, from somewhere else in the house. Somewhere closer to the basement. “They’re smart, y’know. I’m sure they’ll figure out how.”
    “Aurore, I swear to god, if you touch—“ Maxi whirled around before he realized he was doing. “Aw, fuck.” He grabbed his leather jacket and slammed the bathroom door behind him, taking the stairs two at a time as he felt something gaining on his heels. “Fuck fuck fuck, that was stupid, fuck—”
    He tore through the living room, ignoring the way the sun was seemingly disappearing quickly from the wide glass windows, and grabbed the keys he needed off the rack by the back door to the garden. He tried to yank the door open and failed, swearing softly and fighting with the deadbolt as he felt something cold and wet on the back of his neck-
    Only to get away just as he felt the ends of bony fingertips, slamming the front door hard behind him.
    As he leaned against it, trying to catch his breath, he felt something slam hard into the door behind him, as if they wanted to break it down. This was followed by a frustrated, echoing shriek… and finally, silence. Only the chirping of birds as the sun continued to slowly go down.
    “Goddamn sister,” he muttered, running a hand down his face. Aurore, even after all these years apart, knew exactly what buttons to push to make him forget himself. Sighing, he shoved off the front door and headed towards the back shed, hidden away behind a copse of magnolia trees.
    He pulled the tarp off a car in the back - his late uncle’s dark-colored Mustang from the nineties, dented in a couple spots but still in working order. He swooped himself into the low driver’s seat, and - after checking the review mirror to make sure there were no ride-alongs to throw a salt packet at from the glove compartment - he gunned the engine, taking a grassy backroad off the property towards the highway. If he was right, given traffic at this time of day, y’all were either still on your way downtown or were only just getting there. Plenty of time for him to show up and blend in.
    There was a killer on the loose, after all. He wasn’t about to let any sweetheart of his wander around without an escort.
    -
    It’s not that he didn’t trust you. Of course he did. You had every right to go out and have a good time on your own with your friends, and hell, if you smiled at someone cute or accepted a drink from a stranger, he wouldn’t lose sleep. He was much too secure about you for that.
    No, what bothered him was the idea that there was anyone… well, like him, around tonight. The odds were slim - the Morvant family had been established in this part of the state for generations now - but that didn’t mean there wasn’t some dumbass upstart looking to try their luck every so often. Then, of course, there were just regular dudes. Those, he was admittedly a little more worried about.
    He’d staked out a quieter corner of the club, a glass of whiskey in his hand that he wasn’t paying much attention to. It had been easy to find your little group when he’d walked in; you’d all been dancing at the time towards the middle of the floor, the bass veering on obnoxious over the speakers. He’d walked along the edge of the floor to get a drink and back, and you hadn’t noticed him the entire time, despite the fact he was openly staring at you as he went. You were too taken by the moment. He hadn’t seen you quite this comfortable before - not that you weren’t comfortable with him, of course. With him, you weren’t afraid to be vulnerable - he’d left enough marks on you to prove that. Rather, this was you with people you’d known for years. Your walls were down and you were about a couple drinks in, obviously enjoying yourself and your company. 
    He’d been watching the group of your for about an hour since, tracing your repeated pack migration to the bar during slower songs when you needed to catch your breath, and then the lively return to the dance floor when a song that you all liked or was particularly nostalgic came on. You were happy, laughing often and loudly with your friends at old jokes, posing for selfies when you were out of the way of the crowd. He couldn’t help but feel the dark, watchful protectiveness in his chest turn to something fonder, having to resist the urge a few times to walk out and join you in your revelry, or scoop you up and kiss you when your face was particularly adorable. The two of you had been dating since shortly after you moved to town, but he found himself excited for when you felt this comfortable with him, too. To establish this same kind of intimacy you felt with your old friends, when you finally really accepted he’d always want you around even at your most human. You would see there was nothing that could scare him off. He was the scariest thing here.
     But in the meantime, he was relieved to see that there didn’t seem to be a lot of people interested in trying to pull you away from your friends - though there were a couple of people at the bar he found he was having to keep an eye on. 
    When you broke away from your group, miming that you were going to go get another drink, he noticed the Mom friend and the one you called Em watched you go before they continued dancing themselves. It wasn’t like you needed a babysitter, but he at least appreciated they were looking out. 
    He ambled towards the bar himself, keeping close to the wall under the various neon signs as he saw you find a space… right next to one of the men he’d seen watching you. He took a long sip of whiskey, watching you order another drink. The guy next to you, in a pink polo shirt with the collar turned up and his dirty blonde hair gelled to the point of looking permanently damp like this was roughly twenty years ago, leaned over to say something in your ear. Leaned further than necessary, actually. Maxi would’ve been more furious about him trying to maybe look down your shirt if the annoyed face you made hadn’t almost caused an unfortunately timed sip of whiskey to come out his nose. When the guy pulled back to look at you, as if waiting for a response, the expression vanished, replaced by a wide grin that didn’t reach your eyes. You nodded, and the dude motioned to the bartender. The bartender nodded, handing you your drink - and as the guy turned to talk to you, you immediately left, heading for the edge of the dance floor. Maxi had to fight a grin at the dude’s crestfallen face, realizing he must have just paid for your drink. Clever baby.
    He moved to the opposite side of the dance floor, watching you through the crowd as you watched your friends. You were leaning against a structural pole, seemingly enjoying the cool plaster on your back as you sipped whatever it was you were drinking. Your peaceful expression was interrupted as Pinky McDipshit appeared again at your side, a drink of his own in his hand. He nudged you playfully, leaning over again to say something over the music, and your expression was almost comical in how obviously irritated you were. You nodded once or twice, but never made eye contact, clearly hoping he would get the hint or get bored. Alas, Pinky was either stubborn or oblivious - probably both, actually. He rested a hand against the pole next to you in a supremely lame attempt to get his arm around your shoulders, and Maxi could see you sigh from across the room. You set your glass down on the table next to you, excusing yourself… and this was the moment the young man signed his death warrant. 
    Because, you see, Maxi very definitely saw him immediately lean over to look into your glass, reaching into his pocket for something… and frowning, as the glass was apparently empty. When he pulled his hand out, it was also empty, but Maxi didn’t need to see what was in his pocket to know he was going to have to die. And soon.
    Maxi downed the rest of his whiskey, sizing up the situation. He could escort the pig out himself - but he’d have to wait until it wasn’t in a place you’d just been. Odds were that you might return or someone looking for you might see him, it was too close to be safe. He could maybe wait until Pinky went to the bathroom, as this was surely not his first drink… but that was too closed off, with too many chances for people to walk in or already be there. Maxi wasn’t worried. He had time. This guy wouldn’t be making off with you or anyone else in this bar ever again.
    If Pinky wasn’t already a dead man walking, he definitely would have been with what came next. He spotted you again, standing towards the corner of the floor as you took a break from dancing. He walked over, nudging aside some people you were clearly trying to use as a buffer so he could lean against your shoulder. Maxi stood there, wishing he’d somehow been able to hide a Liston saw in the lining of his jacket, before yet another transgression took place. Pinky leaned over again, despite the fact that you were very clearly tilting your head away from him, and touched the necklace Maxi had given you earlier. He kept his grubby little knuckles against the skin of your chest as he examined the death’s head, clearly pretending to ask you about it. Maxi was about to storm across the dance floor and pin the little shit to the wall by the throat with his bare hands, cover be damned, when something rather… interesting happened.
    You seized Pinky’s hand in yours, pulling it away from your neck and holding it between the pair of you in a grip that let Maxi clearly see the tendons of your wrist stand out. You asked him something, and he only smiled awkwardly, shrugging. Though you were already in heels, you stood somewhat on your toes with a too-wide smile to whisper something else in Pinky’s ear, your other hand hovering over the waistband of your skirt. Whatever it was you said, Pinky clearly didn’t like it, as the smug smile he’d had on went he went to touch you slid off his face to be replaced by something… else. Maxi watched as Pinky seemed to shrink from you, pulling his hand away as if you were something diseased while you just continued to smile at him, as though you’d asked him about the Tigers or the Saints or whatever. Slowly, not turning his back to you, the young man walked away, heading for an exit towards the back corner of the club.
    Now, what was that about? Maxi tilted his head as you watched the young man leave, smile still in place, until at last he disappeared out the door. Rolling your eyes, you headed back onto the dance floor, where you and your friends reunited with another chorus of whooping. Y’all seemed to do that a lot. When he was sure you were dancing with your friends, unbothered, Maxi headed through the crowd towards the same door Pinky had just used, pulling his hood up over his head before he stepped outside.
    Even here, the air outside was still considerably cooler than the heat from all the bodies inside. Maxi stood for a moment, checking the ground to find the greatest collection of cigarette butts - wherever the most smokers gathered tended to be outside the range of any alley cameras, just for a bit of privacy. Sure enough, as he saw the concentration increase as he looked down the alley, he saw the most right in front of where Pinky now stood against the outer wall of the club, nervously lighting a cigarette. Slightly odd, as Maxi had figured him to be more of a juul type. Go figure.
    Checking again for visibility from the street and finding none, he walked over to the other end of the alley, fishing a cigarette out of his jacket pocket as well as his phone.
    He and Pinky stood across from each other for a few minutes, carefully ignoring one another as both scrolled through the devices in their hands. He waited just long enough for Pinky to really seem engrossed in his phone again, having glanced up when he first opened the door. This was the easy part - getting the person to forget you’re there. Maxi took his time idling, actually flipping through photos from your friends’ Instagrams of your night so far. In all of them, you looked happy, making sillier faces the later the photos were from in the evening. This was good, it seemed like you’d been enjoying yourself - or at least, hadn’t had too many interruptions until this prick showed up. 
    Speaking of which. As if remembering why he was out there to begin with, Maxi pretended to check his jacket pockets and the pockets of his jeans for a lighter, making a small annoyed noise when of course none turned up. He glanced up at Pinky, but he was still dutifully ignoring the other alley occupant, texting someone else.
    “…Got a light?” Maxi asked at last, after it was clear Pinky really wasn’t observant.
    “Huh?” Pinky looked up, mouth slightly agape. Like a fish, Maxi thought. Like a really, really stupid fish, staring the bear right in the face with no idea.
    “Got a light?” Maxi repeated, a less toothy version of his customer service smile coming into play. 
    Pinky stared at him, and Maxi realized maybe the customer service smile was a little harder to pull off in the jacket. He hadn’t worn it in a while. It was also right at that moment he remembered he was wearing eyeliner, and he wondered briefly if he was going to have to gut Pinky for being a bigot as well as a creep. 
    “Sure man, whatever,” Pinky said at last, reaching in his pocket and tossing Maxi a cheap plastic lighter.
    Maxi caught it, muttering a thanks before lighting his cigarette. He waited a moment, staring into space before glancing back to Pinky with a calculated air of boredom. “Any luck in there?”
    “Huh?” Pinky said again, looking up from his phone with slight irritation.
    Maxi nodded towards the club door. “How is it in there tonight? Anything good?”
    “Nah,” Pinky shook his head, looking irritated. “All the girls in this part of town are lesbos or trailer trash. You have to head over towards the college for any good pussy.”
    “All of ‘em?” Maxi said, raising an eyebrow. “I saw you talkin’ to one. She looked kinda cute.”
    “Bro,” Pinky looked at Maxi, eyes wide. “That bitch was crazy.”
    “I thought crazy was good on girls?” Maxi asked, hands returning to his pockets after he flicked the cigarette away and closing around something in his left. 
    “No, this girl was like, hospital crazy. I’m tryin’ to be nice and bought her a drink and shit, right? All the shit you’re supposed to do post-Me Too?” Pinky said, rolling his eyes, and oh, Maxi was going to enjoy killing this guy. “So one minute she’s totally fine, letting me touch her and stuff, playin’ it cool—“ Maxi had to resist the urge to stick the blade up through the bottom of Pinky’s chin at this point. “And the next thing I know, she like, grabs my hand all hard, right? And at first I’m like, ‘okay, cool, I got one of them kinky ones,’” Pinky said. “But then she leans in and asks me how many bones are in the human hand.”
    “…What?” Maxi said, genuinely surprised.
    Pinky nods. “Like, how am I supposed to know that shit? She’s like ‘twenty-seven,’ and I’m like, okay, whatever. And then she’s like, ‘Wanna see how many I can ruin in a minute?’ And in her other hand she’s got, like, a knife. A little one, but still, man.”
    “…F-fuck,” Maxi managed, doing his best to make his voice sound normal and not like the moan that definitely almost came out instead.
    “Right! Shit,” Pinky shook his head, his over-gelled hair shining in the dim alley lightbulb. “Girls are so fucking weird now, it’s almost not even worth it. Dude, I hear they have these dolls—“ 
    “Not worth tryin’,” Maxi asked, keeping his tone light. “Or not worth what you spend on the rohypnol?”
    Pinky froze, looking at Maxi with wide eyes before switching too late to a sneer of disdain. “Fuck you, dude. You’re at the wrong place anyway, the gay bar’s down the street—“
    Maxi moved so he had his right forearm crushed against Pinky’s windpipe, flattening him against the wall almost effortlessly. “Did you,” he said, his voice low. “Or did you not try to put somethin’ in her drink?”
    “I— no,” Pinky said, trying not to choke. 
    “Don’t you dare lie to me, boy,” Maxi growled, teeth on full display as he pushed harder against the man’s windpipe. “What’s your name?”
    “P-Paul,” The other man croaked, starting to struggle now against the lack of air. He clawed feebly at the sleeve of Maxi’s jacket, adding to a series of odd scuffs already there.
    “‘Paul,’” Maxi drawled mockingly. “I always like to know whose bones I’m takin’ back to my basement.” At this, Paul began to openly meeble, a frightened wail building in his throat. “Hush.” Maxi ordered, pressing a little harder with his elbow to better cut off the airflow for a minute. It was only when Paul’s whining went silent that he let up a little, watching the man gasp for air. “How many girls there been, Paul?” He pulled the autopsy scalpel out from his jacket pocket for the first time, letting the light move along the blade. “And be honest, now.”
    “F-Five,” Paul said, the number turning into a small sob.
    “And you were tryin’ for six tonight? Thought you’d make it a nice even number?” Maxi’s eyes were wide as he leaned a little too close to Paul’s face, entranced by the salty smell of the tears and liquor, watching as Paul’s spit awkwardly bubbled around his crying. “Y’know, Paul, chances are I would’ve come after you anyway, sooner or later.” His focus snapped back to the watery blue eyes watching him in terror. “But your stupid ass just tried that little stunt with what’s mine,” he traced the scalpel lightly down the side of Paul’s face, watching him writhe though it drew no blood. “And no one touches her but me.”
    “Man, I’m s-s-sorry,” Paul sobbed, his voice higher now through his tears. “I didn’t know she was yours, dude, please—“
    “Don’t you apologize to me, you fuckin’ pig fetus,” Maxi hissed. “Her being mine was just your extra bad luck. You shouldn’t’ve touched those girls no matter what, any of ‘em.”
    “I’ll never do it again, man, I won’t, I swear, I’ll never even come here, I’ll- I’ll move, I’ll—“
    “God, shut up,” Maxi rolled his eyes before pulling Paul forward by his neck, only to slam his head roughly backwards against the brick. He did this two more times, leaving Paul coughing and looking slightly dazed as he reached in a hidden pocket in his jacket lining for something else.
    He pulled out a long, needle-looking type object with an oddly shaped handle, admiring its silver gleam in the flickering alley light. “You got anyone who’ll have to pretend to miss you, Paul?” he sighed, sounding almost bored now.
    “M-my d-dad?” Paul whimpered, though it sounded more like a question.
    “Your dad, huh?” Maxi looked from the trocar to Paul, raising an eyebrow. “Feel like I might need to pay him a visit too, for raising such a miserable little excuse for life.” He leaned forward again, carefully placing the sharp end of the trocar’s needle-like end against the tip of Paul’s nose. “D’you think he date-raped your mama, too? Is that how you got here? Oh, c’mon,” Maxi rolled his eyes again as Paul spluttered, embarrassed and indignant. “You had to get it from somewhere. No one turns out awful on accident. Me, for instance,” Maxi’s face was suddenly split by a toothy smile - an alligator watching unsuspecting prey. “It’s in my blood.”
    What little resistance in Paul broke, leading to the man fully bawling in the alley. Maxi watched this for a minute, watching Paul’s face get redder and redder as he cried, before finally shoving his right hand under Paul’s jaw and slamming it closed. Paul gave a muffled yelp, blood trickling from the corner of his mouth as his teeth clamped down on his tongue.
    “You know what’s sad?” Maxi said, his voice nearly a whisper. He kept his eyes, now impossibly black, locked on Paul’s. “You’re not worth the box they would bury you in.” Slowly, his grin returned, wider and madder than before. “If they could find you, that is.”
    He roughly tilted Paul’s head upwards, sliding the end of the trocar just inside his left nostril. “Now, I’m about to stick this where it doesn’t normally go, so I won’t lie,” he said calmly. “It’s gonna suck. You wanna pray or somethin’?”
    Through his teeth-studded tongue, Paul began making low, trembling noises - like someone trying to recite the lord’s prayer through a mouth full of chicken livers.
    Maxi let him get to about the second verse. “Y’know what, close enough. Bye now.” And, with a sharp upward motion and a sickening sound, the trocar made its way through Paul’s nasal cavity into his brain.
    Maxi hummed along to the catchy song coming from inside as he carefully rotated it in a wide circle, watching the light fade from Paul’s eyes until there was nothing left. When he pulled the trocar loose, having to tug a little to unstick it, he stepped back to avoid the blood dribbling from the dead man’s nose. Patiently, he held the body against the wall, sliding it down as Paul’s knees bent without resistance so it looked like he was just sitting on the ground.
    Maxi stepped back, tilting his head to admire his work in the flickering fluorescent light. “…I bet I can get about three weeks’ worth outta you,” he murmured to no one living. “Maybe more, if I’m careful.”
    He wiped the bloody steel on the inside of his hoodie before returning it to its hidden sheath, stretching and looking idly around the alley one more time. It opened out to the parking lot in back of the club, which was lucky for him - carting his haul should be relatively easy, provided no one came out in a hurry.
    “Alright, dumbass, let’s go,” he sighed, shedding his outermost layer and pulling his own hood over his head again. He draped the leather jacket around Paul’s shoulders before standing back to assess the rest. Watching blood dribble out of Paul’s nose, he reached into his jeans pocket and pulled out some tissues. He wiped away the blood in the corners of the mouth before twisting the tissue into a tampon-shape, shoving one and then another up each of Paul’s nostrils. Satisfied with his work, he heaved the quickly cooling corpse to its feet, arranging Paul’s limp arm over his own shoulders so it looked like he was supporting a friend who’d been sick. Taking his time, Maxi made his way down the alley, emerging into the parking lot.
    Looking around, he saw no living eyes watching, but still made sure to play the part: a concerned mutter to the person next to him here and there, acting like he was being careful when the body’s feet looked like they stumbled over the pavement. It took them a while to reach where Maxi had parked the mustang in the farthest corner of the parking lot, but it was worth it. Vincent had always said there was no point in doing something if you weren’t going to take your time with it. As much as he hated the man, Maxi had found that to be more and more true over the years.
    Once he was sure he was finally out of sight of any parking lot cameras in the furthest possible spot from the building, Maxi unlocked the trunk, dumping the dead weight onto the waiting tarp. Without ceremony, he grabbed the ratty brown blanket in the back corner, tossing it over Paul’s body and hiding the drooling staring face from view. As he went to close the trunk door, he paused, looking down as if Paul had said something. “…You know what? Yes. This is all you get. You were trash then and you’re trash now.” Maxi said after a moment, irritated. “Die mad about it, won’t you?” He paused when he received no audible response, grinning madly again. “Oh, wait.”
    He gave a familiar giggle-snort that came with all his bad jokes, muffled by the slamming of the trunk. Making sure to lock the car, he shed his hoodie next, tying it around his waist before heading back towards the alley. 
    He was determined to make sure you left in a good mood.
    -
    When he came back in, it took him a moment to find you and your friends. Checks of the dance floor and the bar turned up empty, and he almost reached for his phone, suddenly worried you’d texted him that you were heading to his place when he was… otherwise occupied. But a flicker of light from the hall where the bathrooms were in the back caught his attention, and he saw what looked like your boots disappearing inside.
    He made his way over as inconspicuously as possible, leaning against a wall and taking out his phone like he was waiting. Inside the door to the ladies’, he could hear the sounds of someone retching dramatically, followed by a chorus of soothing voices. He was relieved to count yours among them - he didn’t figure you for the type that couldn’t hold their liquor. He imagined one of the younger friends, the two he hadn’t seen very well in the back seat maybe, had indulged just a bit too much.
    He was calculating these odds still when you emerged from the door, nearly sending him out of his skin. Fuck. You were not supposed to see him here. If you figured out he followed you, it was game over or worse, and he wasn’t about to let you leave him like—
    But then you stumbled slightly in your heels as the door closed behind you, quickly righting yourself and looking sneakily around to see if anyone noticed, and he relaxed a little bit. Okay. So you could hold your liquor better, but even you had your limits. 
    You were walking down the hall with purpose, heading back towards the bar, before you nearly stumbled again over the little plastic ridge where the floor transitioned from one kind of tile to another. As close as he was and unable to help himself, Maxi acted again without thinking: he leaned forward, catching you carefully by the elbow.
    “Honey, you—“ he paused, realizing his mistake before the sentence was out. He cleared his throat, trying to cover up his accent as best he could. “You okay?”
    “M’fine, thanks,” you said waving him off. You didn’t look at his face - another gift from the universe tonight. “I have to go get water for my friend. She’s sick.”
    “I— okay,” Maxi said, still making a point to keep his head down so his hair was in his eyes. “You want help with that?”
    You stood up straight, about to tell him off, he guessed - which was kind of cute, he wasn’t going to lie - when you seemed to think about it. “…Yeah, actually. C’mon, tall guy.” You grabbed his arm, weaving through the crowd a bit counter-intuitively as you went. Finally, Maxi had to shift his grip to your shoulder, steering you through gently despite you thinking you were leading him. 
    When you reached the bar together, he flagged down the bartender, letting you lean for a moment against the cool counter.
    “You want some too?” He asked, leaning down to speak into your ear.
    “M’good, m’okay,” you said, waving a hand again. 
    “I don’t know,” Maxi said, trying not to smile. “I think it might help.”
    “Look,” you said, turning to him and holding up a finger now. “You’re sweet, but I got this.”
    “You sure? I was gonna get some,” Maxi said quickly, changing tactics. “It’s crazy warm in here, right?”
    “…Okay, fine,” you said, relenting. “Wouldn’t kill me.”
    Maxi had to resist the urge to laugh, biting down hard on his cheek and leaning over to talk to the bar staff who finally walked over. They came back with three plastic cups of water, and Maxi carefully pushed one into your hands. “You got it?”
    You knocked back the whole cup as if to prove a point before setting it down on the bar. “You always like this?”
    Maxi shrugged, taking a sip of his own. “Maybe.”
    “Look, honey,” you said, setting a hand on the bar like you meant business. “You’re cute,” you blinked dazedly up at him. “But I already got someone to take care of me, okay? And he, like. He does a really good job.”
    Maxi had to take another drink of water to hide his grin, hoping you couldn’t see the way he was turning slightly pink. “Okay.”
    “And he’s- he’s really cute, like super weird but super cute,” you said, going on. “And if anything, I should probably go home because I miss him. Like, an absurd amount. It’s kinda sad.”
    “I’m sure he misses you too,” Maxi agreed, angling his head down so you wouldn’t see him trying so hard not to laugh.
    “…I’m pretty sure I’m in love with him, y’know,” you said, leaning over as if he were a co-conspirator in a grand plot, and Maxi about choked on his water in surprise. “Like, okay, he’s so fucking sweet, I just keep waiting for the other shoe to drop, but he’s also hot, so like, so what if it does, right? Whatever, I’ll live, he can like feet or whatever it is he’s not telling me. Now, my friend Pavi- she’s not the one who threw up, that’s Sky,” you said, going on like you hadn’t just admitted this massive thing. “They’re just like that. But my friend Pavi, she’s really cute, you should ask her if she needs someone to get her water and stuff.”
    Maxi listened to all this with the expression of someone who had Wii menu music playing in their brain, trying to figure out exactly how to process everything you just said. What he was hiding was… arguably worse than having a foot fetish, he would say. Mostly. But you also said you were in love with him, and wasn’t that what mattered, really?
    You guys could totally make this work, right? Blood curse be damned?
    Realizing he hadn’t said anything yet, he quickly cleared his throat again. “Aren’t you taking some water back to Sky?” he prompted gently, gesturing to the third cup.
    “…Yes. You’re right. Good call, Tall Guy,” you said, nodding seriously. 
    “You want me to carry it for you?” He asked, glancing down at your heels with mild concern.
    “…Probably also a good idea,” you agreed, thinking about it like it was a serious strategic decision. “Come on, we should go.” You tugged at his hoodie sleeve, and he had just enough time to grab the water in question before once again gently steering you across the crowded room.
    You reached the hallway with no incident, and he paused, carefully turning you so he could put the plastic cup in your hands. “Here you go.”
    “Thanks. And don’t worry,” you said, reaching up to pat his shoulder with your free hand. “You’ll find your own funeral director one day. I believe in you. You’re cute.” You nodded with certainty, and he couldn’t help but smile.
    “…Thanks, hon,” he said, patting your shoulder in return. “You should probably take that to your friend now. And maybe ask whoever’s driving to get you some gatorade or somethin’ on the way home.”
    You turned, heading to the door and kicking it open with the toe of your boot. “I got it!” You called, raising it high as you stepped inside. Maxi winced, hoping it didn’t spill, but the chorus of whooping - including one very weak one he assumed was from Sky - reassured him somewhat. Turning, he made his way across the floor for the final time, going to take up his post in the parking lot.
    He should have remembered his own strategy. He might have seen a familiar set of eyes watching him from the far end of the bar as he left.
    -
    Maxi waited in his car with the headlights off until he saw your group heading into the parking lot. The Mom friend was bringing up the rear, clearly the designated driver for the evening, and you and a young woman with black hair (Pavi, he guessed) were supporting a young person with green hair - Sky, he assumed - between the two of you. Em was leading the way, unlocking the car door and herding everyone into the back of the car before hopping in the passenger seat. Once the Mom friend was in the driver’s seat and passed the keys, the car came to life, pulled out, and drove off.
    Ignoring the disembodied grumbling and complaining now coming from the back seat, Maxi flipped his headlights on and followed.
    You were about halfway to his place when he saw the Mom friend pull over at a gas station, a few of you filing out to follow her inside. Perfect. He’d take the delay, it would give him enough time to get home and get situated before you showed up.
    Sure enough, his phone buzzed where he’d tossed it on the dash. He waited for the next red light to check it, smiling a little when he saw your name:
    <[ hey babe! we’re heading back - is it too late for me to swing by yours? x]
    Checking the light again, he hastily texted back:
    [ not at all :) just lmk when you’re close x]>
    He figured at this rate, he had about fifteen, maybe twenty minutes to get home and put everything back the way it should be if he’d actually spent a night in. Hopefully more, if you and your friends were taking your time getting drunk snacks.
    “…Oh, do shut up,” he sighed, his eyes flickering to the empty rearview mirror. “You don’t stop bein’ dead if you bitch about it enough, I promise you.”
    He took a backroad home - a hidden path off the interstate you had to know about to see it, through a broken guardrail his father and uncle had cut through a couple of decades ago. Given that this was Louisiana, no one had ever bothered to fix it, which worked just fine for nights like this.
    He pulled the Mustang back into its rightful spot, navigating slowly through the dark overgrown field so he didn’t hit any loitering possums or raccoons, and found himself only in moonlight when he turned the engine off.
    He ignored the outline of a face in the rearview mirror - one he knew, one that didn’t belong to Paul - and got out, popping open the trunk.
    “C’mon, Asshole,” Maxi sighed, heaving Paul out and letting his head hit the ground with a hard thunk. Slamming the trunk door closed, and ignoring still the now empty back seat, he grabbed the corpse by the ankles, dragging them unceremoniously through the grass towards the back garden.
    He walked along in silence for a minute before glancing to his left. “I don’t care.” He continued on for a minute more before tsking impatiently. “Well, if you wanted to pick whose bones we use, you should’ve stayed alive to do so. …Oh, wait,” he said again, giving the empty air next to him an annoyed look. “My bad.”
    He kept walking as he passed through the bushes onto the trimmed part of the back lawn, stopping only to make a shooing motion with his right hand and glaring that way now. “Look, I’m busy,” he said, irritated. “I actually have a life, because I’m actually alive. I will handle dipshit here in the morning, unless you want to skin him yourself.”
    One of Paul’s arms - which had been dragging out to his sides at this point - slowly, hesitatingly seemed to pick itself up off the ground, hovering for a moment before flopping lifelessly back down.
    “Look, I have half a mind to let y’all drag him the rest of the way, so if you’re done—“ Maxi paused mid-sentence, looking down at his pocket when he felt it vibrate. He pulled his phone out, finding a new notification from you.
    <[ hey!! I’m about ten minutes out - Laurie drives like a maniac lmao. this is your warning ;) ]
    “Shit,” Maxi hissed through his teeth. He shoved his phone hurriedly back into his pocket, waving his arm around him as if to disperse a crowd of gnats. “Fuck off, all of you.” Grabbing Paul’s ankles again, he hustled as fast as he could with the dead weight to the loading bay doors, yanking the keys out of his pocket and flipping through them hastily to find the right one for the padlock. “Fuckin’ Christ, whose fuckin’ idea was it to have so many goddamn locks? …No, shut up, that was rhetorical,” he added in a growl, as he at last managed to undo the chain on the door.
    He switched on the light and dragged Paul inside, dead bolting the doors from the inside. He could already hear the growing din from the drain in the middle of the tiled floor, like a chorus of monks with their mouths sewn shut.
    “Alright, alright, hold on,” he grumbled, dragging the body roughly over to the drain. Leaning down, his fingers found grooves in the column of tile on either side, lifting the heavy grate away to reveal a solid steel chute just wide enough for an average man’s shoulders. 
    He sighed, standing up straight and grabbing a scalpel off the clean prep table. “Here I offer this consecration in the name of our sacred oath, forever faithful, etcetera etcetera, you know the rest,” he said, all in one breath. He pricked the pad of his thumb with the scalpel, pressing on it so a healthy few drops of blood dropped down into the chute. “In this we forever serve, servatis a periculum servatis a maleficum, here ya go.” He stepped over Paul to shove him hastily into the shoot, groaning when his shoulders fit awkwardly into the vent. “Oh, fuckin’ come on, you! Protein! Shake-suckin’! Sumbitch!” he snarled, punctuating each word with a harsh stomp onto Paul’s clavicle. With a little extra force behind the last one, the bone snapped, and the corpse’s shoulder awkwardly caved in on itself. With a sad wet dragging sound, Paul slid squeakily down the tube, his sightless eyes and open mouth still gawking up at Maxi as he disappeared down into the darkness.
    For a moment, Maxi bent over, putting his hands on his knees to catch his breath. “Goddamn, one of these days I’m really gonna start dissolvin’ ‘em in barrels,” he sighed heavily. He checked his phone again, calculating he maybe had about four minutes until you showed up at his door. “Fuck.” Sliding the grate back into place with his foot until it clanked closed, he shoved the scalpel without thinking into the waistband of his boxers, then ran up the stairs and switched the lights off behind him right as the chorus of muffled humming turned into the sound of chewing.
    He sprinted up and into the kitchen, dropping the keys into a dish and grabbing the can of salt next to it. He sprinted through the living room, tossing salt into the corners of rooms as he went, and tore up another flight of stairs, bursting into the bathroom on the second floor. Hurriedly, he kicked off the boots, hastily ditched the hoodie into a hamper, and grabbed the eyeliner pencil off the shelf under the medicine cabinet. Jacket - Trunk, he wrote on the mirror, before about clawing out his contacts (and whimpering quietly the whole time) to swap for his glasses. He skidded into his old bedroom, shedding the jeans and faintly bloody t-shirt to switch for a pair of clean gray sweatpants and a black henley. He ran back into the bathroom, replacing the salt ring he’d just slid through with salt from the kitchen can, and hurried out into the hall to toss some down towards Aurore’s room. “Stay there and hush,” he said warningly, and at the end of the hall, something hissed back.
    He took the stairs two at a time, now barefoot, and ran straight for the living room. He about threw himself to the floor, sprinkling a circle of it underneath the perimeter old couch, before stashing the can underneath it as well and pulling himself up onto the cushions so he was laying across them. He just had time to flip on the tv to a cable showing of Carrie when he heard the key in the lock.
    “Bye, y’all!” You called from the door, followed by the sound of blowing kisses. “Text you later!” He only let himself breathe when the door closed behind you, hearing you lean back against it and exhale softly.
    He heard you kick off your heels by the door, then the sound of your padding feet as you crept towards the living room. When you poked your head around the corner, he sat up slightly, smiling. “Well hey there, gorgeous.”
    “Hey yourself,” you said, returning his smile. You looked better, definitely more sober than he’d seen you earlier. Then he spotted the huge, half-empty bottle of sports drink in your right hand, and had to fight a laugh - at least you’d taken his advice. You glanced towards the television. “Ooh, the Sissy Spacek one.”
    “A classic,” he agreed. He reached up with an arm, beckoning you over. “Y’all have fun?”
    “Mmhm. Well, until Sky got sick,” you added, crossing the living room and setting the bottle on a coaster before you joined him on the couch. You stretched out next to him, and he pulled you onto his chest, kissing the top of your head again as your legs intertwined with his.
    “That sucks,” he said sympathetically. “Sky okay?”
    “Yeah, they just go too hard sometimes. They’ll be fine in the morning, Laurie’s letting them crash at hers to be safe.” You nuzzled against his chest for a moment, getting comfortable before you glanced up at him. “What’d you get up to?”
    “Oh, the usual. Dead people in my basement.” Maxi shrugged, smiling again as you giggled.
    “I meant what’d you do to relax?” you said, sitting up slightly to kiss the end of his nose. “You work too hard, babe, I don’t want you burning out on me in five years and going crazy.”
    “I could never burn out on you, darlin’,” Maxi teased, kissing your cheek. You rolled your eyes. 
    “Whatever, you know what I mean,” you said, still grinning. “Let’s at least get dinner tomorrow, okay? Go see a movie, or take a walk through the cemetery? You need to get out a little.” You reached up, your hands smoothing over the soft fabric of his t-shirt. “You’re all tense in your shoulders.”
    “Hmm,” Maxi pretended to think about it, his eyes moving to your lips and back. “Doesn’t sound too bad. Company aside.” He grinned slyly, and you softly swatted his shoulder. 
    “Wow, okay,” you said, pretending to be offended. “I’ll just find someone else to chaperone me through the tombstones, then.” You made to get up, but Maxi pulled you back down to the couch. You squeaked in surprise as he held you down against him with a steel grip, giggling again as he nipped playfully at your collarbone. He only paused when he felt something metal in the waistband of your skirt. 
    He pulled back slightly, looking from your hips to you with a frown. “Baby?”
    “Um,” you blinked, suddenly sheepish. Slowly, you reached between the two of you, pulling the hilt of your folding knife out from where it had been resting against your skin. 
    Maxi’s eyes went slowly from the knife to you and back, maintaining a facade of surprise. “…Wasn’t that in your purse?”
    “Yeah,” you agreed, still looking shy. “I kinda… needed it, though, at one point. Don’t freak out,” you said quickly, holding up your free hand as he opened his mouth. “Everything was cool, some dude was just getting handsy.”
    “Are you okay?” Maxi asked, and this was genuine - he hadn’t gotten to talk to you after, he’d been so busy dealing with the problem outside.
    “Oh, totally,” you said, rolling your eyes slightly. “It’s not my first time… with a guy being a creep, that is.” You paused, looking uncertain.
    Maxi had to relax his hand out of the fist it curled into at your back. The idea of other men being just as disgusting as Paul made his blood boil, but you were here now. “So what’s wrong, sugar?”
    You sat up now, nervously running a hand over your hair. “…You’re going to think I’m batshit,” you said quietly. “And maybe I was, I dunno.”
    “I’m sure I won’t, babydoll,” Maxi said, sitting up with you so you stayed in his lap. “Just tell me what happened, okay?”
    You took a deep breath. “…So I was kinda tipsy,” you said, hedging. “But like… I threatened that dude. Who was being creepy.” You nodded to the knife in your hand. “With that.”
    Oh, god, he’d forgotten all about this. Maxi took a breath as subtly as he could, trying to keep his face neutral. “…Okay,” he said slowly, looking at you. 
    “I mean,” you said, shrugging. “I just… I didn’t even threaten to stick him anywhere vital,” you said, nervously biting your lip. “And like, I’d never do it, obviously, oh god…” You hesitated. “But…”
    “…But?” Maxi asked, tilting his head out of genuine curiosity. For once, he didn’t know where this was going.
    You let out a long, shaky breath. “…Okay, this is going to sound weird.”
    “We don’t have weird, remember?” Maxi said a little too quickly, shaking his head. “What is it, honey?”
    You hesitated a moment longer, worrying your lip with your teeth before you met his eyes. “…I think I liked it?” you admitted in a whisper.
    Maxi felt a dark bolt of pure want shoot down his spine, his mouth dropping open just slightly in surprise. This, he hadn’t anticipated.
    “I know, I know,” you said quickly, looking kind of scared now when you misread his face. “It’s super weird, and probably kind of fucked up, and like—“
    “Hey,” Maxi said quickly, shushing you as he moved his hands up and down your sides. “Hey, don’t worry about it. It’s not a big deal, baby,” he said, laughing a little. He licked his lips subconsciously, trying to keep himself under control. “I mean, it’s logical, y’know?”
    “I- How?” You asked, your brow wrinkling in confusion.
    Maxi shook his head as he shrugged. “Some creep was threatenin’ you, right? So… you reversed the dynamic.” He kept his eyes on yours. “You took back the power. Hell, I think that makes perfect sense. It doesn’t mean you actually wanna hurt someone, darlin’,” he said soothingly, taking your free hand in one of his. “Brains are… complicated, you know that,” he said with a nod. “Scared and Into It are pretty close together when you actually come down to brass tacks, it’s not uncommon there’s some overlap. I mean, there’s a perfect example,” he said, nodding over your shoulder at the television. Carrie was covered in blood and the gym was on fire, screams of the doomed classmates echoing in the background. 
    You glanced from the television to him, raising an eyebrow. “You wanna cover me in blood and set the house on fire, Morvant?” you teased.
    God, yes. “I’m just sayin’…” Maxi said, doing everything he could not to let on just how much he liked that idea. He bit his lip thoughtfully, looking between you and the knife again as he chose his words. “…Whatever you wanna try with me, gorgeous, I’m here for it.” He met your eyes. “I don’t scare easy, okay? And I’m not going anywhere you don’t want me to.” He squeezed your hand gently in his, smiling up at you. “I’m yours.”
    You blinked, and for a moment, you looked just a touch overwhelmed. Maxi was about to backtrack, wondering if he’d said too much, when you surprised him by leaning forward and kissing him hard. When he realized what was happening, he moved his hands back to your hips again, holding you in his lap as he kissed you back just as ardently. 
    He was enjoying the faint taste of what he was sure was rum on your tongue when you pulled away suddenly, taking a breath. He leaned forward, wanting you back, but you held a hand to his chest, keeping him sitting against the arm of the couch. Slowly, you flipped the knife open, the blade glinting in the changing light of the TV, and as your head tilted slightly to watch his eyes, he straight up forgot how to breathe for a moment. 
    “You tell me as soon as you want out or change your mind,” you said softly. “Okay?”
    “I won’t have to,” Maxi said immediately, his voice almost embarrassingly strained as he realized just how hard he was in the span of a minute.
    This hadn’t escaped your notice, and you smiled wickedly, shifting so you were straddling his hips now. He more than happily seized them, pulling you flush against him - and pausing, realizing you definitely weren’t wearing any underwear under your skirt.
    “You fuckin’ tease,” he breathed, looking up at you.
    You shrugged. “You told me I could come over after,” you said, smirking. “I got rid of them when we were leaving.”
    Maxi gave a low frustrated growl, pulling you roughly against him and moving to kiss you again - before he let you go and backed up, suddenly very aware of the knife blade against his chest.
    “This comes off,” you said quietly, nodding at his shirt, and Maxi immediately moved to shed it, not even caring if it ripped in the process. He held his palms up as he looked at you, waiting for his next instruction - and that’s when you paused, noticing his cut thumb. “Babe,” you said, frowning. “What’d you do?”
    “What? …Oh,” Maxi paused, his brain definitely working on a lag. He shook his head. “Nothin’. Wasn’t paying attention, that’s all.”
    “Maxi,” you scolded lightly, and he watched as you pulled his hand close to you with your free one, examining it. “You gotta be more careful, baby.” You glanced at him for a moment as you slowly ran your tongue up his thumb, licking the reopened cut. “I need you in one piece, okay?”
    Maxi swallowed hard, fighting every urge to flip you underneath him and fuck you senseless. “Okay, gorgeous,” he murmured, barely aware he was speaking as you sucked hard on the digit. For a moment, he wondered if maybe you enjoyed the taste of blood a little more than you had let on originally. He’d have to find a way to test that.
    You finally released it with a soft pop of your lips, glistening in the low light with your own saliva, and he felt his cock flex beneath your plentiful thighs. “Patience, handsome,” you murmured, smirking a little as you settled the flat of the blade against the center of his chest. You both watched as you carefully turned it on its edge, lightly tracing a straight line down through his chest hair to rest just at the base of his rib cage. 
    He glanced up at you, barely breathing still, and you looked like you were deciding something. “I’m going to get up,” you said quietly, tapping where his chest met his stomach with the tip of the blade. “And when I sit back down I want you on your knees, okay?”
    Maxi nodded wordlessly, and when you rose, he slid from the couch directly to the floor, doing his best to ignore how achingly stiff he was under the soft fabric of the sweatpants as you took your place on the couch like a queen. You looked at him, resting your chin on your hand as you twirled the knife absently in your fingers of the other, and he had to fight not to wince as he worried about whether or not you would cut yourself. You stilled the knife, gently bringing the flat of the blade against his cheek, and used the pressure to redirect his gaze to yours. With a lascivious smile, you spread your legs, and without further bidding, he took his place between your knees.
    He shoved the fabric of your skirt back as he pulled your hips to the edge of the couch, glancing up at you. Your eyes were wide, and for a moment you must have forgotten yourself, clearly enjoying the sight of him in front of you. “…Oh, right,” you said when it clicked back into place, and you carefully held the flat of the knife to the side of his neck.
    “Roll it,” Maxi whispered hoarsely.
    You blinked, surprised. “What?”
    Maxi lifted his hand away from your thigh for a moment, reaching next to him and turning it so the sharp edge of it was against the side of his neck, just within range of his jugular vein. 
    You shifted, looking uncertain. “Are you sure? I don’t wanna actually—“
    “I’ll be fine,” he said, winking at you. “Just trust me, babydoll, okay?”
    You paused, hesitating a moment before nodding slowly. “Okay.”
    Enjoying the slight pull of the steel against the skin of his neck, Maxi leaned forward, licking a long, slow stripe up your already wet slit. He smiled a little as he heard your hiss through your teeth, your hips rolling slightly against his mouth as he bore down like a man starved. The tip of his tongue traveled the length of your folds, finding every part of you, before he sucked softly on your clit and he heard you whine. His hands seized your hips to pull you harder against his face, the edge of the knife stubbornly present as as he continued his onslaught of attention there. Between his tongue and your growing slick, the sound soon bordered on obscene, and he couldn’t help but smirk to himself as he felt the knife begin to shake lightly in your grasp. Your free hand tangled hard in his hair, pulling hard as you held him against you, and you felt heat spread to the ends of your veins as he doubled down. When his tongue pushed inside you and he began fucking you as best he could with its heat, he listened to your whine grow to a moan, and finally to pleading. 
    “Maxi, please, please don’t stop, fuck, I really think I’m gonna come all over your face, god—“
    He pulled his tongue from you to drag it slowly, agonizingly across your clit again, and as you arched hard against the back of the couch, the knife was cold against his skin as he greedily took the warmth that flooded from your cunt. He glanced up when your hips shied away from him at last, licking his lips as you stared sightlessly at the ceiling. 
    “You okay, sweetheart?” He asked, feigning innocence as he leaned his cheek on your thigh. 
    “Oh, fuck off, Maxi,” you said, unable to help a smile even as strained as your voice was. He laughed, the sound dark now to match how hungry he was for you. 
    He climbed up onto the couch, pulling you underneath him as he stretched out across it. When he kissed you, you licked softly at his tongue, eager to taste yourself from his mouth. His hips rocked against yours through your clothes, desperately seeking friction - but he suddenly inhaled through his teeth, feeling something sharp dig against his hip bone.
    “Shit, are you okay?” You sat up immediately, your eyes clear again in their worry. “I’m so sorry, honey, I thought I wasn’t touching you—“
    “It’s not you,” he said quickly, holding up a hand. He met your eyes, trying to reassure you. “It’s not you, baby, you’re okay. You didn’t get me, I’m fine,” he soothed, and took a deep breath, gesturing for you to take one as well. When you had relaxed, seeing he was, in fact, fine, he frowned in annoyance down at his waistband. “It was me, my stupid ass got me,” he muttered. He reached down, pulling out the scalpel he’d hastily shoved there earlier when he’d run up from the basement. Investigating with his other hand, he pulled up only a trace of blood, the scalpel’s mark thankfully just a scratch.
    He looked back to you to find you looking concernedly between him and the scalpel. “Shit, you really got distracted today, huh?”
    Maxi blinked, confused for a second before he remembered what he told you earlier. “Yeah, uh.” He looked back down at the scalpel before looking at you with a shy grin. “Had a sudden one, an unexpected, um. Late arrival. Kinda put me out of sorts.”
    “…Oh.” He held his breath, doing his best not to visibly exhale when you shrugged and accepted his story. As he went to set aside the scalpel, he paused, realizing you were still looking at it intently. Your eyes shifted to his face.  “Did… did you want a turn, babe?” you asked, and he was about demure - no, gorgeous, of course not - when he saw just how your pupils expanded at the idea. 
    He paused, considering. It wasn’t like it hadn’t crossed his mind… of course it had. As soon as he’d seen your perfect throat underneath his hand the first time, he’d dreamed of how it would look adorned by the glint of a knife’s edge. But he had tried so hard to be careful with you, to treat you as the delicate creature that you were compared to something like him. He had fought this entire time to keep you safely away from the parts of him that needed viscera and bone like rain and soil.
    …But it was your idea, after all. And who was he to deny his precious what they wanted?
    “Are you sure, darlin’?” He asked, trying to keep his face in check. He took your chin in his hand, tilting his head so your eyes were on his and not on the scalpel. “We don’t have to if you don’t want to,” he said. “I promise. I understand if this… feels different, doin’ it this way.” He smiled, trying to be reassuring. “This doesn’t have to be perfectly reciprocal. I’d understand.”
    But your gaze traveled back to the blade as you pondered this, and the moment your sweet little pink tongue swept subconsciously across your lower lip, everything in him ached with need “No, I know, but it’s okay,” you said softly, looking up at him through your lashes. “I trust you. And I think… I think I kind of… do? Want you to, I mean.” You bit your lip. “Is that okay with you?”
    Was blood in the water okay with the shark?
    “Of course it’s okay with me,” he whispered. “Of course it is.” His free hand cupped your cheek, stroking it adoringly with his fingertips before sliding down to your neck. Tightening his thumb and index finger very lightly over your carotid and jugular, he pushed you slowly down to lay flat on the couch, settling his hips between your thighs. He bit his lip when he felt you squirm against his length, already trying to seek friction for yourself.
    He brought the scalpel to the hollow at the base of your throat, letting the point rest there with feather-like pressure. “Now gorgeous” he said, his voice low. “You have to stay still when I tell you to, okay?”
    “Yeah,” you nodded, already a little breathless from where his hand rested. 
    “I mean it,” he said softly, and you felt the pressure of the blade increase slightly as he traced from the base of your throat down to the neckline of your top. “I can do this, but I need you to listen to Daddy so you don’t get hurt.”
    You twitched, and he could tell you were having to fight to hold still already. “Ahuh.” You nodded again, and he felt you swallow beneath his palm. “Okay, baby.” You paused for a moment, glancing to where you’d set your knife on the coffee table when you’d thought Maxi was hurt. “Um. Do you wanna use yours or mine?”
    Maxi felt himself grin freely at last, twirling the scalpel adroitly between his fingers. “Mine.” He leaned down, kissing your forehead and then the corner of your mouth, his knife resting against the fabric of the camisole. “Now be a good girl for me.”
    You gasped softly as he flicked his hand expertly down, splitting the fabric down the middle so it fell uselessly to the cushion below you. Maxi arched a brow again, finding no bra beneath. “Well, you were dead set on misbehavin’ tonight, weren’t you, pretty?” He glanced back up at you, relishing your somewhat sheepish expression. “Ah-ah, no,” he scolded gently, noticing your arms subconsciously move as if to cover yourself. He lifted his hand from your neck to gather your wrists, pinning them above your head. “Those are mine, fair and square.” He moved down, taking one of your nipples in his mouth and sucking hard enough to make you moan. You were trying to arch under him, but coming up against the point of the scalpel where he kept it against your sternum, and he relished the feeling of you caught between your instincts and his steel. He bit the flesh of your unattended breast to bruise, like it was the sweetest fruit he ever tasted, and your heartbeat fluttering in his teeth nearly made his eyes roll back in combination with your soft cry.
    He let go, kissing and laving his tongue on the imprints of his bite left over your heart, and kissed his way back up to your panting mouth. As his tongue traced where you’d bitten the inside your cheek earlier, trying to contain yourself when he devoured you, the scalpel moved slowly down the curve of your bare side, circling lightly on the skin of your hip as he took his time with you. He set the blade gently over the waistband of your skirt, hesitating only a moment before he cut through that as well to leave you completely bare beneath him.
    “Honestly, baby,” he drawled, pulling away to admire you pinned beneath him. “I need to get you some clothes made of sturdier stuff. These just fall off like nothin’.”
    “Or you could just keep making them fall off,” you said, with a shrug and a wicked smile of your own. “I’m enjoying it so far.” You paused, and for a moment he was a little concerned why suddenly you were studying him so intensely. Did you remember earlier? Did you realize you’d seen him tonight? 
    Slowly, you reached up, lifting his glasses away to set them on the coffee table. “…Maxi, are you wearing eyeliner?” 
    Oh. Right. “Uh.” Maxi paused now - it had never occurred to him if you’d actually like this or not. You had your own unique relationship with gender, of course, but he hadn’t really considered how it would be received if you saw him in this. “…Yes?” he said at last, as if uncertain.
    To his relief, you giggled, and your pupils were somehow even more nebulous than before. “It looks good.”
    “Yeah?” His smile was slightly shy now. Huh. He hadn’t considered actually looking good in it. Good to know.
    You nodded. “Oh yeah, babe. You should definitely wear it more often.”
    “And you’re not just sayin’ that because I’ve got you at knifepoint?” Maxi teased, watching you gasp and shiver as he traced the scalpel’s edge up the skin of your now bare hip. 
    “No-oh,” you said, your voice twisting into a moan in the most delicious way as he curled it along where he knew the edge of your pelvic bone would be. “No, Daddy,” you managed, and he half-groaned, half-growled, kissing you hard again. He only pulled away to put the scalpel between his teeth, hastily shedding the rest of his clothes so his skin could be completely flush with yours, unencumbered. He pulled the knife out of his mouth so quickly he nicked his own lower lip, pulling away slightly with an annoyed hiss. 
    He pressed his fingers to the skin, finding just a drop of blood there, but not much to the actual wound. What distracted him wasn’t the sharp feeling of separated skin, but the way your eyes were suddenly watching this with a particularly intense interest.
    He held still, curious to see what you would do. You didn’t disappoint - sitting up yourself, you took his hand gently in both of yours, pulling it back towards you. After studying the drops of blood for a moment, you locked eyes with him, again kitten-licking it off the tips of his fingers. Maxi let out a shaky breath, unable to help himself as your tongue swirled over them until they were clean. With a careful hand, he cupped the back of your head, watching your eyes as he closed the space between you - before kissing you, open-mouthed and feeling his blood smear against your lips and tasting it on your tongue. It was the way you moaned, coming to grip his shoulders with your fingernails digging into skin, that about pushed him over the edge.
    He fell with you back to the couch, his hand carefully resting your head against the cushion even as his hips pushed hard against yours. The two of you couldn’t help but groan at the friction, and impatiently you reached between the pair of you, guiding him to your entrance.
    “Please, Daddy?” you whined, and that was enough. His free hand settled over your throat again to pin you down as he pushed inside you.
    You forgot the scalpel entirely, your hips rising to meet his, and not wanting to discourage you, he set it on the floor, his now-free hand tangling in your hair. “Okay, pretty baby?”
    “Mmhm,” you nodded, your eyes still squeezed shut as he felt you adjusting around his considerable length. He pushed further inside you with a grunt, and you gasped, your nails raking down his back. 
    “Fuck, baby.” He was near breathless himself, feeling like your heat might very well be the thing that broke him. His hands skimmed along the curve of your breasts and down your sides, fingertips ghosting over your thighs before they came back to rest at your hips. “You feel perfect, you know that? God,” he gave an experimental thrust, grinning as your hips moved against his. “Look at you, being a good girl and takin’ it all.” He pulled back just enough to feel the velvet slip of your walls before snapping his hips, watching your eyes roll back and your mouth fall open.
    “More,” was your only response, and he smiled as he lowered his mouth to your clavicle.
    He kept you against him with little room to move as he fucked you, one hand sliding under your back as if to press you closer, the other again finding its way to your hair to hold you down. The pace he set was hard, ruthless, but he kissed every bruise he left on your collarbone as you matched his rhythm. 
    “Maxi, Daddy,” you whined, and he growled as you left new stripes down his back. “Fuck, I’m full, you’re so much, please, please more.” You were aching, feeling crushed between the sensation of him filling you with his cock and the sting of his teeth, overwhelmed but still desperate for more. You felt every inch of him, the heat and wet of your cunt, and an unfamiliar sensation as his hipbone grazed your hip - something else warm, slightly sticky. You looked down between you, seeing the spot where he’d cut himself earlier re-opened. With every thrust, the cut smeared across your skin, painting you with him. You watched, strangely hypnotized by the spreading red.
    Maxi didn’t realize what you were seeing at first, only looking up from nipping at your pulse when he felt it somehow speed up even more. He saw your entranced expression first before looking down to see exactly what you were looking at - and felt his own breath catch in his throat. He looked from the wound to you, your wide eyes and your slightly parted lips, and in that instant, he felt like a man possessed.
    He kissed you fiercely, fucking you harder still and reaching down between you to press two fingers to your oversensitive clit. He swallowed your moans, his fingers matching his pace until you broke away, your name on his lips like an insensate prayer. You came with a scream that stretched into silence, shuddering hard against him as your orgasm crashed over you like a tidal wave.
    He watched your face, transfixed, his hips moving more erratically as he fucked you through the entirety of your release, only coming himself when the sounds of skin and slick and your cries overwhelmed him. He kissed you hard as he filled you, his hands gripping your hips hard enough to bruise as he felt you take everything he gave.
    Both of you sweaty and panting, he laid his cheek against your breast, closing his eyes as he felt your heart racing underneath like a caged bird. You ran your fingers softly over the marks you’d left on him before wrapping your arms around his shoulders, hugging him to you and kissing the top of his head. The two of you lay there in the quiet for a moment, only the crickets outside to accompany your slowing breathing as you came back down to earth together.
    Maxi heard your voice, soft and almost distant, and he curled himself around you with a hum. “Sorry, gorgeous. Distracted again. What’s that?”
    You laughed, and he smiled at the feeling of you moving beneath him. “I said I love you, Maxi.”
    He sat up at this, blinking at you before reaching over the side of the couch, trying to find his glasses. After a minute’s fumbling and him still watching your face, refusing to look away lest he miss some crucial change of your expression, you reached over to where you’d set them, handing them to him with a smile. 
    When he put them on, he saw clearly your smile was shy, your eyes still dark from your shared high. “I know you’re, um. Maybe supposed to wait until you’re more clear-headed, to say something like that,” you said quietly, nervously moving your hair away from your face. “But… it’s true.” You bit your lip, shrugging slightly. “I love you.”
    He blinked again, whispering your name like he was in a dream as he cupped a hand to your face. You leaned into his palm, your smile widening as he leaned up to kiss you. When he at last pulled away, his eyes were wide, adoring. “I love you.” He kissed your cheek, your temple, hugging you tightly to him. “God, I love you.”
    “I mean, I thought so,” you teased, kissing him back. “You’ve been awful sweet to me not to.” You kissed the corner of his mouth before you paused, looking to the fabric beneath the pair of you with the slightest frown. “…Especially because I think we just ruined your couch.”
    “Do what?” Maxi, still light-headed for multiple reasons, looked at you with a dazed smile… only to follow your gaze, finding the couch was, indeed, rather the worse for wear. Despite the minimal amount of wounds between the two of you, the cushions looked like someone had died there with all the blood smeared on them. Not died of a central deep stab wound, mind - all the blood was too light for that right now - but maybe like someone lost a fight with a very small and persistent letter opener.
    “Oh.” He paused, blinking at the sight. “I… hm.” He pursed his lips in thought. “I can usually get blood out of fabric pretty easy. But…” he looked over the length of the couch, considering. “This might be a little trickier.”
    “Fuck, baby, I’m sorry,” you said, bringing a hand to your mouth. 
    “No, no, hey,” Maxi said, waving a hand before taking yours and pressing it to his lips. “It’s fine. It’s a couch. I’ve been meanin’ to get a new one anyway.”
    “So it’s not, like, an antique family heirloom or anything?” You asked, glancing nervously down at it again.
    “Nah, pretty sure my folks just picked it out when they took over the house from my dad’s folks.” Maxi said, shrugging. “All the really antique shit is in the attic gatherin’ dust, I’m pretty sure.”
    “Oh, thank god,” you breathed, smiling a little. “I mean,” you added thoughtfully. “If you want help getting some stuff out of storage, I can be bribed—“
    “No,” said Maxi, just a touch too quickly. He paused, backtracking. “I just— there’s no point,” he said, gesturing vaguely to the ceiling. “Whatever’s up there can stay up there for the raccoons, it’s not anything for havin’ people over.”
    “Or having people on?” You raised an eyebrow, smirking.
    “Hush, you,” Maxi stuck out his tongue at you, leading you to stick yours out in return, and the two of you went back and forth like this before you both broke laughing. 
    “I’m just sayin’,” he said, once the two of you had composed yourselves again. “I’m not worried about it, so you don’t need to. We can always go to Ikea or somethin’.”
    “Oh, so it’s one ‘I love you’ and suddenly I’m getting roped into Ikea trips?” You grinned. “Damn, you’re easy.’
    “I just think if you helped ruin the couch, you can at least help me pick out the replacement. It’s only fair.” He leaned forward, kissing your cheek again before whispering in your ear. “Especially if you’re gonna help me ruin the next one.”
    “Oh my god, Maxi,” you giggled, but it turned into a small yawn. “Sorry,” you said quickly, but he shook his head, kissing the end of your nose.
    “You’re fine, baby,” he murmured, running a hand over your hair. “Let’s go get you cleaned up so we don’t ruin my sheets too, hm?”
    He scooped you into his arms without warning, and you laughed as he headed for the stairs. 
    “You know, babe, we should really consider fixing the bathroom on the second floor,” you said, kissing his temple as he headed for the third. “It might be easier on your back in the long run.”
    “I’ve been meanin’ to get around to it,” Maxi said absently, pointedly not looking down the hallway as you passed it. He only let you down when you were safely on the third floor, gently putting you in front of the master bedroom door. “You go get the water runnin’, I’m gonna grab you somethin’ to sleep in.”
    “Don’t keep me waiting, Monsiuer,” you winked, before slipping off to the master bath.
    Maxi watched you go before turning to glance at the staircase, warily eyeing the darkness there before closing the master bedroom door behind the pair of you. The click of the lock seemed to echo through the still hallway.
    The House would be satisfied for a while, at least.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  “You have: one new message.” 

  It’s mostly muffled at first, in the background, and it takes a minute to realize it what it is: sobbing. A woman sobbing, maybe across the room from the phone.  this isn’t the deep, guttural wail of grief. this is rapid, high-pitched. this is fear.

  part of the reason she sounds so muffled isn’t distance - it’s something over her mouth. or in it.

  “Hola, primo.”

  The Caller sounds more like Mexico City and the Casareses now than he ever did Cacasieu Parish and the Morvants, but that laugh is the same as ever - rapid fire and high, more like a diaphragm spasm than a true expression of joy. The woman’s crying seems to rise in pitch to match. “Been a long time. Been a long, long time.” A pause, and the sound of metal sliding off metal. “But you made sure of that, didn’t you?” 

  The sobbing grows louder.

  “Hey, it’s fine. We’re adults now. Last men of the family.” Another pause, and then another abrupt giggle. “But you made sure of that too, didn’t you?” The teeth-gritting sound of a knife being sharpened grates the receiver speaker. “I admit, I didn’t think you had it in you for that one. Your old man was always a hardass.” A soft sigh. “Too bad you were such a chickenshit about finishing things.”

  The woman starts abruptly screaming again, and the screaming grows closer, accompanied by a set of slow, even footsteps. with the way the screams echo, they must be somewhere fairly empty.

  The Caller will have made sure her family will never find her.

  “I’ve been thinking,” he goes on, and the screams are interrupted by a hard crunch that turns them to dazed moans of pain. “Because of your chicken-shittery, we have a bit of a… vacuum situation.” Then the sound of something slicing into flesh, and the dazed moans become a deep wail from the bottom of the lungs. “I was thinking, since it’s almost that time of year, I could come up to the house and we could talk it over. Y’know. Like old times.” Wails to screams again, and a crunch of blade hitting bone. “Don’t worry about getting a guest room ready, I can just crash on the couch. You won’t have time,” he adds with a dry laugh. “I’m already in town. Think of this as more of a courtesy call than anything.” More wailing, a desperate edge to it like a pinned animal.

  “…I saw you earlier this week, actually.” The awful visceral sound of living flesh being stripped from living bone. “At this town’s sad excuse for a club, I guess. Looked like you had your hands full. Didn’t want to interrupt.” Liquid hitting the bottom of a container. “…Saw your new obsession, too. They’re cute.” The smile in his voice is nearly audible. “Thought I might introduce myself to them later, since I’m sure they haven’t met the rest of the family yet, yeah?”

  One can just make out the sound of the woman still breathing, but barely. “I’ll be so curious to see how much they actually know about you, Max. I told their little friend here all about it, when I met up with her earlier. She didn’t seem too thrilled at how shady you turned out to be.” There’s a pause, and another manic giggle. “Bet she likes me even less right now.

  “Anyway,” Hector says, like this is all perfectly casual. “I’m sure I’ll talk to you sooner or later. Or your date. I guess it depends who I run into first.” There’s the distinct sound of an electric bone saw revving to life. “Oh, and tell Rora I’m on my way, won’t ya?”

  Another crazed laugh as the saw finds a rib, and the line goes dead.

  
    Chapter Text
    
  
  
    The body on the steel prep table was nearly perfect in all the ways that counted. 
  

  She was the right age, for starters, and on top of that somehow unmarred by disease or accident, as would usually be the case for someone so young. The toe tag from the parish coroner claimed her cause of death was simply exposure - but if she’d been living rough, it clearly hadn’t been for very long, to look at her. She could’ve also been just some poor dumb cunt that got drunkenly lost in the dark of the bayou, stumbling in to never find her way out again alive. 

  She wasn’t about to look a gift from the universe like this in the mouth, so to speak. Although, from what she could see from the way the somewhat desiccated lips peeled back from the gray gums, the teeth weren’t that bad. She was grateful; she would have had a hard enough time restoring flesh in her diminished state, but bone would’ve been right out of the question.

  Luckily, it wouldn’t be an issue for much longer. Today was going to be the day after all.

  Because, not only was she lucky in terms of the body - an already nearly egregious stroke of fortune - she was lucky in that her sniveling older brother was slipping.

  She didn’t know whether it was from following around his newest chance at denial like a lovesick puppy, or from whatever phone call she’d heard vibrating in his room at some godawful hour in the middle of the night, but he’d been distracted. In his haste to get out of the house today - probably to take his latest obsession back to their excuse for a dwelling - he’d forgotten to renew the salt barrier in the mortuary prep room. 

  And today, with the young woman’s body lying prone in the dim sepulchral cool of the refrigerated room, there was just enough room in the ring for her to be able to make her way through.

  She was gazing down in hushed awe at the slightly decayed face, having the worst time trying not to levitate in her own excitement. This was real. It was happening. She would do what no Morvant had done since the earliest ancestors - the ones who became Those Who Provide - and in doing so, stake her immediate and obvious claim to the mantle. 

  After all, between Maxi getting cold feet at the last minute, and Hector repeatedly having to restart due to his own sloppy mistakes, why shouldn’t it be her? She had been the clear choice from the beginning, even if her father had been too set in his outdated foolishness to see it. Even if her mother refused to acknowledge the possibility that maybe she was meant for more than just carrying on the bloodline.

  For a moment in her rage, the sensations of her previous failure - sliding from her own physical body in a wave of ectoplasm, the feeling of her brother clinging to her cooling shoulders and her mother’s bellicose wailing - overwhelmed her, causing her to fuzz around the edges and lose sense of where she ended and the house began. She fought to focus, putting her feet on the tile beneath her, shutting her eyes against time trying to tear her in two - one half here, the other more than twenty years ago on the mercilessly solid floor of the second story bathroom. She forced herself to stay grounded, stay as whole as she could in a house that had refused to let her be so since she died.

  In any other soul, this would have been impossible. But she had been studying, all these years. Seated at the foot of the withered husk on the altar, she had listened to the endless whispering, the tongueless humming. In her first loss, she would find triumph no one in the family had ever known, would ever have been competent enough to know.

  She was ready.

  With a soft grinding, the grate above the metal chute in the floor began to slide loose.

  On the steel table, something prompted the Jane Doe to sit up for the first time since she had stopped breathing.

  In the basement - the true basement, the one that would never be listed on any version of the house blueprints - something began softly stirring behind a marble plaque on the family mausoleum.

  The one marked “Aurore Maria Morvant.”

  -

  When Maxi came back alone that afternoon, from… wherever he had been, he knew two things upon walking in the front door and finding the House, for once, completely silent:

  1. Something awful had happened.

  2. He was too late to have any hope of stopping it.

  The first tangible sign something was wrong was the scattered salt in front of the prep room door, something having slid through it like it had been dragged.

  From there, he nervously paced the room to the empty prep table - a few puddles of stray fluid, but even the sheet over the body was gone. There was only a set of footprints in a dull, oxidized red, that led to the chute in the floor.

  The chute that had definitely not been open when he left.

  When he ran lower, to the foundations of the House, the first thing his flashlight found was the wall of his interred relatives. Between the plaque carved for his mother, and the one to the left that already had his name and birth year carved in it, there was suddenly a gaping hole. Like something had clawed through solid marble, pushing the plaque to the floor so it shattered into a thousand pieces.

  His flashlight moved from the ominously empty tomb towards the altar, realizing there was still a low sound of something… slithering?

  He flinched as the light passed over something across the room, a heap still in grave clothes - further inspection revealed a small, delicate corpse in a white dress, obviously at least some decades old, hair clinging just barely to the remnants of a scalp and skin stretched like parchment over bones.

  Except for the face. The face had been pulled clean off the skull.

  “What the fuck,” he whispered, continuing to trace the path of reddish footsteps. Oh, this was bad. This was so bad.

  You didn’t have to be a necromancer to know corpses didn’t do this shit by themselves.

  His flashlight went straight to his father’s face, empty eye sockets staring down from where the remnants of his torso were pinned to the wall above a sepulcher of black, gleaming marble. Vincent Morvant was nearly perfectly still in his restraints, the movement of the thing inside his bones barely perceptible unless you were looking for it. But the face was very definitely pointed at something under the tomb, something just out of sight of the flickering candles. Something that looked like a body twitching, writhing under a sheet.

  “Oh, goddamnit,” Maxi muttered. “Not today, whatever this is. I already have enough goin’ on.”

  There was a sound from under the sheet, a noise. He recognized it, with a start, as the sound of already decayed vocal chords trying to process air. There was a pause, a hacking cough, and another wheeze… before, finally, he heard it:

  “Rude.”

  Something under the sheet sat up, the white cloth falling away to reveal… whatever the fuck was happening to its face. 

  Maxi had seen a lot in his career, but watching the dried leathery skin of his dead sister meld to the flesh of a fresh corpse was enough to even make him wince.

  “You wanna tell me who the fuck you are?” he snapped, trying to sound more poised than he actually felt right now.

  “Awww, Maxi,” said the voice, and it still didn’t sound quite right - like two people talking, a teenager and an adult. The thing from under the sheet cleared its throat again, trying to work this out. “Don’t tell me you aren’t excited to be a twin again.”

  “My sister’s dead, has been for years. Try again,” he deadpanned, but his left eye twitched nervously, just enough for the thing to laugh.

  “Death is relative,” Aurore cooed, pulling the sheet up over her new chest as her face finally settled into place over her borrowed skull. “You of all people know that.”

  “Look, I don’t know what the fuck you think you are, or how the fuck you got here,” Maxi said, doubling down. “But you’re not—“

  They both turned, hearing another wheeze from somewhere else in the room.

  The thing that used to be their father was smiling down at the corpse from upstairs, flakes of skin falling away from what was left of the preserved face. It took a while for the wheeze to turn into a word, but when Maxi recognized it, his blood ran cold:

  
    “Rrrroraaaaa.”
  

  Maxi, slowly, looked from Vincent’s corpse to the now very apparently alive Jane Doe, the one who suddenly looked like the woman his teenaged twin sister had never got to be. It took a lot to make him feel physically sick, but this was the closest he had felt in a while.

  Roar Morvant smiled in her new face, the blood vessels still bruised around the corners of her mouth. “You were saying?”

  
    Chapter Text
    The House seemed to continue to wait with bated breath, for once literally deathly still as it felt something fundamental shifting in its ancient foundation.The assemblage of its many presences peered down from molding in the corners of the ceiling, stared back from the dimmed surfaces of mirrors and glass, cast the closest thing they had to eyes through cracked doorframes, all in a desperate urgency to glimpse what could possibly happen next.A rule had been broken. A fairly crucial one. The question now was how long the House would be allowed to remain standing - and all of them in it.The silence was shattered by two sets of footsteps up the basement stairs, by-passing the prep room in the upper level to emerge with the force of a kicked door into the ground floor kitchen. Rora stumbled through over her new feet, half-balancing on Maxi’s arm even as she tried to push him away. Maxi in turn was half-shoving, half-guiding Rora’s still corpse-like corporeal form through the doorway, his face far more irritated than awestruck at the dark would-be miracle.“You,” he hissed, pushing her the rest of the way into the kitchen. “Are gonna get us killed.”Rora caught herself on a kitchen chair, settling in with all the ease of a cat who’d just landed on her feet. She regarded Maxi’s rage with an equally feline detachment, smiling slightly - or as close as she could, given the muscles in her new face were still fusing with the parchment-like skin of her old one. “I don’t remember you being such a hardass about this sort of thing, Maxi Pad.”Maxi rolled his eyes, somehow managing to look even more annoyed. “I am when my crazy dead sister decides to break the arrangement we’ve had with the other families for centuries,” he said, leaning on his palms on the kitchen table to glare at her. “The one that potentially brings a whole mess of people I never want to see again - and have been avoiding, pointedly! - to my door to tell your ass off.”“Oh, hell, I didn’t even break it, really,” Rora said, examining her new nails with a bored expression. “We’re not supposed to revive our own bodies, remember? And this one wasn’t mine.” She shrugged, the sheet falling from around her shoulders again where Maxi had tried to hastily pin it together. “I found it just lying around. No one was using it anymore, so I figured - why not?”Maxi took off his glasses and ran a hand down his face, exhaling through gritted teeth as he avoided eye contact. “You know that’s not how this works.”“Says who?” Rora shot back, raising an eyebrow. “I didn’t see anything in the charter where it was written down. And I would know,” she added, her tone flat. “I spent decades staring at it. Constantly. I think it’s engraved on the inside of my eyelids now.”“And whose fault was that?” Maxi snapped, turning to glare at her with his glasses back in place only to immediately turn away again. “Would you please go put a fucking shirt on or something?”Rora cackled. “Come on now, how many people do you see naked on a daily basis? And in much worse shape than this.” She looked approvingly down at her new torso, smirking. “I haven’t been able to feel anything on my skin - or skin, period - in twenty years. Let me live a little.” She giggled at her own joke as an after-thought, the sound not quite right just yet in her new lungs. The new body suited her undeniably: long, miraculously thick dark hair that would probably shine once she’d washed the death sweat out of it, skin that would nearly glow once she’d removed the grime. Even her patchwork face was starting to settle in, the skin evening out as the veins threaded themselves together, the new cheekbones suiting her natural sharpness. The eyes were still a bit hard to look at, still yellow and weirdly dry from the time spent staring blankly at nothing in death, but Maxi was starting to recognize the green of their mother’s eyes as it took over the waiting irises. For a moment, he was almost touched - he hadn’t seen any living eyes like that in this house for years.…And then Rora tossed her hair over her shoulder, and he remembered exactly who he was dealing with.“Can you at least go be nude in a room that’s not the kitchen?” Maxi sighed, exasperated. He looked at the chair she was sitting on with a slight wince. “I’d only just had time to clean that thing before you decided to steal it.”“You’re so fuckin’ fussy, you know that?” Rora rolled her eyes, leaning her chair back onto two legs. “You have no room to be worried about anything, with where your mouth has been lately.” She laughed again as Maxi blushed furiously, a high cackle. “Oh, what? Like I wasn’t supposed to see? Right there on Mama’s couch, too, I swear, where haven’t you fucked that—”“You keep them out of your mouth.” Maxi was suddenly an inch from Rora’s face, eyes dark as he snarled low in his throat. “You don’t talk about them, you don’t talk to them, and so help me god, Rora, if I catch you goin’ anywhere near them, I will put you right back in the fuckin’ ground and make sure you stay there this time.”Rora, for the first time since she came back to life, blinked. It was a few seconds before she let out a low chuckle, seemingly impressed. “Well well, look who finally up and got a spine. Only took you this long.” She leaned right back into Maxi’s face, her smirk broadening like the turning blade of a knife. “You’d really put down your own twin sister for some little piece of prey?”“Without question.” Maxi never even blinked, eyes still furiously black. When Rora paused, squinting slightly as if to inspect said eyes, he pulled back abruptly. “You tried to put me down for a lot less,” he added, folding his arms over his chest as he leaned back against a cabinet.“Are you still on about that?” Rora threw her hands up. “We were fourteen! I was just gettin’ the hang of this! I didn’t know how the Chain was supposed to work—““Bullshit, I wasn’t part of your Chain. You just got bored that summer and wanted something else to stuff and pose.” Maxi glared at her, a touch of hurt visible now “Just like you did Magnolia before that.”“Oh goddamn, Maxi, not the cat again.” Rora leaned her cheek on her hand with a bored expression. “I said I was sorry.”“Because Dad told you to.”“Okay, fine, because Daddy told me to! She was just a stupid stray, I didn’t realize you’d cry your little eyes out over it! Shit!” Rora paused, as if something had just occurred to her. “And speaking of Daddy,” She leaned forward, eyes sharp. “You have no room to talk about puttin’ family down for nothin’.”“You’re just mad because I thought to use him as a link before you did.” Maxi straightened up slightly, a smirk of his own emerging.“No,” Rora said, just a touch too quickly. “I’m mad because I took myself out before I got to him. You wouldn’t have had the guts if I’d still been around.” She straightened up herself, her pout turning back into a grin. “And I would’ve finished the job, too.”“Still no,” Maxi said, shaking his head. “Because I bet you all the gold in the basement you still wouldn’t have found your thirteenth. Even after all this time.”Rora stood up so fast her chair fell backwards, striding forward with a wild snarl. “And just what do you know about that, you little—““Whoa.”A third voice had them both turn suddenly, Rora indeed pulling the sheet up around her chest, Maxi’s hand shoved into his trouser pocket around a spare scalpel as a precaution.The man leaned in the doorway like he’d been there for years, hands shoved in the pockets of a ratty hoodie and raising an eyebrow at the two of them with all the langor of an audience member watching a play. With his windswept dark hair, the dust on his boots and jeans, and a tan neither of the Morvant twins could ever hope to achieve, he looked like a stranger who just randomly wandered in after a leisurely hike. But when one saw the dark eyes, sharp and wolf-like, and the smirk that appeared through his scruffy beard, he was suddenly very clearly a relation. “Oh, great,” Maxi sighed. “Hector’s here.”“Rude,” Hector barely glanced at Maxi, pouting slightly. “Tia Mathilde would be embarrassed by your bad manners, Max. She kept a better house than that.” He took his time looking at Rora, however, giving her a very obvious once over as he sidled out of the doorway towards them. “Aren’t you gonna introduce me to your… wait a minute,” he frowned, stopping in his tracks. “This isn’t the one from the club.” He looked back to Maxi. “You dog.”“It’s Aurore, you dumbass.” Maxi said flatly. When Hector looked like Maxi had slapped him with a dead fish, he rolled his eyes.“Your cousin? Remember?” “…What.” He looked from Maxi to Rora, his brown eyes suddenly less wolfish and more confused. “…You’re fucking with me. That’s fucking mean, Max,” he said, glaring at Maxi as he decided this. “You don’t talk about her like that, not when she’s dead. She’s your sister, for—““No, Hex,” Rora said softly, causing Hector’s gaze to snap back to her. “It’s me, darlin’.” Adjusting the sheet, she closed the distance between them to stand right in front of him, smiling at him with a genuine warmth that she never would have shown her brother. As Hector gave her a searching look, clearly still not understanding, she pointed to the scar around her face where the skin was still fusing together with a grin. “Look! I gave myself a facelift!” Her giggle-snort at her own joke was both eerily reminiscent of Maxi’s and clearly familiar to Hector, as he blinked like he’d again been struck.He stared at Rora for the longest time with a conflicted expression, before leaning forward, as if he could see if her skin was counterfeit. The face was Rora’s, sure - she’d literally taken it whole-cloth - but as she’d been dead for years, and was now suddenly two decades older than he’d ever seen her. It was easy to understand why he was so uncertain. After studying every inch of her he could see, Hector slowly looked again to Maxi, as if expecting confirmation.Despite the fact that the two men clearly disliked each other, Maxi’s nod seemed to give Hector permission to believe. He turned back to Rora, eyes wide with wonder, and poked her cheek gently with a slightly shaking finger. “…No way,” he said at last, with a breathless laugh. “Holy shit, no way.”Rora let out a small squeal of excitement, throwing her arms around Hector’s neck, and he picked her up and spun her around in a hug, laughing ecstatically. “Yes, it’s fantastic,” Maxi said, still sounding exhausted. “We’ll all be nice and alive before They Who Defend descend on us to take our souls for eternity.”“Oh, lighten up, won’t you?” Rora stuck her tongue out at Maxi as the two came to a stop, still hugging Hector’s neck. “You could at least pretend to be happy for me, you fuckin’ goody-two-shoes.”Hector looked again from Rora to Maxi, the giddy smile falling off his face. “I thought they’re never supposed to come out of the basement, though?”“That’s They Who Provide,” Maxi said, reaching under his glasses again to rub the bridge of his nose. “They Who Defend are the livin’ ones. Y’know, the ones who get pissed off when a Morvant resurrects themselves. Because we’re not supposed to,” he added, staring pointedly at Rora as he replaced his glasses once again.Hector looked down at Rora. “You did what?”“I told you, it’s not even mine! And it’s not hard!” Rora rolled her eyes. “Honest to god, if you two would just apply yourselves—““Hey, prima, don’t look at me, I think it’s cool,” Hector said, raising his hands in a gesture of good will.Rora looked back up at Hector, preening under this compliment. “Right?”Hector grinned. “No, absolutely, it’s metal as hell—““Well, this has been great!” Maxi said a little too loudly, clapping his hands together. “But I have a grieving family comin’ over in, oh,” he paused, checking his watch. “Fifteen minutes or so, so if you could both get the hell out, I’d appreciate it!”“Oh, come on,” Hector gave Maxi an irritated frown. “Like we’re really going to buy that.”“No, he’s serious,” Rora said. She was leaning against Hector’s shoulder, giving Maxi a look of bored contempt. “He kept the whole ‘family business’ shtick going.”“…What,” Hector said again, looking back to Maxi incredulously. “That’s what you’ve been doing? This whole time? Bro,” he shook his head. “That’s fucking sad.”“Look, I know neither of you ever gave a shit,” Maxi said, looking more annoyed by the minute with his hands still folded in front of him. “But I thought I’d actually use this bullshit curse to do somethin’ useful with my time. Help people, even. Shocking concept for this family, I know, but still.”“Oh, don’t give me that,” Rora folded her arms, letting go of Hector at last. “You’re only doin’ this to be a fucking narc and keep the mantle for yourself without having to actually earn it.”“Because I don’t fuckin’ want it,” Maxi said, folding his arms in turn. “Because some of us - and hold on, because this might stun y’all,” he added sarcastically. “Want out. Want to go live a life with other people, outside this goddamn family, and actually enjoy living without havin’ to serve the whims of the damned or look over our shoulder the whole time. And hey, who knows! Maybe I’ll actually live past fuckin’ fifty! Crazy idea, right?” He said, throwing his hands up in the air as he stormed past the pair of them. “Now if you’ll excuse me, some of us actually have to work for a living.”Hector and Rora watched him leave with matching incredulous expressions.“…That sounds fucking lame,” Hector said at last, frowning.“And Daddy only died at fifty because he killed him,” Rora added, pouting. “So there goes that sellin’ point.”There was a moment where the two of them stood there, shoulder to shoulder, as they clearly contemplated their respective next moves. As if their thoughts mirrored one another exactly, they both looked to basement stairs. Despite the heavy darkness into which they descended, they seemed almost normal. The door hung still on its hinges, nothing creaked or groaned.…Until something that had looked like just a shadow opened bright, opaque white eyes, revealing its height with their placement as being far taller than either of them.The thing scanned the kitchen until it spotted the two cousins, tilting its head as it blinked at them owlishly.Then it revealed it had a mouth - a surprisingly large one, with too many teeth - when it grinned at them soundlessly, the head tilting much farther to one side than a normal neck should allow.“…You know what,” Rora said, her voice carefully calm as she stared at the figure with wide eyes. “I think I’m going to go get dressed now.”“Claro,” Hector agreed, nodding as he also kept eyes on the thing’s teeth. “I’m, uh. Gonna go see if Max needs a hand. With the family. And stuff.”He looked around when Rora didn’t answer him, and, seeing that she had already silently backed up most of the way through the kitchen, hastily stumbled after her.Hector paused in the kitchen doorway and turned back, fingers fixed to give the creature the international hand gesture for ‘I’m watching you’ - but the thing was already gone, leaving the light to the stairs cheerfully on in its place.Rora grabbed the collar of his shirt, dragging him quickly from the kitchen.When they left, the basement door swung closed, the lock clicking into place.-Maxi was already on the front porch when the little sedan pulled up, suit jacket back on, tie straightened, and hair hastily smothered back into place.He had the notes from the initial phone call in a leather binder, and was already trying to stop worrying his lip with his teeth. It was bad enough that Rora and Hector were both back and likely primed to cause all sorts of chaos, but this would have been a difficult case even without them here. The would-be guest of honor had been young. The death had been abrupt and relatively unexpected. Aneurysms were like that.It seemed the parents were already of two minds how they wanted to handle this. As the decedent was only just recently of age, he couldn’t get around their bickering with a concrete will or last wishes or anything. They were just gone, leaving a blistering absence in their wake.It wasn’t an unfamiliar situation. But that didn’t make it any easier.He tried not to stare, to look thoughtfully preoccupied with the papers in the binder when he noticed the mother - maybe early forties at most - start to break down again behind her steering wheel. People who were already pre-disposed to be criers were even more likely to do so when they were parents… most of the time. He waited for the woman to compose herself, only looking up and offering her a small smile when she actually got out of her car and walked towards him. “Mrs. Landry. Hi. I’m Maxi, we spoke on the phone?”“Yes. Hi there,” she nodded, doing her best to force a smile in return as he held the door open for her. They made the barest amount of idle chit-chat as he walked her into the parlor (frowning at the dirt from Hector’s boots on the carpet he’d just cleaned, goddamnit) and sat her down, cursing both his relatives for not letting him have time to make snacks. “D’you want anything? Water, iced tea?” He gestured slightly to the kitchen door, not far off. Even if they didn’t eat - and parents usually didn’t - having the kitchen smell like baked goods at least made things slightly less miserable. Like maybe they could pretend they were just in someone’s house, and there wasn’t a crematorium in the upper basement just beneath their feet.She shook her head, as he knew she would. He offered her the good couch (not the one you two had, er, frequented) and resigned himself to an antique loveseat with a much too-rigid back. “So,” he said, taking a breath as he opened his binder and pulled a pen out of his suit jacket. This was going to suck. He paused before he began, glancing to where she seemed to only sit on one side of the couch. “…Are we waiting on Mr. Landry?” Maxi was rather good at reading faces - he had to be - but for a moment, hers truly stumped him. There was a flash of sadness, of course, but something else - rage? - that she seemed to sweep away hastily as she cleared her throat. “I’m not sure he’ll be coming.”Maxi nodded slowly. “These kinds of decisions can be difficult, of course—““No,” she said quietly, and he paused. She was a somewhat meek woman, with bobbed mousy brown hair and simple wire-framed glasses. Maxi thought she looked like more of a Spring in terms of colors. He could tell that the black shirtdress she was wearing probably didn’t get a lot of use, maybe something from the back of her closet. Something she only wore when she had to. “No, it’s not that.” She swallowed again, harder, like she was trying to choke something down.“…Ma’am,” Maxi said softly, moving to the edge of his seat. He waited until she looked at him, trying to read her face again. “If there’s anything I can help with, in this regard, or in terms of the process, I’d love to—““I told him he’s not allowed to come,” Mrs. Landry said, almost too fast for him to hear properly.Maxi blinked. “…Okay,” he said slowly, nodding again. This wasn’t totally unfamiliar either - death often broke cracks that had long existed in relationships wide open. “If he shows up after all, would you like me to show him out?”“Yes. …No,” Mrs. Landry blinked, tears returning to her eyes. “I don’t know.”Maxi kept his eyes on her face, scooping up the tissue box on the table next to him and extending it to her.She took it gratefully, setting it next to her on the couch as she wiped her eyes with one. “I just… I don’t want him to not be here,” she explained quietly, looking at Maxi. “On some level. He’s… he’s her— their dad.” She sniffled. “I want him to be here for them. They deserve that.” She blinked hard, her face crumpling. “No one shouldn’t have their parents not come to their funeral. That’s cruel.”Maxi kept his mouth shut. Sometimes that was exactly the opposite of what people needed. He’d seen that himself. Instead, he waited, hands folded in front of him as he let her gather herself.She took a deep, shuddering breath, trying to collect herself. “…But he won’t use their name,” she explained quietly. She sniffled, looking to Maxi again. “The right one, the— the one she— they,” she corrected herself, swallowing hard. “Picked out. You know.”she said weakly, shrugging. “They knew who they were. It wasn’t the one I— we… chose for them,” she trailed off again, turning her head to stare sightlessly out the window. “…But they loved theirs,” she said quietly, smiling just slightly. “And it made them so happy.”Oh. Oh, oh, oh. Maxi quietly took a deep breath, straightening up slightly. This was about to get so much worse than he thought. He looked down at his shoes briefly, trying to think quickly, and for a moment he desperately wished you were here. Not that you needed to see… this, especially when you had probably dealt with some version of it yourself. He knew, at least on some level, what it felt like when you weren’t who your family expected you to be. He could only imagine that was far more intense if you actually wound up changing the parts of yourself other people felt they had a right to claim, however misguided their feeling. But he just wanted to be able to look at you, to read in your face if he was saying the right thing, or if he needed to do something else. To maybe hold your hand, or have you hold his. Things like this were… harder for him, now, by proxy. It was difficult for him not to wonder in the moment if someone had hurt you in a way like this before. If someone you thought loved you had ever acted like you were only allowed to be who they thought you were.Gathering himself, he looked to Mrs. Landry again. “I’m so sorry,” he said quietly, and she snapped out of her reverie. “It’s already hard enough to lose a loved one,” he kept his voice level. “I’m sure this doesn’t help.” He hesitated a moment before extending his hand in her direction, palm upturned. “Please understand that I’ll do anything you wish to help them be remembered for who they were.”She blinked, as if she hadn’t expected this. Maxi tried not to take it personally - between the suit and the accent, he knew sometimes it was hard for people to tell right away what kind of funeral home he ran. Especially down here. Hesitantly, she adjusted in her seat, scooting forward slightly herself. She looked at Maxi’s hand for a moment… before gently accepting it, holding it for just a second. She gave him a watery smile, just this side of more tears. “That’s… that’s good.” She nodded, gathering herself again. “I wasn’t…” she paused, swallowing hard. “I don’t know how all this goes,” she confessed. “I haven’t sorted out a plan for- for this, myself, I just haven’t had time,” she laughed, the sound cracking slightly in her throat. “And I figured, ‘what does it matter? I’ll be dead’.” She blinked hard, the tears returning. “‘I know my… my Casey will do the right thing for me.’” She bit her lip hard as it trembled. “They were always so smart, you know? And gentle. And kind.” She looked at Maxi, still trying to smile even as she started to cry. “I was never afraid of them burying me. That’s what’s supposed to happen.” Gently, her shoulders started to shake. “I’m not supposed to bury my baby, Mr. Morvant.” She pulled her hand away to cover her face as she fully broke down. Maxi started to rise, to go join her on the couch, when he felt a hand on his shoulder hold him in place. He looked up to see Rora standing behind him, apparently recently showered, wearing one of his spare white dress shirts with the sleeves rolled up to her elbows and a pair of what he guessed had been their mother’s wide-legged black slacks. He followed movement out of the corner of his eye to see Hector sit down next to Mrs. Landry, handing her a glass of ice water. She looked up at him from her hands, surprised, then clearly a little perplexed and flustered to see someone like Hector smiling gently at her. Maxi had to resist the urge to roll his eyes - Hector had always always the pretty boy of the family. Combined with the fact that he had clearly combed his hair back into a small ponytail and was wearing a set of Maxi’s freshly laundered (goddamnit!) work clothes, he cut quite the figure.Well, at least Mrs. Landry was feeling better, he supposed. She smiled genuinely as he introduced himself in a whisper, gratefully accepting the water and taking a sip. Maxi had to do his best not to show any visible concern as she did so, keeping his feet firmly on the ground as he fought the urge to quickly knock the glass away. Frowning, he glanced to Hector - he wouldn’t, would he? He was awful, but not that much of a fucking monster, right?Hector must have noticed Maxi staring at him, because he quickly rolled his eyes and, just imperceptibly, shook his head. No, there wasn’t anything in the water.Maxi had to not flinch as Rora lightly smacked the back of his head, as if shaming him for the idea that the most active killer between the three of them could possibly poison a grieving mother. Maxi shot her an annoyed look before straightening up again in his chair. “My cousin, Rora,” he explained, gesturing to her when Mrs. Landry gave him a questioning look. “You’ve met my other cousin Hector,” he said, nodding to her left and doing his best not to roll his eyes in the process. “They’re…” he paused for just a second, too used to handling everything himself to think of things they could feasibly be doing here.“Business associates,” Rora said, giving her a polished smile. “We’re going to be helping out while we’re staying in town for a month or so.”“Or however long they end up staying, maybe less,” Maxi said a little too quickly, giving them both a subtle warning look before looking back to Mrs. Landry. “Now then, Mrs.—““Oh, call me Eileen,” Mrs. Landry said, giving Hector another watery smile as she did so. She looked quickly back to Maxi, remembering who she was taking to. “If that’s alright with you.”“Of course,” said Maxi, just relieved that at least she was starting to feel comfortable. “Now, Miz Eileen—“Outside, a car door slammed loud enough to cause them all to look toward the window. The small smile dropped immediately off Eileen’s face, replaced with a look of concern. Hector looked from her to Maxi, his brow furrowed in a silent question, and Maxi’s dark expression answered. Hector and Rora exchanged pointed looks as Maxi rose quietly to his feet, straightening his jacket and tie and heading for the front door.He didn’t make it far, as a weather-beaten, red-faced man in jeans and a simple polo shirt walked hastily through the foyer and into the parlor, already wearing a frown. Maxi stopped immediately, folding his hands in front of him and doing his best to put even a fraction of his usual customer service smile back in place. “Mr. Landry, I presume.”“Yeah,” Mr. Landry said simply, folding his arms across his narrow chest. “Took me forever to find the damn place. You started?”Maxi kept his smile in place, but exhaled softly through his nose. Okay then. “We’ve begun discussing the details of your child’s service, yes.”“‘Begun?’” Mr. Landry raised an eyebrow, the hair so light it was nearly a white line on his complexion. He looked to Eileen, the frown deepening into a scowl. “We said we were gonna keep this simple. No viewing, no visitation.”“Ed,” Eileen said, her voice shaking a little despite her best warning tone. “That’s not fair to Casey. Their friends—““Are you still on this?” Ed glowered at Eileen. “Her name was Camille. It was my mother’s name. That’s what’s on the papers, that’s what’s going on the urn. Damn it, Eileen, we’ve been over this. It’s not hard.”“Ed, that’s not right,” Eileen said again, her voice already starting to break. “They didn’t like that name—““Well it’s the one we gave her,” Ed said, with a flat tone of near boredom. “If she hated it so much, she should’ve filed the paperwork. Otherwise, it’s what we have. I already compromised with you, Eileen,” he snapped. “You didn’t want her in a dress, so I said closed casket. You said she didn’t want to be buried in the family plot - the one we’ve had for years, so there goes that money, by the way - so I said we’d cremate her. You wanted her weird classmates there, I didn’t, so we said no viewing, period. I’m already having to bury my kid without the blessing of my family, so I’ll be damned if I’m going to give you another inch, you hear me? Now, if you’ll quit with this bullshit—““That’s enough,” Maxi cut in, his tone surprising everyone was the customer service act dropped entirely.Ed rounded on Maxi. “Excuse me?”“I’m sorry, I’ll speak up,” Maxi said, his tone just barely civil. “That’s. Enough. Sir.”As his back was to them, he didn’t see Rora and Hector silently exchange a surprised look. Maxi had always been the quiet, eager to please one of the bunch. This was something… new.Ed’s nostrils flared, walking over to Maxi with a finger pointing accusatorily. “Now I don’t know where you get off, son,” he said, pointing vigorously despite only coming up to Maxi’s chest. “I’m the one that’s payin’ for all this, and as my daughter’s next of kin, I have rights—““So does Mrs. Landry,” said Maxi, enunciating every word with ice. “And as the mortician in residence here, so do I. Now, you will either respect the name of the deceased, and their wishes as enacted by their mother,” he said, nodding to Mrs. Landry. “Or I’m going to have to ask you to leave the premises.”“Like hell,” Ed sneered. “You make me walk, son, and I’ll take my daughter with me. I’ll go all the way to Port Barre if I have to, but I’m burying her like she was made, damn it.”“Ed, no!” Eileen was suddenly also on her feet, her tears turned cold in her sadness and anger. “You leave that young man alone, he’s doing his job—““Yeah, we’ll see about that,” Ed glared at Eileen before looking back to Maxi. “I want to talk to your supervisor, boy, and I want you to tell me how long you’ve worked here - and don’t count tomorrow.”Maxi stared down at Ed with all the quiet stillness of a cat sighting a moth with a crumpled wing. The room was so quiet, you could’ve heard a ghost cough. Hector and Rora looked to each other again, as if trying to decide between the two of them if they should intervene.Finally, Maxi smiled. It was small, a fraction of his usual shtick. But it was so coldly genuine, as if at some sort of grim unheard joke, that Ed Landry visibly balked slightly in surprise.“Of course, sir,” he said, his tone light again. “It’d be our pleasure.” His eyes cut to the parlor. “Hector. Rora.”The two perked up at their names, curious.“Would you mind showin’ Mr. Landry here to the office in the basement?” Maxi’s tone was even, his hands still clasped together. “I’m going to show Mrs. Landry out to her car.” He looked to Eileen, his smile softening. “Unless you wish to stay, ma’am?”Eileen shook her head, looking mortified, as Maxi had anticipated she would. Perfect, he wouldn’t have to find an excuse to ask her to leave. She gathered her purse, sniffling slightly in her embarrassment. “I’m so sorry,” she whispered to Hector, sliding past him towards the door.“De nada, Miss Eileen,” Hector shrugged, his own small smile in place. “I do hope we can work things out.”Eileen gave Hector a weak smile, ducking her head as she walked towards the door.Ed watched her go with a venomous expression, but jumped slightly when Rora approached his other side, having not heard her move. “If you’ll follow me, Mr. Landry,” she said, her tone soft as she lightly rested her fingers on his shoulder.Ed Landry nodded tersely, but walked after Rora as she headed for the kitchen, looking somewhat intrigued by the woman with the long black hair. She locked eyes with both Hector and Maxi in turn before she disappeared from view.Maxi and Hector exchanged a look of their own before Maxi offered his arm to Eileen, smiling sadly as she took it. As he escorted her to the door, Hector watched them go.When it had shut behind them, he walked through the show parlor to the living room, reaching under the old armchair to drag out his duffel bag where he’d stashed it walking in. Out of a cushioned camera case, he pulled one of his nicer models, adjusting the settings and the focus briefly.He paused as he left the living room, frowning at the large gap where the couch had been for so long, before simply shaking his head and heading for the basement with his camera in hand.- “I’m so sorry about that, Mr. Maxi,” Eileen said, her arm through his as he walked her back into the late afternoon sun. “Ed has just been… impossible,” she sighed, sounding bone-tired. “He has for a long time.”“There’s no need for you to apologize, Miz Eileen,” Maxi said quietly. “I’m sure havin’ your partner being belligerent about your child’s last wishes has just made everything so much harder. Especially when he should be a source of support for you right now.”Eileen shook her head. “He couldn’t even humor Casey when they were alive,” she said quietly. “I don’t know why I expected him to change when— when they…” She swallowed audibly, clearly still having trouble with the words.Maxi covered her hand on his arm with his own, and she looked up at him. “People can be so scared of change,” he said softly. “I see it a lot in my line of work. Loss is just another form of that.” He shrugged a shoulder. “We like to think that people will suddenly get their priorities straight when we lose someone, and our whole world changes,” he went on. “But sometimes, that just pushes them further back into their own fear.”They stopped by Eileen’s little gray car, Maxi letting go of her arm to fall back into his default work stance - straight back, hands clasped, clearly a sign of years of enforced habit. “…If I may, ma’am,” he added, causing Eileen to pause as she dug for her keys. “I didn’t know Casey, obviously,” he said, meeting her eyes pointedly. “But I imagine they would be very proud of you, for how brave you’ve been about handlin’ this alone.”Eileen blinked, taken aback by this unexpected gentleness. She tried her best to smile, her eyes still watery, before abruptly crushing Maxi in a hug.Maxi hesitated for a moment, trying to decide what would be most appropriate… before gently putting a hand between the woman’s shoulders, hugging her lightly back.“Thank you,” she said in a near-whisper, wiping her eyes when she at last pushed away. “And again, I’m sorry about…” she gestured back towards the house with a roll of her eyes. “Please don’t let him give you any trouble. And,” she added, suddenly concerned. “I… I would very much like to keep Casey… here,” she said, nodding. “If you don’t object, that is— you have every right to say no, I read about that—““Miz Eileen,” Maxi said, giving her a reassuring smile. “So long as you would like me to handle Casey’s service, I will. We’ll make sure they’re remembered how they deserve to be. Don’t worry about Mr. Landry,” he waved a hand casually. “I’m sure we’ll come to a suitable arrangement on all sides.”With a last smile between them - a hopeful one on Eileen’s end, a serene one on Maxi’s - he watched her drive off, waving as she turned off down the end of the long driveway that led back to the house. As soon as she was out of sight, the smile neatly disappeared, replaced with a grim certainty. With a sigh, Maxi headed back to the mortuary, already silhouetted by the setting fall sun. He could see the curtains fluttering expectantly in the windows as the House anticipated its next feeding.-As he descended the basement stairs, shedding his suit jacket and rolling up his sleeves, he could already hear Rora and Hector doing their best to placate an ornery Mr. Landry.“What the hell does he mean by havin’ y’all bring me down here?”“This is his office, sir. This is where he handles the majority of our cases.” There was Rora.“It’s morbid, is what it is! He’s lucky I don’t report him to the local branch of the Better Business Bureau!”“You knew what a mortuary was when you came here, right?” Maxi rolled his eyes slightly - Hector was never the best person to have on customer service.“Are you getting smart with me, young man?”When Maxi descended the stairs, he found Landry with his back to the door, Rora and Hector in front of him. Hector leaned against a prep table, frowning with his arms folded as he tried to visibly restrain an eye roll. Rora was standing straight, sizing Landry up in front of her like she was considering the menu at a particularly uninspired restaurant.For a moment, Maxi wondered if it wouldn’t just be better to take the scalpel in his pocket and cut the man’s carotid. He’d have to watch the spray, of course - he’d bet more basement gold that his blood pressure was absurdly high - but shutting this little nuisance up forever, unceremoniously, was tempting.But then he remembered how the man shit-talked his own dead kid, and then he thought of you. And he decided that perhaps Ed Landry deserved something a little… extra.“Mr. Landry,” he called, his tone casual as he reached the floor. “I apologize for keepin’ you waiting.”“And you did,” Landry said, whipping around to face him - and, critically, turning his back on Rora and Hector, whose eyes sharpened to reflect this. “What on earth took you so long? Eileen’s not bright, but she can walk to her damn car by herself, I know that much.”Maxi paused, freezing mid-step as the corner of his mouth twitched. “Straight to business, then,” he muttered, loosening his tie.“I don’t know what you mean by business,” Ed Landry went on, oblivious. “But you’re doin’ a piss poor job running this one. I’ll be surprised if y’all are still open in a year, I’ll give you such a time on Yelp—““You know, sir,” Maxi said, his cold smile returning as a full-fledged, off-putting grin. “You really could’ve just kept your mouth shut and saved yourself all this.”Landry spluttered. “Excuse me?!”“No, I don’t think I will,” Maxi advanced on Ed Landry with slow, even steps, towering over the smaller man and causing him to back up haltingly. “You were boorish in my house, and you were rude to your wife - but above all,” he added, the lightness leaving his voice with every step. “You disrespected not only the dead, but your own blood.” Maxi kept eye contact as he tilted his neck from side to side, cracking it loudly. “Do you have anything to say for yourself before you can’t, sir?”“Are- are you threatening me?” Ed asked, half enraged, half panicking as he finally realized just how outnumbered he was. He looked between Rora and Hector, frowning. “Aren’t you goin’ to do something?”“Of course they are,” Maxi said, his tone bright for a moment. He looked to the other two. “Hold him down.”Rora and Hector moved, each grabbing one of Ed Landry’s arms and dragging him back onto a metal prep table. The two of them seemed to share Maxi’s surprising strength, each clamping down on the bigger man’s arm to hold him steadily as he thrashed.“What- what are you—?!”“Still runnin’ that mouth of yours,” Maxi sighed, pulling a pair of black latex gloves onto each hand. “It’s fine, we’ll fix it.” He reached for a silver pen-looking object, checking to make sure the needle injector was loaded before he walked over to the table.He leaned between Rora and Hector where Ed Landry was still struggling, grabbing the older man’s chin in his hand to hold him still, and forcing two fingers under his lips to reveal his gums. “If you’d hold still, this won’t be crooked.”“Jesus, just get on with it,” Rora sighed, rolling her eyes.Maxi shot her a look before setting the tip of the needle injector against Landry’s upper gums. “Spray incoming,” he warned, before he fired the injector directly through the gums and teeth with a loud, crunching click.Landry screamed as the metal needle was forced through his flesh and bone, blood indeed spattering the three Morvants as he thrashed against their grip. Hector only looked annoyed, using his free hand to push Landry’s head down against the steel table as Maxi pried his jaw open to reveal the gums of the mandible. Rora visibly pouted as the blood stained the shirt she was wearing.“Two,” Maxi called, before injecting the needle into the lower gums with a crunch. He set the gun aside as Landry began openly sobbing in pain, howling against the metal wires protruding through his mouth.“If you keep hollerin’ like that,” Maxi said loudly, bringing his elbow down hard onto Landry’s nose to shut him up. “You’re gonna tear your mouth when I wire it, Mr. Landry.”“Wait, you’re gonna what?” Hector leaned forward, suddenly curious.“Oh, come on,” Rora sighed. “Dad used to do this all the time, it’s not new.”“Well I never got to see it,” Hector looked to Rora, pouting slightly now himself. “Here, look,” Maxi said patiently, like he was showing a student. Wiping away the blood from Landry’s gums and now broken nose, he seized the two metal wires protruding inside his mouth, pulling them together. Landry started to choke on the blood quickly filling his mouth as it was forced closed, and Rora pushed down on his chest, holding him still as Maxi’s fingers nimbly tied the wires together.“So that just keeps the mouth from fallin’ open during a viewing, right?” Maxi explained. “But if we keep tightenin’ it—“ As he continued to twine the wires together, the two jaws were pulled closer and closer together, a curious reddish gleam shining off the metal as Maxi’s fingers continued to work. With a final closing twist, Ed Landry’s jaw was wired shut forever, muffling his cries and his spluttering choking on his own blood. He lay there, looking up at the three Morvants and whimpering brokenly, his red eyes frantically rolling between the three as he tried to figure out who might inflict the next horror.“…Well that’s cool,” Hector said, leaning back with a slightly impressed expression. Turning, he pulled his camera from the counter where he’d set it, taking a few close detail shots of Landry’s mutilated gums.Maxi blinked. “You’re still doin’ that, huh?”“Hey, man,” Hector nudged him with an elbow. “I saw a brochure in your room for a conference about putting makeup on corpses. You don’t get to judge.”“It’s literally for my job,” Maxi said, exasperated. “Whatever you tell yourself, primo,” Hector shrugged, moving around the table to get a different angle.“Are we just leaving him here, or…?” Rora gestured vaguely, looking bored already.Maxi shrugged. “Whatever y’all wanna do.” He walked over to a cabinet on the far side of the room, opening a wood-paneled door — to reveal a hidden mini-fridge. He reached into that, pulling out a beer before turning to his family with it held aloft. “Anyone else?”“Convenient,” Hector beamed, holding up a hand. Maxi tossed him a bottle, making sure he was focused enough to catch it first, and glanced to Rora. Rora held up a hand as well, looking surprised. “So you kept some of Daddy’s bad habits after all.” She caught it effortlessly.“Not the worst ones,” Maxi sighed, opening his own bottle and taking a long swig. He leaned back against the counter, staring at Landry’s pleading eyes absently, as if pondering something. “I drink maybe a pack a week, if that. Not one a day.”“And do you finish that with help?” Rora asked, raising an eyebrow.“Don’t,” Maxi said sharply, glaring at Rora.“What?” Rora shrugged, adopting a faux innocent expression. “My big brother has a crush. I just want to get to know them.”“Do they know?” Hector asked, looking up from where he was flipping through his photos. “That’s rad, man, good for you.”“Of course they don’t know,” Maxi muttered, rolling his eyes. “God, no. Like I’d ever want to show them… this.” He gestured towards Landry’s limp and moaning form with an expression of disgust.“Oh, get off your high horse,” Rora rolled her eyes. “‘Boo hoo, my girlfriend doesn’t know I’m a necromancer scion,’ grow up.” “I told you to drop it, Aurore,” Maxi snapped at her.“Don’t talk to her that way,” Hector interjected, standing up straight suddenly. He moved to stand next to Rora, taking a long swig of his own beer. “And besides, she’s right. Do they even know you at all? Have you been honest with them even a little bit, about any of this?”“My life is none of y’all’s business,” Maxi said, staring them both down. “It hasn’t been for years.”“Yeah, you made sure of that,” Hector muttered.“You left first, may I remind you?” Maxi snarled, his glare suddenly with a newfound layer of hurt. “And even when I did find you again, all you wanted to do was kill people at random. There was no art to it, no decision-making—““Well maybe not all of us have to run through a full pro and con list and a background check first, Max,” Hector retorted. “Maybe some of us actually want to live in the moment, hear the music in someone’s veins—““And how many times have you started your Chain over, Hector?” Maxi asked flatly, as if this question proved his point.Hector’s jaw clenched, glaring Maxi down despite his clear embarrassment. “Fuck you.”“Oh, right, like you’re doing so amazing, being a teetotaler about all this,” Rora said, putting a protective hand on Hector’s shoulder. “And just how far along are you then, sweetheart?” The epithet dripped with venom.“I have twelve.” Maxi said, not looking at either of them as he took another sip of his beer.He continued not to meet their eyes as their stunned silence filled the room, leaving only the frantic bloodied mumbling of their shared victim the only sound.“…You’re fucking with me,” Hector said, his dark eyes narrowed with scrutiny.“I’m not,” Maxi said, turning back at last to meet their eyes with a gaze that was open, if not somewhat… haunted. Rora shook her head, incredulous. “Bullshit. There’s no way.” She looked between the two men. “I’ve been here, in this house, the whole time, I would have seen you get twelve links.”Maxi pulled the latex gloves off his pianist’s fingers. “Dad was my first, the King,” he said, counting off a thumb on his left hand. “And you were still… elsewhere, for that one.” Rora looked away, suddenly sheepish. “I got two through seven when I left for a while. Hell, I was with you for two of ‘em.” He nodded in Hector’s direction. “The rest I got when I came back and opened up again.”Hector frowned. “I thought I imagined those when I was high.”“You were,” Maxi rolled his eyes, although it wasn’t without some affection. “Kept talkin’ about the pretty glowing lights both times while I had to drag the bodies off myself in the middle of—““But which two?” Hector interrupted. “What ones could you have possibly found over there?”“The Martyr and the Healer.” He shrugged.“Oh, fuck off,” Hector groaned, shooting Maxi a dirty look. “You seriously found two of the hardest deaths and I was right there? Fucking seriously?”“So what are you missing?” Rora cut in, wanting to get straight to the point.Maxi’s gaze was listless as he took another swig of his beer. “You know which one I’m missin’. It’s the one everyone misses.”“The Obsession.” Rora said, half to herself. Maxi merely grunted in the affirmative, staring into space.“Oh,” Hector suddenly seemed to cheer up considerably. “Well, shit, okay. So you’re really not even close then.” He stroked his beard as he looked back down at his camera, his eyes bright again. “I still have time.”“And what’re you at?” Maxi drawled, looking to Hector with a raised eyebrow.“Eight, fuck you very much,” Hector said, straightening up to his full height. “So you better watch your back, pendejo, because we both know I can close that gap like nothing.” He snapped his fingers sharply for emphasis.“Is one of the four you’re missing also the Obsession?” Maxi shot back, sounding almost bored.Hector deflated just slightly, looking back down to his camera with a small sulking frown instead of answering.“Mmhm.” Maxi hummed, finishing the bottle in his hand. “I think my back’s just fine, thank you.” He looked to Rora. “And I’m guessing your Chain broke when you kicked it the first time.”“It doesn’t matter,” Rora said, her eyes like ice. “I can find the first twelve in no time.”“But between the three of us - and, I mean this with all the love in the world, especially you two,” Maxi said, with a small smirk that no one could quite decide if it was sarcastic or affectionate. “No one is findin’ the Obsession anytime soon, so I don’t know what y’all are doin’ here thinkin’ y’all have any claim to the title. They Who Decide can throw a hissy fit right there on the front porch, if they want to, but if none of us have a full Chain then they can’t do shit about it. I mean, hell, if they want to, they can take it up with the ones who set the damn spell.” He nodded towards the grate in the prep room floor. “But I doubt it would go anywhere.” He sat back against the counter with a shrug, smiling slightly still. He’d obviously been thinking about this for a long while, and this loophole was, admittedly, a rather elegant solution, if you happened to be someone who didn’t want a blood curse to continue. “…But you’re not actually missing the Obsession,” Rora said, having watched Maxi without blinking for quite a few minutes now. “Are you?”Maxi’s smile faltered for a minute as his eyes cut to his sister.Hector looked from Maxi to Rora, intrigued. “What?”“No,” Rora said slowly, circling around the table without taking her eyes off her brother the whole time. “Because you’ve been awfully protective of that new little playmate of yours, aren’t you?” Maxi flattened his back somewhat against the cabinet, watching Rora warily.“And earlier,” she continued, pacing casually towards Maxi as she thoughtfully tapped her chin. “When we were talking about them, you seemed awful keen not to look me in the eye, sweet pea.”“You haven’t exactly been the most supportive sister in the past, Ror,” Maxi said, tone even. “And you’ll forgive me if I want to keep that part of my life to myself.” That said, he pushed off from the counter, walking towards where Ed Landry was still wriggling and meebling weakly on the table through the immense, blinding pain in his mouth. “Anyway, I was goin’ to—“Hector moved quickly around the other side of the table to cut him off as Rora walked up behind him, and together, the two of them shoved him around before pinning him with his back against the empty steel surface.Maxi was a bit quicker on the draw than poor Ed, cracking a left hook right into Hector’s lip and busting it wide open as he went down. Hector hissed in pain but only redoubled his efforts, putting all his weight on Maxi’s shoulder and right arm so he couldn’t sit up.“If you don’t let the fuck go of me right the fuck now, I’ll have both your molars—“ Maxi snarled, only to have Rora shove his latex gloves in his mouth as a gag.“Hush now,” she said, leaning hard on Maxi’s left arm to pin it down and looking closely at his. eyes. Maxi was still yelling all sorts of epithets as best he could around the bloody latex, trying his best to throw both of them off, but she rolled her eyes, pulling a scalpel off the nearby counter and holding it to his jugular. “Hold still, or you’re goin’ on your next date with no skin to speak of.”Maxi stilled reluctantly, but if looks could kill, Rora’s brains would’ve been splattered on the ceiling. Stubbornly, he closed his eyes, only for Hector and Rora to each reach up and pull one open as best they could. Rora nodded to Hector silently, and he leaned closer to Maxi’s face, making direct eye contact. “I’m going to find that little friend of yours,” he said, his voice a harsh whisper. “And I’m going to take their pretty eyes for my collection—“Maxi’s eyes did something  then that only the other Morvants would have expected: they rolled back until they were, abruptly, entirely black. The same reddish gleam that danced over the wires in Ed Landry’s mouth danced over Maxi’s palm, knuckles, and fingers, and he kicked against Hector’s left knee. Hector dropped with a yelp, and Maxi shoved Rora forcefully into a cabinet before kneeling hard on Hector’s chest to pin him to the floor.Maxi pressed his now glowing palm over Hector’s mouth, and Hector’s eyes went wide as the flesh around where their skin connected quickly started to gray -“He rescinds the threat!” Rora yelped, running over and trying to pull Maxi backwards off Hector. “He rescinds the threat, let him go!”At these words, Maxi’s hand stopped glowing, and the Hector’s skin quickly started to regain its color. As Maxi’s eyes faded back to normal, he abruptly inhaled deeply, like he’d been holding his breath. He frowned, looking between Hector and Rora, as if not sure how he got there… before standing suddenly, backing away from them as if repelled.“…So it is her,” Hector said from the floor, sitting up just slightly with a wince.Maxi shook his head quickly with a wide-eyed look of horror, disbelieving… before turning and kicking the leg of the prep table hard, unable to contain an anguished, wordless roar.He rounded on Aurore. “I TOLD YOU TO LEAVE IT THE FUCK ALONE!”Rora didn’t even flinch, leaning over to help pull Hector back to his feet. “How long have you known?”Maxi was panting, trying to get his breath back as he ran a hand under his glasses and over his face. “…The last time they spent the night,” he said, his voice strained. He put his hands on his head like he had just run a marathon, still trying to breathe normally. “…So two weeks now.” Rora said, doing the math. She folded her arms, her face dispassionate. “And you were just going, to… what? Let them live?”“Yes,” Maxi growled through gritted teeth, furious again as his arms dropped. “Yes, I am.”“Dude, you have your thirteenth, what are you doing?” Hector shook his head, incredulous. “If you’re so worried about either of us getting the mantle, you could have it by sundown. It’s right there.”“Get it through your head,” Maxi said, ice again in every word. “I don’t want it. I haven’t wanted it in a long time,” he said, swallowing hard. “But there’s nothin’ in the world that could make me want it now.”“Nothin’, huh?” Rora tilted her head, sucking on the inside of her cheek. “So you don’t mind staying out of the way so Hector and I can take it for ourselves then?”Maxi continued to glare at her, opening his mouth for a moment before clenching his jaw, staying resolutely silent.“Sucks for you, primo,” Hector said, smirking slightly. “Because that’s your options: kill your darlin’, or stand aside.”“…Fuck both of you,” Maxi spat. “It’s not even like you want it for a good reason, you just want it because it’s there.”“That’s all the reason in the world to want it, man.” Hector’s smirk became a knife-sharp grin. “Go to hell, Hec—“ Maxi’s eyes locked suddenly on something over their shoulders. “Fuck!”Hector and Rora turned to see Ed Landry, having rolled off the table during the scuffle between the relatives, slowly crawling on his hands and knees towards the stairs and leaving blood in a strange snail-like trail behind him. “Would you get him in the goddamn vent?!” Maxi gestured frustratedly to the two closer Morvants.“Chill, Max, we got this.” Hector reached towards Maxi’s instruments table to his right and snatched stainless steel post mortem skull cracker With a calm, patient stride towards the wounded man, he slammed the hammer end down hard onto the back of Landry’s head, the resulting crunch forcing the man’s face straight into the floor and flattening his nose. He expertly flipped it in his hand, digging the hook end into the back of Landry’s neck to drag him backwards.Landry moaned as he was dragged, but that was the closest thing to coherency he’d ever have again. As he continued to trail blood across the floor, now the other way, Rora quick lifted the grate off over the chute before moving to help Hector in his efforts.“C’mon now, Mr. Landry,” Rora cooed. “Can’t have you wanderin’ off on us.” They pulled Landry the rest of the way, carefully stepping over the grate together, before shoving the man in feet first. The last thing they saw was the man’s mashed, mangled face, his tiny eyes blinking out of sync as his body sank with an upsettingly viscous sound from his wounds down the shaft into the waiting basement.Below, a few interested hisses could be heard drifting up from the cavernous dark, slowly coalescing into an ominous hum.“There,” Hector said, twirling the postmortem hammer expertly between his nimble fingers. “Handled. See, Max, you worry too—“ Hector turned back to where Maxi had been standing, frowning. “…Where’d he go?”Rora turned also, looking around to find no one else waiting with them in the prep room. “…Well, son of a bitch,” she muttered, putting her hands on her hips. “He’s faster than I remembered.”From the loading bay door on the other side of the room, they heard the sound of a car starting. They crossed the room to the door’s windows, only just seeing Maxi quickly throwing the hearse into a practiced three-point turn, blood still spattered over his glasses and shirt as he sped down the driveway.“That boy’s gotten so rude since he started livin’ alone, I swear,” she muttered, rolling her eyes. “Tell me about it,” Hector agreed. The two of them stood there for a moment, looking from the window to each other. Hector smiled slightly, still twirling the skull hammer in his right hand absently. “…So I guess we have some catching up to do, while we wait for him to figure his shit out.”Rora hummed thoughtfully, folding her arms and drumming her fingers softly on one bicep. “And then some.”The smile flickered on Hector’s face as he realized Rora wasn’t necessarily looking at him — rather, back to the shaft in the floor, her (now fully green) eyes intensely focused on the source of the growing, harmonizing drone, still the muffled sound of many mouths sewn shut in an attempted chorus. He blinked, looking from her down to the skull hammer in his hand, and for a moment, he pursed his lips as if pondering something himself.After an extended pause, Rora clicked her tongue softly against her teeth, turning and walking back across the prep room to the counter Maxi had been leaning against earlier. Opening the paneled door, she cracked into the mini-fridge, pulling out two more glass bottles and holding one invitingly out to Hector. “Care for another round?”Hector’s smile returned, but this time, it didn’t quite meet his eyes. “I never could say no to you.”He joined her on that side of the table, the sound of both of them opening their beers muffled by the loud bone cracking and sucking noises that had begun echoing up from the chamber below. Neither of them seemed concerned, raising their bottles to a mutual toast. “Well,” Hector said quietly, his smile still on, but subdued. “May the best man win.”“Promise not to take it personal when I do,” Rora said softly, her own smile somehow still sharp in its sweetness.As they each drank, their eyes never left one another’s. Hector kept the skull hammer in his free hand the whole time.Rora tucked a strand of her hair behind her ear, green sparks subtly racing down the strands from her fingertips as she did so.-Maxi didn’t even have to concentrate anymore to drive to your house. He could have done it with his eyes closed, if he really wanted to prove a point.He sat in your driveway, hands still white-knuckle tight around the steering wheel despite having parked the hearse and shut the engine down fifteen minutes ago. Your car was in its usual spot, and he could see your light in your bedroom window through the gathering dusk. But he didn’t want you to see him until his hands could stop shaking whenever he let go.He’d been trying not to admit it to himself, that you’d emerged as the last link in his sacred Chain: a set of thirteen perfect deaths all Morvants had to complete before they could assume the title of house necromancer, and a seat at the table of They Who Decide. Every victim served as a specific sacrifice — something the practitioner was willing to surrender in the name of preserving the family lineage.He knew his father’s Obsession had been his first love. His grandfather’s before him had been the love of his entire life, Maxi’s own grandmother. He had sworn to himself ages ago that while he might love another person, he would never, under any circumstances, let himself fall in love with them for that exact reason.And then you showed up, that day in the cemetery, and simultaneously ruined everything and made it all worthwhile.The other thing he hated to admit, and the thing that was weighing on him most now as he worried his lip with his teeth, was that Hector and Rora had been right: you knew none of this. He had lied to you, and not just by omission. If he was going to choose you, over everything - family, power, immortality - a small, selfish part of him wanted to know you were choosing him too, despite every reason not to. But would it help, truly, to tell you? Was this not simply another act of selfishness on his part? To foist his own misdeeds upon you and ask you to ignore them in the name of a feeling, against all logic and reason?He adjusted his glasses needlessly, just desperate to find something to do with his hands as he tried to keep his breathing under control. If he told you, and you decided to leave - as you had every reason and right to - would the curse implore him to follow you? Or to keep you there? To be honest, magic aside… he wasn’t entirely sure it wouldn’t break him if you did.He swallowed, leaning back against the seat and folding his hands under his arms and against his chest to try to get them still, trying to use any sense of pressure to alleviate the panicked feeling building up in his lungs.If Rora and Hector were going to be around, he had to tell you the truth. It was only fair.But for a few more minutes, he could sit there, staring at the light in your window and pretending everything could still be okay.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  
  
    The first time you saw Maxi Morvant, you sealed your fate.
  

  You didn’t realize it, because it was fairly innocuous at the time. Just two people in the town cemetery, there to talk to the dead. As you do.

  It had been your second or third week since moving within the Parish lines. You’d gotten everything unpacked, your empty house starting to vaguely resemble a home, even if it was one that hadn’t been much lived in yet. But you’d been in the walls too long and it was beginning to feel unreal - like a fever dream, like you would wake up any moment back in your apartment in the city and all these changes would just be the product of a hazy afternoon nap.

  So, as you did whenever you moved somewhere new, you went to play the Graveyard Game.

  It sounded far more sinister than what it actually was. You went to the local graveyard - the closest one to you, or the central one in town, depending on how many cemeteries were available to you in your current place of residence. On your phone, you had a list of names. They were only the names of people you knew or had known… no one who could be buried in this actual place, obviously. But people who were important to you, nonetheless. People whose names would bring you a modicum of comfort no matter where you found them, or how far away you were from them now. You would wander around the headstones, tallying how many times you saw a particular name or combination of them - double points for two names on your list even if they didn’t really go together, triple if you got a perfect first and last combo. If you got whatever arbitrary amount you had decided upon before you left the house, you’d go afterwards to a new spot in town for a milkshake or a coffee (although you usually did that even if you didn’t get the set amount, because you could). It was silly, but it was a good way to get out of your house (and your head, more importantly) while seeing some snippets of local history. The occasional bit of headstone math could reveal someone who died tragically young, or members of a family plot who left this mortal coil close together - whether by illness or heartbreak, you could only speculate.

  You found your new local graveyard between the ruins of a wooden church, the windows shattered and the outside eaten away by weather and time, and a winding road with a sign at the end that apparently marked the whereabouts of the funeral home. Convenient. Having seen no other cars in the cracked pavement lot when you pulled up, you were reasonably confident of having an afternoon to yourself - no kindly old members of the Historical Preservation Society visiting late friends who would offer (determinedly) to squire you around, as you’d encountered before in other towns and other times. 

  You were wrong, of course, but you didn’t know that yet. 

  You’d been there for about an hour, taking the long way through the tombstones rather than just

  making your way down the rows. Half the fun of the game was just meandering, seeing what odd directions you could end up going in based on your own whims. Granted, this didnt always work with smaller cemeteries - the flat ones with flatter stones that left you feeling like you were just walking in circles in a field - but in some larger ones, like this one with its aboveground tombs, it made for a lovely walk. 

  You were looking down at your phone, trying to see which names you hadn’t found yet, when you heard it - or rather, him:

  “Evenin’, Mrs. Botetourt. You’re lookin’ lovely as ever.”

  You froze, having not realized you weren’t here alone. From the voice, he didn’t sound like one of the older gentlemen with too much time on his hands who might want to follow you around for lack of company, but you were still disinclined to reveal yourself just yet. Just in case.

  “I’ll have these weeds clear in just a minute, and then we’ll get to that moss on your headstone - no, ma’am, it’s no trouble at all.”

  You let yourself relax a little as you listened - eavesdropped? - to whoever it was chatting away, accompanied by the soft rooted ripping of pulling weeds by hand. The accent was definitely local, the voice low and smooth as honey and whiskey, and you felt weirdly at ease in the lull of his idle chatter.

  “Now, you remember Miss Maura and them from the hairdresser in the old part of town, right? Well she— no, I know, she never did get your blue rinse quite right, I remember. No, but I was sayin’ - yes, her daughter still works there. But I was— yes, the one with the kids. Yes, they’re cute. Growin’ like these weeds, too. But anyway--“

  Well, whoever he was, he seemed plenty caught up in his… conversation. You smiled to yourself, wondering if this was a friend or neighbor of his he still took the time to chat with, and looked back down to your phone, content to move along and leave him in peace - until, of course, you could swear you felt something catch right around the ankle of your boot, sending you stumbling hard into the aisle between the rows.

  You caught yourself quickly before you could totally fall flat on your face, luckily. In your stumbling, however, you knocked into a wind chime hovering at about shoulder level in a sapling planted in lieu of a typical headstone, causing an eruption of chaotic tinkling before you could get ahold of it to keep it still. “Fucking grace,” you hissed under your breath, praying hope against hope that you hadn’t disturbed the guy a row over. 

  Of course, when he got to his feet, rising from behind the headstones like some sort of specter, you realized you very definitely had. “Uh… hi there?”

  You winced, turning at last to face the person who you’d just interrupted in what was probably a very sentimental catch-up time or whatever… and being struck, for just a moment, by the man looking at you.

  You estimated at a glance that he had about ten years on you, maybe ten and change - but you couldn’t help but notice your fellow graveyard goer was, in fact, rather handsome if a bit disheveled at the moment. He was watching you with a pair of the darkest brown eyes you’d ever seen, behind a pair of black framed glasses that were sliding slightly down his nose from the slight sheen of sweat that covered his face. His dark brown hair was sliding somewhat out of what must have been a style, a few loose strands spilling onto his forehead from the aforementioned heat. He was dressed in the confusing combination of what looked like dress pants and a white tank top, above which you could see the faintest smattering of freckles and just a trace of dark chest hair. You were doing your absolute damnedest not to pay too much attention to that, or the softest hint of a stomach under the cotton, or to the sinewy biceps of his arms at his sides.

  “Shit, I’m so sorry,” you said quickly, holding up an awkward hand. “I didn’t mean to intrude, I’m just looking around and… I’m clumsier than I thought, I guess,” you said, looking uncertainly at the perfectly smooth ground behind you for any sign of what could have tripped you.

  The man amongst the graves followed your gaze, but even more confusingly, stared at the spot where you’d tripped over nothing with the slightest frown - as if in disapproval. “…Sorry about- I mean, don’t be,” he said quickly, looking back to you. “Don’t be sorry. You’re not intrudin’, I’m just doin’ some caretakin’.” He shrugged, a smile coming to his face. He paused again, as if seeing you for the first time - and looking at you just a fraction too long before finding his tongue again, the slightest hitch visible in his breathing for just a second. “I, ah — I’m pretty sure I haven’t seen you before, though?” He tilted his head slightly, as if trying to place you. “Are you lookin’ for someone? I can help you find ‘em, if you’re lost.”

  “No! No, that’s totally okay,” you shook your head, looking back at the grave he’d stood up from - and seeing an assortment of cleaning tools around it, plus a dark squishy gardening knee pad. “I really don’t want to interrupt you if you’re working, I just… I’m new. In town,” you explained quickly. You held up your phone, smiling sheepishly. “I was just getting to know the place.”

  His brow wrinkled, but he looked more amused than confused. “Gettin’ to know the graveyard?”

  You bit your lip and gestured vaguely, totally not sure how you were going to explain this to a stranger when it didn’t make sense to your own friends most of the time. “It’s, um. It’s just this little game I play when I move somewhere new. Not, like, in the sense of disrespecting anything, obviously,” you added hurriedly. “Just, like. I walk around, I look for names of people I know. That sort of thing.”

  “But you said you just moved here,” he said, still looking faintly amused. “You got distant family buried around, then?”

  “Still not quite,” you said, hating how much of this guy’s time you were eating up with your nonsense. “Just, um. People I know from other places. I look for graves with the same names. Or same first names, or last names, or, like, the names combined… yeah.” You rubbed the back of your neck, feeling your cheeks heat from something other than the Louisiana heat. “It’s kinda ridiculous, but it gets me out of the house. But I really didn’t mean to interrupt you,” You awkwardly waved a hand dismissively, not sure what else to do. “Honestly, I’m sorry. I’ll get out of your hair now.”

  “No, it’s fine,” he said hurriedly, pushing his glasses back up his nose by one side of the frames and revealing the slightest smear of grave dirt on his cheek in the process. “Really, I’m just doin’ this because I got done with work early today. You’re not interruptin’ anything, I promise.” He smiled again, and you were caught somewhat off-guard by the warmth in it. “I’m Maxi.”

  You couldn’t help but return his smile as you introduced yourself, somewhat more at ease now. “Nice to meet you, Maxi.”

  “Likewise,” he said, and oddly, he seemed genuine. He gestured hesitatingly to your phone in your hand. “You got your list on there? I could probably point you in the right direction for at least a couple of ‘em, if you’re stuck.”

  “…You know what, actually, sure. I’ll take you up on that.” Well, if he was offering. You walked over towards him, unlocking your phone screen again, and it was only when you looked up that you realized he’d met you halfway, standing in front of you. You had to look up just a bit when he was next to you at his full height, suddenly catching the trace scent of what must be his cologne and the smell of earth mixed with the faintest salt of sweat. You hoped just how much you liked it wasn’t visible on your face, or this would just be all kinds of embarrassing. Okay, so he was cute and seemed to like cemeteries as much as you did - or at least, was comfortable in them. You still had to at least try to be a sensible person.

  To his credit, Maxi didn’t seem to notice whatever lag your brain was operating on. He stood parallel to you, his hand hovering slightly behind your phone as you showed it to him without actually brushing yours. While he scanned the list with a faint pout of concentration, you took a moment to gaze openly at his profile, caught by the shape of his nose and the moles that graced his features. He was handsome, even with the smudge of dirt from where he’d been working. You were having the worst time not reaching up to gently brush it away, your hand lifting for a moment to your side before you caught yourself and quickly shoved it in your pocket. This was literally a perfect stranger, what the hell was wrong with you?

  “…Okay, I got you,” he said, snapping you back to reality when he turned to look at you. “I know where at least three or four of these are, if you want me to draw you a quick map?”

  “Dude, you’re so sweet, but it’s not worth that much trouble,” you said, unable to help a laugh at how determined he was to help you. You’d just been expecting a simple ‘check over that way,’ not anything like this.

  “Oh, it’s no trouble at all, I promise, you’re perfectly fine,” he said, waving a hand as if this was all totally casual. “Hell, I put more than half of ‘em here, I know this place with my eyes closed.”

  This phrasing did give you somewhat of a pause, tilting your head slightly as you tried to figure out exactly what to say to that. “…Oh yeah?”

  “…Because funeral director,” Maxi corrected quickly, his dark eyes going wide for a second. “I mean - I’m the funeral director around here. I, uh, run the funeral home over that way. Morvant Mortuary.” He pointed somewhere behind you, back towards the turnoff you’d passed driving in. “It’s a small town, and I’ve been doin’ this for a while, so, y’know,” he shrugged, his smile somewhat sheepish now. “It’s practically my backyard. …Wait, I mean,” he paused, running a hand under his glasses and down his face. “Not like that—“

  “No, I get you,” you said, unable to help a small giggle at his slight flustering. “Aboveboard, professional burials only here. Definitely not hack jobs in your backyard.”

  Maxi’s smile split into a relieved grin as he laughed. “Yes. Exactly what I was tryin’ to say.” He ran a hand through his hair to push it back, but a couple of loose strands just returned determinedly to his forehead in a way you couldn’t help but find endearing. “I’ll, um. Get you that map.”

  “Sure, take your time,” you said, smiling a little as he headed back to his bundle of cleaning supplies (and definitely trying not to pay attention to how his ass looked in those pants in the process, nope). You fiddled with a loose part of your phone case, idly looking around the cemetery towards the parts you hadn’t seen yet so you weren’t just standing there staring at his well-muscled back. (Jesus, what was wrong with you today? You were acting like you’d never seen someone cute before.)

  You only looked over when, for a moment, you could swear you heard… whispering? Two distinct voices seemed to be coming from where Maxi was currently kneeling in front of Mrs. Botetourt’s headstone, even though he was definitely the only one there. You frowned, looking away again - maybe he just had his headphones come on when he wasn’t wearing them, like while they were sitting on the ground or something? But then again, he’d just been acting like he was talking to someone earlier, hadn’t he…? You’d assumed it was just a cathartic one-sided catch-up with whoever was buried—

  You paused again as something passed by your peripheral vision. Something - or someone - seemed to be standing from the direction you’d come from, near the place where you tripped. You turned entirely around to look, worried you were taking up space when someone was actually trying to mourn… but saw no one. Not a person, not the shape of a person passing by, not even an indent in the grass from where someone had just stepped.

  …Yet when you turned again to look at Maxi, the shape was there again, faintly hunched in the corner of your eye.

  You snapped your head back to look, feeling weirdly watched, but again, there was no one there. You suppressed the vaguest feeling of uneasiness - you’d heard Louisiana cemeteries were different. Maybe a touch more haunted. You were expecting this.

  “—Just fine without y’all’s ‘help’.” You heard a harsh whisper from Maxi’s direction.

  “Sorry?” You said, looking quickly back around in case you’d missed something in your weird feelings.

  Maxi immediately stood up and turned to face you, waving a hand impatiently to his right like he was trying to shoo away a bug. “Sorry, talkin’ to myself,” he said, his sheepish smile back in place. “I’m out here by myself all the time, it’s force of habit.” He paused, rolling his eyes to himself just slightly. “What I meant is, I’m out here a normal amount. For a livin’ person. I’m just… usually alone when I am.” He seemed to glance with irritation to his right again, towards the headstone he’d just been at. 

  “No, you’re good, I get you.” You were unable to help a slight smile. Okay, so he was a little weird. But he definitely wasn’t the worst example of weird you’d ever met. “Makes sense considering you basically live next door, right?” You shoved your hands in your pockets, trying to look casual. “What a way to take your work home with you, though.”

  Maxi let out a genuine laugh at your bad joke - a half giggle half snort that both surprised and charmed you. He blinked, as if surprised himself, before clearing his throat as of to pull himself back together and pushing his sliding glasses up his nose again. “You’re not wrong. …I was thinkin’, um,” he started, running his hand through his hair. “Feel free to say no, if this isn’t somethin’ you’d be up for, of course, but… I was wonderin’ if maybe you wouldn’t mind if I just… showed you around?” He shrugged. “Again, if you’d prefer to find ‘em yourself, that’s totally fine by me, obviously. I’ll even still draw the map, if you like. I just- you’re new, and I thought I’d offer. At least.” He seemed like he was cutting himself off, giving you a smile that reached his eyes - but still seemed just a tinge… nervous, of all things.

  You weighed your options. You’d been wary of picking up a would-be tour guide, but your past experiences had all been with well-meaning septuagenarians who were eager to have someone new to rehash the inherited town grudges to. Maxi seemed to have no interest in that - rather, he genuinely seemed to just want be helpful on this strange little made-up errand of yours. Maybe, also, to have some company that wasn’t just a memory of a person. 

  “Yeah, okay,” you said at last. The way he seemed almost surprised that you said yes made you smile a little more.

  “Yeah?” Maxi asked, his own smile a bit less shy but still no less frustratingly adorable. 

  “I mean, why not?” You shrugged. “Who am I to turn down help from an expert, right? Especially if you’re the one who… got everyone settled.” This was the first person in a long time you’d felt comfortable just making weird jokes with. These sorts of trips weren’t things you could easily talk your friends into, and your interest in gravesites and memorials was something that was very much just yours in your family.

  “Mm, settled is relative around here,” Maxi joked back with a horizontal wiggle of his hand. “Here, let me get this together and I’ll be right with you.” 

  He gathered his restoration supplies into an old canvas bag (with a couple of small pins on the front, you noted, that looked like a ghost and a skull, which made him somehow more adorable) and, of all things, gave you a small, theatrical bow. “After you.”

  You giggled despite yourself, admittedly already charmed. “Why thank you, sir.”

  As he followed after you, checking your list again over your shoulder, you could you swear you saw him turn and wave at Mrs. Botetourt’s headstone as the two of you walked away.

  Even stranger… you could almost swear you saw the movement of something waving back.

  You turned again, determined to see who was behind the pair of you. 

  “You okay?” Maxi asked, raising an eyebrow at your sudden change in direction.

  “…Yeah,” you said slowly, finding there was still nothing but empty churchyard behind the pair of you. You looked back to his quizzical expression with a shy smile of your own. “I just keep thinking I see things that aren’t there, that’s all.” You shrugged half-heartedly. “I mean, I’m in a cemetery, so I don’t know what I’m expecting, y’know? I’m probably doing it to myself.”

  Maxi didn’t immediately brush this off, instead watching you intently for a moment with a tilt of his head… before smiling amiably. “’Tis the season.”

  You felt yourself relax a bit when he didn’t make fun of you - the people who usually didn’t come on these trips with you to begin with would’ve teased you mercilessly about it after, if you’d tried to tell them you thought you saw something. “I assume you get that all the time around here?”

  “Oh, darlin’, you have no idea,” Maxi half-sighed, partially to himself. He caught himself abruptly, looking to you with just the faintest blush you couldn’t totally attribute to the humid weather. “Sorry — that’s just, uh. Also a habit. I can cut that out if that’s too familiar.”

  You shook your head, biting your lip to keep from giggling again. “No, that’s fine. I don’t mind if it’s you.” You paused, catching yourself now. “As opposed to, like. Some random old dude. I seem to get that a lot from them since I moved down here.”

  “They can sure wear that out, yeah,” Maxi agreed with a nod, but you didn’t miss the way his eyes lit up just slightly at your slip of phrasing. “Where’re you from, anyway?”

  The two of you continued on like this for quite some time, even well after he’d happily helped you find all the remaining names on your list (and then, once you explained your ridiculous points system, helped you find a few more that put you well over milkshake threshold). Even when you felt like you’d covered the whole graveyard, the two of you were still making excuses not to leave - going to look at a particularly old headstone that caught your attention here, or asking him to tell you about a family grouped together in another part of the cemetery. By the time you’d even begun to think about checking your phone to see what time it was, it had been a good three hours since you’d walked into the graveyard gates to begin with.

  It wasn’t the time that got your attention. It was the softest drops of rain - at first scattered, dropping gently on your skin like the smattering of Maxi’s freckles on his. A cold touch on your hand, on your shoulder, and reluctantly, you both looked up at the rapidly graying sky.

  “Oh shit, I didn’t think it was going to rain today,” you said, blinking up at the sudden thunderhead that seemed to have formed over you.

  “You’ll get used to that,” Maxi said idly, unbothered. “You can expect a solid rain shower at least every other afternoon down here, durin’ hurricane season.” Sure enough, a soft roll of thunder sounded not far off, and the rain began to pick up speed. He blinked suddenly when a drop splashed on the lens of his glasses, as if suddenly waking up to the reality of the weather from a kind of bubble or dream… one that you, you could admit, had been feeling cocooned in as well. He looked back to you, as if seeing clearly again. “I’m guessin’ you parked toward the front gate?”

  “Yeah,” you said, wincing slightly as you looked off in that direction, the distance between you and the gate feeling huge as the cool rain continued to come down harder around you. 

  Maxi reached into his bag, taking out a white dress shirt - one he must’ve been wearing earlier - and carefully draping it over your head. “Here. It’s not a lot, but it’s somethin’.” He paused a moment before jerking his head over his shoulder. “My ride is nearby, but it’s. Uh.” He hesitated, looking up at the pouring rain and then back at you, his hair growing steadily more damp. “Well, it’s the hearse.”

  “Hey man,” you shrugged under his shirt, too grateful at this point to try to politely press it back into his hands. “If it’s a dry hearse, I’ll take it.”

  Maxi gave you that now-familiar giggle-snort again, beaming. “Here, c’mon.” He put a hand gently between your shoulders, guiding you from where your vision was limited under the shirt down a row and over to a path you could see had been walked often by multiple pairs of feet - a desire trail, you remembered the term. You wondered if this was his way in and out between the Mortuary and the cemetery. 

  Sure enough, on the edge of the cemetery grass, there waited the lumbering shape of what could only be the Morvant hearse. You and Maxi both ran for the passenger door of the cab, him insisting on opening it for you despite your laughing pleas for him not to. “Dude, don’t be ridiculous! You’re gonna get soaked!”

  “I’m not gonna melt, don’t worry,” Maxi laughed back, holding the door open for you as you clambered in while the rain continued to build in intensity. A crack of lightning punctuating his remark, however, sent him scurrying quickly back around to the driver’s side as soon as he’d shut the door for you. The two of you sat there, laughing and catching your breath and doing your best to get rid of the rain you’d acquired on your run over.

  “…Here,” you said, half-giggling and breathless still. You reached towards him, holding out your hand. When Maxi looked at it, then at you, with his mouth slightly ajar in a mild flustered confusion, you rolled your eyes playfully. “It might be better if you could actually see something, right?”

  “…Oh.” Maxi paused just a second too long, his cheeks going slightly pink again as he quickly took his glasses off and handed them to you. “Thanks.”

  “Yeah, don’t worry about it,” you said, cleaning them off carefully on your shirt that was still at least somewhat dry thanks in turn to Maxi’s shirt. You handed them back to him, watching as he wiped his face on his own shirt as best he could (and revealing just a hint of his stomach above the waist of his trousers) before he accepted them. You felt your own face heat slightly as his fingers brushed yours for the briefest instant, watching as he put them back on and settled them before giving you another shy smile. “I, uh. I can drop you off at your car, if you want.”

  You shook your head, leaning back against the window. “I’m not in any hurry.” You paused, remembering your manners. “Unless you have to be somewhere, obviously.”

  Maxi’s smile looked like he was fighting back a laugh of his own, shaking his head with his hair still mostly damp. “Nah. Me neither.”

  You let yourself smile back, feeling the smallest flutter behind your rib cage that you hadn’t felt in ages.

  That was your fate, letting you know the decision had been made.
  -

  It was storming tonight, actually. But you were a bit caught up in your own concerns for the moment, that pleasant afternoon among the headstones more in your heart than in your head as you sat on your bed and nervously scanned that day’s group chat with your old friends.

  [What do you mean they still haven’t found her?}>

  […]

  EF <[Laurie said she filed the report after we hadn’t heard if she got home or not, but they can’t find any real evidence she’s missing.]

  PK <{Besides the fact that we can’t fucking find her??? And she’s not at her apartment???]

  EF <[Her keys and her purse and shit are still gone. They call that reasonable cause to believe she’s elsewhere, with Sky’s history.]

  [Yeah, but this is different. She’s taken off on a whim before, but not like this.]>

  You paused as Laurie’s bubble popped up for the first time since the lot of you had been chatting that evening, pouring over your friend Sky’s disappearance after she’d left Laurie’s place the morning after your last club night. This meant Laurie must have finished talking to the police again.

  LL <[Still nothing on their end. Fucking cops.]

  You felt your shoulders drop and your stomach plummet simultaneously. Sky could be flaky, sure, but she’d never gone this long without coming up for air, at least to let one of you know where she’d ended up. She’d gone off on jaunts to Key West and Miami and Vegas on a dime before, prone to go wherever she felt like because of her remote work, but for almost two weeks with no word to anyone wasn’t like her at all. She was consistent in her whimsy, accountable in her flights of fancy. She wasn’t the type to leave anywhere - but especially nowhere y’all were - without a warm goodbye.

  You texted a quick excuse and a plea to keep you posted with any news, setting your phone on your bedside table and rolling over onto your side. The dim lights of your room flickered ominously with the latest boom of thunder, your whole house feeling like it was rattling in place with the noise. You ignored this, however, instead burrowing into the dark hoodie Maxi had lent you - one of a total of two, in a state known for this heat - and breathing deep as best you could. You’d have to give it back to him soon, it was starting to smell more like you than like him. And that was another thing - your usually doting boyfriend had been uncharacteristically incommunicado today, responding maybe only once after he’d kissed you goodbye this morning as compared to y’all’s regular chatter through the slow parts of your respective days. You hadn’t wanted to bother him, hoping he hadn’t been slammed with a sudden influx of cases, but between it being dark already, storming to end the world, and your friend seemingly vanishing into thin air, you found yourself desperately in need of a hug.

  When your phone vibrated again, cheerfully chirping the theme tune to a ghostly video game you’d played when you were younger, you rolled over and immediately snatched it back.

  “Babe, there you are,” you said, slightly breathlessly. “I was just thinking about you.”

  “Can I come over?”

  You frowned. Something about his tone was… off. Edged with an unfamiliar anxiousness. “Yeah, of course - you okay?” You shifted on your bed, biting your lip before you spoke again. “I didn’t hear from you much today… bad day at work?”

  “Somethin’ like that,” Maxi muttered, and you heard him sigh heavily on his end of the phone. Rain pattered hard against something nearby - you wondered if he was in his car already. “…There’s somethin’ I… I need to talk to you about. Somethin’s come up.”

  Just when you thought your stomach couldn’t fall further. You pulled on one of the draw-strings, spinning it around your finger just to have something to do with your hand. “Are you alright?” you asked again.

  “I… It’s complicated,” he said, much more subdued than usual. “It’ll be better if I can just talk to you about this in person. Sit tight, okay?”

  You nodded, then remembered he couldn’t see you. “Yeah, okay.”

  “Okay, darlin’. Love you, be there in a sec.”

  “Love you,” you echoed, doing your best to keep your voice in check before you hung up the phone. Cool. Cool cool cool. So now not only was one of your friends of several years missing, now your boyfriend was being weirdly vague. But everything had been going so well… you felt things for Maxi that you hadn’t felt for anyone in ages. Hell, maybe the most you’d ever felt things this intensely, for anyone. You couldn’t totally explain it, even to yourself, but you’d felt more understood by him than you had… in a long time, if at all. You never felt like you had to hide the parts of yourself you thought were weird like you did with other people, he just… got it. It was like nothing could scare him - not your morbid hobbies, not the things that seemed to bother you when they didn’t bother anyone else, and definitely not the weird shit you were into with him that you’d hidden from your previous partners. You were doing your best not to spiral, but what if you’d done it? What if you’d finally crossed whatever threshold for weirdness you thought he didn’t have? What if he was calling it now before he got in with you too deep?

  Or worse - what if something really was wrong with him? You mentally listed all the hard chemicals he worked with for difficult restorations in your head, remembering the warnings about carcinogens you’d found online when you’d gotten curious and googled them. What if he was sick? What if it was bad? What was the death rate for morticians, anyway?

  You’d tied the drawstring into multiple knots now, trying your best not to let your breathing get away from you, when another bolt of lightning crashed outside and promptly knocked your power out.

  “Fucking seriously?” You couldn’t help but groan. As if you already weren’t scared to death, now you were alone in your fucking old-ass house with its creaks and moans in the dark. “Okay, fine. Fuck you too,” you muttered to no one in particular. You flipped your cellphone flashlight on, reaching over to your nightstand and rummaging quickly through the drawer to find the stash of matches you usually kept close by. Finding those at last, you took the box and walked across your room, going to actually light the collection of candles that had accumulated across your various shelves for once. 

  Of course, as soon as you lit the first match, your cellphone light promptly also flickered and died.

  “Oh, come on,” you said, your voice on the edge of a whine with how close you were to crying already. It made sense, though - you’d forgotten to charge your phone at all today, between constantly checking the groupchat for news and carrying it around with you everywhere because you didn’t want to miss a call from Maxi. Your attention was forced back to the match in your hand again, hissing softly as it burned down to your fingertips. You dropped it, plunged again into darkness with just the matchbox in your hand and another flash of lightning.

  …And then you heard it.

  A sound from your front door, like someone testing the knob.

  “Maxi?” You called, relief flooding you for a moment. Oh, thank god. At least you wouldn’t be stuck here in the fucking dark lighting these goddamn candles by yourself. You took a few steps towards your bedroom door, about to go throw yourself at him in a tearful hug.

  But in the following silence, your relief curdled in your stomach. There was no return call.

  For a moment, you stood there, your blood turning to ice as you wondered if you’d remembered to lock the door in the overwhelmed haze you’d been in when you got home from putting up Missing Person posters earlier.

  Another crack of lightning lit up your room briefly, and you whipped around, looking for the familiar outline of the hearse in your driveway. But the light didn’t last long enough, leaving you standing and facing empty black glass before you could get a good look. “Fuck,” you whispered, unable to help yourself.

  Another noise, this one from your living room. Was someone inside, or was this just your floors settling in the storm? You strained your ears, finding nothing that could give you enough of an indication either way over the wail of the wind and rain outside.

  Your knife was in your purse. Your purse was on your kitchen table. You’d have to go through your living room to get to it.

  As you heard another noise, this one somehow closer than the last, you did your best not to remember Maxi pointing out a serial killer had been active in the area lately while you were getting ready to go out with your friends.

  Oh, god.

  He hadn’t told you how far away he was when he asked to come over. He could’ve been sitting in his driveway, for all you knew, and that was a good fifteen minutes away.

  That was much farther than what sounded suspiciously like soft footsteps, coming to rest outside your door.

  Your hands were shaking so hard as you debated whether or not to light another match, you wondered if you’d even be able to. If someone was there, it would just tell them you were here too. But if it gave you a chance to see something, something you could throw a candle jar or heavy book at, it might be enough.

  You struck a match just as a shape appeared in your doorway, and whatever it was, for a moment, you swear its eyes reflected red in the light of your candle.

  You screamed, flinging yourself hard back against your bookshelf and dropping the match. You felt your hand scrabble desperately across the shelf, your own fear drowning out the sound of a voice with a loud ringing in your ears as you seized the first cold metal you could get your hand around -

  And, in thrusting it out, nearly putting what you thought was an antique letter opener into Maxi’s chest right as he flipped the flashlight of his cellphone on.

  “Baby!” He was holding up both hands, his phone angled to keep the light out of your eyes. “Baby, relax, it’s just me!” He paused, his gaze dropping to the letter opener in your hand about an inch from his heart. “I’m sorry, I didn’t— I didn’t meant to scare you.”

  “Fucking Christ, Maxi,” you exhaled, your arm pulling rapidly away from his chest. “What the fuck?”

  “I’m sorry,” Maxi said again, eyes wide. “I’m so sorry, I didn’t realize— I thought you’d just turned everything off before you came in here.”

  “You didn’t hear me call you earlier?” You asked, gesturing frustratedly towards the door.

  Maxi shook his head. “No, I swear, I woulda said somethin’. That must’ve been when I turned around to grab the spare key off the porch.” He reached into his pocket, fishing out said key and holding it up to show you in his free hand.

  “Where’s yours?” you asked, your brow furrowing slightly.

  Maxi sighed as he handed the key back to you, watching you set it on your shelf. “I had to… I had to get out of the house in a hurry. I think I left it on the counter in the kitchen,” he said, running his hand under his glasses and over his face and suddenly looking exhausted. 

  You felt yourself relax a little bit, the threat obviously nonexistent as you looked at him in front of you. “Look,” you said softly. “I’m sorry I almost stabbed you—“

  “No, don’t apologize,” Maxi said quickly, oddly stern as he shook his head. “That was good instinct, don’t be sorry for that.”

  “…Well,” you said, not totally sure what to do with that. “My power’s out,” you gestured around you with some exhaustion of your own. “Can you hold your phone while I light some candles, and then you can tell me what’s going on?”

  “Sure,” Maxi said, and you turned your back to him, carefully lighting an assortment of candles on your shelf in a combination that you were pretty sure wouldn’t give you both a headache from the strength of the scents. When your room was at least not pitch black anymore, you turned back around just as he flipped the light to his cellphone off.

  “Here, babe,” you said softly, going to hug him - and pausing, realizing his clothes had been soaked just between his car and the door (probably more, if he had to find the key on the porch). “Shit, honey, you’re—“

  “Sorry,” Maxi said absently, his eyes anywhere else but on you.

  “No,” you said softly, taking his face in your hands for a moment. You waited for him to finally meet your gaze, searching his face and finding him in a haze of his own. “Take those off, I think I’ve got some of your spare stuff in a drawer. Or,” you paused, shedding his hoodie so you were just in your tank top and shorts underneath. “Here.”

  Maxi nodded, still somewhat out of it as he unbuttoned his shirt and shed his dress pants. You set the hoodie at the end of your bed and pulled off his undershirt as well, taking a moment to hug him close to you in just his boxers and kiss the thick scar that lay over his heart. “Jesus, baby,” you whispered, leaning your head against the cool skin of his chest. “You’re freezing.”

  “You’re… really warm,” Maxi mumbled into your hair, and he curled himself tightly around you in a hug. You hugged him back, rubbing your hands up and down his back, over his shoulders, anywhere you could to try to get the slightest bit of heat into him. When you stepped back to try to get the hoodie for him, you found yourself stuck, unable to move in his sudden grip.

  “Maxi?” You frowned, trying to look at him. He refused to show you his face, instead hiding it in the crook of your shoulder - and as he continued to hug you, you felt his shoulders shake just the tiniest bit. Like he was repressing a sob. 

  “Maxi, honey,” you said softly, immediately squeezing his bare ribs again in a hug. “Tell me what’s wrong.” You swallowed, your tears from earlier threatening to return. “You’re scaring me, babe.”

  Maxi took a breath that came out more of a short gasp, like it was hitching on a lump in his throat. “M’sorry,” he mumbled, the tip of his nose sliding up the column of your throat as he pulled away. He stood up again, taking another deep breath as he still couldn’t make eye contact. “I’m sorry, angel, I’ve just… I’ve had the worst fuckin’ day.” he said, trying to smile at you despite his voice breaking on the last two words.

  You reached up, taking his face in your hands in the candlelight… and pausing when he pulled back from you slightly, as if there was something he didn’t want you to see. “…Maxi?” you asked again, trying not to sound hurt. “What’s going on?”

  Maxi took another shuddering breath, looking towards the candles. “That’s what I wanted to talk to you about.” He swallowed hard before, delicately, picking you up enough to set you down on the end of your bed. You held out the hoodie to him, which he paused long enough to put on before folding his arms protectively over his chest. He still couldn’t quite meet your eyes, drumming his fingers of his left hand nervously on the crook of his right elbow for a moment before taking a breath. “I… I need to explain some things.”

  “Wait,” you cut in, unable to help yourself.

  Maxi blinked, looking at you with a confused furrow of his brow. “Wait?”

  “Look,” you set your hands on your now bare knees, trying not to keep your nails from digging in too obviously as you steeled yourself. “…Whatever changed, I want to talk about it before we make any… decisions.”

  Maxi stared at you with an uncomprehending expression. “I’m sorry?”

  You pulled your knees to your chest, trying to keep your tone even despite the pressure building in your throat. You swallowed, trying to rid yourself of it, but to no avail. “You wouldn’t hurt me,” you said slowly. “I know you. You just wouldn’t.” You held up a finger as he opened his mouth, to protest or argue you weren’t sure, but nonetheless causing him to still. “…So if this is about something I did,” you said slowly, putting the finger back down. “Please let me try to fix it first. Whatever it is, I’ll stop - or I’ll do something, anything else. Whatever it takes.” You cut yourself off hard, trying not to spiral out loud.

  Maxi looked like you’d just revealed you had a hidden twin in the back of your skull. “…Darlin’, what—“ He paused, holding up a hand. “Hold on.” He gestured to you. “Tell me what you think is happenin’ here, because I think I missed somethin’.”

  You shrugged, looking away and hoping he couldn’t see the tears gathering in your eyes in the candlelight. “I don’t know, Maxi. I thought everything was going really well, y’know? And I love you,” you added, your voice cracking a little. “You know I love you.” You pulled your knees tighter to your chest, as if afraid he’d see your heart breaking open under layers of skin and muscle. “…I’ve never been more myself with anyone else, and I’ve never loved anyone like I love you,“ You blinked, warm water escaping the bounds of your lids as you felt your face crumple. “And I don’t want to lose you.”

  “Sugar, no,” Maxi breathed, and suddenly he was right in front of you through the haze of your tears. You felt his hands gently but firmly pull your knees away from your chest, and you hid your face in the front of his hoodie, your fingers curling into the soft black cotton over his back. Maxi leaned down, planting soft kisses on the top of your head, your temple, anywhere he could reach as he held you against him. 

  “I’m sorry I’m crying,” you sniffled, muffled by the fabric of the hoodie. You pulled back for a minute, inhaling hard and trying to pull yourself together,. You wiped your tears away, and certainly smeared whatever eyeliner was left with them. “I’m sorry, I know it’s a lot, it’s not helping, you said you wanted to talk—“

  You were snapped out of it by Maxi murmuring your name, leaning down with his hands on your shoulders to look you in the eye. “Darlin’, don’t apologize for cryin’,” he said, looking like he was close to doing so himself. “It’s not ‘A Lot’, and it doesn’t have to help. You can just cry because you need to. Hell, I’m the one who didn’t fuckin’ explain myself,” he looked off to the side, his expression on the verge of self-loathing for a second before he lifted a hand from your shoulder to run it over his face and under his glasses. When he looked back to you again, his eyes were imploring. “You didn’t do anything wrong.” He exhaled shakily again. “I’m not… I’m not leavin’ you. If anything,” he added slowly, blinking hard and looking away again. “I’m worried about you leavin’ me.”

  “But why?” You asked, your hand finding his cheek and forcing him to meet your eyes again. You hesitated before speaking again, hating to even suggest this next part. “If there isn’t someone else—“

  “There isn’t,” Maxi said immediately, his eyes blazing at the idea.

  “Then what could you possibly have done? Why would I want to leave the person who understands me most in the entire world, when you’ve never hurt me on purpose in any way?” Your brow furrowed as you shook your head slightly. “Babe, what’s happening?”

  Maxi took another deep breath, as though he was preparing to dive into some lightless trench. When he faced you again, opening his mouth to explain, no sound came out. He covered it with a hand after a moment of trying to force the words out, and in that instant, it was the closest to crying you’d ever seen him come.

  “Maxi, hold on,” you said again, putting a hand to his chest.

  Maxi looked at you, his eyes unseeing for a moment as you shifted to your knees on the mattress. Leaning up on them so you were almost at his height, you pulled him to you by the pocket of the hoodie, hugging his shoulders tightly.

  When he hugged you back, it felt like a man clinging to the wreckage of a ship in the storm outside. One hand held the back of your neck, the other held the curve of your back, pulling you as tightly to him as possible. Like he hoped one day, if he held you long enough, your ribs would intertwine.

  You kissed his cheek, then the corner of his mouth, before finally kissing him fully. When he reciprocated, it with a desperation that scared you, his hands moving to cup your face. 

  It felt like he was scared this was goodbye.

  You held this as long as you could, trying to reassure him it wasn’t, before at last having to pull away to breathe. “Here,” you whispered, taking one of his hands in yours. He watched with still-distant eyes as you pulled him gently towards the head of your bed, coaxing him onto the mattress with you.

  He followed you willingly, and when you fell backwards onto your pillows, you pulled him over with you so he was laying on top of you. You’d had many nights where you’d lain with your head on his chest, talking about everything and nothing, as his fingers ran up down the length of your spine and you soothed yourself with the steady thrum of his heart beneath your ear. Now, he sought his version of the same comfort - he sprawled out on top of you, one thigh hooked across your hips as he hid his face again in the bare crook of your shoulder. His left arm curled possessively under your breasts, pulling you close by the top of your rib cage, and you wrapped yours around his chest, hugging him to you as you rubbed his back slowly.

  You listened for a moment to the hushed sounds that filled the silence: his breathing hitching as he continued to fight back a sob, the continuous rain at your windowpane. You said nothing when you felt a soft streak of  warm saltwater trace down the skin of your neck, instead turning to kiss the top of his head. “Maxi, it’s going to be okay,” you murmured. “Whatever it is, we’ll figure it out, I promise.”

  He said nothing for a long moment, his hand instead moving from your ribs to trace up the side of your neck. You shivered at his ghosting fingertips, kissing those too when his hand slid to your cheek. You followed the gentle application of pressure to your chin, turning to find him staring at you from where his cheek rested against your shoulder. 

  For a moment, his eyes were so dark, it nearly made you gasp.

  “You won’t know what I mean by this just yet,” he said, barely more than a whisper over the rain pounding outside. “But I would watch everything my family ever built crumble to dust, if it meant I got to keep you.”

  He was right - you didn’t understand yet. You stared at him, but were too entranced to speak, the intensity of this apparent vow chilling your blood in a way you couldn’t quite explain. “…I love you,” you managed. You shook your head slowly. “You don’t have to try to keep me, Maxi. I want to stay.”

  He gazed at you for a long moment, the darkness of his eyes tempered by a sadness you also couldn’t explain. You brushed his hair away from his face, desperate to try to soothe whatever this was. “Please just tell me what’s going on,” you whispered. “I will always love you. Let me help you.”

  Maxi stared at you still before finally breaking your gaze, worrying his lip with his teeth again. Finally, he shook his head, as if there was no avoiding whatever was coming next.

  “My family is back,” he said, his voice a strained whisper.

  You blinked, confused. “Wait… your cousin? The one from Mexico, the one you said is bad news?”

  Maxi nodded, then seemed to hesitate again. “…And my sister,” he added, somehow even quieter than before.

  You stared hard at him now, not comprehending. “…Your sister?”

  Maxi waited a long moment before nodding, once, so imperceptibly you almost didn’t catch it.

  “You… have another sister?” you tried, desperate to piece this altogether.

  He looked at you again, as if bracing himself. “No,” he said, shaking his head. “My twin sister. Aurore.”

  You leaned back just slightly to search his face, your twisting gut uncertain if this was a horrible fucking joke, or if your beloved mortician had just snapped under the stress. “…Maxi,” you said at last, trying to keep your cool. “You told me Aurore died when you were eighteen.” You swallowed, feeling the acid of bile rise up in your throat. “You told me you were there. That you… that you held her, when she passed.”

  Maxi stared at you, and in his eyes, you could see the two of you had just passed into some sort of threshold. There was no coming back from whatever he was about to say.

  “…I’m going to tell you a story,” he said softly, his mouth brushing the skin of your shoulder. “You don’t have to believe me. Not yet.”

  Despite the goosebumps rising on your skin, you lay still, and you listened.
  -
  The second time you ran into Maxi Morvant, you confirmed your destiny.
  It had been a week or so since the rainstorm in the cemetery. By the time the rain had finally let up, the two of you had been chatting in the hearse - as always, about everything and nothing - for at least another hour. When at last he returned you to your car - walking you back to the front of the cemetery gates, just to take the long way - the two of you were the pleasant kind of tired that came from good, deep conversation. With neither of you really wanting to venture into the outside world just yet, you had swapped numbers, promising to split the milkshake reward whenever a suitable day came up for both of you.
  Since then, you’d been idly texting back and forth; mostly bad jokes, or weird things the two of you saw that reminded you of something the other person had said as you’d wandered through the tombstones. The usual stuff. You smiled to yourself every time your phone buzzed, and had been proud to tell your old friends that you had already made your first new friend in town. Sure, it was the funeral director you’d met in a graveyard, but he was definitely still one of the more interesting people you’d ever talked to.
  This particular day was fairly early in the week, and having finished with your own work for the day (still working remotely due to your recent move), you found yourself restless in your house again. It wasn’t like there was a lot to do in this quiet part of the state - you’d moved here for that, and the fact you could actually afford to live here - and you found yourself idly scrolling through your phone. There was a movie theater in town - not a very big one, but still. Some horror movie you’d been waiting to see had just come out, and as small as it was here, there were still a few screenings… including one for this afternoon. You pondered this. When you’d been living in your last town, having moved away from all your college friends you usually saw these movies with, you’d gotten in the habit of going alone on weekday afternoons when you could swing it. Not only was it at least slightly cheaper, you usually got the theater to yourself, or very nearly. There was also something about being alone in the vast dark room that could make your heart race even more at the terror unfolding onscreen, and it was a sensation you had actually come to quite enjoy. It almost felt like a test of your bravery: sitting in near pitch blackness where anything (or anyone) could be hiding, you sat through ninety minutes of anxiousness with just yourself for comfort, rather than being able to find solace in the susurrus of a crowd when things got too intense. You usually left feeling exhilarated (if not the tiniest bit ridiculous).
  Looking around your tiny living room, as if expecting to see someone there to talk you out of it, you finally shrugged to yourself. It was a tradition you’d enjoyed when you’d first started living alone… no need to end it now, when you still did.
  You made it over there with time to spare, and when you’d bought your ticket, the older gentleman at the counter out front had smiled. “Looks like it’ll be just the two of you, then. Y’all enjoy yourselves.”
  You had tried hard not to visibly frown when you walked inside - you’d been hoping for total isolation for this one. But whatever, you decided as you treated yourself to an ominously red frozen concoction, as long as the guy wasn’t some dipshit who sat in the very front with his phone on max brightness the whole time, you’d be fine. You’d just creep to the very back and lurk, like you always did. That was usually enough to make you feel sufficiently isolated.
  When at last you’d found your theater, thanks to a helpful old woman at the counter who seemed very eager to chat as you were trying to walk away politely, you found yourself scanning the rows, looking for your anonymous partner in ignoring blatant plotholes to size them up. In the still-lit part of the theater - the expected middle and lower seats - there was no one there. You frowned, puzzled - the old guy had definitely said there was someone else here, right? Was he misremembering? - when suddenly, your phone buzzed in your pocket.
  Pulling it out, you check your notifications, only to find:
  MM <[YOU!!]
  You blinked, confused… until you checked the name again. 
  “Up here!” called the voice to match.
  Looking all the way up to the furthest back row - your usual territory - you saw Maxi seated towards the middle, leaning his cheek on one hand with his phone in the other. This time, all parts of his suit were present, making you wonder if he had just come straight over from the Mortuary. (Secretly, you were a little sad he was wearing them this time, but had to admit the suit jacket and tie were… doing something for you.) In the cupholder next to him was his own ominously red frozen concoction. He waved his phone back and forth in greeting, the dim screen still showing up in the relative darkness.
  You found yourself smiling, waving back before quickly turning to your phone:
  [Care for some company?]>
  You froze as soon as you hit send, heat rising in your face. Why had you done that? What if he’d just been saying hi to be polite? What if he also came here to avoid people, and you definitely still counted as People? How were you going to sit through this movie if he said “uh, no thanks” and resist the urge to burrow into the sticky concrete floor with your bare hands?
  You only had to worry about this for a minute, though, before he glanced back at his phone - and then looked to you, beaming. In a motion similar to his ridiculous bow in the cemetery, he gestured to the seat beside him with just as much of a flourish.
  You were unable to help a giggle, and quickly headed up to join him, settling in just as the ads turned off and the previews began. 
  “I had suspected you were someone of taste,” Maxi joked, nodding approvingly at your similar cup of sugar, ice, and food dye. 
  “Great minds,” you grinned. “Thanks for letting me crash your private viewing, by the way.”
  “Oh, are you kiddin’? How could I not want to share the glory of another terrible sequel?” he laughed. “If I’d known you liked this sorta thing, I would’ve invited you to begin with.”
  “Well, clearly I would’ve said yes,” you teased… and then paused, wondering if that sounded to him how that sounded to you. Were you reading too much into this? Was this flirting, or just being friends with a fellow weirdo? You were just being hopeful… right?
  Although, given the way he stared at you for an extra second, you weren’t so sure it was entirely one sided. “…Well,” he said at last, with a thoughtful smile. “I’ll keep that in mind, then.”
  You both watched the previews for future similarly bad horror movies for a few minutes, each of you glancing at the other when you thought they weren’t looking. You hoped he couldn’t feel the heat radiating from the side of your face, just as much as he hoped you couldn’t see he was turning slightly pink even in the dark.
  When at last the opening credits rolled, you turned to face each other, each apparently about to ask a question - and couldn’t help a shared laugh at your synchronicity.
  “You first,” he said with a smile and a nod, ever the gentleman.
  “I was going to ask if you were a ‘religious silence’ type, or a ‘rip this thing to shreds in real time’ type,” you said, tilting your head.
  “‘Great minds,’ indeed,” he said, raising an eyebrow at you. “Depends on the company, myself. But you?”
  “I mean, if it’s just you and me,” you said, gesturing around the empty theater. “Please don’t feel there should be any religious silence on my account, because I absolutely won’t be quiet about this if it’s bad.”
  “Oh, perfect,” Maxi said, leaning back in his old theater seat as his smile turned into a grin. “Because I’ve heard they’ve got some really awful gore effects in this one, and I would be professionally remiss if I didn’t tell someone about it.”
  Once the two of you were quietly sure there would be no straggling latecomers, you spent the next ninety minutes or so mercilessly mocking and yet thoroughly enjoying the movie. When you still flinched a couple of times at jump scares you had seen coming, Maxi didn’t tease you too much - if anything, you saw him subtly lean towards the arm rest between the two of you, giving you an excuse to lean there as well while the two of you were bracing for another one. Once or twice, in the brighter parts of the film, you saw his hand twitch like he was trying to decide whether or not to offer it to you. He didn’t, in the end - but those moments where your shoulders definitely brushed didn’t help matters, as you could actually smell his cologne this time, rather than just the petrichor and grave dirt from your last visit. 
  At some point, the two of you stopped sitting up again in your separate space and just stayed with your heads and shoulders together, murmuring your jokes back and forth to each other despite the empty seats around you instead of the full-throated commentary you’d started the film with. 
  You were hating to admit this, but you couldn’t help but feel a renewed aggressive fluttering in your stomach whenever you heard his distinctive laugh, or when he turned to whisper something just for you - the way you could feel him watching your face to see you smile in a darkened room.
  You hoped to whatever god existed that your new friend didn’t mind if you developed a bit of a crush, because it felt pretty impossible not to at this point.
  When at last, the movie came to its inglorious end, the two of you walked out of the theater as though you’d walked in together. It felt like that, too - like you’d been going to terrible scary movies together for ages, and this was one of many instead of just the first.
  In the gathering blue dusk, he still insisted on walking you to your car, despite the fact that there was still no one else around besides the employee cars parked on the other side of the theater and his hearse in the absolute opposite direction of your car.
  When you got there, the two of you paused, and as you fished for your keys in your bag, you felt very distinctly like you were on some sort of precipice.
  “…So,” you began, glancing up at him briefly. Might as well step off. See what happened.
  Maxi blinked reflexively, looking for a moment like you’d caught him staring (and you had). “So?”
  You pulled your keys out of your bag, leaning against the door to your car to survey him with a mock-serious expression. “It would seem that I still owe you a milkshake, Monsieur Morvant.”
  “Oh! That,” Maxi smiled, and sure enough, you felt yourself move your bag slightly in front of your stomach as though he might glimpse the butterflies there. “I mean… it’s probably a bit too decadent to follow a slushie with one of those tonight, wouldn’t you say?”
  “Probably wise,” you agreed, feeling a smile tug at the corner of your mouth. “But I just wanted you to know I didn’t forget.” You tapped your temple jokingly. 
  “I mean, far be it from me not to collect on milkshakes I’m due,” Maxi teased. He paused for a moment, the smile slipping while his tongue briefly licked his lower lip - seemingly out of nerves than any other intent. “My schedule’s pretty free this weekend, provided no one’s nana dies on me in a hurry.”
  His eyes widened slightly, as though he was wondering if that joke was a bit too far - but when you giggled, hiding your smile behind your hand out of habit, he seemed to relax. “Okay, so late little old Southern ladies permitting,” you said, moving your hand at last (but still unable to stop smiling). “How’s, like, Friday?”
  “Sure!” Maxi chirped immediately - then paused, adjusting his glasses again as if trying to collect himself. “As long as it works for what you’re doin’, anyway.”
  “Okay, cool, it’s a—“ You cut yourself off suddenly, catching that last word. The two of you stood there, staring at each other, very aware of what you’d almost said - and for a moment, the silence seemed full of so much more than just the buzzing of the parking lot light as it suddenly began to flicker.
  You exhaled a soft laugh, realizing that you’d maybe been holding your breath there. “Friday evening-ish, then?”
  Maxi blinked owlishly again like he was coming out of a daze, having definitely been looking at you in that time like the florescent light on your hair was a halo. “Yeah,” he agreed, nodding. “Yeah, sounds good.”
  “Okay,” you said, nodding. “And if an old lady does kick it,” you added as you unlocked your car. “Text me and I’ll just, like, bring it to you if you want.” You gave him a cheesy wink. “There’s some things even death shouldn’t stop, right?”
  “…Right,” Maxi agreed, but when he did, there was something… else, there. An earnestness you weren’t quite expecting that made your breath catch again.
  “…Anyway,” you said, finding yourself again. You gave him a last smile, somewhat sheepish now. “Thanks for a fun afternoon.”
  “Likewise,” Maxi returned the smile, his soft as well. “Oh, here-“
  He reached over as you went to open your car door to try to get it for you, and in the briefest instant your hands touched, you could swear you felt a literal spark.
  If you’d been looking, it would have been red.
  “Shit, sorry,” you said quickly, withdrawing your hand from your door handle. You shook it slightly, blinking. “That static’s a real bitch sometimes.”
  “Happens,” Maxi said, though there was an absence to it - like the spark had caught him by surprise in a different way. After he examined his hand for a moment, he looked back to you, his usual smile back in place. “I’ll see you Friday, if I don’t run into you somewhere else before then.”
  “Small town,” you agreed, hope creeping into your tone despite your best efforts. “Night, Maxi.”
  “G’night, darlin’.” Maxi shut your car door for you, lingering under the parking lot light to see you off into the coming darkness on the road.
  When he was sure you couldn’t see him in your rearview mirror anymore, he looked down, staring quizzically at his hand… which was now crawling with faintly glowing red flickers, as though he’d collected a handful of hellish lightning bugs. He watched them trace across the lines of his palm with a furrowed brow, uncertain. He hadn’t inherited his mother’s precision at palm reading, sure, but he knew whatever was happening here was… unusual, to say the least. 
  These only appeared when he dealt with someone with a connection to the Dead the way he knew them.
  He looked up again, staring at the space where your car had been just a moment before as he flexed his hand like it really did burn.
  Neither of you knew it yet, but you’d just confirmed his destiny as well.
  -
  For a few minutes, Maxi continued to keep his cheek to your heart, and you’d almost wondered if he’d fallen asleep.
  Finally, he shifted, moving to lay on your other pillow so he could see you properly. You rolled over onto your side to face him, and when you did, his arm moved to pull you against him by your torso.
  You found yourself tucking your head under his chin out of habit, your hand pressing softly against the hoodie over where you knew the scar on his chest was. For a few more minutes, he just held you, and between his breath in your hair and the rain, you could almost pretend it was a regular night.
  “…So, a long time ago,” Maxi began, his voice low and somewhat strained. “Before the House was built - before the town, even… a man and his family found themselves at a crossroads, in the middle of the night.”
  You shifted, trying to meet his eyes, but he was staring fixedly at a point over your head. His eyes were dark, unfocused… like he’d heard this story a million times, and was telling it by rote. 
  “They’d come from wealth and privilege in their homeland,” he went on. “But they’d gained it because no one else would touch the work they did.” He paused. “Desperate people will pay anythin’ if they think you can save them from a disease that took everyone they love. And the family was good at that.” He reached up, nudging his glasses back into place. “But it wasn’t enough to keep the wrong people from bein’ afraid, and then bein’ disappointed.” He sighed, as if exhausted. “And then the wrong people got angry.”
  For reasons you couldn’t explain, you shivered slightly in his arms. He squeezed you tighter, still not looking at you.
  “So this man took his family and fled with as many as they could gather, heading to a world that was never New,” Maxi went on. “And all the gold and jewels they could smuggle with them too. But even that only got them so far.” He shrugged as though this were obvious. “So the ones that were left - the ones who survived, who made it even that far, were stranded. At a crossroads, in a land they’d never seen before. …At midnight, exactly.”
  You blinked, this detail standing out to you like a story you’d heard long ago but couldn’t remember.
  “So the man who’d brought his family here, he was desperate,” Maxi went on. “And he’d heard the stories. He knew what lived in places like this.” He trailed off, going silent suddenly with a racked expression.
  “…What lives here, Maxi?” You asked, whispering without realizing it.
  Maxi glanced at you, then looked away, as if this part was hard to tell. “He went out to the middle of the crossroads, and he called for the demon that dwelled there.”
  You blinked - this had taken a turn you weren’t expecting. “…A demon?”
  “Bear with me,” Maxi whispered, and his voice was so hoarse you almost felt guilty for questioning him. But he kissed your forehead, running a hand affectionately over your hair before he continued. “When the demon at last appeared, called by this stranger at the witching hour, the man got on his knees and pled for an exchange,” he said. “Because he made the mistake of thinkin’ he had nothin’ left to lose.”
  You kept trying to read his face, to figure out what your boyfriend was trying to tell you with a fairy tale, but kept silent in the face of his sincerity.
  “So this man begs the demon for help, for himself and his family, and offers the demon what skills they had,” Maxi went on. “They were good at dealin’ with the dead, with the bodies no one would touch out of fear of plague or superstition or what have you, and puttin’ them to rest to prevent them from comin’ back or turnin’ into somethin’ worse. Because there’s always business to be had in Death when everyone else is too scared to deal with it,” he added, his voice darkly wry.
  “But of course, the demon wants to know what use it has for the bodies of the dead, when it was the souls it was interested in. So the man asks the demon what he wanted most between heaven and earth,” Maxi glanced down at you, meeting your eyes for the first time in a while. “Because he would set the world on fire to give it to them, if it meant he could keep the people he loved safe.”
  There was something in his voice that caused your breath to hitch in your throat, and you couldn’t tell if your heartbeat altered for a moment due to love or fear.
  Maxi took a long, deep breath. “So the demon said if the man built a house near that crossroads, then he and his family could live in it for all of their days… as long as the demon and its kin could live beneath it,” he said, his voice even more hushed now. “And they could practice their trade and make themselves useful, and the demons would even make them - make them better at it,” he said, his voice faltering slightly. “They would show the man and his descendants all the arcane knowledge of the Dead: how to commune with the departed even in the next world, and how to call the empty flesh and bones left behind to carry out their whims, so long as the family continued to keep the demons happy…” Maxi hesitated. “And keep them fed.”
  You were frozen were you lay, having no idea where the fuck this was going except that it could only be somewhere bad.
  “So the man shook the demon’s hand,” he said quietly. “And the next day the remaining members of the family began to build the House with their own hands. And they lived there, for years and years, as the demon promised. And their family flourished and grew… it grew, and so did the demons and their kin. And as the original family members passed on, they explained to their children that it was their job to take care of ‘They Who Provide’.” 
  You swore your entire circulatory system went cold at once.
  “So, when the new generation took over the family business, the Demons said, we’ll make you a new deal: as long as your family flourishes here, we’ll reward all of them with this arcane knowlege, every one - but the bulk of it will be reserved for a single member of each generation.” He swallowed thickly. “The first to give us thirteen Perfect Deaths, without breaking the Chain in which they occur, will renew the deal with us for that generation alone, and will represent our covenant to They Who Decide.” Maxi took a breath to continue. “Because when these demons got cushy, soon, other demons started approachin’ other families in dire straits, offerin’ the same deal - keep us fed, and we’ll keep you powerful. And those families found each other, eventually, wantin’ to keep the power amongst themselves… and to use it in their own best interests. They Who Decide how the world around them will be shaped next.”
  “…And the family agreed,” you said softly, as though compelled to.
  Maxi nodded, still not looking at you. “So this generation, havin’ not known the desperation and the fear of their forebears, agreed… because they wanted more. But they didn’t realize just what the Perfect Deaths were supposed to be.” He shook his head slowly. “It wasn’t just an offerin’ to the demons. It was a sacrifice. Because the last death - the thirteenth death,” he said, his voice barely more than a whisper. “Was meant to be someone that member of the family couldn’t imagine livin’ without. The person who captivated their thoughts, night and day, who was bound to them by the curse they didn’t realize they’d inherited.” His blank stare was now edged with pain. “Their Obsession, they came to be called. If they could prove themselves, by givin’ the person they loved most to They Who Provide… then they could become somethin’ more than human.”
  You searched his face, uncomprehending. “…So what happened to the demons?”
  Maxi blinked, eyes coming back to the present for the first time in a long while. “…What d’you mean?”
  You shook your head. “I mean… who could do that?” you said softly. “How could anyone hold up their end of the deal? They couldn’t… they couldn’t really murder the person they loved most.” But as you spoke, you realized you were trying to convince yourself of this, more than stating it as fact. “How could anyone?”
  “…Oh, darlin’,” he breathed. Maxi gazed at you like you were something immeasurably precious, the sadness still very much present in his eyes. He pulled you closer to him again, chastely kissing your lips, then the end of your nose. For a moment, he just lay there, studying your face as it was an inch from his own. “No, you’re right. Normal people wouldn’t. Normal people wouldn’t even dream of it.” His eyes turned inward again, going dark. “…But this family hadn’t been normal for too long. And most of them were only a few steps from not bein’ people anymore.”
  You sat up slightly, breaking his grip - and he let you go, laying there and staring at you still from your pillow. “So… so what did they do?” you asked timidly, crossing your arms over your chest. 
  “Some people killed the loves of their lives and never spoke of it again. Some people killed their mother, their brother, their best friend… whoever the Curse compelled them to give up. Hell,” he rolled over onto his back, staring blankly at the ceiling. “They were so rich by that point, they could hold whole comin’ out balls for each new generation when they came of age, just so one member could meet someone and court them long enough for the Curse to choose them as a sacrifice. …Or for the Curse to choose the resultin’ children.” He kept silent for a moment, as if struggling with this next part. “…And then they killed the people who loved them like they were cattle for slaughter.” He shrugged, but his face was tortured, like he was trying to contain very visceral horror at this fact. “And I guess… I guess when you don’t wanna be human anymore, that doesn’t matter.”
  You stared at him, trying to fight the wave of nausea that flowed over you. “Maxi,” you said, your voice a whisper because if it was anything else it would shake. You had an inkling where this was going, somewhere deep in the back of your mind, but you were doing your best to tell yourself it was just a scary story. Your boyfriend had just… had a long day. This was some new thing, some new weird tradition the two of you would have whenever things got too shitty: come home to each other and scare yourselves with old stories. 
  Because even now, even with him refusing to look at you in the flickering lights of your room, with whatever strange shit he was trying to tell you… you still couldn’t imagine Maxi not coming home to you.
  You found your voice again, and finally got the courage to ask the question you were dreading. “…What does story this have to do with… with your family?”
  His eyes shifted to you, and he hesitated again. “My grandfather killed my grandmother when my father was ten and never remarried,” he said, his voice hollow. “And then my father killed the only person he ever really loved before he married my mother.”
  He said it so simply, so matter of fact, that it took a moment for the impact of it to hit your skin like a bucket of freezing water. “…Maxi what the fuck,” you whispered, your eyes widening to the point you thought the sockets might expand too. You swallowed hard, every hair on your skin now standing on end as you could feel it crawling. “What the fuck are you telling me?”
  “I warned you that you’d wanna leave,” Maxi whispered, staring with glassy eyes at the ceiling. Slowly, he sat up to look at you, and with the next flash of lightning, you swore for an instant his eyes gleamed red again. “I’m tellin’ you I’m cursed, angel.”
  -
  The third time you and Maxi saw one another, you could say you damned each other too.
  The Thursday before that mutually selected Friday, you were home alone, puttering around your mostly empty house with small chores. You’d been out today successfully: run a few errands, stopped at the local cafe for a tea you didn’t have to make yourself, updated your friends on your comings and goings… and on your agreement with the local mortician, as well.
  “So are you guys dating or what?” Laurie had asked over video chat, her face framed by bright pink of her home office bulletin board.
  “How are they not dating?” Em chimed in from her back patio. “I’ve never seen anyone as into spooky shit as you - said with love, of course,” she added quickly.
  “I just think it’s sweet that you’ve already found someone you’ve grown close to in a new place,” Pavi, ever the sweet one of the group, was eating ice cream out of a clear fast food cup in her still car. “That has to be really reassuring. You deserve something nice like that.” As she thoughtfully licked the remnants of her last mouthful off the plastic spoon, she added, “So do you think you’ll sleep with him tomorrow?”
  “None of you are helping, I just want you to know,” you had half laughed, half sighed, sitting at the time back in the graveyard. When you were reasonably sure Maxi wasn’t also there, you’d found yourself sitting next to Mrs. Botetourt’s headstone, having wanted to show your friends how pretty a proper Louisiana cemetery was. Of course, conversation had turned back to the man you’d met here, and then your last encounter at the movie theater. “I don’t think it’s even a date!” You gesticulated loosely with your free hand. “We didn’t say that! I think we’re genuinely just hanging out.”
  “Walk me through it again,” Laurie prompted, with that sharp, focused intensity she got when she was trying to memorize details.
  “It was nothing,” you insisted. “I jokingly mentioned the milkshake part of my graveyard game—“
  “Honestly, you should’ve just asked him out after he even agreed to play.” Em said.
  “You should’ve proposed,” Pavi joked. 
  “And then,” you’d gone on, shooting them both a withering look. “We both went home and things got busy. So when I saw him again at the movie theater, I was like ‘oh hey, haha, I haven’t forgotten this’ and he was like ‘ oh cool, let’s hang out sometime’ and I was like ‘oh how’s Friday?’ and he was like ‘Friday’s good if nobody’s grandma dies’ - long story,” you said, off their confused looks. “And then I was like ‘okay cool see you there’ and I drove home.”
  “And has he texted you since then?” Laurie asked.
  “Yeah, just, like, skeleton jokes and stuff,” you said, shifting slightly where you sat. You looked over your shoulder for a moment, as you kept having the oddest feeling someone was listening despite being the only person in the cemetery.
  “Skeleton jokes? Dude,” Em shook her head. “There’s a clown for every circus. I’m telling you: this is man is your clown.”
  “Get fucked,” you said lovingly, sticking your tongue out at her. 
  “You offering?” Em stuck her tongue out in return.
  “Why don’t you just ask him?” Pavi said, stirring some chocolate sauce at the bottom of her cup into her remaining vanilla. 
  “Ask him to be your clown,” Em whispered.
  “No,” Pavi shot her camera a look in the direction of Em’s window before looking back into it directly. “I’m saying — why don’t you just make it a date yourself and ask him?”
  You shrugged, fidgeting with a piece of grass. “I don’t know - what if he just wants to be friends?”
  “I don’t think he would’ve walked you to your car,” Laurie said thoughtfully.
  “I don’t think he would’ve escorted you around a cemetery in the rain,” Pavi agreed. 
  “I think you’re weird and hot and he’s weird and into it,” Em said. 
  “Em,” you raised an eyebrow. 
  “It’s basic logic!” Em said, holding up her hands in exasperation. “From what you’ve told us, he’s a kind of strange dude who’s probably been the lone goth-adjacent in this town since he was a kid, you show up out of the blue literally in the graveyard next to his house, if I remember correctly,” she added. “He’s gotta think you’re his own morbid miracle. You ask him out and he’s not gonna say no.”
  “…Em’s not wrong,” Laurie agreed, tilting her head to the side in thought. Her eyes snapped back to her camera. “Look, honey. Enough out of us, we’ve given you our thoughts. What do you want to happen?”
  You bit your lip, thinking for a long moment. “…I do kind of- no, not kind of,” you shook your head. “I do want it to be a date.”
  “Then there you go!” Laurie said, sitting back.
  “But,” you said, holding up a finger.
  “Of course,” Em sighed.
  “…I wish it could be a date without me risking making stuff weird with, like. The one friend I’ve made here,” you said quietly. 
  “…That would mean he’d need to have asked you out in the parking lot,” Pavi said, setting aside her empty cup at last.
  “I know,” you sighed, falling backwards onto the grass and holding your phone above you. “And I’m not exactly in possession of a time machine.”
  “So… what?” Pavi said, her perfectly done brows furrowing slightly. “Are you planning on just going Friday and hoping he gets a clue?”
  “Wearing a tube top might help,” Em said with a thoughtful moue.
  “No, no.” Laurie shook her head. “Hon, you’re both adults,” she said, soothingly but still firm. “Tell him what you’re thinking. Tonight,” she added decisively. “Before you go. Call him, text him, I don’t care - just be honest with him about what you’re feeling, see if it’s mutual.” 
  “And if it’s not?” You squeezed one eye closed - a habit when you were nervous.
  “Then you have a friend you clearly like a lot in the town you just moved to,” Laurie said. “And as long as he’s not a dick about how feelings can be weird sometimes, you guys can keep being friends, and the crush will just die off the first time you see him do something really embarrassing.”
  “I guess,” you said, unable to help the slightest of frowns at this idea. 
  “I know the crush part is more fun right now,” Pavi chimed in. “But it’s still better in the long run to be honest with him if you’re going to keep spending time together. You’ll live if you’re disappointed for a little while, even though it’ll suck at the time. And then it’ll just turn into something else. Whatever it’s supposed to be.”
  “And if he is a dick,” Em added. “We’ll just egg the fuck out of his spooky old house when we come to see you.”
  “Em,” Laurie and Pavi said warningly, but you laughed.
  “Thanks, guys,” you said, letting yourself smile. They were right. However this shook out, you and Maxi could be adults about it. Even if it got weird for a minute, it would be fine eventually. “I miss y’all.”
  “We miss you too,” Laurie said with a small smile. 
  “We miss you enough to come to Louisiana,” Pavi added, grinning at her own joke.
  “We miss you, and we plan on getting Hurricanes in the souvenir glasses while we’re there,” Em winked.
  You basked in this for a moment before pausing, biting your lip. “Any word on if Sky’s coming?”
  “Sky’s gonna Sky,” Laurie said, her tone a mixture of love and slight frustration. “Whenever we ask her about it, she gets really excited to see you and talks about how much she misses you — but then she starts talking about her next trip, and we’re like, ‘Bitch, we bought the tickets already, you cannot pull another Birthday Incident.’”
  “Really hard to come to someone’s party that they scheduled when they forget and fly to the other side of the country for a wellness retreat,” Em said, her tone slightly more bitter than Laurie’s.
  “That was one time,” Pavi said gently. “She’s been doing a lot better since then.”
  Even as she said it, the four of you looked off in different directions for a long moment.
  A low rumble of thunder in the distance snapped you out of your part of the pregnant pause. “Oh, there’s the afternoon storm again - I better go.”
  “So should we bring galoshes or something?” Pavi asked, raising an eyebrow. “It sounds like it rains there a lot.”
  “I for one plan on walking around in swim trunks the entire time,” Em said with bravado. “My calves are really doing it for me lately.”
  “We’ll talk wardrobe when we talk itinerary,” you said with a smile, glancing at Laurie’s window.
  “I know, I’m still researching tours. I promise I’ll have it done by next week,” Laurie said apologetically. “This latest story I’m working on has just been kicking my ass. And hey, be careful over there,” she added quickly. “I keep reading about a lot of weird disappearances in that Parish. Maybe start keeping your knife in your purse again, just to be safe.”
  “I will, babe,” you said. The thunder rumbled closer still. “Okay, really going now - love y’all.” You blew the screen a kiss, waving to your friends’ chorus of goodbyes before finally ending the call.
  You got to your feet and stretched, dusting off the grass that clung to your clothes - before pausing again, swearing you saw someone sitting near Mrs. Botetourt’s grave on the other side of the stone. 
  Of course, you saw no one there.
  Before this could trouble you too much further, the first small drizzle of rain had settled over your skin, sending you running for your car before it got too much heavier.
  It was only after you drove off that a shadowy figure had stood up from the spot you’d been watching, as though it had been crouched there all along, and began walking on what looked like unsteady legs towards the Morvant house.
  So now you were here, hours later, in your favorite faded band tee that you’d managed to hang onto since high school and some joggers that were rapidly approaching a second life as sleep shorts with how many holes were in the legs. You were humming absently as you dusted the bookshelf where your great aunt’s ashes rested at eye level, carefully lifting the little silver box to dust underneath. “Sorry, Lula,” you said quietly, addressing said box like she could talk back to you. “I’ll put you back in just a—“
  The sudden chime of the doorbell made you start, slightly, clutching the box tighter in your hand to make sure it didn’t go tumbling to the ground. You looked from the door down to your outfit and winced slightly, praying it was just a package service person dropping something off and leaving. But, you thought with a sinking feeling in your stomach, you couldn’t remember ordering anything recently…
  You’d almost thought whoever it was had left after the long following pause - only to jump slightly again when your doorbell rang a second time, like the person behind the door wasn’t entirely sure what to do. You sighed softly, moving to head that way— only to hiss suddenly at the feeling suddenly jolting through your palm. 
  You hurriedly put your great aunt’s box of ashes back in its resting spot on your shelf, the silver having suddenly turned so cold, you felt like it had flash frozen all skin in contact with it. You examined your palm with a soft gasp, looking for any sign of what had absolutely felt like putting your hand on frozen metal a moment ago - but finding no details on your skin to validate the sensation. You turned your hand over, staring at the back for a second and also finding nothing there… before, timidly, looking to the box on the shelf.
  There was nothing about it that had changed physically - no visible coating of ice like you could swear you’d just felt - but when you gently touched a finger to its surface, it still felt weirdly… cold. Not frozen anymore - just cold.
  You sighed softly, deciding to just deal with… whatever that was later, before turning and walking hurriedly to the door.
  Opening it, you were both delighted and mildly horrified to find Maxi waiting there, looking dapper as ever in shirtsleeves and a charcoal waistcoat with his hands behind his back. He wasn’t looking at you right away as you stood in your doorway - in fact, his gaze was turned inward, as if he was desperately trying to recite something in his head.
  “Hey, you,” you said, unable to help a smile at his intense expression. “You get lost on the way to a wake?”
  His eyes snapped back to yours all at once, and (to your further secret delight) lit up as bright as eyes as dark as his could. “Hey! Um. Am I interrupting’…?” he trailed off in his question, pausing to glance over - of course - what you were pretty sure were the rattiest clothes you owned. 
  “Oh yes,” you nodded seriously, deciding you were going to play it off as you leaned languorously in your own doorframe. “You’ve clearly just interrupted me seducing several heads of state as we attempt to negotiate world peace.” You have him a mock stern look. “And it was going so well, too.”
  Maxi laughed that laugh you were coming to secretly adore, and - to your further delight - turned the slightest shade of pink on top of that. “I mean, I’m sure you’ll have no issue succeedin’ once I get out of your hair,” he joked back.
  “Well, you know. Ancient sweatpants. Trade secret,” you said with a teasing wink. “Knocks ‘em dead every time.”
  “…Of course they do,” he added quietly, as if half to himself, and he once again sent a shock to your system with his soft sincerity. 
  Before you could question this little aside, he straightened up slightly, as if gathering himself. “So, uh. I’m guessin’ now’s a terrible time to give you these?” He pulled his hand from behind his back, presenting you with a small bouquet of your favorite flowers - their stems still green and slightly dewy, clearly fresh from the florist.
  You felt your jaw drop slightly, the joke leaving your mind entirely. “Maxi, this is so sweet?” you said, taking them gently from him. You admired them with wide eyes before taking a small, curious sniff, smiling to yourself at the delicate scent. “What brought this on?” you asked, looking back to him.
  Maxi was gazing at you again with eyes that seemed fathomless, at war with his adoration being obvious and still trying to seem casual. “Oh, y’know,” he shrugged a shoulder, going for casual for now. “You mentioned you liked those the other day, in the cemetery, and I was just thinkin’ about seein’ you tomorrow, and figured… well,” he said slowly. “I, uh, thought I’d ask if we could make a slight change to our plans.”
  You felt heat rise to your cheeks as the fluttering behind your rib cage threatened to break it open. “I- yeah, sure, no worries,” you nodded quickly. “What’s your have in mind?”
  Maxi cleared his throat slightly, hesitating for a moment before meeting your eyes again, as if steeling himself. “I was wonderin’ if I could, actually, take you out in a more formal capacity. …Like, y’know, an actual date,” he said, and out of the corner of your eye, you caught the fingers of his left hand drumming slightly against his leg.
  You felt yourself grinning, fighting back a giggle. “Yeah?”
  “Yeah,” Maxi nodded, smiling himself a bit sheepishly. “If that’s okay with you, obviously.”
  “Hmm,” you looked down at the flowers again, pretending to think about it despite the overwhelming smile you could absolutely feel on your face. You looked back up at him at last, nodding. “Yeah, I think I’d be okay with that.”
  “Oh, thank god,” Maxi said, a little too relieved to be totally joking still. “Saves me from havin’ to change my name and flee into the swamp in the middle of the night.”
  You actually let yourself laugh at that, and he beamed, as if he couldn’t believe his luck. “Well, truthfully,” you said, fidgeting with the little piece of red yarn that bound the stems together in a bunch. “I was going to call you and ask you the same thing.” No harm in admitting it now, you supposed. 
  “Oh really?” Maxi asked, in that same chirpy tone you’d come to learn was his genuine excitement. “I mean— well,” he backtracked, trying to act as if this was a lucky coincidence. “Great minds at work again, I suppose.” His smile still gave him away, however, just a little too bright to be as casual as he was trying to sound.
  “Do you want to, like, actually come in for a drink or something?” you asked, stepping slightly aside in your doorway. “Since you came all the way out here?”
  Maxi’s looked like he was about to argue with this observation, but a knowing tilt of your head just made him blush slightly more - while your places weren’t far away, relatively, you were far enough from the main road through town that he had no other real excuse for being out this way. For a moment, he seemed to consider it - and then, oddly, his eyes locked on something over your shoulder. His expression flickered to something you couldn’t read, but before you could turn around to look, his smile was back. “I’d really love to, sugar, but I have to go argue with one of my distributors before their office closes for the day.” He rolled his eyes slightly. “Can’t be runnin’ out of formaldehyde durin’ Flu Season, you know how it is.”
  “I’m terribly familiar, yes,” you smiled still, and Maxi seemed reassured that you were still joking along with his morbid sense of humor. “That’s fine, do what you need to do. …There’s always tomorrow, anyway,” you added, looking down to your flowers for a moment as you felt your cheeks warm again.
  Maxi blinked, looking like his brain was sputtering for a moment at this idea before he nodded. “Right. Of course. Um. So… I’ll pick you up at seven?” he asked, his smile slightly disbelieving again. He paused, glancing over his shoulder at the hearse looming in your driveway. “I, um. I’ll be drivin’ somethin’ else, of course—“
  “Seven is great,” you said, leaning against your doorframe again. “And you can drive the hearse,” you added. “I really don’t mind.”
  “Really?” Maxi asked, looking slightly relieved.
  You shrugged. “If that’s easier for you, then that’s fine with me. It’s not like you have to worry about scaring me off, obviously,” you added with a wry smile.
  “You really are wonderful that way,” Maxi said, and it was soft enough that it felt more like he was confiding in you than making a joke. He pushed his hair back a bit sub-consciously, but still had a trace of his smile. “I’ll let you get back to your seduction, then - see you tomorrow?”
  “Yeah, can’t wait,” you said - and were not totally surprised how genuinely you meant it.
  “Me neither,” Maxi said, his tone still soft as he turned to head back to his car.
  You leaned back into your house for a second, setting the flowers safely on your table by the front door before looking back to where he was walking away. “Hey Maxi?”
  He turned immediately on his heel, looking back to you as if trying to figure out what he’d forgotten.
  “Are you going to kiss me before you leave, or are you going to make me wait until tomorrow?” You grinned, acting like this was perfectly obvious. 
  You were surprised at the alacrity with which he crossed the threshold again, immediately closing the space between you like he’d been desperately hoping you’d ask. He hesitated for just a moment when he got to you, his left hand coming up for a moment to rest with a near-ghostly touch on your cheek as his dark eyes fell to your lips - before, at last, leaning down to kiss you like you were something immeasurably delicate.
  There was restraint to it, like he’d been thinking about this just as much as you had, but he was trying to take his time, determined not to let his enthusiasm cause him to rush. Eventually, though, it got the better of him, and he deepened the kiss to something more. When your arms reached up to wind around his neck, pulling him closer to you, you were suddenly aware of his free hand against your back, as if determined to keep you there with him.
  When at last the two of you broke the kiss, you found yourself resting your forehead against his, and you realized just how much this felt like it had been a long time coming.
  “…So,” you said quietly, just slightly out of breath. “I should let you, um. Go figure out your formaldehyde problem.”
  “I probably should, yeah,” Maxi agreed, his eyes moving from yours to your lips and back again.
  It took you both another full minute before you finally, wordlessly, convinced yourselves to move. You leaned against your doorway, feeling like your face was on fire, and Maxi again pushed his hair away from his face - although this time due to where your hands had been in it, just briefly.
  “I’ll see you tomorrow,” you said, trying to keep your giddy smile in check.
  “It’s a date,” he said, still with that slightly disbelieving grin of his, before at last forcing himself to head to the hearse.
  You watched him drive off, hiding how much you were grinning behind your hand again before turning and shutting your front door. You leaned against it with a small sigh, thanking whatever weird cosmic force in the universe had let him know about your conversation with your friends in the cemetery earlier. Maybe it was luck, maybe it was something less explainable, but either way, you were grateful.
  It was only then you paused, remembering Maxi seemed to have been distracted by something inside earlier. Following the direction you were sure you saw him looking, you found yourself staring at… the shelf you had just been dusting, with your great aunt’s ashes in their innocuous silver box.
  You frowned, confused - it wasn’t like anyone could tell what those were from a distance. And as a mortician, he’d be more than familiar with cremains, so it wasn’t like they were what had caught his attention. 
  You finally had no recourse but to shrug it off - maybe he was just caught in his own head for a second. It’d happened to you plenty of times. You instead grabbed your bouquet from where you’d set it down, heading towards your kitchen with a bright smile as you went to go find a suitable vase.
  A presence watched you go from the corner of the room where you’d just been looking, frowning at what this meant for you now… and for Maxi, as much as it didn’t care for him.
  Neither of you seemed to have any clue that your fates were now entirely intertwined.
  -
  “Prove it.”
  The words were out of your mouth before you could stop them, and even Maxi blinked, looking thrown.
  “I’m sorry?” He tilted his head, surprised.
  You threw your hands up in an exaggerated shrug. “Prove it. Prove to me you’re as cursed as you say you are.”
  “…Sweet pea,” Maxi said quietly, looking at you like you’d just grown a third arm. “You— did you hear anything I just said?”
  “Every word,” you said, swallowing again against the lump in your throat. “But that’s all they are right now. Just words. It’s still just a story.” You shook your head. “For all I know, you could just be having - I don’t know, a psychotic break. You could just need help.”
  “Baby,” Maxi shook his head, his expression pained. “I swear I’m tellin’ you the truth. Finally,” he added, bitterly. He looked away, to the stormy window. “I should’ve told you everythin’ before I let things get this far.”
  “You would still think you were telling the truth if you were sick, Maxi,” you said, your tone near pleading. “But I know you, you’re not… you’re not like that,” you said, feeling near tears again.
  Maxi groaned, hiding his face in his hands for a moment like this statement caused him physical pain. “Darlin’,” he said, his voice strained. “That’s what I’m tryin’ to explain.” He ran his hands harshly back through his hair, nearly pulling it before he looked at you with eyes near tears. “I am everythin’ I just told you about. I was selfish,” he added, his tone sharp. “I thought I could have you and keep you from it, keep it hidden, all of it, and I could just pretend I was normal.” He looked away, biting his lip hard to keep it from trembling. “I thought I could protect you from what I am.”
  “Protect me from what, Maxi?!” you said, desperation edging into your voice. “You’ve never done anything but care for me.” 
  Maxi let out a frustrated growl from deep in his throat, looking away again before taking a long, shaking breath. It was a moment before looked with hollow eyes once more. “Darlin’. I’ve killed people.” He swallowed hard, as if in visceral disgust. “I’ve killed a lot of people.”
  You felt your breath catch in your chest, so sharply it hurt. “You’ve… what?”
  He gestured weakly in the direction of his place. “The House that was built at the crossroads is my family’s Mortuary.” He seemed torn between keeping his eyes on yours and being unable to look at you, having to keep bringing his gaze back to your face. “They Who Provide. They’re real. They’ve had us all infected since we were born. There’s no escapin’ them.” His eyes fell back to the mattress. “I’ve been killin’ people for years tryin’ to keep them fed, keep them at bay, but it… it’s never enough.” He shook his head. “They always need more.”
  You continued to stare at him, your heart kicking like a rabbit against your ribs. “…Who?”
  Maxi’s eyes snapped back to yours. “Pardon?”
  You swallowed, trying to find your voice again. “Who have you killed?”
  Maxi blinked, head tilting in slight confusion for a moment before he answered. “Today it was some asshole who kept callin’ his kid by the wrong name when I was tryin’ to plan their funeral,” he said quietly. He hesitated for a moment longer. “Two weeks ago it was that guy who came onto you at that club with your friends.”
  You froze. “…What?”
  “This is what I’m tryin’ to tell you,” he hissed, and he moved towards you with a suddenness that had you backing up into your headboard. He was kneeling directly in front of you, eyes manic. “I followed you, when you went out with your friends,” he explained, his voice ragged. “Because I can’t stand to be away from you anymore. You’re mine,” he said, and there was a new darkness to his gaze that nearly made you draw breath. “You’re all I think about, and — And I wanted you to go have fun with the people you love, but I just… I don’t trust strangers with you,” he whispered, his tone feverish. He lifted his hand to your face, tracing a ghostly line down your cheek with a knuckle that was a bit too cool to the touch. You didn’t pull away, staring at him in a mix of mesmerization and horror. “Not when there’s people like me out there. And I wasn’t wrong,” he argued, even though you hadn’t said anything to the contrary. “I saw him check your drink when you tried to get away from him. He wanted to—“ Maxi cut himself off, looking away as a mortal fury the likes of which you’d never seen on him passed over his face. He took a slow breath before looking back to you, gathering himself. “So I followed him outside and I made sure he’d never do that to anyone else ever again. But most importantly, I kept you safe.”
   He moved closer to you, setting one hand behind your head against your headboard as he gazed at you longingly. “That’s all I want,” he whispered, frenzied again. “Is to keep you safe, and keep you with me…” He leaned forward, as if to kiss you, but caught himself with another pained expression. “But you deserve to know,” he said softly, as if half to himself. He looked back to you with slightly clearer if not more anguished eyes. “You deserve to know all of this. I can’t keep lyin’ to you.” He pulled himself back slightly, as if ashamed he’d let himself get so close to you at such a moment. “…You deserve to know, and to… to choose.”
  You stared at the person you loved most in the world, your stomach churning like someone had stabbed you with a machete and twisted it. You should be repulsed. You should be running screaming out your front door. You should be in a panic that someone like this had an iron grip on half your heart, that you’d been more honest and vulnerable with him than you’d ever been with anyone, only for him to hide his entire life from you. You should be furious. You should be heartbroken. 
  But instead, you found yourself biting your lip for reasons you couldn’t explain. You watched him for a long moment, at war with yourself, before finally asking the question burning on the tip of your tongue. “…How?”
  Maxi looked at you in confusion, having apparently also expected something along the lines of shrieking condemnation. “I— What do you mean, angel?”
  “I mean,” you said quietly, slightly breathless. “How’d you kill him?”
  Maxi’s brow furrowed slightly, searching your face. “…I had an aspiration trocar in the linin’ of my jacket,” he said quietly. “I got him alone in the alley, got him to confess what he was tryin’ to do, and I shoved it through the nasal passage into the frontal lobe. But I don’t— what does it matter?” 
  “Because,” you said quietly, staring at him. “You were killing someone because you had to, and you specifically killed someone that was trying to hurt me. You were subtle about it - you weren’t doing it just because,” you worried your lip with your teeth. “It wasn’t like you went out and picked someone innocent at random, you know? Someone just to terrify, to fuck with before you tortured them painfully and slowly.” You found yourself shrugging slowly. “…I can live with that.”
  Maxi’s eyes widened behind his glasses. “No,” he shook his head quickly. “That’s not why I told you that—“
  “Listen to me,” you said, moving from the headboard so you were eye to eye. “Maxi, listen to me,” you repeated, taking his face gently in your hands. “If it’s just assholes, and you’re doing this to- I don’t know, to protect people from whatever’s in your fucking basement, I can live with that.”
  “You don’t know what you’re asking,” Maxi said softly, his face clearly torn between hope and pain. “Baby, that’s not all of it. I’ve killed other people. Innocent people. When I was younger, when I was… when I was someone else.”
  “But it’s not you anymore,” you said, searching his eyes. “Right?”
  “No, it’s not,” he agreed, his hands gently covering yours. “But darlin’, I still… I killed people because I wanted to become what the people before me became,” he said softly. He took a deep, shaking breath. “There was a time I wanted to do exactly what my father did. And I did awful things to achieve that.”
  “But you changed,” you insisted, still not letting go of him.
  “Not until it was too late,” Maxi whispered. “I got too far along. I changed in… other ways.” He worried his lip with his teeth. “I’m not… like other people, anymore. I can do things people shouldn’t be able to do.”
  You shook your head. “I don’t believe you.” It was half desperation, half hope. “I’ve never, ever seen that in you. I mean, okay, putting a pin in the ‘killing people for demons’ thing for a minute,” you gesticulated frustratedly. “It’s not like you walk around oozing black magic or anything, Maxi, you’re just… you.” you said quietly, reaching up to brush a few loose strands of hair from his eyes. “I mean - it’s not that I don’t believe you, but I see shapes in the graveyard too.” You shrugged. “It’s not that uncommon around here, right?”
  Maxi bit hard into his lower lip, the fingers of his left hand drumming hard on the back of yours for a minute as he clearly considered something. Finally, they stilled, and he took your hand gently in his to bring it to his lips. “Do you trust me?” he murmured, staring at you intently.
  “Obviously.” You said it without even having to think about it. 
  “Good.” Maxi took another deep breath, this one slightly more even. “Because what I’m about to tell you is goin’ to hurt, at least a little, but I just… I need you to understand what I mean, baby.”
  You stared at him, trying to figure out where this was going, wondering if you should be afraid.
  Maxi stared again at your hand in his for a long moment before he nodded towards your living room. “The woman in the urn is your great aunt Tallulah, your mother’s aunt,” he said quietly. “She’s been dead for five years or so now. She died right before you went to get your Masters.”
  Your stomach sank. “I told you that,” you said quietly. You shook your head, more at yourself than at what he said. “I know I’ve told you that before.” There was part of you that was very much afraid of what he would say next, for reasons you didn’t understand yet.
  “Bear with me,” he said again, smiling weakly. He rubbed the back of your hand gently with his thumb. “…It was stage four breast cancer,” he went on. “It metastasized in her right leg - in the femur. But no one caught it until it was too late.” He hesitated for a moment before looking at you. “The last time you saw her was in her hospital room. Just after her symptoms took a turn for the worse.” 
  You stared at him, feeling tears gather once again in your eyes. “…You could have guessed that part,” you said quietly, trying to keep your voice even. “That’s… that’s all fairly common.”
  Maxi moved to hug you, pulling your head to his chest and tucking it under his chin, and you didn’t protest. You were fighting back your tears, trying hard not to let them overwhelm you as Maxi ran a hand softly over your hair.
  “You thought you were only leavin’ for the afternoon,” he murmured, pressing a kiss to your forehead. “But she wouldn’t let you come back to visit after that.”
  “I had to have told you this,” you protested, your voice breaking slightly on the last word. “I had to have said it, at some point. In your car, or in the cemetery that first day…”
  “No,” Maxi said softly, shaking his head. “She did.” He rubbed your back gently, trying to soothe you. “She loved you so much, she couldn’t imagine ever havin’ to say goodbye to you for real. She wanted to be able to pretend she’d see you again soon.” He hesitated a moment. “‘Love you, Lula, see you tomorrow.’ That’s the last thing you ever said to her. And she thought it was perfect, exactly as it was.”
  You felt yourself crumble at this exact recitation, something Maxi couldn’t have possibly known without you telling him. And you hadn’t told him - as much as you loved him, you could barely stand to relive it to yourself, much less to anyone else. 
  “She’s about… five-five” Maxi continued. “You have her eyes,” he added, and you could hear the small, sad smile in his voice. “And she was cremated in the shirt and hat you sent her from your school, after you got in. You kept lookin’ for them after she died, when you were goin’ through her stuff. Your gran had to tell you why you couldn’t find it.”
  “Okay,” you nodded. You looked up at him, hastily wiping your eyes. “Okay, I believe you.” You fought a sniffle, only to momentarily dissolve into tears again, overcome by this unexpected revisiting of your grief.
  “I’m sorry,” Maxi murmured. You let yourself be pulled into his lap, feeling him cradle you carefully and kiss the places where your tears had traced your cheeks. “I’m so sorry, darlin’, I don’t tell you this to upset you. I just… I need you to know this is real,” he said, exhaustion creeping back into his voice. “I need you to fully understand what you’re gettin’ yourself into, here.”
  You pressed your face into his hoodie, trying to gather yourself, but you didn’t realize you’d muffled your next question, speaking more into the fabric than you realized.
  “…I’m sorry, sugar, I didn’t get that.” Maxi looked down at you, concerned, as he continued to rub circles on your back through your tank top.
  You sat up again, taking a deep breath to gather yourself. “Is she… is she better?” you asked, not entirely sure how to ask this question. “Like…” You bit your lip, trying not to cry again. “The chemo, it… it had all these side effects, and it made her sicker, and…” You looked at him, blinking through your tears. “Does she still… have those?”
  “No,” Maxi said immediately, shaking his head. “I mean… her hair’s still gray, but it is back,” he added quietly. “And if you’re talkin’ about the swellin’ in her leg, it’s gone. Hell, whenever I see her, she’s standin’ in your livin’ room tappin’ her foot.”
  You let yourself laugh, a choked, water-y sound in your relief. “Yeah, that sounds like her.” You were still sniffling, somewhat, but this feeling - this new lightness, that someone you had loved for so long and had to lose to an illness that left her a shell of her former self, was actually okay - was like a candle in your chest, warm and glowing. “…But wait, she only does that when she’s mad,” you said, suddenly realizing what he’d said. Your frowned. “What’s she mad about? Is she okay?” You felt your eyes widen. “She’s not, like… stuck here, somehow, is she?”
  “No, darlin’,” Maxi soothed, moving your hair gently away from your still-damp cheeks. “No, she can come and go as she pleases. She just likes to keep an eye on you.” He paused, the slightest bit of a smile coming to his face. “I’ll be honest,” his voice was low and conspirtorial. “I have never been so thoroughly hated by a sixty year old woman in my entire life.”
  This made you burst out laughing, and Maxi’s smile grew, relieved. “What do you mean, she hates you?” You looked at him, unable to help your own grin in return. “I mean, sure, Lula was always a bit, uh… a bit choosy in her company...”
  “Oh, she despises me,” Maxi shook his head, laughing a little. “Every time I’m in your livin’ room, she’s in my ear - ‘Now I know they’re an adult, but I don’t trust you one bit, I’m watchin’ you’ - she just goes on,” Maxi rolled his eyes slightly. “I think she’s hated me since the first day I brought you flowers.” He paused thoughtfully, his smile fading somewhat. “…I think she’s just tryin’ to protect you, though.” He looked down, as if for a moment questioning if she should be holding you. “She’s not wrong, there.”
  “…Okay,” you said, taking a small breath. You only moved away from him so you could look him in the eye better, but kept your feet in his lap so he understood this wasn’t a separation of fear. “Okay, so you really can see ghosts. That’s… fine,” you said, nodding. “That’s cool, even. I can deal with that.” You thought back over the story again, looking up for a moment as you tried to remember what he’d told you. “…What was the last thing? Manipulation of flesh and bone?” You looked back to him, raising an eyebrow. “I haven’t seen you make any zombies lately, babe, I think I’m in the clear there.”
  “That’s Rora’s forte,” he said, his tone flat with irritation - not with you, with her. 
  “…Oh. Right,” you said quietly. You’d forgotten for a moment about his dead sister. You paused, looking back up in confusion. “Wait, did she bring herself back to life?”
  “She wasn’t fuckin’ supposed to, but she did,” Maxi said, his jaw clenching in frustration. “That was part of our deliberate agreement with the other families, we weren’t going to use our magic to resurrect ourselves. So now the minute one of those stuffy bastards in New Orleans finds out, they’re going to be down here like a shot— and that’s another thing,” Maxi added, looking back to you. “That’s another reason I’m bad for you. You’re gonna get dragged into a whole feud that has nothin’ to do with you, and isn’t your fault, and have to deal with a whole other set of weirdos hopped up on dark magic who exercise barely more restraint than Hector at the best of times… Jesus,” Maxi whispered to himself, running a hand through his hair again and pulling slightly at the roots. “What the fuck was I thinkin’, talkin’ to you like this wouldn’t happen?”
  “That you love me,” you said quietly, taking his left hand gently in both of yours and removing it carefully from his hair. “And I love you too.” You kissed his knuckles before you laughed a little to yourself, turning his hand over to look at his palm. “You know, I always knew you were too good to be true. That there had to be another shoe that was going to drop.” You looked at him, shrugging flippantly. “It might as well be this. Or something like it.”
  “That isn’t why I’m tellin’ you this,” Maxi looked exasperated. “I’m tellin’ you this because I don’t know if I’m entirely human anymore, I don’t know the extent of what… what they’ve done to me. What I asked for, once,” he added bitterly. He swallowed against his next words. “I want you to know all this because you have every right to be terrified. To want somethin’ - someone - else.”
  “But I don’t,” you said simply.
  “I’m goin’ to get you killed,” Maxi ground through gritted teeth, looking away from you but still not pulling his hand from yours.
  “You’re a mortician, baby,” you squeezed his palm. “Something’s going to kill me eventually. You of all people know that.”
  “It’s not the same!” Maxi’s eyes gleamed, half fury and half pain as they snapped back to yours. “I can’t say I love you and put you in danger like this. That’s not love, that’s… selfishness. It’s borderline cruel,” he looked abjectly wretched. 
  “But you do love me, though,” you said. “I know that. It’s like… like I’ve always known that.” You took a breath, but your next words spilled out despite your attempt at restraint. “Maxi,” you said, your voice raw now. “If soulmates exist, you’re the closest thing I’ve ever had to one, okay?” You felt your cheeks burning, swallowing hard. “No one has ever made me feel as safe and loved and… just understood, as you have. Ever. And I’m not… I’m not about to just give you up.”
  “Darlin’, this is insane. I have to kill people to satisfy my family’s end of a blood pact with actual demons,” Maxi argued. “I will keep havin’ to do so, probably until I die or they kill me. …And they want me to kill you,” he continued, sounding on the edge of tears again. “The Curse picked you. You’re my Thirteenth. My Obsession.” He shook his head as if in fear of his own thoughts. “I thought it wouldn’t happen, not to me - I didn’t think I could feel this way about anyone. I’d dated people before, but it was just… passing. It was a way to pretend I wasn’t what I was. But then you came along, and…” He took a long breath, like he was suddenly starved for air. “And you’re mine - you’re all I think about, you’re all I want - but the Curse wants more than that.” He looked back to you. “And I can’t… I can’t keep you knowin’ that. It’s not safe for you, and it’s not fair.”
  “Maxi,” you said, trying to keep your voice even. “Did you fall in love with me because of the Curse? Did you pick me because the Curse told you to? Because it compelled you, chose me as a victim before you even knew who I was?”
  “No,” Maxi shook his head immediately. “That… that was just me. That was you.” And finally, his hand squeezed yours back. “That was you, that day in the cemetery, and it was the first time I hadn’t felt alone in years.”
  “Then it’s still just you,” you said quietly, pleading. “Whatever you feel for me, it’s just you. It’s not the Curse, even if it… it tries to make you think it is. You’d never hurt me.” You shook your head. “I know that. And I’m not going anywhere.” You half laughed, half sobbed. “I don’t want to, because I feel the same way about you. Where would I go, when you’re the first person I’ve ever been totally myself with? Why would I leave you, when I know I’d never find anyone like you in a hundred lifetimes?”
  “I’m a monster,” Maxi said hoarsely.
  You moved to take his face in your hands, even when he tried to flinch away. “Does it look like I’m afraid of you?”
  Maxi gazed at you, torn - before at last, he seemed to succumb to his own feelings, pulling you into a crushing hug. “I’m sorry.” He closed his eyes for a moment, a tear trailing down his face. “I wish I was stronger. I wish I could let you go like you deserve.”
  “Don’t,” you said, kissing his cheek where the tear had fallen, then the corner of his mouth. “I love you.” You pulled back to look him in the eye again, keeping one hand on his cheek as your other arm wrapped around his neck. “Whatever happens, I’m staying. I won’t… I won’t leave you to this. Whatever it is.” You shook your head. “You’re not your family. You’re not the Curse. You’re you,” you managed a smile. “And I love you exactly as you are… and all the dark that comes with it.”
  Maxi gazed at you, his left hand moving to cover yours… and you both made a soft noise of shock, when a sharp feeling passed between them.
  As you pulled your hands away to look, your fingertips still brushed with your close proximity. Maxi’s palm was lit up with bright red sparks like embers, chasing each other over the lines of his hand like living creatures. You both watched, transfixed, as a few of these sparks transferred to your hand in turn… causing the burns there from your earlier brush with the matches to vanish, as if they’d never been there to begin with.
  “…You didn’t mention you could do that,” you said slowly, glancing at him.
  Maxi shook his head, still staring at your fingertips with a look both haunted and fascinated. “No, that’s… definitely new.” He tilted his head slightly, frowning. “Normally that works the other way.”
  You nodded, pursing your lips slightly as you looked at the renewed skin where the small blisters had been. “…Cool. Okay. Good to know.” You paused, the last part finally landing. “Wait, other way—?”
  “I’ll— I’ll explain later. This is what I’m talking about, though. This is a perfect example,” Maxi shot back, looking at you. “This shit is unpredictable. I’ve had… what I can do, for years, and it’s still changin’.” He shook his head. “How do I know it won’t change in a way that will hurt you?”
  “People already change in a relationship, Maxi,” you said softly. “If you do change… then I’ll probably change too, in a way. But we don’t have to worry about that until it happens, and I’m still not going anywhere.” You hesitated, swallowing nervously as your next thought occurred to you. “Not unless… you’re asking me to?”
  “I’d die first.” He said it in that soft way, half to himself, which you associated now with the things he meant the most. He bit his lip so hard for a moment you were worried it would bleed. “I love you. More than I knew I could. You’re… you’re the first person who’s let me feel like I’m just… myself.” His eyes met yours. “I can’t give that up, either. I think if I had to, I’d… stop feelin’ human.”
  “Then stay with me,” you whispered. “And we’ll stay human.”
  Maxi lifted you from your mattress in a sudden sweep, pulling you back into his lap and crushing his lips to yours. Your hands enmeshed themselves in the fabric of the back of his hoodie, and as another lightning bolt flashed outside, you kissed him back as hard as you could, biting his lip and sucking so hard you were worried you’d be the one to draw blood.
  Maxi’s hands pulled the arch of your back flush to his torso, and his tongue filled your mouth in a way that caused you to moan softly. His grip grew suddenly desperate, like iron again, and you felt the length of him pushing hard through the thin fabric of his boxers and your shorts.
  When he pulled away, leaving you breathless, he kept the end of his nose against yours. His eyes were unfathomably dark in a way that went straight to the core of you. “If you’re not careful, sugar, I could just eat you alive,” he murmured, his voice honeyed in a way that made you shiver.
  “I’d welcome it,” you said softly, and then he was on you, biting so hard at the point of your pulse you cried out. He pressed a kiss to the spot after, as if momentarily apologetic, before nipping at your collar bone, then at the neckline of your shirt. 
  “Off,” he growled, his hands finding your hips, and you complied eagerly, shedding the flimsy fabric and tossing it to your bedroom floor. You pulled him back to you, and Maxi pushed you gently back onto your mattress. He hovered over you for a moment, leaning on his hands and taking in the lines of your bare torso with such a vicious sense of need it made you squirm slightly. “You’re gorgeous,” he said, eyes reverent. “You don’t realize how delicate you are like this.” He leaned down, the tip of his nose tracing down your cheek. He hesitated, adding softly, “Especially to me.”
  You lifted his hand from where it rested next to your head, and he paused, breath catching in his throat as you placed it delicately over your own. “I trust you, Maxi,” you said, your hand covering his and stroking the back of it. You smiled wickedly. “You’d only hurt me if I wanted you to, babe.”
  Maxi let out another growl from somewhere deep in his chest, but this was something else than the one previously born of frustration. This was a need beyond hunger. He leaned back only for a moment, hastily ridding himself of his hoodie and undershirt before returning his hand to your throat with a gentleness that made your heart flutter behind your sternum. Your hand wrapped around his wrist in turn as he leaned down, laving one of your nipples with his tongue like it was something sweet. This was a form of worship to the hymn of your heart racing in your ears, the sound of his tongue against your skin and the quiet moans that escaped you. When he bit down over your heart, wanting to feel the beat of it in his mouth as he usually did when he was with you, you whined softly, squeezing his wrist where you held it.
  Maxi paused, releasing your breast from his mouth with a lascivious lick to the already-bruising teeth marks he left there. “I’ll give you somethin’ to hold on to, pretty,” he said, a darkness to his smile that made you bite your lip in anticipation. “Here… can I take these off you first?” He reached down to your waist, hooking his long fingers in the band of the soft pajama shorts there.
  “Please,” you murmured, a bit breathless as your hips already moved against his hand, wishing desperately he would move it lower.
  “What lovely manners my baby has.” Maxi leaned down, capturing your lips as he dragged your shorts off with an aching slowness that almost made you whine again. He dropped them off the edge of your bed, his fingers tracing down your already soaking slit and making you gasp into his mouth. 
  “Maxi, if you don’t quit teasing me—“ you warned, panting as they skimmed playfully over your clit. “Maxi!”
  “I spent hours thinkin’ I’d never get to touch you like this again, darlin’.” Maxi’s voice was slightly rough now as two of his fingers pressed inside you, inhaling sharply through his teeth at the way you clenched around him so easily. “You’ll have to forgive me, but I’m takin’ my time with this.”
  “What if I don’t want you to?” You nearly moaned, bucking your hips hard against his hand in a desperation for friction. “What if I just want you?”
  Maxi paused, seeming to ponder this as he continued to fuck you slowly, his thumb brushing your clit just enough to torture you. “You know I can’t deny you anything, angel,” he said softly, his eyes dropping to your face. His smile, however, was wry as he pulled his fingers slowly from you, causing you to groan in frustration. “But I’d sure be interested to see what you’d do to take what you want.”
  You looked up at him, a new curiosity in your anticipation now as you watched him suck your slick from his own hand. “Is that a challenge, Morvant?”
  Maxi shrugged, but the way his tongue darted over his lower lip gave him away. “If you want it to—“
  He didn’t get time to finish his sentence as you leaned up, your fingers fitting to his throat and your kiss stunning him to silence. You took the time to taste the trace of yourself on his tongue, smiling slightly as you pulled back. When he gazed at you with wide eyes, you put pressure on his carotid and his jugular, and his pupils expanded in their seemingly endless darkness. “On your back,” you purred, and he complied immediately, letting you guide him down to your mattress with your hand still over his neck.
  You got adjusted slowly, making a show of straddling his chest and grinding yourself just enough onto it to leave a faint, glistening streak. Maxi seemed to have overestimated his own patience, as his hands were immediately around your thighs, his fingers squeezing hard into the luxurious flesh there. 
  You sat there for a moment, giggling to yourself as you watched him press fervent kisses to the insides of your knees and what part of your thighs he could reach, nipping where he could. His hands moved up and down your skin eagerly, and you briefly felt him cup your ass, trying subtly to move you forward.
  “Sorry, baby,” you said, your grin sharp. “I’m taking my time with you now. Remember?”
  “…Okay, fine,” Maxi grumbled, turning to lick at what skin of your inner thigh he could reach. “Point taken. But I can think of worse places to be forced to wait, in the grand scheme of things.”
  “Oh, really?” You reached down, gently plucking Maxi’s glasses from his face and setting them carefully off to the side. “So you don’t, say, want me to move up so you can actually eat me alive? You’re fine if I just sit here and…?” You ground yourself against his chest again, biting your lip slightly.
  “Fuck.” Maxi’s composure immediately disappeared as his hands moved to your thighs again, trying desperately to pull you closer. “You are such a tease, baby, I swear to god I’m gonna—“ 
  “You’re going to what?” You giggled, teasing him by shifting just a fraction closer to his face. “I thought you said you wanted to see what I’d do, remember? You said this was a challenge, if I wanted it to be.”
  “That was before I realized you’d be so goddamn mean about it,” Maxi’s voice had the edge of a whine to it, his gator’s grip on your upper thighs as he tried again in vain to pull you to him. “C’mon, pretty, I just want a taste. Please?”
  You bit down on your lip, the desperation in his voice causing to to push down a little more onto his chest to achieve some sense of friction, which only made him moan in frustration. “Fine,” you said at last, and his eyes went to yours, wide like a man possessed. “But I want something too.”
  “Anythin’,” Maxi’s accent was slightly thicker, if possible, in his very obvious desire. “Whatever you want, pretty baby, I promise.”
  You laughed softly, leaning down and teasing him with a kiss, which he accepted like a man starved. When he wasn’t paying attention, you reached to the side of your headboard, picking up a soft, wide strip of black jersey fabric you kept there for just such occasions. When you sat up again, you showed it to him, tilting your head to watch his face.
  “Sure,” Maxi said with an eager nod, not even bothering to think about it until a moment later. “…Wait, where?”
  You took one of his hands, then the other, off your thighs, tying his wrists together with the fabric and pinning them over his head. “Okay?”
  Maxi whined again, tugging slightly at the binding but not enough to undo it. “…Fine,” he mumbled, pouting just slightly. “But you know I like touchin’ you.”
  “I do,” you cooed, brushing his hair away from his eyes with another wicked grin. “And if Daddy behaves, I’ll let you. Later.” You tilted his chin up with your fingertips. “But you have to earn it first.”
  “I will,” Maxi’s eyes were cavernously dark as his back arched as much as it could under you, trying to pull you again towards him. “I will, I’ll take such good care of you, I swear, just— please, baby?” He licked his lips, looking positively ravenous in the flickering candlelight of your room.
  “I trust you,” you said softly, kissing the end of his nose a last time before, at last, carefully moving to set your slick cunt over Maxi’s mouth.
  You were immediately gasping from multiple sensations - the soft scratch of his stubble on your most sensitive skin, the searing heat of his tongue as he traced it with an aching slowness through your folds, and the way his moan of relief and further frustration sent a jolt right to your clit. His hands twitched hard in their bonds, nails scraping uselessly at the fabric, then at your sheets beneath him as he longed for something more solid to hold on to. This inability to touch you meant he leaned up into you more, rubbing his face on the inside of your thighs with each long, hot stroke of his mouth against you as he sought the warmth of your skin. You wound your fingers in his hair, your own moan echoing slightly around your room when his tongue lingered against your clit, laving it in a pattern to make you squirm. He arched under you unexpectedly, causing you to gasp and then moan again when he pushed his mouth stubbornly against your cunt, as if desperate to claim every drop of your arousal he knew was there only for him.
  When his tongue probed into your core, you pulled hard on his hair without realizing it, whining reflexively. He immediately did it again, and you realized after a moment he seemed to be enjoying you tugging like that. He fell into a pattern, teasing you with just the tip of his tongue inside you before returning his attentions elsewhere, so your frustrated pussy was constantly torn between wanting to feel full and wanting more sensation against the part of you that ached for it.
  “Fuck, Daddy,” you hissed, and Maxi’s tongue ran so torturously slowly over your clit and the delicate space just beneath that you’d thought you’d cry. The sounds of his tongue against your ever-increasing slick were borderline obscene, and you found yourself rutting just slightly against his mouth, desperate for pressure. “More, right there, please, fuck—“
  Maxi was more than happy to comply, using the flat of his tongue to give you the friction you craved. As much as he was keeping up a steady repetition against you, he also seemed more than willing to be still and let you move against him as you wanted, his eyes at one point rolling back slightly when your hips hitched against him again. Between his soft groan and his increasingly desperate pace, you were, for a moment, wondering if he really would devour you. 
  Your hands moved from his hair to his bound wrists as he began outright fucking you with the full length of his tongue, moaning wantonly as the muscle penetrated you after licking in delicate circles around your entrance. You caught yourself shivering, your thighs beginning to twitch hard around his face. “Maxi, god, I’m—“ You bit the last word off with a moan, feeling him pull from you to again trace the length of your slit with a hunger that bordered on vicious before he returned again to the white hot nerve of you. You felt yourself clench around air as you briefly felt a soft kiss, replaced by a sucking on your throbbing clit that made you viscerally gasp. “More, shit, please I wanna come so bad, please pleaseplease—“
  Maxi doubled down to the point that you swore you were starting to see black at the edges of your vision, and after a few minutes of his near-greedy abuse of your clit combined with the sharp burn of his unshaven face against your skin, it was a final hard stroke of his tongue that finally sent you over.
  “Daddy, Maxi, fuck,” you groaned from a place deep in you, tears welling at the corners of your eyes as you felt yourself shudder through a release that nearly ached with the strength of it. You coated your inner thighs and the bottom of his face in a fresh wave of slick, and you could hear him moaning beneath you as he took it all with his tongue like a man who’d been dying of thirst. Every soft stroke sent what you imagined the red sparks from his palm felt like through your nervous system, and you were panting hard, trying to catch your breath against the rising overstimulation.
  “Okay, okay,” you begged, reaching behind you to smooth your hand down his stomach. “Okay, I give. You win. Here.” You reached forward, pulling at the knot in the strip of fabric so it came undone. 
  Maxi pulled his hands free without much effort - more like he’d been humoring your knot than it actually held him in place - and as you started to move off him, his arms clamped down on your upper thighs with such a ferocity that you gasped. “Wait, what-“ 
  You nearly cried out as his tongue dragged through your folds again, feeling your cunt twitching hard from the sparks the overstimulation sent through you. “Fuck, Maxi, that’s so much—“
  “Be my good girl and humor Daddy, won’t you baby?” Maxi purred, pulling away from you just long enough that you could see your release glistening on his mouth and chin. “I’ve been dyin’ to do this for ages, I just want one more.”
  You didn’t get much of a chance to argue, as his arms immediately pulled you back against his mouth with a strength that somehow still managed to surprise you. Maxi had always been on the lean side, but after decades dragging the dead into place, it didn’t take much for him to hold even your gloriously proportioned thighs right where he wanted them without much effort. He pushed his tongue into you with a renewed vigor, his hands moving from your thighs to your ass and back again to make sure there was no space between the two of you as he set about fucking you with it harder still.
  You were whining on top of him, unable to twitch away from the sharpening sensations as he moved to mercilessly claim your clit with his mouth once more. The tears that gathered at the corners of your eyes started to spill as you found yourself panting, your eyes rolling back at one point when he sucked so intensely on the bud you thought you might just scream from the overwhelming feeling of it.
  “C’mon, gorgeous,” Maxi murmured, pulling away for just a minute to nip at your inner thigh and make you squirm uselessly against his grasp. “Fuck, you taste divine, be my sweet girl and give me just one more? Please?” You met his eyes as he again licked a hot stripe against your folds, and you felt yourself drip into his mouth from the intensity of it.
  “Fff- okay,” you nodded, biting your lip through the burning ache of it. “Okay, I’ll try, I just— fuck, Daddy, it’s too much.” Your head fell back, feeling yourself shudder hard as he pressed his tongue against your clit and pushed you forward so you were rutting slightly against his face again. You were doing your best to find purchase anywhere, feeling desperately like you needed something to hold on to - his wrists, his hair, your bedsheets, but nothing felt like it could keep you grounded through the crushing orgasm that threatened to overwhelm you.
  Maxi carefully teased your clit with his tongue again, lovingly circling it between the harder strokes you craved, and when he felt your thighs shake as you finally came undone a second time, he squeezed them both hard enough that you were sure there would be handprints there in a matter of hours.
  You half-whined, half-sobbed Maxi’s name as you rode out your second orgasm on his face, your toes curling hard behind you as it completely crashed over you. You were dazed and panting, all of you feeling like the lightning outside had just run through your entire nervous system. You placed your hands gently over Maxi’s, squeezing his where they rested on your thighs, and he at last let go. 
  You had no sooner pulled yourself off him than he was on you, pushing you down into your mattress as he captured your lips in his, still glistening with your own fluids. You eagerly kissed him back, relishing the specific taste of your orgasm on his tongue, and he was more than happy to give it to you as he pinned you beneath him. 
  “Look at you, darlin’,” he said, just a hint of ferocity to his smile as he gazed at you. “I’m startin’ to think you’ve gone a little quiet on me.” He took your chin between his thumb and forefinger, tilting your face so your still-dazed eyes met his. “You need a minute to catch up, pretty?”
  “N-no,” you managed, shaking your head slowly, and Maxi chuckled with a darkness that sent a chill through you. 
  “You sure?” Maxi held himself over you, moving your hair so he could better access the soft column of your neck. He kissed a line up it to your jaw, before leaning down to lick lightly up the shell of your ear with the tip of his tongue. “You’re normally so vocal with me, sweetheart… did I just break you a little bit?”
  You felt heat rise to your cheeks as you nodded, just barely, your brain a happy fuzz of static in the wake of your beloved’s enthusiastic tongue-fucking.
  Maxi laughed softly, cooing slightly as he kissed the end of your nose. “Poor pretty baby, they’re overwhelmed.” He rested his chest against yours, careful not to crush you but still eliminating any space between the pair of you. “We can stop if you want, okay? You just tell me what you need,” he whispered, kissing the skin just beneath your ear. But as his hips rested against yours, you could still feel his achingly hard cock pressing into your thigh, throbbing just slightly against the bite mark he’d left there when you were on top of him.
  “No,” you shook your head weakly, reaching down to run your hand along his shaft through his boxers. “I want to take care of you, Maxi.”
  “Baby, you already did,” he said, his voice a bit more fervent now. He hugged your torso tightly, kissing your forehead, then the corner of your mouth. “You already did more for me than you know tonight, I promise you.”
  “But I still want you,” you murmured, pushing your hips against his with the slightest arch of your back. “I still want you in me. I wanna be just yours - please?”
  Maxi hissed softly, a sharp inhale through his teeth, and you felt his cock flex hard against the heat of your thigh. “Damn you,” he muttered, lovingly kissing your temple before giving you another darkly hungry look. “You know exactly how to get me, baby, don’t you?”
  “‘Cause you’re mine,” you said softly, looking at him with a soft, teasing smile of your own. “Right?”
  Maxi’s eyes flashed at this, and for an instant, you could swear his eyes looked just a touch more black than normal - like his pupils had expanded almost to a point you didn’t think possible. “Yes.” He nodded, his hair falling into his face from sweat and your hands pulling it out of place. “Yes, baby, I’m yours. I’m always gonna be yours.” He leaned down, kissing you with a sweetness that would have taken your breath away if you weren’t already still catching it. He made a small noise of surprise when you sucked hard on his lower lip, renewing your threat to bruise it from earlier.
  “Then show me,” you whispered, leaning back to look at him and feeling your eyes ablaze despite how wrecked you already felt. “Make me yours just as much as you’re mine, okay? Please?”
  “You know I can’t say no to you,” Maxi whispered, his voice newly rough again in his throat. He about clawed his boxers off, the heat of his skin threatening to overwhelm you again as he briefly pressed his hips against yours again, as if desperate to feel your skin completely. With his hands on your hips, he pulled you slightly down the mattress, and you felt his swollen head at your entrance. “Do you want me to go slow?” He searched your face, as if concerned for a moment. 
  You shook your head, feeling your own eyes turn dark. “Don’t you dare.”
  Maxi’s breath caught again in his throat, and when he pushed into you all at once, you both cried out from the heat of it inside you. You just had a second to adjust before he pulled out enough to slam into you, and you arched against him again, relishing the feeling of being full at last. You felt him just slightly pressing into your lower abdomen, and sure enough, when you glanced down, there was the smallest telltale bulge in your stomach.
  Maxi’s gazed followed yours, wondering if there was something to be concerned about.. and when he saw what you were looking at, he let out what sounded very nearly like a gasp. “Goddamn.” He moved in you, watching your stomach shift slightly as well, and with a moan that sounded borderline anguished, he picked up his pace, seeming mesmerized as he moved through your walls.
  You were clinging to your bedsheets, the feeling of it at once both a burn from the overstimulation and a welcome ache. When those weren’t enough, you switched to his biceps, your nails leaving little crescent moons in his pale skin.
  Maxi decided this wasn’t enough for him either, and with a kiss, he pushed his chest flush to yours again, eliminating any space between the pair of you. One of his hands took your wrist, flattening it to the mattress forcefully before he intertwined his fingers with yours as he continued fucking hard into you. Your other hand moved from his bicep to his back, clawing for purchase there as you felt yourself clenching hard around him. 
  “Fuckin’ Christ, baby, how’re you holdin’ me so tight?” He half-whispered, half-whined, sounding desperate again as you felt him flexing inside your walls. The sound of his skin against yours overrode the rain still pounding outside, the slap of it bringing heat to your face in how obscene it sounded now. “You’re takin’ me so well, too, it’s like you were—“ he groaned briefly, burying his face in the crook of your neck as he snapped his hips hard against yours. “…Made for me.” It was his turn to sound just a little bit dazed now, and you arched against him, knowing he was close.
  “Made or not,” you hissed, your free hand clutching the back of his neck and causing him to groan in surprise. “I’m yours, right?”
  “Ahuh,” Maxi moaned in the affirmative, and you felt him nod where his face was hidden as his hips started to move more erratically. “
  “And you’re mine?” You squeezed where you were holding just slightly, and Maxi’s hand gripped your other one with renewed fervor.
  “A-always,” he panted, turning to press a sloppy kiss to your neck. “Always, I swear, I promise—”
  You clenched around him, and you hooked your right leg behind him to pull him further into you. 
  “Then come with me, okay?” You begged, pressing frantic kisses to the corner of his mouth and up his jaw. “Show me who I belong to, Daddy.”
  Maxi bit hard into your shoulder, and you cried out, coming undone a third time as you felt him at last fill you with the molten heat of his own release. He kept his teeth in your skin as he continued to shudder through his orgasm, spilling inside you for what felt like ages as your walls kept him there for every drop. You were panting his name like a prayer, feverish as your nails scraped hard down the back of his neck to his shoulders. Your hands remained intertwined, his knuckles bone white through his skin as he held you the entire time.
  At last, he let go of your shoulder, panting as he collapsed onto your chest. Your arms moved to hug his shoulders in turn, desperately trying to catch your own breath again as you waited to come back down to earth. If it weren’t for the solidity of Maxi in your arms, reassuring in his heat and weight, you’d feel like you were at risk of dissolving into the air around you, or simply floating away. When he at last reluctantly pulled out of you, you both moaned at the loss, but remained there nonetheless still holding one another.
  After a moment, Maxi took a deep, shuddering breath, sitting up just slightly with his hair falling limply into his eyes. “Are you okay?” You felt his fingers carefully probing where he bit you, checking for breaks in the skin. “Did I hurt you, baby?”
  “No, Maxi,” you shook your head, still stubbornly holding onto him. You waited for him to look at you, checking your eyes despite him looking slightly out of it himself, and winked. “I told you, you wouldn’t unless I asked you to.”
  He smiled weakly, kissing what would surely be a blooming bruise in your shoulder nonetheless. “I know,” he murmured, his lips brushing your skin. “I just wanna check… sometimes I worry I lose my head a little when I’m with you.”
  “I don’t know if you couldn’t tell,” you joked, kissing his temple where he lay next to you. “But I was having a fantastic time.”
  Maxi laughed, the sound low and soft in a way that overwhelmed you with affection. “I mean, I had a feelin’.” He moved so he his head was next to yours on the other pillow again, smiling at you. “It’s not often I make you speechless, pretty.”
  “Well, you’re the only one who can,” you confided, moving so you were laying parallel to him. “But don’t let that go to your head or anything.” 
  Maxi grinned, and it was more sweet than teasing. “No, never. Of course not.”
  You rolled your eyes slightly, but kissed the tip of his nose nonetheless. “That’s the humble sweetheart I love.”
  When you pulled back, his eyes were somewhat wider, surprising you with their sincerity. “Say it again,” he whispered, his voice just a touch raw. “Please?”
  You blinked, confused for a moment. “…That I love you?”
  Maxi nodded, his smile so soft and sad for a moment that you felt an ache in your chest. “Yeah.”
  “Maxi, I love you,” you leaned forward, kissing his forehead, and with each whispered repetition you planted a kiss somewhere on his face. “I love you, I love you… I love you.” With this last one, you kissed him chastely, and you could feel him still smiling through it as he kissed you back.
  His arm found your waist, pulling you so you were flush against his skin again, and you happily nuzzled into his chest. He rested his chin on top of your head, and for a while - minutes or an hour, you didn’t bother to check - the two of you lay there in a happy haze of just the rain outside and each other’s slowing breathing, forgetting the rest of the world existed for just a little bit.
  You must have closed your eyes for a moment in your cocoon of darkness, because when a flicker of colored light appeared outside your eyelids, you opened them again to see your string lights had come back to life. You heard the deep hum of your air conditioning kicking on, and Maxi stirred next to you, blinking up at this new intrusion into your candlelit world.
  “Oh hey,” he murmured, his voice slightly heavy from where he must have been dozing next to you. “Power’s back.” He looked to you, sighing contentedly. “I’m gonna go get somethin’ to clean you up - you want anythin’ else?”
  “Nah,” you said, touching the end of your nose to his before kissing him a last time. “Thank you though.”
  “Mmhm.” Maxi smiled, reluctantly sitting up from the mattress and stretching just slightly before he put his glasses back on. As he left the room, he tilted his neck hard to the right, popping it just enough for you to hear.
  You sat up, rubbing your hands over your face as you felt the world come settling back in around you. Okay. So the love of your life was a serial killer. You had definitely just fucked a serial killer and really, really enjoyed yourself while doing so.
  …But if it was just assholes, and he wasn’t killing innocent people anymore, it was like… ethical serial killing, right? If he needed to keep a demon fed, what was one more rude motherfucker who couldn’t get their kid’s name right at their own funeral? Or a creep who couldn’t keep their hands to themselves in public?
  You found where your phone had slid from your bed in the midst of your passion, picking it up off the floor and plugging it back into its charger. As it blinked slowly to life, a new notification surfaced from the group text.
  LL <[They’re saying there’s CC TV footage of her leaving my place, but nothing after that. It’s like she just straight up vanished.]
  You froze, your blood once again abruptly running cold. “Maxi?”
  Maxi was back in the room like a shot, wet washcloth still in his hand. “What’s wrong, angel?” You saw him scan the corners of your room and the window, looking for a threat.
  “Okay, new rule,” you said, and his eyes snapped back to you, noting your deathly serious expression. “If you’re going to have to keep feeding people to the demon, you have to be completely honest with me about it. Even if you don’t want to be, or think it’ll upset me.”
  Maxi shook his head. “Baby, I don’t know—“
  “Maxi,” you said, your tone sharp but still pleading. “Promise me.”
  Maxi hesitated, his fingers moving briefly against the washcloth in his hand before at last, he nodded. “Fine. Okay. I promise.”
  “You said you watched me and my friends go out to the club that night, right?”
  Maxi shifted, looking slightly ashamed. “Yeah. I’m sorry, I—“
  “No, I’m not mad,” you shook your head. 
  Maxi blinked, walking slowly around to the side of the bed you were sitting on. “You’re not?”
  “No.” You locked eyes with him as he knelt in front of you, and as he carefully cleaned you up, as was your ritual, you cupped his face in your hand for a moment. “It was sweet, even if it was a little weird.”
  “More than ‘a little.’ You’re bein’ generous,” Maxi mumbled, still looking a bit sheepish as he then cleaned himself up.
  “But that’s not the problem right now,” you explained. “It’s… here, hold on. I can’t do this… like this.” You tossed your phone on the mattress, and the pair of you got dressed quickly - you passing Maxi his hoodie while he pulled his boxers back on, him tossing you your tank top where you’d thrown it as you recovered your shorts. He then perched next to you on your side of the bed, watching curiously as you flipped through your phone’s album. Most of your recents were the two of you together, being ridiculous (and the exception of one very hot selfie where he had you sitting naked in his lap, your back to the camera as he held a knife to your shoulderblade). You pulled up a photo from the last girls night out, turning it to show it to him. “Did you see what happened to her?”
  He frowned at Sky’s face where you pointed to it, carefully taking it in. “What d’you mean, ‘what happened’, baby?” He looked back to you. “What’d she say?”
  “She didn’t get to say anything,” you explained. “She’s been missing since the next day. She’s the one who got drunk and crashed at my friend Laurie’s house because she got sick, remember?”
  Maxi nodded immediately. “I watched y’all takin’ care of her.”
  You nodded, looking at your phone - then paused, glancing up at him with renewed confusion. “…Why do I remember a guy who looked like you at the bar?”
  Maxi turned a shade of pink, looking slightly ashamed of himself again. “Because I was at the bar,” he muttered, looking away for a moment. “You were tipsy, and I walked you over from the bathroom. You wanted to get water for your friend.”
  “See, Maxi, you’d never actually hurt me,” you said, gently nudging his knee with your own. “You’re helpful even when you’re kind-of-technically stalking me. It’s just who you are.” You frowned, squinting slightly into the middle distance as you tried to remember. “…Were you wearing contacts? Is that why I didn’t realize it was you?”
  “Well, yeah,” Maxi shrugged, his fingers drumming on his knee agitatedly. “But it was dark, too, and you weren’t… you weren’t expectin’ me to be there, baby.” He grimaced. “So it’s not like you were lookin’ for me, per se.”
  You blinked. “Wait, how often do you wear—?”
  “I don’t really like to,” Maxi admitted. “I have a thing about touchin’ my eyes.”
  You shook your head, perplexed. “You can shove a thing into a guy’s brain but you can’t touch your eyes?”
  “Look, you’re afraid of wasps, we all have somethin’,” Maxi waved a hand dismissively, looking sheepish. “Mine is just my eyes, always has been.”
  “…Right, anyway,” you looked back to your phone, then back to him. “So did you see her split off from the group at any point? Anyone walk up to her?”
  Maxi shook his head. “No… I mean, I was mostly watchin’ you, but I didn’t see anyone—“ Maxi stopped dead, his eyes widening abruptly as something occurred to him. “…Oh, fuck.”
  “What?” You tilted your head to try to get him to look at you, but he was still determined not to meet your eyes. “Maxi, what is it?”
  Maxi took a long breath. “…Baby,” he said slowly. “I’m really sorry, but… but I think your friend is dead.”
  You felt the breath leave your lungs like it’d been punched out of you. “…Please tell me it wasn’t you,” you whispered, your blood suddenly turning cold again on a dime.
  “No,” Maxi shook his head fiercely, looking back at you. “No, I swear. I never would’ve gone after her. I was tryin’ to protect you, I would never ever hurt someone important to you, Darlin’, I swear. I’ll swear on the whole bloodline right now if you want me to, for what it’s worth,” he said, quickly dropping to his knees in front of you. “She’s not… she’s not the kind of person I’d pick,” he said, phrasing it delicately. “She wasn’t hurtin’ anybody, she was just havin’ fun with y’all.”
  “Then why do you think she’s dead?” You said, blinking back the tears that once again flooded your eyes.
  Maxi ran a hand under his glasses and over his face, then back into his hair, looking fraught for a moment as he clearly struggled for words. “…A few days ago,” he explained softly. “I got a voice mail at some odd hour of the mornin’ from my cousin. Hector.”
  “The bad news one,” you murmured, feeling your heart sink.
  Maxi nodded slowly. “He told me… he told me he was comin’ here. To settle… family stuff,” he waved a hand. “He wants to be the one from our generation to earn the title. He knew I hadn’t finished my thirteen deaths, so he still has a shot.” He bit his lip, fingers pounding against his thigh nervously like the rain outside had lashed your window. “…He told me he was at the bar that night,” he looked back to you, fairly miserable. “Because he wanted to figure out who I was followin’.”
  “…Okay,” you said slowly, piecing this together. “So he’s… he’s the one who took Sky?”
  Maxi nodded. “On the voicemail… I heard…” He trailed off, staring into space with haunted eyes for a moment before looking back at you. “I’m sorry,” he said softly, pleading. “But she’s gone.”
  “…Fuck,” you breathed, feeling your throat swell shut with a new lump. You swallowed, looking away from him for a moment as you tried to absorb the hurt that overwhelmed you. Sky must have been terrified if Hector was half as bad as Maxi told you, her last moments spent alone in some endless dark with a sadist.
  “This is what I meant” Maxi said, his voice hollow with fear again. One of his hands hovered above your knee, as if afraid to touch you. “Baby, I’m so sorry, but it’s… it’s dangerous for you with me—“
  “We’re not rehashing this,” you said softly, shaking your head. You looked back at him, your eyes teary but your face determined. “I love you. I’m not going anywhere. You’re it for me, whatever that entails.” You took his hovering hand in yours, squeezing it firmly. “Tomorrow, though,” you said, your eyes locked on his. “You’re going to take me back to your place, and you’re going to introduce me to Hector. And your sister.”
  Maxi blinked at you, this clearly not what he was expecting. “I… I’ll do whatever you want, darlin’, you know that,” he said, his eyes searching yours. “…But why would you want to meet them, after he… did that to your friend?”
  “Because if they’re going to be staying in our town,” you said softly, squeezing Maxi’s hand. “We’re going to set down some fucking ground rules.” You searched his eyes in return. “Will you do that with me?”
  Maxi gazed at you, admiration and pride tugging the corner of his mouth into a smile. “‘Great minds’ indeed, beautiful.”
  You felt a flicker of a smile return to your own face, and it stayed as he leaned up, kissing you deeply.
  If the two of you were going to be damned, there was no reason you couldn’t stay in the dark together and make it your own.

  
    Chapter Text
    
  
  
    “Y’know, we can leave if you get uncomfortable.”
    “I know.”
    “I mean it. The minute it gets too much, you tell me, we’ll get outta here.”
    “I know, babe.”
    You and Maxi were standing on his front porch, the two of you shoulder to shoulder outside his front door, Maxi back in his suit from yesterday, now slightly wrinkled but at least free of blood, you in jeans and a cardigan. Maybe not as nice as you would’ve gone for meeting his folks, but fairly mobile in case the two of you had to make a run for it. No exposed skin, either, which meant forgoing your usual favorite crop tops - he had been oddly insistent about that part, but considering Maxi usually never objected to any of your clothes, you were willing to bet it was for a practical reason.
    The October sunlight was golden in spite of the surprisingly cool day for this far down South, but you were feeling a chill for an entirely different reason as you tried your best not to let your apprehension show in front of your boyfriend. You’d asked for this. You’d told him to bring you here… to introduce you to the rest f the family. The last thing you needed to do now was chicken out, despite the twisting feeling in your gut, the nagging voice at the back of your skull that whispered the House - normally a place where the two of you were quite content to spend time alone together - just didn’t feel right, now. 
    On some primal level, in the deepest recesses of your bones, you knew something else was here.
    And it wasn’t fucking around.
    But you were doing your best to keep your poker face intact, sizing up the door and pretending this was no big deal. You’d met partners’ families before. Necromantic serial killers or not, there had to be at least some commonalities here, right? ‘Hi, I’m so glad to finally meet you, I’ve heard so much about you, also, how’s it feel being back from the dead after two decades? Smartphones - crazy, right?’
    …Or something like that.
    Glancing to your right, Maxi was staring at the door himself, not even bothering to keep a poker face in place. He was openly apprehensive, the fingers of his left hand absently drumming a pattern against his leg like he had to fight to stay still. You could practically see him running through a litany of Worst Case Scenarios in his head, his frown growing steadily more pronounced the longer the two of you stood there. It wasn’t hard to see him doing the math about just what a bad idea this could actually be, introducing his very mortal significant other to his maybe-less-than-mortal relatives. You swear you saw the heel of his dress shoe starting to inch backwards, as if his second thoughts and common sense were starting to win out.
    “Hey, Maxi?” His eyes snapped to yours, and you reached down, gently taking his hand in yours. “We can leave when you want, too, you know.” You gave him your best ‘I am definitely being a brave adult’ smile, and after a moment, he returned it with something that was still a little closer to a grimace than yours. But it was something. 
    He squeezed your hand, and you were grateful for the reassuring strength there. “I know.” He hesitated another moment before bringing your knuckles to his lips, pressing a kiss there. “Thanks, darlin’.”
    You both turned back to the door, and when you felt his shoulders relax next to you, you let yourself exhale softly, trying to force yourself to be cool. It was fine. This was fine. Unless otherwise stated, this was just a casual visit to a place you’d been a million times since the two of you had started dating.
    “Stay close to me,” Maxi said softly, glancing at you again. “And whatever happens, don’t leave my sight, okay?”
    “Twist my arm, much?” You were trying to joke, but it still felt like flat soda in your mouth. After another last moment of staring at the door - no backing out now - Maxi gave your hand a last small squeeze, before anxiously straightening his suit jacket and opening it for you. “C’mon.”
    You took his outstretched free hand, and tried not to think too hard about Persephone as he led you inside.
    -
    “Alright, you two. Come on out.”
    Maxi’s voice echoed through the empty parlor, eerily undisturbed somehow since you’d seen it last. You were expecting… worse, from his description. But there was no real sign of disorder here,  yet. For a brief moment, your heart lifted in your chest, wondering if by some impossible miracle both his cousin and his sister had just decided to leave. Maybe they’d gotten bored. Maybe they’d decided their plans were best executed elsewhere.
    But as you drifted behind Maxi into the door of the living room, where the two of you usually lingered together, you realized there was no such luck.
    A duffel bag was visible peeking out from under the high-legged settee on the right side of the room, the one both of you avoided because it was not only antique but deeply uncomfortable. On a couch you didn’t recognize - one that filled the space of the one you and Maxi had, er, ruined - you saw a bed pillow and a rumpled quilt, with a phone charger plugged into the nearest outlet. 
    “Fuckin’ goddamn it.” You turned, looking at Maxi to see what had alarmed him so, only to see him frowning sourly at the couch. “They’ve been in the attic.”
    “What’s in the attic?” You looked from him to the couch - it certainly looked older, probably part of a set they didn’t bother to bring the rest of down. Not that you could blame them, considering the attic was above the third floor. It was probably a miracle they got this one down the stairs.
    “There’s no tellin’, to be honest.” Maxi sighed. “We were never allowed up there when I was younger, but that didn’t stop those two. I never joined them,” he paused, abruptly shrugging a shoulder like he was trying to shake off a chill. “…Somethin’ up there and I didn’t care for each other, shall we say.”
    You paused, not entirely sure what he was saying but nodding nonetheless. Must be a ghost thing. The two of you quietly surveyed the room, you lingering just behind him in the actual doorframe, looking over your shoulder into the abandoned foyer and up the empty stairwell at every small sound. You could hear nothing from the nearby kitchen - no sink running, no stove on, no chatter - and for a moment, you wondered if at least you were the only two in the house.
    “…Oh, come on,” Maxi growled, and when you looked around, you saw him moving towards the now hellaciously messy coffee table, impatiently sweeping up some coffee cups left there without coasters. “It’s not hard, I know I left them out,” he muttered. He paused, glancing at you mid-step towards the kitchen doorway on the other side of the room. “…Wait here a sec, okay?”
    You couldn’t help a smile - Maxi was still Maxi, ominous visitors or not. You knew how important keeping up the House was to him; at first, you’d only assumed it was because he also used it as a place to host wakes and viewings, but now that you knew the full extent of his sight, you wondered if it wasn’t also at the behest of some spectral relatives, still taking pride in the place long after their death. “Sure. I’ll be fine.” You gestured to the empty room. “I can handle this, I think.”
    Maxi smiled a little, finally, before hurriedly stepping into the kitchen. You turned back to the empty room as you heard the sink running, assuming since he wasn’t interrupted in his task it was also unoccupied. Curious, but still cautious, you let yourself take a couple of steps further into the room, examining the makeshift bed on the couch. Poking out from under the pillow, you swore as you moved you saw something glitter. When you leaned forward as much as you dared, you saw a carved point of deep purple stone, gleaming darkly against the neutral colors of the quilt. Amethyst? You frowned - couldn’t be a comfortable place for a crystal, but with Maxi’s family you weren’t about question it.
    For just a moment, you had to look over your shoulder, a sudden cold on the back of your neck making the hair there stand up. Turning as quickly as you could, you found… nothing. Not even a stir of the curtains at the windows to indicate a draft. You couldn’t shake the chill on your neck, though… or the feeling of being watched, despite seeing no eyes to confirm this.
    You left the bed well enough alone after that, moving to look over the debris covering the coffee table: strewn open journals that looked like they had seen better days, some of them with pages that looked like they’d been wet, some with stains darker and more troubling still - many of them with the same slanted, nearly illegible writing. Nearby, a newer model of polaroid camera sat amidst a pile of what must have been recent photographs. They all appeared to be places in the house - some of them empty, some of them with blurry shapes you couldn’t make out at first sight. The longer you stared, though, the more you could swear you see faces in some, but they looked… wrong. Not quite in the right arrangement of features, sometimes transparent, sometimes a color no human skin should look—
    Your head shot up as you heard something rattling in the formal sitting room, where Maxi often hosted clients. A noise like scrabbling. Something hard over polished wood.
    You stood there for a long moment, weighing your options. Your knife was in your pocket, obviously - but based on what Maxi had told you, you weren’t sure it would be much in your hands against his relatives. “…Babe?” You tried hard to keep your voice even.
    Maxi appeared immediately again in the kitchen doorway, his jacket now gone, leaving only his waistcoat and his sleeves rolled up. “What is it?”
    Without looking at him, you nodded towards the door to the parlor, which the two of you had only just walked through and seen nothing there. You swallowed, wondering if you had walked right past one of them and not even noticed. But that would be impossible… right?
    You remembered the feeling of eyes on your back just a moment ago, and subconsciously, you crossed your arms over your chest. “There’s something in there,” you said, just loud enough for him to hear.
    Maxi reached into the scarlet lining of his black waistcoat, causing you to blink when he pulled out a stainless steel scalpel from some unseen pocket. Had he had that the whole time? Did he always have one of those somewhere? He twirled it absently in his left hand, and with a sudden drop in your stomach, you realized the gesture was almost exactly the same as when you caught him drumming his fingers on something. “Stay here,” he said softly, eyes on the door.
    You shook your head, and he looked to you with a furrowed brow. “I… I felt something,” you whispered, feeling your cheeks heat as you said it and fully expecting him to say you were overreacting. “Like I was being watched.”
    To your surprise, Maxi’s eyes widened, and he scanned the room with a wariness that would’ve scared you more if you weren’t so relieved that he believed you. “…C’mon then,” he said, reaching  for you with his right hand as he looked back to the door. “Just stay behind me and keep your knife drawn.”
    You walked over to him, taking his hand immediately with your own and shoving your other one into your pocket where your knife waited. You brought it out and flipped it open, keeping the blade pointed carefully down and your grip firm on the handle as Maxi kept you immediately behind his back, moving back into the foyer with careful steps.
    You watched Maxi check the corners of the room  - and, concerningly, the ceiling for a moment - before he led you into it, his grip on your hand never wavering as you crept behind him. You felt like your heart was in your mouth as you crossed the ancient floor, trying to only step where he just had so you didn’t alert the other occupant of the House with a creaking floorboard. When he gave a second look to an old armchair in the corner, one you regularly overlooked, you followed his gaze - and, for a moment, could swear you saw the fading outline of something vaguely human-looking there. Like a shadow without a body.
    You immediately looked away, swallowing hard and hoping Maxi’s relatives didn’t have any powers that would let them hear how you thought your heart was going to beat through your sternum. It was everything you could do now to keep it from shaking the hand that held your knife, and it had already taken over your hearing, leaving you listening uselessly to the speedy thrum of your own pulse.
    When the two of you made it to the foyer proper, you looked around the corner fully expecting to see someone sitting on the antique loveseat - and, instead, finding nothing. Maxi lowered his scalpel after an uncertain moment, frowning at the empty room.
    “I swear I heard something,” you said, your cheeks heating again as you came around to his side. You looked to him, feeling your eyes widen. “There was something moving in here a second ago.”
    “I believe you,” Maxi murmured, his eyes searching the impressive bookcases that lined the walls, as if one of the many various volumes (some of them really quite old looking, even standing this far away) would reveal itself to have the answer.
    You followed his gaze, and, remembering his earlier gesture, quickly looked to the shadowy tops of them… and froze.
    “…Maxi,” you kept your eyes locked on the thing, and saw his head snap to look at you out of your peripheral vision. “Did you see that earlier?”
    He followed your gaze to what appeared to be a taxidermy cat skeleton, bones completely free of flesh, posed like it was crouching and looking down on the sitting room itself. It had no eyes to indicate this, not even glass replacements, but something about the way the skull was pointed directly downwards seemed very purposeful.
    “Very mature, Aurore,” Maxi growled, and for reasons you didn’t understand, he sounded oddly upset about this display. When you glanced to him, concerned, he sighed, his shoulders sagging as if deflated. “It’s fine. She’s just fuckin’ with me.” He sucked on the inside of his cheek for a moment, looking back to the leering skull. “That used to be my cat, when I was a kid.”
    You looked back to the skeleton, suddenly horrified. “Oh, babe, that’s… that’s awful.” You swallowed again, this time trying to dispel the nausea of having a sibling that would think this kind of thing was funny. “…I’m assuming it didn’t die of natural causes?” you asked weakly, your nausea only building.
    “That’s what I always suspected, but I could never prove it. Not really. That’s my sister for you, though,” Maxi muttered. “She always had a wicked sense of humor. Was never much for—“
    That was when the skeleton jumped to the floor.
    You couldn’t restrain a small shriek of surprise, and Maxi hissed through his teeth in surprise, quickly shoving you behind him while he followed the thing with the scalpel point. “RORA!” he roared in the direction of the stairs. “GET DOWN HERE!”
    The skeleton, again despite its eyelessness, seemed to focus on the pair of you with great intensity, crouching again in front of you just like a living cat despite its lack of musculature to hold the bones in place. You watched its tail swish back and forth, the little vertebrae clicking as they did so with no tissue between them, and after a moment, it rose straight into the air as it stood up, the tip of it leaning slightly to the right.
    “…Oh,” you murmured, tilting your head to mimic it without entirely realizing.
    “What?” Maxi looked over his shoulder at you, as if worried some other skeletal creature had popped up behind you.
    “Hold on a sec, babe,” you said softly, placing a hand on Maxi’s upper arm. You stepped to his side, crouching down slightly and holding out your hand in a loosely curled fist.
    “Baby, wait, no,” Maxi hissed, leaning down next to you as if to pull you back when the cat came closer. “We don’t know what she’s made this for—“
    But you put your free hand back on his arm to still him. “Just wait, Maxi,” you soothed. If the thing bit you, you would get what you deserved. But having loved a series of cats throughout your life, despite the lack of skin and fur, there was nothing about this particular little bag of bones that looked like it was poised to strike.
    Maxi stayed exactly where he was, one arm still braced protectively around your neck and shoulders while his left hand gripped his scalpel. The two of you watched the skeleton crawl closer, its little feet clicking on the hardwood floor, and it nosed your fist with the space where its nose would have been in life. After a few minutes of this, with no passage of air that would’ve indicated sniffing, the skull turned — and rubbed its cheekbone along your fingers, its back arching like it was enjoying itself.
    You watched a small green light spark and begin to glow in its chest cavity, behind its ribs and sternum, and from its throat, you heard a distinct rattling noise. After a moment, you realized it was one of the neck vertebrae vibrating very quickly.
    “…Magnolia?” You looked over your shoulder as Maxi spoke. His voice was soft, with a note of hope that went straight to your chest, and eventually he reluctantly let go of you. You watched him move around to your side, crouching next to you and looking at the cat with wide, curious eyes. The skeleton walked over to him with hurried little steps, and as he kneeled on the floor with a hand outstretched, it crawled into his lap, rubbing its skull on his chest. “Maggie,” Maxi breathed, and you saw a small smile bloom on his face as he held out his palm for the cat to arch its spine against. “Hi, baby girl.”
    “She was supposed to be an apology present.”
    The two of you looked around, you immediately standing to hover protectively over Maxi and his cat-skeleton as you heard light footsteps descending the stairs. As the woman in the long black dress came into view, you felt your breath catch for a reason you didn’t quite expect. The resemblance between her and Maxi was still very much present - you could recognize the shape of his eyes, though Rora’s were a brilliant green where Maxi’s were a warm dark brown, and the particular slant of the nose. Her hair was darker, long and black and lustrous, and when she stopped on the stairs to give you a very blatant once-over, you did your best not to bite your lip. 
    Fuck. She was pretty. You had suspected this, of course - she was Maxi’s sister, after all - but where Maxi’s gaze was usually open and soft, Rora’s was sharp, calculating. She regarded you with a cool curiosity, and for a moment, you felt like a prey animal having caught sight of a hawk just before it swooped down on them. “So. You’re here.” The barest hint of a smile graced her features, still pretty even in its slight condescension. “He must have really told you the truth after all.” She descended the stairs, walking over to the pair of you with a languorous gait as her heels clicked on the floor. “What I’m dying to know is how much he told you.” Her eyes cut to Maxi, who rose next to you, Magnolia now having crawled onto his shoulder and perched there. “Aren’t you going to introduce me properly to your… friend, here?”
    “Darlin’, this is Aurore,” Maxi said, his tone carefully neutral. “My… twin sister. Or at least,” he added, with the tiniest bit of skepticism. “She was.”
    “Technically I still am,” she said, shrugging in a fluid motion. Her dress was sleeveless, revealing sharp collarbones to match her cheekbones and delicate shoulders. “The blood’s different, but the essence is the same. And we all know that’s what really counts, in our case.” She glanced to Magnolia, arching a dark eyebrow. “You’re welcome, by the way.”
    “What was the apology?” Maxi asked flatly, one hand lifting again so Maggie could bump her skull again it affectionately. “‘Sorry I stole a body off the table and brought myself back when we were specifically told not to, ever?’”
    “Is he this much of a killjoy with you?” Rora asked, glancing at you with a slight eyeroll. “I’m sorry, hon, you got the nerd of the family. It wasn’t even like anyone was usin’ it,” she said without waiting for an answer, looking back to Maxi. “She was a Jane Doe, literally no one was lookin’ for her.”
    “That we know of,” Maxi argued.
    “Well, even if they were,” Rora waved a hand dismissively. “Her face is rottin’ on the basement floor now, so I wish them luck with that.”
    “Do you have to?” Maxi said, annoyed.
    “Do I have to what?”
    “Try to be all spooky about it in front of… guests.” Maxi glanced at you quickly before looking back to Rora. “It seems like you’re tryin’ too hard.”
    “Oh, who, your little Obsession? I mean,” Rora rolled her eyes again. “If you have your scalpel out in front of them, I imagine they know what we are. If they weren’t too spooked to come here, I can be honest, no?” She tilted her head slightly, smiling at you with a slight mocking sweetness. “Or did he just give you the edited version, beautiful?” She gave you a wink, and you felt your cheeks warm. “I can see why he wouldn’t want to scare you off, anyway.”
    “Cut it out, Rora,” Maxi growled, and you blinked, looking at him in mild surprise. You’d never known him to really be… jealous, in front of you. Or at least, not openly.
    “Sorry, honey, he gets twitchy,” Rora giggled, looking Maxi over. “Wouldn’t be the first time he had a little friend of his tempted out from under his nose.”
    “Max has a friend over?”
    You all turned to see another, slightly taller man with deeply tan skin emerge from the kitchen, and you realized he must have come up from the basement stairs to have not passed by any of you.  In one of his hands, you recognized the polaroid camera from the living room table, and you marveled at how quiet he must have been to get it with all of you just in the next room. He was in worn jeans and a white t-shirt that, as he walked into the light of the foyer, was marked by a dried spray pattern of… something dark. He had dark circles beneath his even darker eyes, and you wondered if he’d slept at all the night before. His hair was longer, with a dark beard and mustache that were disheveled in a way that wasn’t unattractive, and when he smiled at you, it reminded you of something… vulpine. “Oh, there’s the one from the bar.” His eyes went to Maxi. “So did you actually tell them the truth, or did you chicken out?”
    “You must be Hector,” you said quietly, and everyone’s gaze snapped to you. It was the first time you’d spoken in a minute.
    Hector looked surprised, then grinned, something sharp about it like Rora’s smile. “Oh, so you must have told them, then.” He gave you the slightest bow of his head, setting his camera on an empty shelf behind him. “The one and only, bonita.”
    You crossed the room to him, and Hector’s eyes widened in further, now delighted surprise, before looking to Maxi with a smug little chin tilt. You extended your left hand to him, as though to shake, and he took your hand gently in his, kissing the knuckles for a moment too long while never breaking eye contact with you. “And what can I do for you, gorgeous—“
    With your right hand, you slapped him as hard across the face as you could possibly manage, so loud it echoed through the ancient wood paneling of the room. “That was for Sky, you asshole.”
    Hector hissed, recoiling slightly and bringing a hand to his slapped cheek, and in a moment there was a flurry of activity over your shoulder - you were aware of rushing footsteps, and the sound of skittering bones across the floor. Maxi was behind you suddenly, quickly dragging you back against his chest and holding you there with an arm (though whether to protect you or hold you back, you weren’t entirely sure), and Rora ran to Hector’s side, checking his face with a concerned fluttering of her hand. “Will you keep your bitch on a leash?” Rora snarled, looking from you to Maxi with a furious expression. “Hexie, I’m sorry, baby, look at me—”
    “You call them that again and I’ll ruin your new windpipe, Rora,” Maxi snarled, his scalpel extended warningly in front of the pair of you. “…Sugar, what the hell?” he whispered in your ear a moment later, his threatening demeanor giving way for a moment to genuine surprise. “You coulda told me you were gonna—“
    “I don’t know where the hell you get the nerve, comin’ into our house like this,” Rora glared at you, and if looks could kill, you would’ve dropped dead right there on the carpet.
    “Hector killed their friend, Rora, he hunted them down on purpose because he knew it would piss me off.” Maxi argued. “She probably wasn’t even on his Chain—“
    “Actually,” Hector said, holding up a finger with a mocking smile, despite his still stinging cheek. “She was my eighth, so kiss my ass.”
    “You come for any of my friends again, I’ll do worse,” you said from Maxi’s arms. 
    All three of them stopped dead to look at you — Hector and Rora from where they were standing across from you, Rora’s hand still on Hector’s face, and Maxi looking concernedly down at you from where he held you tightly. There was a few seconds of silence as you glared the other two down. “I know I’m mortal,” you said quietly. “And I know I’m new at this, but I mean it. You come for any of my friends - or anyone innocent, period - and I’ll do everything I can to fuck you up one way or the other.”
    Rora’s eyes narrowed. “You little idiot,” she hissed. “You have no idea what you’re—“
    But she was cut off, as to your surprise, Hector burst out laughing. He used his other hand to hide his face as he full-on belly laughed, at one point having to double over because he was falling into hysterics. Rora and Maxi both stared, looking from Hector to each other with mild confusion. “Ow, shit,” he said at last, panting to catch his breath as he rubbed his slapped cheek fiercely. “You can’t hit me and then bust my gut like that, that’s not fair.” He giggled as he stood up straight, looking at you with a near-manic smile. “I like this one, Max,” he said, not actually looking at Maxi. “They’re cute. They’ve got some spine to them.” His tongue darted out over his lips briefly. “Must be fun.”
    “Fuck off,” Maxi said flatly, and you felt his arm around your shoulders tighten. “And they’re not kiddin’ - y’all mess with them, or their friends, or anyone you shouldn’t be messin’ with, period - and I’ll take a turn after she’s had a whack at you.” He popped his neck, and you watched as he twirled his scalpel again over his fingers, easy as breathing. “I’ll finish the job, too.”
    Hector and Rora both rolled their eyes at this, glancing at each other with the shared expressions of annoyed siblings. “…Fine,” Hector said nonetheless, glaring at Maxi and holding up the hand that wasn’t covering his face. “Fine. I’ll avoid her little pack.” 
    “You’ll keep it on the level, Hector, as long as you’re stayin’ here.” Maxi snarled. “Bad blood only while you’re in the Parish lines. And don’t tell me you can’t tell the difference, I know you can, with those ‘special eyes’ of yours,” he said this last bit with the tiniest bit of mockery - something unfamiliar on him, to you.
    “Whatever, Max, you’re just jealous because all your shit’s watered down.” Hector rolled his eyes. “That’s what being a fuckin’ goody two-shoes gets you.” His eyes cut to you, dark in a way that made your blood run briefly cool. “You’re lucky you’re Marked, querida.” He nodded to Maxi behind you. “If it wasn’t for you having my cousin whipped like you do, you’d be the first thing I’d wanna play with.”
    “Oh, please,” Rora folded her arms, looking oddly annoyed at this. “They’re just some little mortal, and Maxi’s going to end up ripping them to pieces anyway—“
    “Shut up, Rora!” Maxi said it with a viciousness that surprised you, causing you to look back over your shoulder at him as best you could.
    “Oh, I’m sorry,” Rora said with narrowed eyes. “Can’t have Reality fuckin’ up your little fantasy, can we, sweetie?”
    “I swear to god, if you don’t—“
    But Maxi’s threat was never spoken, as suddenly, every light source in the room, electric or not, all extinguished at once, plunging you all into the shockingly oppressive darkness of the old house.
    There was a pause as everyone looked up, and you felt Maxi’s arm tighten slightly around your shoulders. “…Tell me that’s you,” he said quietly, looking back to Hector.
    Hector shook his head slowly, eyes still on the ceiling. “Nah, bro. Not my magic trick.” He looked to Rora. “How ‘bout you, beautiful?” 
    Roar shook her head, folding her arms. “Not in my repertoire, no.”
    “Is it a ghost?” you asked, not really any one person in general.
    “Nah,” Hector said, frowning. “Not any here, anyway.”
    “Then we’re not alone,” Maxi murmured.
    You watched Hector lean over to silently pull a surprisingly long knife from where he had it strapped against his lower leg, and saw Rora reveal a sharpened stiletto knife from where she had it hidden somewhere under her skirt. The two of them moved slowly to either side of Maxi, each one watching a different corner of the room in silence.
    “…There’s no one else coming, right?” Hector whispered.
    “Hell, I wasn’t even expectin’ y’all,” Maxi muttered. “Could be anyone’s guess at this point.”
    “Well, who’s left alive?” Rora asked, impatient.
    Maxi snorted. “Like that makes a difference.”
    “Hey guys?” You whispered. “Is the fireplace… supposed to be doing that?”
    In your peripheral vision, you saw them all follow your gaze to the huge brick fireplace in the forefront of the room, your grip tightening on your pocket knife that now felt pitifully minuscule. An eerie blue glow had appeared from the chimney column, and seemed to be growing brighter as something descended down it, the light expanding as it fell quickly down the flue.
    “…Hold on,” Hector said softly. “Why does that look like—?”
    “Fuck,” Maxi hissed, apparently recognizing it as well. “Okay, fuck, just play it casual. Everyone pretend to be normal.” Hurriedly, he pushed you quickly behind him, and Hector and Rora closed ranks next to him in front of you.
    You could still see blue flames two feet high erupt in the fireplace as a glowing orb landed hard in the ash pit, sending up clouds of smoke and dust in a tidal wave around the brick structure itself. “MORVANTS.” An anguished, corpse-like face emerged in the center of the ball, rolling eyes with no nose and no lips stretched over bared teeth. Its voice was deep, booming from everywhere and echoing softly on the susurrus of the plural. It sounded furious.
    Maxi sighed, stepping forward slightly. “Present.” He gave it a bored bow from the shoulders.
    The ghoulish face focused on him. “MAXIMILIAN VINCENT, SON OF VINCENT ETIENNE.”
    “Unfortunately,” he muttered. Rora nudged him hard in the ribs, and he waved her off impatiently.
    “THE REAPER.”
    “Yep, still me.”
    “THEY WHO DECIDE ARE DEEPLY DISPLEASED.”
    “Humblest apologies to your Counsel, but you’re gonna have to be more specific,” Maxi deadpanned, pushing his glasses slightly up the bridge of his nose. 
    “THE MORVANT LINE HAS PROVIDED NO HEIR TO THE COUNCIL IN THE ALLOTTED QUARTER, DESPITE LIVING DESCENDANTS.” The thing boomed. “THEY WHO DECIDE ARE LEFT AGAIN WITHOUT A QUORUM. THEY DEMAND AN EXPLANATION.”
    “Look, again, humblest apologies,” Maxi said, gesturing to the parlor around the group of you. “But after my dad kicked- after my father passed,” he corrected himself. “None of us were able to complete the Ritual. And They Who Provide themselves set the Ritual in place,” He nodded to the basement beneath your feet. “So if we haven’t fulfilled our bargain with them, we can’t send anybody. That’s where things stand.”
    “THIS IS UNACCEPTABLE.”
    “I know!” Maxi held his hands up like he was genuinely sympathetic. “I know, I’m sorry, but it’s out of our—“
    “Cállate,” Hector hissed under his breath, nudging Maxi hard from the other side and stepping forward. “I’m undertaking the Ritual, your Counsel.”
    The face whirled to Hector. “HECTOR EMILE, SON OF EMILE ETIENNE. THE SUMMONER.”
    “Yeah — yes,” Hector corrected quickly, adding a hasty bow from the shoulders. “At your service, my liege.” He straightened up and shook his hair out of his eyes. “I’m very close to completing the Thirteen, your grace, I just need—“
    “IF THE RITUAL IS NOT COMPLETED, YOU ARE INELIGIBLE.”
    “Yes, I know,” Hector said, trying obviously to keep the impatience from his tone. “But I only need three—“
    “YOU ARE INELIGIBLE.”
    “Look, dude, we have two more days!” Hector snapped, his thin veneer of formality shattering fairly quickly. “I’m working on it right now, if you’d just—“
    “Hex, watch it,” Maxi muttered hurriedly, apparently more concerned about whatever this was than the long-standing enmity he’d had with his cousin.
    You were torn out of this exchange by a cool hand suddenly wrapping around your wrist - you turned, startled, to find Rora staring at you. Before you could say anything, she put a slender finger to her lips. “Go upstairs as quietly as you can,” she whispered. “Go to the last bedroom on the second floor. Cover the mirror and lock the door.”
    You stared at her for a moment before slowly shaking your head. “I’m not leaving Maxi—“
    “You’ll only make this worse for him if they see you,” she cut you off. “Get up there. Wait for one of us to come get you. And whatever you do,” she added, eyes flashing. “Do not come back down here beforehand, no matter what you hear.”
    You looked rapidly between Rora and where Maxi and Hector were arguing in whispers in front of the glowing blue spectral emissary, torn. On one hand, you couldn’t stand the idea of leaving Maxi here to deal with this thing and his family alone. On the other hand, if Rora was right…
    “Go, hon,” Rora hissed at you, making a shooing motion before quickly pushing her hair off her shoulders with the same hand and stepping forward. “I believe I might be of some service, here. All eyes turned to her as she curtsied before the blue ball of flame. “If it may please They Who Decide.”
    There was a pause, and the blue flame seemed to tilt slightly on the axis of an invisible neck. “WE DO NOT RECOGNIZE YOU.”
    “Aurore Maria, daughter of Vincent—“
    “DAUGHTER OF MATHILDE ELENA,” the ball of flame cut her off. “THE MAIDEN.”
    “The Resurrectionist, now,” Rora said coolly, and as you backed slowly towards the door, keeping your eyes upon Maxi with occasional glances to Hector and Rora. “If you don’t mind.”
    “AURORE MARIA IS DEAD.”
    “I think you’ll find I’m not,” Aurore said, giving the will o’whisp a pretty pirouette as a demonstration. “Thanks entirely to my own skill. Well, and some good timin’—“
    “YOU ARE INELIGIBLE.”
    “And when was the last time any other scion brought themselves back from the dead before they completed the Ritual? Or brought themselves back from the dead, period?” Aurore argued. You had backed almost to the staircase where you’d watched her descend earlier, watching her shoulders tighten as she drew herself up to her full height. She was beautifully striking, an intimidating figure even in front of the corpse-like face that loomed in front of her.
    “MORVANTS ARE NOT SUPPOSED TO RESURRECT THEMSELVES,” the Whisp said, its voice growing more ominous as it seemingly grew angrier. “THIS IS THE CODE.”
    “Look, your grace,” Maxi cut in quickly, stepping slightly in front of Rora. This made you freeze, despite the short space left to the staircase. You weren’t about to leave him like this. “My sister has always been… unconventional, but she hasn’t technically broken the Code—“
    “Is that really the priority?” Rora argued over Maxi’s shoulder, impatiently stepping to his side and looking furiously between him and the Whisp. “No, I didn’t break the Code. But even if I did, you need a representative. I’ve successfully completed an act of complex necromancy no one else in my lineage has ever even attempted, even before embracin’ my full threshold. How am I not the most obvious candidate?”
    “Because the Ritual’s still necessary,” Hector cut in from Maxi’s other side, bristling. “And I’m still the one closest to completing it.”
    “THAT WOULD BE THE REAPER,” The Whisp boomed.
    “I’m not—“ Maxi steepled his fingers, scrambling for an explanation. “I am… abnegatin’ my eligibility, your Counsel. My relatives—“
    “YOU ARE VINCENT’S SON. YOU ARE THE FIRST DIRECT DESCENDANT OF THE CONJUROR. YOU ARE THE OBVIOUS CHOICE.”
    The Conjuror? You’d never heard anyone call Maxi’s dad that before. Not that Maxi talked about Vincent much, except to occasionally enlighten you on what an asshole he was. But then again, you’d never heard his title either. 
    The Reaper. It didn’t suit the man you loved - at least, not the way you knew him. You wondered if it had before, during the parts of his life he was… less inclined to tell you about.
    “And I forfeit my right to consideration,” Maxi said, straightening his shoulders. “I’m not the one you want.”
    “IT IS NOT YOURS TO SURRENDER.”
    “Your Grace, I really must insist on putting myself forward,” Rora said again, folding her arms. “Especially if my twin has refused.”
    “And I’m still the one closest to meeting the requirements set down by They Who Provide,” Hector jumped in. “I may be Emile’s son, but I still—“
    “ENOUGH.” 
    An explosion of blue flame threatened to consume the entire room. To your horror, blue spectral tendrils shot forward, locking around the necks of each of the three Morvants and pulling roughly so they were each forced to kneel. Maxi kept his hands clenched into fists at his sides, and Rora was gripping hard onto her own upper arms, but from the way Hector was clawing at the fire around his neck, his own hands firing sparks a deep violet color when they collided, it looked like the tendrils were burning each of them.
    “CONSIDER THIS A SUMMONS.” The will-o’whisp’s voice echoed back a hundredfold from the ancient house, reverberating in the very rafters. “PRESENT YOURSELVES TO THE COUNCIL AT SUNDOWN, ALL HALLOW’S EVE. IF A CANDIDATE DOES NOT MAKE THEMSELVES CLEAR IN THE AGREED MANNER… THEY WHO PROVIDE WILL MAKE THEIR OWN SELECTION.”
    A sound of something massive coming loose grated ominously from the basement of the House. Like the very foundations were shifting beneath your feet. You stared down, frozen in terror as you wondered what could possibly be moving down there.
    …It was only when the room fell suddenly silent, everything ceasing to move at once, that you looked up again.
    Maxi was staring at you in wide-eyed terror, petrified. Hector and Rora on either side of him didn’t look much better, Hector looking deeply nervous, Rora looking the closest thing to afraid you’d ever seen in your brief time together.
    It was then you realized that the Will-o’Whisp was staring at you from where it hovered over the fireplace.
    Before you could move, it hovered towards you, the fire seeming to elongate as it crossed the room… and, strangely, seemed to take on the shape of a human body. You were even more surprised when a flesh-and-bone person, a pale man with thick dark hair and a hawkish nose, stepped from the blue flames in an immaculately cut bespoke black suit, the fabric seeming to glow blue as it moved. 
    As the man approached you, you tried to step back, to straighten up - only to find your feet were sealed to the floor. You looked down, seeing blue flames glowing around your boots, and realized with a sick feeling that you had, indeed, been trapped. 
    The man’s eyes were impressively dark, but not warm like Maxi’s or Hector’s. He circled you, watching you down his aquiline nose the entire time, his lips poised against his teeth like he didn’t know whether to be repulsed or intrigued.
    “Well, well, well…” he said softly, arching an eyebrow. “You don’t look like a Morvant.” He stopped in front of you, tilting his head in a way that made you feel like you were under a microscope. “So what are you?” 
    You swallowed, trying to shove down your nerves, and opened your mouth to speak — but before you could, he waved a hand over your head, causing a number of symbols you couldn’t recognize to appear written above you in thin tendrils of blue flame. With an almost bored tone, the man read your full name, your birth year - even your hometown, just from the strange glyphs hovering in the air. “So, little one,” he said, waving another hand to cause them to diminish into smoke. “What are you doing here, of all places?” One delicate eyebrow arched. “Where mortals definitely shouldn’t be?”
    “She’s ours,” Hector blurted.
    “She’s with us,” Rora corrected immediately.
    “She’s mine,” Maxi said, with just a touch of bite in his emphasis. He shot the other two a withering look before glaring at the back of the man in front of you. “She’s mine. Your grace,” he added through slightly gritted teeth.
    “We’ll see,” The Man in Blue said, waving a hand dismissively. Maxi looked annoyed enough to try to get back to his feet, but Hector and Rora each clamped a hand on his shoulder to hold him in place. 
    You faced the Man in Blue with as much of a poker face as you could manage, trying to shoot Maxi a reassuring glance over the man’s shoulder. “I’m… I’m with Maximilian.” His full name felt just slightly odd on your tongue, but what followed felt even odder. “I’m The Reaper’s.” Your eyes found his again over the Man’s shoulder, and you noted a flash of pain on his face when you used the title. Hector and Rora both just watched you nervously -  Rora trying to maintain an aloof poker face, Hector’s tongue nervously darting out over his lip.
    “So you say.” The Man sounded almost bored, lifting the wrist of your dominant hand that still held your knife. He snapped his fingers, and a shot of blue sparks that traveled down the blade itself and over the handle made you yelp softly, sending said knife clattering to the floor.
    “That’s not necessary,” Maxi growled, again trying to get up.
    “Hush,” The Man waved a hand again, and the fire tendril still around Maxi’s neck pulled him back down, slamming both his knees to the floor. You stood on your toes, trying to get a better look to make sure he wasn’t seriously hurt, but the Man in front of you yanked on your wrist to bring you back down to the floor. He turned your wrist over in his hand, looking at you with impossibly dark eyes for a long moment before tapping a single fingertip with a dark cobalt nail to the skin of your wrist. 
    You winced, expecting it to hurt… but instead, something else happened.
    Red sparks pushed stubbornly back against the blue that were fighting to envelop your wrist, and something - a rune, a sign, a glyph, something comprised of very sharp lines you didn’t recognize - spread across your veins like a boundary, glowing even brighter red than the blue that slid uselessly around all sides of it. 
    The Man hummed quietly with interest, his finger traveling down your arm - and wherever it went, you could swear you felt nothing, as if the red sparks were standing between your skin and his. “…Well,” he said at last, looking at you with something between surprise and annoyance. “So you are, aren’t you?”
    Over his shoulder, Maxi looked wildly relieved, Rora’s mouth was just slightly ajar, and Hector, if anything, looked a bit confused, looking from Maxi to you as though you were somehow unfamiliar again despite the brief time you’d been acquainted.
    You straightened up slightly, trying not to look too cocky, but this time not afraid to meet his eyes. “So I am.” You had no idea when that had gotten there, but if it pissed him off, you’d take that to be a good thing.
    The Man dropped your hand as thought suddenly bored with it. “So bring her too.”
     Maxi’s expression immediately changed to one of troubled shock. “…I’m sorry?”
    The Man in Blue turned back to the three Morvants, walking away from you and towards the fireplace again. “Bring her. Tomorrow. To the Masquerade.” He looked over his shoulder at you, and something about his expression made your skin crawl. “We can’t have them missing all the fun, of course.”
    “My liege,” Rora spoke up from where she was still kneeling back to Maxi. “That’s… that’s hardly necessary, wouldn’t you think?”
    “No, not at all,” The Man said, walking by her without even a glance in her direction - which, for some reason, annoyed you deeply. “They might even help with the Selection process. Who’s to say?” He stepped up into their fireplace. “…Oh, and bring your fifth as well, just in case.” He said, picking some invisible lint off his sleeve. “Once he’s feeling up to it, anyway. They Who Decide would like to see him as well.”
    “…Who?” Hector asked, brow furrowed.
    “Farewell, Morvants,” The Man said, fixing all of you with an odd, almost gloating expression. “Here’s to keeping it interesting.” And without another word, the blue flames climbed his body again, and he disappeared in a flash that left you blinking away spots in the darkness of the House for a moment.
    As soon as he was gone, you were running over to the Morvants. “Maxi? Are you guys okay?”
    Maxi sat back on his feet, rubbing at the skin of his neck with a wince. “It’s okay, darlin’. Pierre’s always been a fuckin’ showoff.” When you reached him, as you went to kneel next to him, he instead held a hand up as he got to his feet. “We’re fine.” He immediately took the wrist Pierre had held into his hands, looking concernedly between it and your eyes. “Are you alright?”
    “Fine,” you said, shaking your head in confusion. “That didn’t… nothing hurt. Not like you guys.”
    “I hate that guy,” Hector muttered, both hands circling his own neck for a moment. “He was always such a fucking prick when we were younger. They should’ve just picked someone new when he croaked.”
    “What, and waste a perfectly good sadist?” Rora sighed, rubbing her knees before standing up with a slight wince. She looked to Maxi, frowning. “So when’d you learn to brand somebody?”
    “I didn’t,” Maxi said, sounding defensive as he was still nervously looking over your arm. “Or at least…” he paused, looking to you with the very slightest hint of fear in his eyes. “Not on purpose.”
    “It’s fine, babe,” you said, your free hand covering his where it held your arm. “I think it, um. Was like a shield, or something, against whatever that Pierre dick was using.”
    “Oof,” Rora sighed, glancing at you before looking at Maxi again. “You have a lot to catch them up on, and not a lot of time.”
    “I didn’t think it would come to this,” Maxi shot back, looking at her. 
    “Lots of things about this,” Rora said, gesturing in a lazy circle to both of you. “Make me think you didn’t think, Waxy dearest.” She sized you up again, and you felt heat rush back to your cheeks. “But I get it.”
    “Can you not right now?” Maxi muttered, sounding exhausted. You hugged his waist, trying to be reassuring, and he loosely hugged your shoulders.
    “I’m still stuck on that last cryptic-ass thing he said,” Hector frowned, still rubbing his neck with a wince. “What did he mean, ‘your fifth’?”
    “…I don’t know.” Maxi looked to Rora. “When you were a ghost, was there someone here I didn’t know about?”
    “I mean… no,” Rora said, shaking her head as she folded her arms. “I mean, not besides—“
    Footsteps echoing up the basement stairs seemed to answer the question lingering in the air, and you all turned immediately towards the kitchen door. Maxi moved you behind him again, adjusting his grip on his scalpel, and Hector again picked up the long knife he’d been keeping under his jeans before he was brought down. Rora, however, made no move to pick up her own weapon, her face a curious mix of hope and mild dread.
    The footsteps entered the kitchen, the click of brisk steps in a man’s dress shoes seemed to cause a chain reaction through each of the assembled Morvants - Hector’s eyes widened, and you saw him loosen his grip on the hilt of his blade. Rora gasped, delighted, her hands flying to cover her mouth.
    Maxi, next to you, nearly seemed to flinch, his arm going positively rigid under your grip - out of fear or anger, it was hard to tell.
    A man in a suit two decades out of fashion with about as much dust into the room, rolling his head on his neck so it popped loudly, as if back into place. His steps were somewhat unsteady, as if he was learning how to balance again after a long time without. The flesh on his skull looked like it was undergoing the most rapid skin graft you’d ever seen in your life, patches of it shedding, blooming red with the new musculature, and eventually turning into the slightly leathery skin of a man in his mid-to-late fifties. Though the thick dark hair took a moment to appear, it was the reformation of the nose and the particular tilt of the re-fleshed jaw that suddenly made your blood run cold.
    You realized, now, what you were seeing was a family resemblance.
    Vincent Morvant strode into the room, running his hand through his hair and smirking like a cat who just ate the canary. “Oh,” he sighed, looking around the foyer. “What a treat, to actually walk around inside my own house again.” His eyes roved over the four of you. “But what, pray tell, do I find living here?” You supposed you could see how some might have found him charming. He had the confident smile of a charismatic pastor, and a voice like melted butter. But something about him felt like oil in a way you couldn’t explain - a bit of shine in the right light, or a slickness that just felt… wrong, somehow, in the bone altar of your skull. Like how the House had felt too dark, something of that was echoed in the man standing before you.
    Off to the side, you could see Hector watching with wide eyes, an unreadable expression on his face. He glanced quietly at Maxi, once, then at you, before his gaze flicked to Rora - and at last, you could identify an element of concern.
    Rora positively squealed in delight, running over immediately to throw her arms around his neck. “Daddy! I missed you so much!”
    Vincent frowned for a moment as he caught her in a hug, not recognizing the young woman calling him Daddy. “I… well, I’m sure I missed you too, Missy.” He said, his voice lowering to a purr. Off to the side, you saw Hector bristling, his hands clenching into fists at his sides. “Would you mind reminding me of–” He paused, his hand frozen as he turned Rora’s chin up to look at him. “…Of,” he said slowly, his brow furrowing. “…Aurore?”
    Rora grinned, nodding. “I told you I’d come back, Daddy.” She gestured to her new body. “Took me a minute, but I got here.”
    Vincent blinked, eyes wide. “Well, I’ll be damned,” he breathed. “You are, aren’t you?” His shocked expression turned back into another smug grin. “But you always were my daughter, weren’t you?”
    Hector scowled, but his gaze lingered on Aurore, clearly torn as you both saw the unbridled joy in her eyes.
     As Aurore was happily reuniting with her father, Maxi was the palest you’d ever seen him, despite the stalwart poker face he wore. He was gripping his scalpel handle so tightly the blade shook in his hand, and for a moment, it crossed your mind to just take him and run - run as far away from here as you both could get, no looking back, to hell with the Parish and They Who Provide and everything else.
    Vincent, as if hearing your thoughts, looked over Rora’s shoulder at you with the same dark eyes you saw echoed in your beloved’s face… and then looked to Maxi. What stretched across his face was, you supposed on some level, a grin… but it made your blood run cold with how much anger was hiding in the teeth. “Max. My boy.” He gently shoved Rora away from him, despite her startled face, and as Vincent walked towards his son, Hector moved quickly to Rora’s side. As he leaned over, whispering to her, she waved him away, scowling.
    “We have… so much to talk about, you and I.” Vincent’s grin was turning more and more into a baring of teeth as he moved to where Maxi stood, as if frozen to the floor. “Like just where you get off killing me, exactly.”
    You paused, looking between Maxi and Vincent and back again. Did you know this? Had he told you this? A sinking feeling in your gut told you no, but somehow, the longer you looked at Vincent, the more you couldn’t tell if you were horrified at this accusation, or moreso at the fact that you’d never seen him look this scared.
    “Hey, Dad.” Maxi said, doing his damnedest to keep his voice level, and you could hear it. “Long time no see.” He paused, seeming to weigh his next words - before moving so abruptly, you would’ve missed him punching Vincent right in the newly restructured nose if you hadn’t heard the crack of the impact… and something fleshy tearing.
    Vincent roared in pain, doubling over with both hands to his face before standing up to face Maxi with furious eyes, and a brand new gaping hole where his nose had been. “How fucking dare you, you insolent little– Damn it!”
    A rattling sound between everyone’s feet caused you to look down just in time to see Magnolia skittering across the floor, batting the fleshy bloody remnant of Vincent’s nose around like it was a wine cork for her to play with.
    “That damned cat? Again?” In a fury, he turned on Rora. “You brought that back too? Really? I told you to get rid of it the first time.”
    Rora hesitated. “I… well, yeah. It’s just… it’s just a cat, Daddy.” She laughed, but you immediately realized it sounded nervous.
    “‘It’s just a cat’ - well, I guess we all had to start with something ridiculous to do something worthwhile,” Vincent said, his voice a near sneer. “Now go do somethin’ useful and get my nose back.”
    Rora’s eyes were changing in front of you, a confused hurt there - like this wasn’t how she had pictured this happening.
    “Well?” Vincent snapped again, and Rora turned, immediately walking off after where Magnolia had run. Hector remained in place, glaring venomously, and Vincent looked back to him as if doing a double take. “…You look familiar. Do I know you?”
    “Uncle V,” Hector said, his attempt at a smile a mere grimace. “I see you’re… back.” When Vincent continued staring at him, perplexed, he looked like he was restraining himself from rolling his eyes. “It’s Hector.”
    “Oh! Emile’s boy.” Vincent nodded. “But you do favor your mother, don’t you?” Without waiting for an answer, he waved a hand dismissively. “Glad to see you survived to adulthood, I wasn’t sure there for a minute.”
    Hector looked for a moment like he was sorely considering spitting at Vincent’s feet, before shooting Maxi a look that was very nearly apologetic, and stalking off after Rora.
    “You,” He hissed, whipping around to face Maxi again. “You have some brass ones on you, son, after what you did to me–”
    “I have never felt less sorry for anythin’.” Maxi said flatly. “And I’m not about to start.”
    “Then why don’t I give you somethin’ to be sorry about, then?” Vincent popped his neck, in a gesture that weirdly echoed Maxi’s own, and began to advance on him.
    You stepped in front of Maxi, staring up into the noseless face of the man in front of you. “Hi, heard a lot about you,” you said quietly, drawing yourself up as much as you could. “Fuck all the way off.”
    Vincent’s eyes went to you, unchanging for a moment before they finally looked mildly surprised. “…And you are?”
    “Going to fuck your face up some more if you don’t step the fuck back,” you said, packing ice in every word. Okay. So he was a resurrected necromancer. But also, he was not about to talk to Maxi like that, whether Maxi murdered him or not.
    Vincent blinked, looking at you like you were a lamb stomping its hoof at a wolf - before he grinned to match, in an unsettling show of teeth. “I don’t believe we’ve been acquainted.” He looked you over long and slow, sizing you up. “You’re an… interesting little morsel.” His eyes cut to Maxi behind you. “This yours?”
    “Yes,” you said without a moment’s hesitation, right as Maxi said, “They’re their own.” You paused, looking over your shoulder at him, and he gave you a small, grateful smile. He wrapped his arms defensively around your shoulders, and the two of you turned back to Vincent.
    Vincent rolled his eyes at this, looking between the two of you. “Well.” He looked back to Maxi, smirking slightly. “I never thought I’d see the day for you.” His eyes fell to yours briefly. “Enjoy it while it lasts,” he gave Maxi a last, meaningful look, and you felt him tense behind you. “We both know it never does.”
    His eyes returned again to you. “Enchante, cherie.” With a last toothy smile - revealing gums that were still a deathly shade of gray - he stalked off. “Aurore! I told you to find my nose, damn it, not LaFitte’s treasure!”
    As soon as he was out of the room, you felt Maxi exhale shakily behind you, and you immediately turned to look at him. “Do you want to go?”
    After a moment, wordlessly, he nodded, still staring after his father like he’d seen the very worst ghost one could come across.
  

  
  
     
  

  
    “Y’know, we can leave if you get uncomfortable.”
    “I know.”
    “I mean it. The minute it gets too much, you tell me, we’ll get outta here.”
    “I know, babe.”
    You and Maxi were standing on his front porch, the two of you shoulder to shoulder outside his front door, Maxi back in his suit from yesterday, now slightly wrinkled but at least free of blood, you in jeans and a cardigan. Maybe not as nice as you would’ve gone for meeting his folks, but fairly mobile in case the two of you had to make a run for it. No exposed skin, either, which meant forgoing your usual favorite crop tops - he had been oddly insistent about that part, but considering Maxi usually never objected to any of your clothes, you were willing to bet it was for a practical reason.
    The October sunlight was golden in spite of the surprisingly cool day for this far down South, but you were feeling a chill for an entirely different reason as you tried your best not to let your apprehension show in front of your boyfriend. You’d asked for this. You’d told him to bring you here… to introduce you to the rest f the family. The last thing you needed to do now was chicken out, despite the twisting feeling in your gut, the nagging voice at the back of your skull that whispered the House - normally a place where the two of you were quite content to spend time alone together - just didn’t feel right, now. 
    On some primal level, in the deepest recesses of your bones, you knew something else was here.
    And it wasn’t fucking around.
    But you were doing your best to keep your poker face intact, sizing up the door and pretending this was no big deal. You’d met partners’ families before. Necromantic serial killers or not, there had to be at least some commonalities here, right? ‘Hi, I’m so glad to finally meet you, I’ve heard so much about you, also, how’s it feel being back from the dead after two decades? Smartphones - crazy, right?’
    …Or something like that.
    Glancing to your right, Maxi was staring at the door himself, not even bothering to keep a poker face in place. He was openly apprehensive, the fingers of his left hand absently drumming a pattern against his leg like he had to fight to stay still. You could practically see him running through a litany of Worst Case Scenarios in his head, his frown growing steadily more pronounced the longer the two of you stood there. It wasn’t hard to see him doing the math about just what a bad idea this could actually be, introducing his very mortal significant other to his maybe-less-than-mortal relatives. You swear you saw the heel of his dress shoe starting to inch backwards, as if his second thoughts and common sense were starting to win out.
    “Hey, Maxi?” His eyes snapped to yours, and you reached down, gently taking his hand in yours. “We can leave when you want, too, you know.” You gave him your best ‘I am definitely being a brave adult’ smile, and after a moment, he returned it with something that was still a little closer to a grimace than yours. But it was something. 
    He squeezed your hand, and you were grateful for the reassuring strength there. “I know.” He hesitated another moment before bringing your knuckles to his lips, pressing a kiss there. “Thanks, darlin’.”
    You both turned back to the door, and when you felt his shoulders relax next to you, you let yourself exhale softly, trying to force yourself to be cool. It was fine. This was fine. Unless otherwise stated, this was just a casual visit to a place you’d been a million times since the two of you had started dating.
    “Stay close to me,” Maxi said softly, glancing at you again. “And whatever happens, don’t leave my sight, okay?”
    “Twist my arm, much?” You were trying to joke, but it still felt like flat soda in your mouth. After another last moment of staring at the door - no backing out now - Maxi gave your hand a last small squeeze, before anxiously straightening his suit jacket and opening it for you. “C’mon.”
    You took his outstretched free hand, and tried not to think too hard about Persephone as he led you inside.
    -
    “Alright, you two. Come on out.”
    Maxi’s voice echoed through the empty parlor, eerily undisturbed somehow since you’d seen it last. You were expecting… worse, from his description. But there was no real sign of disorder here,  yet. For a brief moment, your heart lifted in your chest, wondering if by some impossible miracle both his cousin and his sister had just decided to leave. Maybe they’d gotten bored. Maybe they’d decided their plans were best executed elsewhere.
    But as you drifted behind Maxi into the door of the living room, where the two of you usually lingered together, you realized there was no such luck.
    A duffel bag was visible peeking out from under the high-legged settee on the right side of the room, the one both of you avoided because it was not only antique but deeply uncomfortable. On a couch you didn’t recognize - one that filled the space of the one you and Maxi had, er, ruined - you saw a bed pillow and a rumpled quilt, with a phone charger plugged into the nearest outlet. 
    “Fuckin’ goddamn it.” You turned, looking at Maxi to see what had alarmed him so, only to see him frowning sourly at the couch. “They’ve been in the attic.”
    “What’s in the attic?” You looked from him to the couch - it certainly looked older, probably part of a set they didn’t bother to bring the rest of down. Not that you could blame them, considering the attic was above the third floor. It was probably a miracle they got this one down the stairs.
    “There’s no tellin’, to be honest.” Maxi sighed. “We were never allowed up there when I was younger, but that didn’t stop those two. I never joined them,” he paused, abruptly shrugging a shoulder like he was trying to shake off a chill. “…Somethin’ up there and I didn’t care for each other, shall we say.”
    You paused, not entirely sure what he was saying but nodding nonetheless. Must be a ghost thing. The two of you quietly surveyed the room, you lingering just behind him in the actual doorframe, looking over your shoulder into the abandoned foyer and up the empty stairwell at every small sound. You could hear nothing from the nearby kitchen - no sink running, no stove on, no chatter - and for a moment, you wondered if at least you were the only two in the house.
    “…Oh, come on,” Maxi growled, and when you looked around, you saw him moving towards the now hellaciously messy coffee table, impatiently sweeping up some coffee cups left there without coasters. “It’s not hard, I know I left them out,” he muttered. He paused, glancing at you mid-step towards the kitchen doorway on the other side of the room. “…Wait here a sec, okay?”
    You couldn’t help a smile - Maxi was still Maxi, ominous visitors or not. You knew how important keeping up the House was to him; at first, you’d only assumed it was because he also used it as a place to host wakes and viewings, but now that you knew the full extent of his sight, you wondered if it wasn’t also at the behest of some spectral relatives, still taking pride in the place long after their death. “Sure. I’ll be fine.” You gestured to the empty room. “I can handle this, I think.”
    Maxi smiled a little, finally, before hurriedly stepping into the kitchen. You turned back to the empty room as you heard the sink running, assuming since he wasn’t interrupted in his task it was also unoccupied. Curious, but still cautious, you let yourself take a couple of steps further into the room, examining the makeshift bed on the couch. Poking out from under the pillow, you swore as you moved you saw something glitter. When you leaned forward as much as you dared, you saw a carved point of deep purple stone, gleaming darkly against the neutral colors of the quilt. Amethyst? You frowned - couldn’t be a comfortable place for a crystal, but with Maxi’s family you weren’t about question it.
    For just a moment, you had to look over your shoulder, a sudden cold on the back of your neck making the hair there stand up. Turning as quickly as you could, you found… nothing. Not even a stir of the curtains at the windows to indicate a draft. You couldn’t shake the chill on your neck, though… or the feeling of being watched, despite seeing no eyes to confirm this.
    You left the bed well enough alone after that, moving to look over the debris covering the coffee table: strewn open journals that looked like they had seen better days, some of them with pages that looked like they’d been wet, some with stains darker and more troubling still - many of them with the same slanted, nearly illegible writing. Nearby, a newer model of polaroid camera sat amidst a pile of what must have been recent photographs. They all appeared to be places in the house - some of them empty, some of them with blurry shapes you couldn’t make out at first sight. The longer you stared, though, the more you could swear you see faces in some, but they looked… wrong. Not quite in the right arrangement of features, sometimes transparent, sometimes a color no human skin should look—
    Your head shot up as you heard something rattling in the formal sitting room, where Maxi often hosted clients. A noise like scrabbling. Something hard over polished wood.
    You stood there for a long moment, weighing your options. Your knife was in your pocket, obviously - but based on what Maxi had told you, you weren’t sure it would be much in your hands against his relatives. “…Babe?” You tried hard to keep your voice even.
    Maxi appeared immediately again in the kitchen doorway, his jacket now gone, leaving only his waistcoat and his sleeves rolled up. “What is it?”
    Without looking at him, you nodded towards the door to the parlor, which the two of you had only just walked through and seen nothing there. You swallowed, wondering if you had walked right past one of them and not even noticed. But that would be impossible… right?
    You remembered the feeling of eyes on your back just a moment ago, and subconsciously, you crossed your arms over your chest. “There’s something in there,” you said, just loud enough for him to hear.
    Maxi reached into the scarlet lining of his black waistcoat, causing you to blink when he pulled out a stainless steel scalpel from some unseen pocket. Had he had that the whole time? Did he always have one of those somewhere? He twirled it absently in his left hand, and with a sudden drop in your stomach, you realized the gesture was almost exactly the same as when you caught him drumming his fingers on something. “Stay here,” he said softly, eyes on the door.
    You shook your head, and he looked to you with a furrowed brow. “I… I felt something,” you whispered, feeling your cheeks heat as you said it and fully expecting him to say you were overreacting. “Like I was being watched.”
    To your surprise, Maxi’s eyes widened, and he scanned the room with a wariness that would’ve scared you more if you weren’t so relieved that he believed you. “…C’mon then,” he said, reaching  for you with his right hand as he looked back to the door. “Just stay behind me and keep your knife drawn.”
    You walked over to him, taking his hand immediately with your own and shoving your other one into your pocket where your knife waited. You brought it out and flipped it open, keeping the blade pointed carefully down and your grip firm on the handle as Maxi kept you immediately behind his back, moving back into the foyer with careful steps.
    You watched Maxi check the corners of the room  - and, concerningly, the ceiling for a moment - before he led you into it, his grip on your hand never wavering as you crept behind him. You felt like your heart was in your mouth as you crossed the ancient floor, trying to only step where he just had so you didn’t alert the other occupant of the House with a creaking floorboard. When he gave a second look to an old armchair in the corner, one you regularly overlooked, you followed his gaze - and, for a moment, could swear you saw the fading outline of something vaguely human-looking there. Like a shadow without a body.
    You immediately looked away, swallowing hard and hoping Maxi’s relatives didn’t have any powers that would let them hear how you thought your heart was going to beat through your sternum. It was everything you could do now to keep it from shaking the hand that held your knife, and it had already taken over your hearing, leaving you listening uselessly to the speedy thrum of your own pulse.
    When the two of you made it to the foyer proper, you looked around the corner fully expecting to see someone sitting on the antique loveseat - and, instead, finding nothing. Maxi lowered his scalpel after an uncertain moment, frowning at the empty room.
    “I swear I heard something,” you said, your cheeks heating again as you came around to his side. You looked to him, feeling your eyes widen. “There was something moving in here a second ago.”
    “I believe you,” Maxi murmured, his eyes searching the impressive bookcases that lined the walls, as if one of the many various volumes (some of them really quite old looking, even standing this far away) would reveal itself to have the answer.
    You followed his gaze, and, remembering his earlier gesture, quickly looked to the shadowy tops of them… and froze.
    “…Maxi,” you kept your eyes locked on the thing, and saw his head snap to look at you out of your peripheral vision. “Did you see that earlier?”
    He followed your gaze to what appeared to be a taxidermy cat skeleton, bones completely free of flesh, posed like it was crouching and looking down on the sitting room itself. It had no eyes to indicate this, not even glass replacements, but something about the way the skull was pointed directly downwards seemed very purposeful.
    “Very mature, Aurore,” Maxi growled, and for reasons you didn’t understand, he sounded oddly upset about this display. When you glanced to him, concerned, he sighed, his shoulders sagging as if deflated. “It’s fine. She’s just fuckin’ with me.” He sucked on the inside of his cheek for a moment, looking back to the leering skull. “That used to be my cat, when I was a kid.”
    You looked back to the skeleton, suddenly horrified. “Oh, babe, that’s… that’s awful.” You swallowed again, this time trying to dispel the nausea of having a sibling that would think this kind of thing was funny. “…I’m assuming it didn’t die of natural causes?” you asked weakly, your nausea only building.
    “That’s what I always suspected, but I could never prove it. Not really. That’s my sister for you, though,” Maxi muttered. “She always had a wicked sense of humor. Was never much for—“
    That was when the skeleton jumped to the floor.
    You couldn’t restrain a small shriek of surprise, and Maxi hissed through his teeth in surprise, quickly shoving you behind him while he followed the thing with the scalpel point. “RORA!” he roared in the direction of the stairs. “GET DOWN HERE!”
    The skeleton, again despite its eyelessness, seemed to focus on the pair of you with great intensity, crouching again in front of you just like a living cat despite its lack of musculature to hold the bones in place. You watched its tail swish back and forth, the little vertebrae clicking as they did so with no tissue between them, and after a moment, it rose straight into the air as it stood up, the tip of it leaning slightly to the right.
    “…Oh,” you murmured, tilting your head to mimic it without entirely realizing.
    “What?” Maxi looked over his shoulder at you, as if worried some other skeletal creature had popped up behind you.
    “Hold on a sec, babe,” you said softly, placing a hand on Maxi’s upper arm. You stepped to his side, crouching down slightly and holding out your hand in a loosely curled fist.
    “Baby, wait, no,” Maxi hissed, leaning down next to you as if to pull you back when the cat came closer. “We don’t know what she’s made this for—“
    But you put your free hand back on his arm to still him. “Just wait, Maxi,” you soothed. If the thing bit you, you would get what you deserved. But having loved a series of cats throughout your life, despite the lack of skin and fur, there was nothing about this particular little bag of bones that looked like it was poised to strike.
    Maxi stayed exactly where he was, one arm still braced protectively around your neck and shoulders while his left hand gripped his scalpel. The two of you watched the skeleton crawl closer, its little feet clicking on the hardwood floor, and it nosed your fist with the space where its nose would have been in life. After a few minutes of this, with no passage of air that would’ve indicated sniffing, the skull turned — and rubbed its cheekbone along your fingers, its back arching like it was enjoying itself.
    You watched a small green light spark and begin to glow in its chest cavity, behind its ribs and sternum, and from its throat, you heard a distinct rattling noise. After a moment, you realized it was one of the neck vertebrae vibrating very quickly.
    “…Magnolia?” You looked over your shoulder as Maxi spoke. His voice was soft, with a note of hope that went straight to your chest, and eventually he reluctantly let go of you. You watched him move around to your side, crouching next to you and looking at the cat with wide, curious eyes. The skeleton walked over to him with hurried little steps, and as he kneeled on the floor with a hand outstretched, it crawled into his lap, rubbing its skull on his chest. “Maggie,” Maxi breathed, and you saw a small smile bloom on his face as he held out his palm for the cat to arch its spine against. “Hi, baby girl.”
    “She was supposed to be an apology present.”
    The two of you looked around, you immediately standing to hover protectively over Maxi and his cat-skeleton as you heard light footsteps descending the stairs. As the woman in the long black dress came into view, you felt your breath catch for a reason you didn’t quite expect. The resemblance between her and Maxi was still very much present - you could recognize the shape of his eyes, though Rora’s were a brilliant green where Maxi’s were a warm dark brown, and the particular slant of the nose. Her hair was darker, long and black and lustrous, and when she stopped on the stairs to give you a very blatant once-over, you did your best not to bite your lip. 
    Fuck. She was pretty. You had suspected this, of course - she was Maxi’s sister, after all - but where Maxi’s gaze was usually open and soft, Rora’s was sharp, calculating. She regarded you with a cool curiosity, and for a moment, you felt like a prey animal having caught sight of a hawk just before it swooped down on them. “So. You’re here.” The barest hint of a smile graced her features, still pretty even in its slight condescension. “He must have really told you the truth after all.” She descended the stairs, walking over to the pair of you with a languorous gait as her heels clicked on the floor. “What I’m dying to know is how much he told you.” Her eyes cut to Maxi, who rose next to you, Magnolia now having crawled onto his shoulder and perched there. “Aren’t you going to introduce me properly to your… friend, here?”
    “Darlin’, this is Aurore,” Maxi said, his tone carefully neutral. “My… twin sister. Or at least,” he added, with the tiniest bit of skepticism. “She was.”
    “Technically I still am,” she said, shrugging in a fluid motion. Her dress was sleeveless, revealing sharp collarbones to match her cheekbones and delicate shoulders. “The blood’s different, but the essence is the same. And we all know that’s what really counts, in our case.” She glanced to Magnolia, arching a dark eyebrow. “You’re welcome, by the way.”
    “What was the apology?” Maxi asked flatly, one hand lifting again so Maggie could bump her skull again it affectionately. “‘Sorry I stole a body off the table and brought myself back when we were specifically told not to, ever?’”
    “Is he this much of a killjoy with you?” Rora asked, glancing at you with a slight eyeroll. “I’m sorry, hon, you got the nerd of the family. It wasn’t even like anyone was usin’ it,” she said without waiting for an answer, looking back to Maxi. “She was a Jane Doe, literally no one was lookin’ for her.”
    “That we know of,” Maxi argued.
    “Well, even if they were,” Rora waved a hand dismissively. “Her face is rottin’ on the basement floor now, so I wish them luck with that.”
    “Do you have to?” Maxi said, annoyed.
    “Do I have to what?”
    “Try to be all spooky about it in front of… guests.” Maxi glanced at you quickly before looking back to Rora. “It seems like you’re tryin’ too hard.”
    “Oh, who, your little Obsession? I mean,” Rora rolled her eyes again. “If you have your scalpel out in front of them, I imagine they know what we are. If they weren’t too spooked to come here, I can be honest, no?” She tilted her head slightly, smiling at you with a slight mocking sweetness. “Or did he just give you the edited version, beautiful?” She gave you a wink, and you felt your cheeks warm. “I can see why he wouldn’t want to scare you off, anyway.”
    “Cut it out, Rora,” Maxi growled, and you blinked, looking at him in mild surprise. You’d never known him to really be… jealous, in front of you. Or at least, not openly.
    “Sorry, honey, he gets twitchy,” Rora giggled, looking Maxi over. “Wouldn’t be the first time he had a little friend of his tempted out from under his nose.”
    “Max has a friend over?”
    You all turned to see another, slightly taller man with deeply tan skin emerge from the kitchen, and you realized he must have come up from the basement stairs to have not passed by any of you.  In one of his hands, you recognized the polaroid camera from the living room table, and you marveled at how quiet he must have been to get it with all of you just in the next room. He was in worn jeans and a white t-shirt that, as he walked into the light of the foyer, was marked by a dried spray pattern of… something dark. He had dark circles beneath his even darker eyes, and you wondered if he’d slept at all the night before. His hair was longer, with a dark beard and mustache that were disheveled in a way that wasn’t unattractive, and when he smiled at you, it reminded you of something… vulpine. “Oh, there’s the one from the bar.” His eyes went to Maxi. “So did you actually tell them the truth, or did you chicken out?”
    “You must be Hector,” you said quietly, and everyone’s gaze snapped to you. It was the first time you’d spoken in a minute.
    Hector looked surprised, then grinned, something sharp about it like Rora’s smile. “Oh, so you must have told them, then.” He gave you the slightest bow of his head, setting his camera on an empty shelf behind him. “The one and only, bonita.”
    You crossed the room to him, and Hector’s eyes widened in further, now delighted surprise, before looking to Maxi with a smug little chin tilt. You extended your left hand to him, as though to shake, and he took your hand gently in his, kissing the knuckles for a moment too long while never breaking eye contact with you. “And what can I do for you, gorgeous—“
    With your right hand, you slapped him as hard across the face as you could possibly manage, so loud it echoed through the ancient wood paneling of the room. “That was for Sky, you asshole.”
    Hector hissed, recoiling slightly and bringing a hand to his slapped cheek, and in a moment there was a flurry of activity over your shoulder - you were aware of rushing footsteps, and the sound of skittering bones across the floor. Maxi was behind you suddenly, quickly dragging you back against his chest and holding you there with an arm (though whether to protect you or hold you back, you weren’t entirely sure), and Rora ran to Hector’s side, checking his face with a concerned fluttering of her hand. “Will you keep your bitch on a leash?” Rora snarled, looking from you to Maxi with a furious expression. “Hexie, I’m sorry, baby, look at me—”
    “You call them that again and I’ll ruin your new windpipe, Rora,” Maxi snarled, his scalpel extended warningly in front of the pair of you. “…Sugar, what the hell?” he whispered in your ear a moment later, his threatening demeanor giving way for a moment to genuine surprise. “You coulda told me you were gonna—“
    “I don’t know where the hell you get the nerve, comin’ into our house like this,” Rora glared at you, and if looks could kill, you would’ve dropped dead right there on the carpet.
    “Hector killed their friend, Rora, he hunted them down on purpose because he knew it would piss me off.” Maxi argued. “She probably wasn’t even on his Chain—“
    “Actually,” Hector said, holding up a finger with a mocking smile, despite his still stinging cheek. “She was my eighth, so kiss my ass.”
    “You come for any of my friends again, I’ll do worse,” you said from Maxi’s arms. 
    All three of them stopped dead to look at you — Hector and Rora from where they were standing across from you, Rora’s hand still on Hector’s face, and Maxi looking concernedly down at you from where he held you tightly. There was a few seconds of silence as you glared the other two down. “I know I’m mortal,” you said quietly. “And I know I’m new at this, but I mean it. You come for any of my friends - or anyone innocent, period - and I’ll do everything I can to fuck you up one way or the other.”
    Rora’s eyes narrowed. “You little idiot,” she hissed. “You have no idea what you’re—“
    But she was cut off, as to your surprise, Hector burst out laughing. He used his other hand to hide his face as he full-on belly laughed, at one point having to double over because he was falling into hysterics. Rora and Maxi both stared, looking from Hector to each other with mild confusion. “Ow, shit,” he said at last, panting to catch his breath as he rubbed his slapped cheek fiercely. “You can’t hit me and then bust my gut like that, that’s not fair.” He giggled as he stood up straight, looking at you with a near-manic smile. “I like this one, Max,” he said, not actually looking at Maxi. “They’re cute. They’ve got some spine to them.” His tongue darted out over his lips briefly. “Must be fun.”
    “Fuck off,” Maxi said flatly, and you felt his arm around your shoulders tighten. “And they’re not kiddin’ - y’all mess with them, or their friends, or anyone you shouldn’t be messin’ with, period - and I’ll take a turn after she’s had a whack at you.” He popped his neck, and you watched as he twirled his scalpel again over his fingers, easy as breathing. “I’ll finish the job, too.”
    Hector and Rora both rolled their eyes at this, glancing at each other with the shared expressions of annoyed siblings. “…Fine,” Hector said nonetheless, glaring at Maxi and holding up the hand that wasn’t covering his face. “Fine. I’ll avoid her little pack.” 
    “You’ll keep it on the level, Hector, as long as you’re stayin’ here.” Maxi snarled. “Bad blood only while you’re in the Parish lines. And don’t tell me you can’t tell the difference, I know you can, with those ‘special eyes’ of yours,” he said this last bit with the tiniest bit of mockery - something unfamiliar on him, to you.
    “Whatever, Max, you’re just jealous because all your shit’s watered down.” Hector rolled his eyes. “That’s what being a fuckin’ goody two-shoes gets you.” His eyes cut to you, dark in a way that made your blood run briefly cool. “You’re lucky you’re Marked, querida.” He nodded to Maxi behind you. “If it wasn’t for you having my cousin whipped like you do, you’d be the first thing I’d wanna play with.”
    “Oh, please,” Rora folded her arms, looking oddly annoyed at this. “They’re just some little mortal, and Maxi’s going to end up ripping them to pieces anyway—“
    “Shut up, Rora!” Maxi said it with a viciousness that surprised you, causing you to look back over your shoulder at him as best you could.
    “Oh, I’m sorry,” Rora said with narrowed eyes. “Can’t have Reality fuckin’ up your little fantasy, can we, sweetie?”
    “I swear to god, if you don’t—“
    But Maxi’s threat was never spoken, as suddenly, every light source in the room, electric or not, all extinguished at once, plunging you all into the shockingly oppressive darkness of the old house.
    There was a pause as everyone looked up, and you felt Maxi’s arm tighten slightly around your shoulders. “…Tell me that’s you,” he said quietly, looking back to Hector.
    Hector shook his head slowly, eyes still on the ceiling. “Nah, bro. Not my magic trick.” He looked to Rora. “How ‘bout you, beautiful?” 
    Roar shook her head, folding her arms. “Not in my repertoire, no.”
    “Is it a ghost?” you asked, not really any one person in general.
    “Nah,” Hector said, frowning. “Not any here, anyway.”
    “Then we’re not alone,” Maxi murmured.
    You watched Hector lean over to silently pull a surprisingly long knife from where he had it strapped against his lower leg, and saw Rora reveal a sharpened stiletto knife from where she had it hidden somewhere under her skirt. The two of them moved slowly to either side of Maxi, each one watching a different corner of the room in silence.
    “…There’s no one else coming, right?” Hector whispered.
    “Hell, I wasn’t even expectin’ y’all,” Maxi muttered. “Could be anyone’s guess at this point.”
    “Well, who’s left alive?” Rora asked, impatient.
    Maxi snorted. “Like that makes a difference.”
    “Hey guys?” You whispered. “Is the fireplace… supposed to be doing that?”
    In your peripheral vision, you saw them all follow your gaze to the huge brick fireplace in the forefront of the room, your grip tightening on your pocket knife that now felt pitifully minuscule. An eerie blue glow had appeared from the chimney column, and seemed to be growing brighter as something descended down it, the light expanding as it fell quickly down the flue.
    “…Hold on,” Hector said softly. “Why does that look like—?”
    “Fuck,” Maxi hissed, apparently recognizing it as well. “Okay, fuck, just play it casual. Everyone pretend to be normal.” Hurriedly, he pushed you quickly behind him, and Hector and Rora closed ranks next to him in front of you.
    You could still see blue flames two feet high erupt in the fireplace as a glowing orb landed hard in the ash pit, sending up clouds of smoke and dust in a tidal wave around the brick structure itself. “MORVANTS.” An anguished, corpse-like face emerged in the center of the ball, rolling eyes with no nose and no lips stretched over bared teeth. Its voice was deep, booming from everywhere and echoing softly on the susurrus of the plural. It sounded furious.
    Maxi sighed, stepping forward slightly. “Present.” He gave it a bored bow from the shoulders.
    The ghoulish face focused on him. “MAXIMILIAN VINCENT, SON OF VINCENT ETIENNE.”
    “Unfortunately,” he muttered. Rora nudged him hard in the ribs, and he waved her off impatiently.
    “THE REAPER.”
    “Yep, still me.”
    “THEY WHO DECIDE ARE DEEPLY DISPLEASED.”
    “Humblest apologies to your Counsel, but you’re gonna have to be more specific,” Maxi deadpanned, pushing his glasses slightly up the bridge of his nose. 
    “THE MORVANT LINE HAS PROVIDED NO HEIR TO THE COUNCIL IN THE ALLOTTED QUARTER, DESPITE LIVING DESCENDANTS.” The thing boomed. “THEY WHO DECIDE ARE LEFT AGAIN WITHOUT A QUORUM. THEY DEMAND AN EXPLANATION.”
    “Look, again, humblest apologies,” Maxi said, gesturing to the parlor around the group of you. “But after my dad kicked- after my father passed,” he corrected himself. “None of us were able to complete the Ritual. And They Who Provide themselves set the Ritual in place,” He nodded to the basement beneath your feet. “So if we haven’t fulfilled our bargain with them, we can’t send anybody. That’s where things stand.”
    “THIS IS UNACCEPTABLE.”
    “I know!” Maxi held his hands up like he was genuinely sympathetic. “I know, I’m sorry, but it’s out of our—“
    “Cállate,” Hector hissed under his breath, nudging Maxi hard from the other side and stepping forward. “I’m undertaking the Ritual, your Counsel.”
    The face whirled to Hector. “HECTOR EMILE, SON OF EMILE ETIENNE. THE SUMMONER.”
    “Yeah — yes,” Hector corrected quickly, adding a hasty bow from the shoulders. “At your service, my liege.” He straightened up and shook his hair out of his eyes. “I’m very close to completing the Thirteen, your grace, I just need—“
    “IF THE RITUAL IS NOT COMPLETED, YOU ARE INELIGIBLE.”
    “Yes, I know,” Hector said, trying obviously to keep the impatience from his tone. “But I only need three—“
    “YOU ARE INELIGIBLE.”
    “Look, dude, we have two more days!” Hector snapped, his thin veneer of formality shattering fairly quickly. “I’m working on it right now, if you’d just—“
    “Hex, watch it,” Maxi muttered hurriedly, apparently more concerned about whatever this was than the long-standing enmity he’d had with his cousin.
    You were torn out of this exchange by a cool hand suddenly wrapping around your wrist - you turned, startled, to find Rora staring at you. Before you could say anything, she put a slender finger to her lips. “Go upstairs as quietly as you can,” she whispered. “Go to the last bedroom on the second floor. Cover the mirror and lock the door.”
    You stared at her for a moment before slowly shaking your head. “I’m not leaving Maxi—“
    “You’ll only make this worse for him if they see you,” she cut you off. “Get up there. Wait for one of us to come get you. And whatever you do,” she added, eyes flashing. “Do not come back down here beforehand, no matter what you hear.”
    You looked rapidly between Rora and where Maxi and Hector were arguing in whispers in front of the glowing blue spectral emissary, torn. On one hand, you couldn’t stand the idea of leaving Maxi here to deal with this thing and his family alone. On the other hand, if Rora was right…
    “Go, hon,” Rora hissed at you, making a shooing motion before quickly pushing her hair off her shoulders with the same hand and stepping forward. “I believe I might be of some service, here. All eyes turned to her as she curtsied before the blue ball of flame. “If it may please They Who Decide.”
    There was a pause, and the blue flame seemed to tilt slightly on the axis of an invisible neck. “WE DO NOT RECOGNIZE YOU.”
    “Aurore Maria, daughter of Vincent—“
    “DAUGHTER OF MATHILDE ELENA,” the ball of flame cut her off. “THE MAIDEN.”
    “The Resurrectionist, now,” Rora said coolly, and as you backed slowly towards the door, keeping your eyes upon Maxi with occasional glances to Hector and Rora. “If you don’t mind.”
    “AURORE MARIA IS DEAD.”
    “I think you’ll find I’m not,” Aurore said, giving the will o’whisp a pretty pirouette as a demonstration. “Thanks entirely to my own skill. Well, and some good timin’—“
    “YOU ARE INELIGIBLE.”
    “And when was the last time any other scion brought themselves back from the dead before they completed the Ritual? Or brought themselves back from the dead, period?” Aurore argued. You had backed almost to the staircase where you’d watched her descend earlier, watching her shoulders tighten as she drew herself up to her full height. She was beautifully striking, an intimidating figure even in front of the corpse-like face that loomed in front of her.
    “MORVANTS ARE NOT SUPPOSED TO RESURRECT THEMSELVES,” the Whisp said, its voice growing more ominous as it seemingly grew angrier. “THIS IS THE CODE.”
    “Look, your grace,” Maxi cut in quickly, stepping slightly in front of Rora. This made you freeze, despite the short space left to the staircase. You weren’t about to leave him like this. “My sister has always been… unconventional, but she hasn’t technically broken the Code—“
    “Is that really the priority?” Rora argued over Maxi’s shoulder, impatiently stepping to his side and looking furiously between him and the Whisp. “No, I didn’t break the Code. But even if I did, you need a representative. I’ve successfully completed an act of complex necromancy no one else in my lineage has ever even attempted, even before embracin’ my full threshold. How am I not the most obvious candidate?”
    “Because the Ritual’s still necessary,” Hector cut in from Maxi’s other side, bristling. “And I’m still the one closest to completing it.”
    “THAT WOULD BE THE REAPER,” The Whisp boomed.
    “I’m not—“ Maxi steepled his fingers, scrambling for an explanation. “I am… abnegatin’ my eligibility, your Counsel. My relatives—“
    “YOU ARE VINCENT’S SON. YOU ARE THE FIRST DIRECT DESCENDANT OF THE CONJUROR. YOU ARE THE OBVIOUS CHOICE.”
    The Conjuror? You’d never heard anyone call Maxi’s dad that before. Not that Maxi talked about Vincent much, except to occasionally enlighten you on what an asshole he was. But then again, you’d never heard his title either. 
    The Reaper. It didn’t suit the man you loved - at least, not the way you knew him. You wondered if it had before, during the parts of his life he was… less inclined to tell you about.
    “And I forfeit my right to consideration,” Maxi said, straightening his shoulders. “I’m not the one you want.”
    “IT IS NOT YOURS TO SURRENDER.”
    “Your Grace, I really must insist on putting myself forward,” Rora said again, folding her arms. “Especially if my twin has refused.”
    “And I’m still the one closest to meeting the requirements set down by They Who Provide,” Hector jumped in. “I may be Emile’s son, but I still—“
    “ENOUGH.” 
    An explosion of blue flame threatened to consume the entire room. To your horror, blue spectral tendrils shot forward, locking around the necks of each of the three Morvants and pulling roughly so they were each forced to kneel. Maxi kept his hands clenched into fists at his sides, and Rora was gripping hard onto her own upper arms, but from the way Hector was clawing at the fire around his neck, his own hands firing sparks a deep violet color when they collided, it looked like the tendrils were burning each of them.
    “CONSIDER THIS A SUMMONS.” The will-o’whisp’s voice echoed back a hundredfold from the ancient house, reverberating in the very rafters. “PRESENT YOURSELVES TO THE COUNCIL AT SUNDOWN, ALL HALLOW’S EVE. IF A CANDIDATE DOES NOT MAKE THEMSELVES CLEAR IN THE AGREED MANNER… THEY WHO PROVIDE WILL MAKE THEIR OWN SELECTION.”
    A sound of something massive coming loose grated ominously from the basement of the House. Like the very foundations were shifting beneath your feet. You stared down, frozen in terror as you wondered what could possibly be moving down there.
    …It was only when the room fell suddenly silent, everything ceasing to move at once, that you looked up again.
    Maxi was staring at you in wide-eyed terror, petrified. Hector and Rora on either side of him didn’t look much better, Hector looking deeply nervous, Rora looking the closest thing to afraid you’d ever seen in your brief time together.
    It was then you realized that the Will-o’Whisp was staring at you from where it hovered over the fireplace.
    Before you could move, it hovered towards you, the fire seeming to elongate as it crossed the room… and, strangely, seemed to take on the shape of a human body. You were even more surprised when a flesh-and-bone person, a pale man with thick dark hair and a hawkish nose, stepped from the blue flames in an immaculately cut bespoke black suit, the fabric seeming to glow blue as it moved. 
    As the man approached you, you tried to step back, to straighten up - only to find your feet were sealed to the floor. You looked down, seeing blue flames glowing around your boots, and realized with a sick feeling that you had, indeed, been trapped. 
    The man’s eyes were impressively dark, but not warm like Maxi’s or Hector’s. He circled you, watching you down his aquiline nose the entire time, his lips poised against his teeth like he didn’t know whether to be repulsed or intrigued.
    “Well, well, well…” he said softly, arching an eyebrow. “You don’t look like a Morvant.” He stopped in front of you, tilting his head in a way that made you feel like you were under a microscope. “So what are you?” 
    You swallowed, trying to shove down your nerves, and opened your mouth to speak — but before you could, he waved a hand over your head, causing a number of symbols you couldn’t recognize to appear written above you in thin tendrils of blue flame. With an almost bored tone, the man read your full name, your birth year - even your hometown, just from the strange glyphs hovering in the air. “So, little one,” he said, waving another hand to cause them to diminish into smoke. “What are you doing here, of all places?” One delicate eyebrow arched. “Where mortals definitely shouldn’t be?”
    “She’s ours,” Hector blurted.
    “She’s with us,” Rora corrected immediately.
    “She’s mine,” Maxi said, with just a touch of bite in his emphasis. He shot the other two a withering look before glaring at the back of the man in front of you. “She’s mine. Your grace,” he added through slightly gritted teeth.
    “We’ll see,” The Man in Blue said, waving a hand dismissively. Maxi looked annoyed enough to try to get back to his feet, but Hector and Rora each clamped a hand on his shoulder to hold him in place. 
    You faced the Man in Blue with as much of a poker face as you could manage, trying to shoot Maxi a reassuring glance over the man’s shoulder. “I’m… I’m with Maximilian.” His full name felt just slightly odd on your tongue, but what followed felt even odder. “I’m The Reaper’s.” Your eyes found his again over the Man’s shoulder, and you noted a flash of pain on his face when you used the title. Hector and Rora both just watched you nervously -  Rora trying to maintain an aloof poker face, Hector’s tongue nervously darting out over his lip.
    “So you say.” The Man sounded almost bored, lifting the wrist of your dominant hand that still held your knife. He snapped his fingers, and a shot of blue sparks that traveled down the blade itself and over the handle made you yelp softly, sending said knife clattering to the floor.
    “That’s not necessary,” Maxi growled, again trying to get up.
    “Hush,” The Man waved a hand again, and the fire tendril still around Maxi’s neck pulled him back down, slamming both his knees to the floor. You stood on your toes, trying to get a better look to make sure he wasn’t seriously hurt, but the Man in front of you yanked on your wrist to bring you back down to the floor. He turned your wrist over in his hand, looking at you with impossibly dark eyes for a long moment before tapping a single fingertip with a dark cobalt nail to the skin of your wrist. 
    You winced, expecting it to hurt… but instead, something else happened.
    Red sparks pushed stubbornly back against the blue that were fighting to envelop your wrist, and something - a rune, a sign, a glyph, something comprised of very sharp lines you didn’t recognize - spread across your veins like a boundary, glowing even brighter red than the blue that slid uselessly around all sides of it. 
    The Man hummed quietly with interest, his finger traveling down your arm - and wherever it went, you could swear you felt nothing, as if the red sparks were standing between your skin and his. “…Well,” he said at last, looking at you with something between surprise and annoyance. “So you are, aren’t you?”
    Over his shoulder, Maxi looked wildly relieved, Rora’s mouth was just slightly ajar, and Hector, if anything, looked a bit confused, looking from Maxi to you as though you were somehow unfamiliar again despite the brief time you’d been acquainted.
    You straightened up slightly, trying not to look too cocky, but this time not afraid to meet his eyes. “So I am.” You had no idea when that had gotten there, but if it pissed him off, you’d take that to be a good thing.
    The Man dropped your hand as thought suddenly bored with it. “So bring her too.”
     Maxi’s expression immediately changed to one of troubled shock. “…I’m sorry?”
    The Man in Blue turned back to the three Morvants, walking away from you and towards the fireplace again. “Bring her. Tomorrow. To the Masquerade.” He looked over his shoulder at you, and something about his expression made your skin crawl. “We can’t have them missing all the fun, of course.”
    “My liege,” Rora spoke up from where she was still kneeling back to Maxi. “That’s… that’s hardly necessary, wouldn’t you think?”
    “No, not at all,” The Man said, walking by her without even a glance in her direction - which, for some reason, annoyed you deeply. “They might even help with the Selection process. Who’s to say?” He stepped up into their fireplace. “…Oh, and bring your fifth as well, just in case.” He said, picking some invisible lint off his sleeve. “Once he’s feeling up to it, anyway. They Who Decide would like to see him as well.”
    “…Who?” Hector asked, brow furrowed.
    “Farewell, Morvants,” The Man said, fixing all of you with an odd, almost gloating expression. “Here’s to keeping it interesting.” And without another word, the blue flames climbed his body again, and he disappeared in a flash that left you blinking away spots in the darkness of the House for a moment.
    As soon as he was gone, you were running over to the Morvants. “Maxi? Are you guys okay?”
    Maxi sat back on his feet, rubbing at the skin of his neck with a wince. “It’s okay, darlin’. Pierre’s always been a fuckin’ showoff.” When you reached him, as you went to kneel next to him, he instead held a hand up as he got to his feet. “We’re fine.” He immediately took the wrist Pierre had held into his hands, looking concernedly between it and your eyes. “Are you alright?”
    “Fine,” you said, shaking your head in confusion. “That didn’t… nothing hurt. Not like you guys.”
    “I hate that guy,” Hector muttered, both hands circling his own neck for a moment. “He was always such a fucking prick when we were younger. They should’ve just picked someone new when he croaked.”
    “What, and waste a perfectly good sadist?” Rora sighed, rubbing her knees before standing up with a slight wince. She looked to Maxi, frowning. “So when’d you learn to brand somebody?”
    “I didn’t,” Maxi said, sounding defensive as he was still nervously looking over your arm. “Or at least…” he paused, looking to you with the very slightest hint of fear in his eyes. “Not on purpose.”
    “It’s fine, babe,” you said, your free hand covering his where it held your arm. “I think it, um. Was like a shield, or something, against whatever that Pierre dick was using.”
    “Oof,” Rora sighed, glancing at you before looking at Maxi again. “You have a lot to catch them up on, and not a lot of time.”
    “I didn’t think it would come to this,” Maxi shot back, looking at her. 
    “Lots of things about this,” Rora said, gesturing in a lazy circle to both of you. “Make me think you didn’t think, Waxy dearest.” She sized you up again, and you felt heat rush back to your cheeks. “But I get it.”
    “Can you not right now?” Maxi muttered, sounding exhausted. You hugged his waist, trying to be reassuring, and he loosely hugged your shoulders.
    “I’m still stuck on that last cryptic-ass thing he said,” Hector frowned, still rubbing his neck with a wince. “What did he mean, ‘your fifth’?”
    “…I don’t know.” Maxi looked to Rora. “When you were a ghost, was there someone here I didn’t know about?”
    “I mean… no,” Rora said, shaking her head as she folded her arms. “I mean, not besides—“
    Footsteps echoing up the basement stairs seemed to answer the question lingering in the air, and you all turned immediately towards the kitchen door. Maxi moved you behind him again, adjusting his grip on his scalpel, and Hector again picked up the long knife he’d been keeping under his jeans before he was brought down. Rora, however, made no move to pick up her own weapon, her face a curious mix of hope and mild dread.
    The footsteps entered the kitchen, the click of brisk steps in a man’s dress shoes seemed to cause a chain reaction through each of the assembled Morvants - Hector’s eyes widened, and you saw him loosen his grip on the hilt of his blade. Rora gasped, delighted, her hands flying to cover her mouth.
    Maxi, next to you, nearly seemed to flinch, his arm going positively rigid under your grip - out of fear or anger, it was hard to tell.
    A man in a suit two decades out of fashion with about as much dust into the room, rolling his head on his neck so it popped loudly, as if back into place. His steps were somewhat unsteady, as if he was learning how to balance again after a long time without. The flesh on his skull looked like it was undergoing the most rapid skin graft you’d ever seen in your life, patches of it shedding, blooming red with the new musculature, and eventually turning into the slightly leathery skin of a man in his mid-to-late fifties. Though the thick dark hair took a moment to appear, it was the reformation of the nose and the particular tilt of the re-fleshed jaw that suddenly made your blood run cold.
    You realized, now, what you were seeing was a family resemblance.
    Vincent Morvant strode into the room, running his hand through his hair and smirking like a cat who just ate the canary. “Oh,” he sighed, looking around the foyer. “What a treat, to actually walk around inside my own house again.” His eyes roved over the four of you. “But what, pray tell, do I find living here?” You supposed you could see how some might have found him charming. He had the confident smile of a charismatic pastor, and a voice like melted butter. But something about him felt like oil in a way you couldn’t explain - a bit of shine in the right light, or a slickness that just felt… wrong, somehow, in the bone altar of your skull. Like how the House had felt too dark, something of that was echoed in the man standing before you.
    Off to the side, you could see Hector watching with wide eyes, an unreadable expression on his face. He glanced quietly at Maxi, once, then at you, before his gaze flicked to Rora - and at last, you could identify an element of concern.
    Rora positively squealed in delight, running over immediately to throw her arms around his neck. “Daddy! I missed you so much!”
    Vincent frowned for a moment as he caught her in a hug, not recognizing the young woman calling him Daddy. “I… well, I’m sure I missed you too, Missy.” He said, his voice lowering to a purr. Off to the side, you saw Hector bristling, his hands clenching into fists at his sides. “Would you mind reminding me of–” He paused, his hand frozen as he turned Rora’s chin up to look at him. “…Of,” he said slowly, his brow furrowing. “…Aurore?”
    Rora grinned, nodding. “I told you I’d come back, Daddy.” She gestured to her new body. “Took me a minute, but I got here.”
    Vincent blinked, eyes wide. “Well, I’ll be damned,” he breathed. “You are, aren’t you?” His shocked expression turned back into another smug grin. “But you always were my daughter, weren’t you?”
    Hector scowled, but his gaze lingered on Aurore, clearly torn as you both saw the unbridled joy in her eyes.
     As Aurore was happily reuniting with her father, Maxi was the palest you’d ever seen him, despite the stalwart poker face he wore. He was gripping his scalpel handle so tightly the blade shook in his hand, and for a moment, it crossed your mind to just take him and run - run as far away from here as you both could get, no looking back, to hell with the Parish and They Who Provide and everything else.
    Vincent, as if hearing your thoughts, looked over Rora’s shoulder at you with the same dark eyes you saw echoed in your beloved’s face… and then looked to Maxi. What stretched across his face was, you supposed on some level, a grin… but it made your blood run cold with how much anger was hiding in the teeth. “Max. My boy.” He gently shoved Rora away from him, despite her startled face, and as Vincent walked towards his son, Hector moved quickly to Rora’s side. As he leaned over, whispering to her, she waved him away, scowling.
    “We have… so much to talk about, you and I.” Vincent’s grin was turning more and more into a baring of teeth as he moved to where Maxi stood, as if frozen to the floor. “Like just where you get off killing me, exactly.”
    You paused, looking between Maxi and Vincent and back again. Did you know this? Had he told you this? A sinking feeling in your gut told you no, but somehow, the longer you looked at Vincent, the more you couldn’t tell if you were horrified at this accusation, or moreso at the fact that you’d never seen him look this scared.
    “Hey, Dad.” Maxi said, doing his damnedest to keep his voice level, and you could hear it. “Long time no see.” He paused, seeming to weigh his next words - before moving so abruptly, you would’ve missed him punching Vincent right in the newly restructured nose if you hadn’t heard the crack of the impact… and something fleshy tearing.
    Vincent roared in pain, doubling over with both hands to his face before standing up to face Maxi with furious eyes, and a brand new gaping hole where his nose had been. “How fucking dare you, you insolent little– Damn it!”
    A rattling sound between everyone’s feet caused you to look down just in time to see Magnolia skittering across the floor, batting the fleshy bloody remnant of Vincent’s nose around like it was a wine cork for her to play with.
    “That damned cat? Again?” In a fury, he turned on Rora. “You brought that back too? Really? I told you to get rid of it the first time.”
    Rora hesitated. “I… well, yeah. It’s just… it’s just a cat, Daddy.” She laughed, but you immediately realized it sounded nervous.
    “‘It’s just a cat’ - well, I guess we all had to start with something ridiculous to do something worthwhile,” Vincent said, his voice a near sneer. “Now go do somethin’ useful and get my nose back.”
    Rora’s eyes were changing in front of you, a confused hurt there - like this wasn’t how she had pictured this happening.
    “Well?” Vincent snapped again, and Rora turned, immediately walking off after where Magnolia had run. Hector remained in place, glaring venomously, and Vincent looked back to him as if doing a double take. “…You look familiar. Do I know you?”
    “Uncle V,” Hector said, his attempt at a smile a mere grimace. “I see you’re… back.” When Vincent continued staring at him, perplexed, he looked like he was restraining himself from rolling his eyes. “It’s Hector.”
    “Oh! Emile’s boy.” Vincent nodded. “But you do favor your mother, don’t you?” Without waiting for an answer, he waved a hand dismissively. “Glad to see you survived to adulthood, I wasn’t sure there for a minute.”
    Hector looked for a moment like he was sorely considering spitting at Vincent’s feet, before shooting Maxi a look that was very nearly apologetic, and stalking off after Rora.
    “You,” He hissed, whipping around to face Maxi again. “You have some brass ones on you, son, after what you did to me–”
    “I have never felt less sorry for anythin’.” Maxi said flatly. “And I’m not about to start.”
    “Then why don’t I give you somethin’ to be sorry about, then?” Vincent popped his neck, in a gesture that weirdly echoed Maxi’s own, and began to advance on him.
    You stepped in front of Maxi, staring up into the noseless face of the man in front of you. “Hi, heard a lot about you,” you said quietly, drawing yourself up as much as you could. “Fuck all the way off.”
    Vincent’s eyes went to you, unchanging for a moment before they finally looked mildly surprised. “…And you are?”
    “Going to fuck your face up some more if you don’t step the fuck back,” you said, packing ice in every word. Okay. So he was a resurrected necromancer. But also, he was not about to talk to Maxi like that, whether Maxi murdered him or not.
    Vincent blinked, looking at you like you were a lamb stomping its hoof at a wolf - before he grinned to match, in an unsettling show of teeth. “I don’t believe we’ve been acquainted.” He looked you over long and slow, sizing you up. “You’re an… interesting little morsel.” His eyes cut to Maxi behind you. “This yours?”
    “Yes,” you said without a moment’s hesitation, right as Maxi said, “They’re their own.” You paused, looking over your shoulder at him, and he gave you a small, grateful smile. He wrapped his arms defensively around your shoulders, and the two of you turned back to Vincent.
    Vincent rolled his eyes at this, looking between the two of you. “Well.” He looked back to Maxi, smirking slightly. “I never thought I’d see the day for you.” His eyes fell to yours briefly. “Enjoy it while it lasts,” he gave Maxi a last, meaningful look, and you felt him tense behind you. “We both know it never does.”
    His eyes returned again to you. “Enchante, cherie.” With a last toothy smile - revealing gums that were still a deathly shade of gray - he stalked off. “Aurore! I told you to find my nose, damn it, not LaFitte’s treasure!”
    As soon as he was out of the room, you felt Maxi exhale shakily behind you, and you immediately turned to look at him. “Do you want to go?”
    After a moment, wordlessly, he nodded, still staring after his father like he’d seen the very worst ghost one could come across.
  
    Chapter Text
    

Maxi had ended up driving the Hearse back to your place not long after… everything.You had tried - genuinely. You had wanted to be able to let him just sit in the passenger’s seat and think, after everything, considering he was usually the one who did the driving between the pair of you. You’d even pulled the keys from his pocket as the two of you had hustled out of the House before anyone had noticed your absence, strode over to the driver’s side, and made every attempt to back up and pull out once the two of you were safely inside.But by your third attempt or so, and nearly taking out one of the pillars on the wraparound porch (after threatening the hedges within an inch of your lives a moment before) Maxi had reached over, gently covering one of your hands on the steering wheel with his.“I’ll take it from here, darlin’.” He still looked wan and shaken, but there had been the tiniest hint of a smile at the corners of his mouth. Okay, so he was still somewhat himself, at least.He was driving back to yours a bit too fast and cutting a bit too close around the corners of the winding backroad, but you weren’t about to call attention to it. He was staring out the windshield, and you could tell he was only half seeing the road in front of you. Part of him was still very much rooted to the spot in the foyer, but how much, you weren’t entirely sure yet.You sat on your side of the car, trying hard not to stare at him, but not sure how to look at anything else right now. You found your thumb tracing the wrist that man - Pierre, they’d called him - had examined earlier, making the symbol hidden on your skin stand out in blistering red light. The lines had been jagged, sharp - looking almost like two Ms intertwined. Like interlocking gator’s teeth. You didn’t remember a moment when it had got there - Maxi liked your wrists, sure, but he was far more obsessed with other parts of you when you were alone - so you were left to wonder. He said he hadn’t known how it got there either. Did it just bloom there of its own accord? Did it bother him, that this was on you, tying you to him for… however long this sort of thing lasted? You wanted to think no, he wouldn’t be — you knew he loved you. Of course he did. But after how useless you’d felt, standing in the room with people powerful enough to bring themselves and others back from the dead, with just your little beating heart and your—Wait a minute.You paused, tracing your thumb past the spot again. There was something there - a feeling? A sensation. Something pushing back against your thumb, as if from the inside of your skin. A pulse.‘Well, no shit,’ you thought to yourself. But no, hold on. This was… something else? Experimentally, you felt your own pulse just underneath the marked place, slightly faster than usual considering but still fairly steady. Then you swiped your thumb over where your mark would be again, and —There. A second pulse. Quick and strong, thrumming fiercely as if trying to beat its way out of your wrist. A solid thud, something familiar, something you’d felt before. Maybe underneath your… palm.You looked down at your wrist where your mark would be, then to Maxi, and back again, your eyes widening. Was that — was that his pulse? Could you feel his pulse in your wrist?“Hey,” you said softly. “Can I borrow one of your hands?”Maxi extended his right arm to you without taking his eyes off the road. You took it gently, trying to figure out how to do this for a moment before setting his upturned wrist in your lap. Taking a soft breath, as if to clear your head, you set two fingers on the inside of his wrist, timing his pulse with your phone on your thigh. Okay. So you had his. Then you took your own - definitely different, definitely slower, probably because of way less adrenaline or re-ruptured trauma. Then, carefully, you pressed your fingers back to the spot that had been illuminated on your skin.The beat matched Maxi’s pulse exactly.For a moment, you just went back and forth between the two, touching his wrist and then yours again a couple times to make sure you weren’t losing your mind. But no, there it was, just as present in your skin now as it was in his.“…You wanna tell me what you’re doin’?”You looked over to Maxi, finding him staring at you out of the corner of his eye with a slightly puzzled expression.“I…” You paused, looking from him to his arm and back again as you tried to figure out just how to explain this. “It’s kinda weird.” You lifted his hand to your lips briefly, kissing the back of it. “You can have this back now, thanks.”“Weird-good or weird-bad?” He retracted his arm, looking at you over the tops of his glasses with a more concerned expression. “Please tell me it’s not weird-bad,” he added quietly, looking slightly exhausted.“No, not bad,” you said quickly, shaking your head. “It’s just… I was feeling that spot that dude Pierre lit up on me, earlier—““Fuckin’ Pierre,” Maxi muttered, scowling. “That guy was an asshole when he was our tutor, and he hasn’t changed a bit.”You paused, confused. “…Okay, so I’m not the best at math,” you said slowly. “But I could’ve sworn you guys looked close to the same age.”Maxi shook his head. “He’s ages older than us. Or he should be. Kicked it a while back. But rather than let him just die,” he said, sounding annoyed. “They Who Decide asked…” He paused, as if choking on his sentence for a moment, before exhaling softly. “Asked my dad,” he continued. “To make him a revenant. They didn’t want to bother trainin’ anyone else to do his job, since he had it so long.”You frowned. “I thought you guys couldn’t resurrect people. Like, it was the Code or something.”“No, that’s just ourselves,” Maxi shook his head again. “Hell, that’s why they’re pissed we haven’t sent anyone to New Orleans since my dad died — they usually keep us around just to bring back anyone important to tip the scales for them one way or another. But god forbid we use that magic on ourselves or any of our blood, because then we might be gettin’ ideas above our station.” He sounded almost bored with this. “You can’t have a Resurrectionist who sticks around forever, because then they’re not as suggestible, when you need them to be. They know better.” He paused, his eyes suddenly going wide for a moment. “I’m sorry, sugar,” he said softly, looking annoyed with himself  before he looked to you apologetically. “You were tryin’ to tell me somethin’ before I just started goin’ off at the mouth.”“It’s fine, babe,” you said, watching his face to again see the events of the day so far etch themselves under his eyes. “It’s not anything huge, it’s just…” He glanced at you again, and you shrugged. “We can talk when we get inside.”“Hm?” Maxi glanced from you to the windshield, quickly stepping on the brakes before he drove past your driveway. Despite parking the hearse much more smoothly than you ever could, you could still see he wasn’t quite with you in the car.Once you were both out, you took his hand, gently pulling him to your front porch and unlocking your front door. “C’mon, baby.”Maxi let you lead him inside and pull him over to your couch in your living room, where you immediately kicked off your boots, flopped over onto your back onto the soft cushions, and held out your arms expectantly. “Come here.”The tiniest hint of a smile pulled at a corner of Maxi’s mouth, despite his obvious exhaustion, and he joined you in ditching his shoes. Far more carefully than you had fallen backwards onto the couch, he sat down next to you, before letting you tug him over so his head was on your chest. Your fingers immediately combed through his hair, and you felt him exhale deeply as he laid his ear over your heart.“…I’m sorry,” he said softly, barely more than a whisper. “Don’t,” you said quietly, kissing the top of his head. “I asked to go.”“I know,” he said, nodding against your chest. “But I was also apologizin’ to her.” He gestured to your bookshelf, where your great aunt’s ashes were resting in their silver box. “She’s pretty pissed at me, gettin’ you wrapped up in all this.”“Oh,” you found yourself laughing a little, following his gaze out of habit. “Yeah, that sounds like–” You trailed off, your words dying in your throat. There was a… definite shape, looming in front of your bookshelf. Nothing frightening, truly, but its unexpectedness startled you, after everything that had just happened. It was shorter than you or Maxi, but the perfect height for your great aunt Lula, when she could still stand. You could make out a head, shoulders, arms that looked folded, but it kept sliding in and out of focus - like an old-fashioned television, where the picture would occasionally hiccup if it needed its settings adjusted. At some points as you stared, you thought you could make out the soft rounded shape of a fuzzy woven beanie, like the one you had given your great aunt before she passed when she was steadily losing her hair. At other times, when you lost that detail, you thought you could make out a hint of movement on the floor… like the tapping of a foot.“What is it?” Maxi sat up quickly, looking to you with wide concerned eyes, and you looked back to him, realizing you’d left him hanging. “I’m sorry,” you said quickly, setting a hand soothingly on his shoulder. “I’m sorry, baby, it’s fine. Everything’s fine. I just…” You looked back to the shadow, at times opaque and at others translucent in the span of mere seconds. “I think I can… see her? Sort of?”Maxi blinked, looking from your face to the shape in the corner, and back again. He leaned closer to you, examining your eyes with intense scrutiny as though something in them could have changed. “Were you ever able to see her before?”“No,” you shook your head, letting him search your face. “But this isn’t her, completely. This is just… a shadow, kind of. And it’s like I can’t keep it in focus.”Maxi gave a soft, anxious hum, and you could feel his fingers moving on the couch cushion. “Well, that’s… new.” You could tell he was trying his best to keep cool about this, but the way he was worrying his lip with his teeth would have given him away if his fingers hadn’t. His eyes widened again abruptly as he seemed to remember something. “What were you gonna tell me? In the car?”“Oh! Right,” you nodded, suddenly wondering if this was a good idea. He already seemed nervous… would this new revelation just upset him?But the way he was staring at you, dark eyes full of worry, you didn’t know how you could not tell him and not expect him to decide it must be the worst possible scenario. “So, I don’t think it’s a big deal,” you said, your voice soft and calm in hopes of inspiring the same. “But I noticed when I ran my thumb across the… my…” You paused, trying to figure out how the phrase this. “Across the place on me Pierre lit up. Where he said you’d left a mark,” And as soon as it was out of your mouth, Maxi’s brow only furrowed further. “I think,” you went on, patiently putting a hand over his heart. “I think when I put my thumb there, I feel your heartbeat alongside mine.”Maxi blinked, looking openly puzzled. “…Wait, like… in you?” He frowned, looking down at your wrist. “Does that… feel okay? Is it makin’ you uncomfortable?” He said it with such concern, you wondered if he’d try to stop his own heart if he thought it was upsetting you.“It’s fine,” you said, your free hand coming up to cup his face to look at you. “Maxi, it’s fine. It’s totally okay, not a big deal. I just… I don’t know,” you shrugged a shoulder, not sure how to phrase this. “I just thought it was…” You bit your lip, trying to figure out how this wasn’t going to sound even weirder. “Nice. Kind of.”Maxi raised an eyebrow a fraction, looking as confused as you would have expected. “You what now?”“It’s reassuring,” you tried again. “It doesn’t overwhelm mine, or replace it, but it’s… there. Here,” you turned your wrist over, taking one of his hands in your free one. You set his fingers gently where your pulse was. “Here’s mine, right?” Maxi nodded, the worry on his face easing slightly as he found yours thrumming steadily where it should be.“And then…” You moved his fingers down about an inch. “Totally different, right?”Maxi frowned slightly, but it was more out of concentration than anything else. Slowly, with his free hand, he lifted two fingers to the pulse in his neck, holding them there a moment for comparison. You knew he realized they were synced when you saw his expression grow steadily more nervous, looking down at your wrist and then at you. “I don’t think it’s anything bad,” you said, trying to reassure him again. “It’s just… new, right? And even Hector said I was marked, before Pierre showed up.” You shrugged. “I don’t know how it happened, but it’s there now.”“I swear I didn’t do this on purpose,” Maxi said hurriedly. “I didn’t even know I could, I promise, I would never put this on you without— no, what am I sayin’, I would never put this on you. Period.” He shook his head, starting to look a bit overwhelmed. “I’m so sorry.” He looked away for a moment, blinking furiously, and your chest ached as you realized how hard he was trying to keep it together. “I never should’ve taken you over there. I should’ve known better.”“Hey,” you said softly, gently nudging his shoulder. “I asked. You took me over because I asked you to. Because I had a bone to pick with Hector, remember?”Maxi actually let himself smile for the briefest moment, as weak as it was. “You weren’t kiddin’.” He looked back at you, eyes warm with a mix of pride and affection despite his concern. “I kinda wish you’d told me before you’d slapped him, though.”“Why, so you could talk sense into me?” you teased.“Nah,” he shook his head. “So I could’ve got a photo.”You giggled, leaning your forehead against his, and for a moment you were just yourselves again. You lingered there, letting your hand intertwine with the fingers of his left in hopes of stilling them, and he gave it the slightest squeeze, seeming to relax a little.“Look,” you said quietly. “We can handle this. All of this.” You held his hand steadfastly in your own. “Whatever happens, I’m not going anywhere, okay?”Maxi closed his eyes, his shoulders sagging, but he didn’t pull away from you. “You shouldn’t have to deal with this,” he said softly. “They’re my family. They should be my problem, not yours.”“Maxi,” you said, leaning back slightly so you could meet his eyes. “I promise I don’t want to be anywhere but with you, okay? And if that means dealing with your family, it means dealing with your family. Whatever that looks like.” You squeezed his hand again. “I told you about how…I didn’t know if soulmates didn’t exist,” you swallowed. “Or maybe I just wasn’t… one of the people who was supposed to have one. And I spent a long time making peace with that. Y’know, some people just… are meant to be alone, and that’s okay. But then I met you.” You let yourself smile at the soft, surprised warmth in his eyes. “And if the closest I ever get to a soulmate is from a family of cursed necromancers… well, yeah, it’s more than a little unexpected.” You gestured loosely with your free hand. “But if it means I get to keep you, then I’m not going to be afraid.”Maxi looked at you for a long moment before looking back down at his knees. “…I spent so long thinkin’ this was it,” he said softly. “That it would just be me, in this town, dealin’ with this life and these demons until I died alone in that fuckin’ House and it devoured me too. I didn’t see a point, tryin’ to find anyone else… real, who I wanted to stay. Because how could I justify that? Askin’ someone to stay with me in a world this dark, with Death in every corner, when they could easily find someone else and just be… alive?” He shook his head, his eyes still downcast. “It just… felt obvious. I didn’t even want this. Why would anyone choose this if they didn’t have to?” A smile pulled at the corner of his mouth, and when he looked at you, his eyes were slightly too bright from unshed tears. “Then who comes waltzin’ into the cemetery but this… person,” he said quietly. “Who seemed just as comfortable there as I did. And never once pulled away from me, or what I did. Or what I could do. Even when you had every right to.” He shook his head slightly. “I don’t think you realize, darlin’, just how certain I was that I couldn’t have this. How long I didn’t let myself even dream about it, because it just hurt too much — whether I admitted it to myself or not.” He laughed, but it was a slightly broken sound. “And then there you were. And sometimes I still get scared I’m goin’ to wake up.”You pulled him into a hug, your hand tangling in his hair and hiding your face in his neck for a moment. “There’s no place dark enough to ever make me leave you,” you said softly, your voice muffled by his shoulder. “They’re going to have to bury us together, because even death won’t be enough.”“I’d rather spend eternity in a tomb with you than one day aboveground when I couldn’t call you mine,” Maxi murmured, his lips against your hair.You pressed your forehead to his again, moving to kiss him — when you both paused, your phone buzzing insistently in your pocket. “Nope,” you said, taking your phone hastily out of your pocket to silence it and tossing it over your shoulder, before tugging Maxi by the collar of his shirt into a kiss. You could feel him smiling for a moment against your lips, before you bit gently onto his lower lip and he pressed one hand to your lower back with a soft hum. You had him to yourself maybe a minute more before your phone began buzzing again insistently, and the two of you dissolved into frustrated laughter.“Just answer it,” he sighed, his hand smoothing over your hair. “I’ll take my time with you after you get rid of them.”“Sorry,” you giggled sheepishly, glancing briefly at the caller ID - and pausing, finding it to be an unknown number. You hesitated a moment, your natural avoidance instincts kicking in, before you reluctantly swiped to answer. “Hello?”“Hey, Querida,” Hector’s smooth voice traveled over the phone line. “Don’t hang up, okay?” He sounded the tiniest bit nervous, behind his usual casual calm. “And maybe don’t tell my cousin who it is, either. At least, not yet.”You felt your brow furrow. “Um. Hi.” You scrambled for a moment, trying to decide how to play this. “…Why call me?”“Max wouldn’t pick up if I tried his,” Hector said. “…Not that he maybe doesn’t have a good reason,” he added, sounding slightly sheepish - an emotion you would’ve thought impossible for him, based on your brief time together. “But, um, I also need to talk to you, specifically.”“Oh.” You blinked. “…What’s up?” You hoped you sounded less confused than you felt.“So, uh.” Hector took a deep breath. “I would maybe understand why you might, possibly, tell me to go fuck myself, but just hear me out because I swear I have a good reason for asking.”“…Okay?” You felt apprehension building in your stomach, wondering what on earth Hector could possibly want from you.Hector paused for a long moment. “Look, I get why you’d be mad at me, and that’s fine, I’m not gonna pretend I don’t, because that would be stupid,” he said, the words tumbling out all in a rush when he did finally speak. “But believe me when I say I’m prepared to get on my knees to beg you to let me and Rora crash with you and Max. Vince keeps making Rora cry, and if he keeps making Rora cry, I’m a hundred percent going to lose my cool and beat him to death before we go before the Council later, and we’re already in enough trouble, between the no scion thing and the You thing and the Rora bringing herself back thing—““Dude,” you tried to jump in, but he was still desperately trying to make his case.“Look, you have every right to hate my guts, and Max probably has more than a little reason to hate my guts, and I get that, but I swear on my mom’s life I’ll be on my best behavior the whole time, and Rora— well, okay, I can’t control Rora, but please, you gotta believe me, I’ll do my best for the both of us—““Dude,” you cut in again, louder this time. “Just… hold on a sec.” You looked at Maxi, who was  frowning concernedly into space but still trying to valiantly pretend he wasn’t eavesdropping on your end of the conversation. You sighed, turning in the opposite direction towards the door to your house for a moment. “When you get here, I want you to apologize for being a dick to him, whatever it is you did. Her too. And I want you to tell me where you hid my friend,” you added quickly. “So we can give her back to her parents, at least. We’ll… we’ll sort out the rest later.” You swallowed, not sure if you should feel like a traitor to Sky’s memory or not. “…And bring Maggie,” you added in a whisper. “I think it might… help, I don’t know.”“You’re a goddamn saint, you know that?” Hector’s relief was audible. “Muchas muchas gracias, bonita, I swear—““Okay, just- it’s fine,” you said quickly. “Just shoot me a text when you’re in my driveway, okay?”“Claro,” Hector said, and you could practically see him nodding frantically. “I promise, you won’t even— well, okay, you’ll know we’re there, but it’ll be chill, you know? I can even make dinner before we go if you want, I’m a good cook—““We’ll talk about it when you get here,” you said, unable not to smile just a little. “Just keep me posted.”“Gracias, prima,” Hector said again, and you could swear he kissed the phone before he hung up.When you turned back to Maxi, he had completely abandoned all pretension of not hearing you. “Tell me that wasn’t who I think it was.”“…They want to come stay with us,” you said slowly. “Because your dad’s being a dick to Rora.”“Dad was always a dick to Rora,” Maxi muttered bitterly. “She was just too much of a Daddy’s girl to notice, when it wasn’t convenient. Hell, he was a dick to both of us.”“I believe you,” you said, placing a hand over his. “But Hector thinks it’ll be better if he doesn’t beat Vincent to death before we go… wherever the Council is.” You paused, realizing you didn’t actually know.“New Orleans.” Maxi sighed. “We’ll have to head there before sundown.”“…Oh.” You took a moment to absorb this. “Well, they’re on their way, and he swears up and down he’ll behave himself. And maybe Rora, too. I know this isn’t ideal,” you added, seeing Maxi’s deeply sour expression. “But if it means we have that much less shit stacked against us when we get there, then I’m willing to loan them my guest room and my couch.”“…I suppose you’re right,” Maxi said after a moment, with a resigned sigh. “But he better damn well mean it when he says he’ll behave.” He shot a look towards the shadow of your great aunt in the corner. “If she weren’t already dead, I’d worry the three of us would send her into a rage heart attack.”“It’ll be fine,” you soothed, leaning over to kiss his cheek. “We can survive anything for a night, right?”Maxi hummed softly, a noise of doubt or agreement, you couldn’t quite tell. “…We’ll figure it out,” he said at last, taking your hand in his.You would have to, with what was to waiting for you all that particular night.
 
  Maxi had ended up driving the Hearse back to your place not long after… everything.You had tried - genuinely. You had wanted to be able to let him just sit in the passenger’s seat and think, after everything, considering he was usually the one who did the driving between the pair of you. You’d even pulled the keys from his pocket as the two of you had hustled out of the House before anyone had noticed your absence, strode over to the driver’s side, and made every attempt to back up and pull out once the two of you were safely inside.But by your third attempt or so, and nearly taking out one of the pillars on the wraparound porch (after threatening the hedges within an inch of your lives a moment before) Maxi had reached over, gently covering one of your hands on the steering wheel with his.“I’ll take it from here, darlin’.” He still looked wan and shaken, but there had been the tiniest hint of a smile at the corners of his mouth. Okay, so he was still somewhat himself, at least.He was driving back to yours a bit too fast and cutting a bit too close around the corners of the winding backroad, but you weren’t about to call attention to it. He was staring out the windshield, and you could tell he was only half seeing the road in front of you. Part of him was still very much rooted to the spot in the foyer, but how much, you weren’t entirely sure yet.You sat on your side of the car, trying hard not to stare at him, but not sure how to look at anything else right now. You found your thumb tracing the wrist that man - Pierre, they’d called him - had examined earlier, making the symbol hidden on your skin stand out in blistering red light. The lines had been jagged, sharp - looking almost like two Ms intertwined. Like interlocking gator’s teeth. You didn’t remember a moment when it had got there - Maxi liked your wrists, sure, but he was far more obsessed with other parts of you when you were alone - so you were left to wonder. He said he hadn’t known how it got there either. Did it just bloom there of its own accord? Did it bother him, that this was on you, tying you to him for… however long this sort of thing lasted? You wanted to think no, he wouldn’t be — you knew he loved you. Of course he did. But after how useless you’d felt, standing in the room with people powerful enough to bring themselves and others back from the dead, with just your little beating heart and your—Wait a minute.You paused, tracing your thumb past the spot again. There was something there - a feeling? A sensation. Something pushing back against your thumb, as if from the inside of your skin. A pulse.‘Well, no shit,’ you thought to yourself. But no, hold on. This was… something else? Experimentally, you felt your own pulse just underneath the marked place, slightly faster than usual considering but still fairly steady. Then you swiped your thumb over where your mark would be again, and —There. A second pulse. Quick and strong, thrumming fiercely as if trying to beat its way out of your wrist. A solid thud, something familiar, something you’d felt before. Maybe underneath your… palm.You looked down at your wrist where your mark would be, then to Maxi, and back again, your eyes widening. Was that — was that his pulse? Could you feel his pulse in your wrist?“Hey,” you said softly. “Can I borrow one of your hands?”Maxi extended his right arm to you without taking his eyes off the road. You took it gently, trying to figure out how to do this for a moment before setting his upturned wrist in your lap. Taking a soft breath, as if to clear your head, you set two fingers on the inside of his wrist, timing his pulse with your phone on your thigh. Okay. So you had his. Then you took your own - definitely different, definitely slower, probably because of way less adrenaline or re-ruptured trauma. Then, carefully, you pressed your fingers back to the spot that had been illuminated on your skin.The beat matched Maxi’s pulse exactly.For a moment, you just went back and forth between the two, touching his wrist and then yours again a couple times to make sure you weren’t losing your mind. But no, there it was, just as present in your skin now as it was in his.“…You wanna tell me what you’re doin’?”You looked over to Maxi, finding him staring at you out of the corner of his eye with a slightly puzzled expression.“I…” You paused, looking from him to his arm and back again as you tried to figure out just how to explain this. “It’s kinda weird.” You lifted his hand to your lips briefly, kissing the back of it. “You can have this back now, thanks.”“Weird-good or weird-bad?” He retracted his arm, looking at you over the tops of his glasses with a more concerned expression. “Please tell me it’s not weird-bad,” he added quietly, looking slightly exhausted.“No, not bad,” you said quickly, shaking your head. “It’s just… I was feeling that spot that dude Pierre lit up on me, earlier—““Fuckin’ Pierre,” Maxi muttered, scowling. “That guy was an asshole when he was our tutor, and he hasn’t changed a bit.”You paused, confused. “…Okay, so I’m not the best at math,” you said slowly. “But I could’ve sworn you guys looked close to the same age.”Maxi shook his head. “He’s ages older than us. Or he should be. Kicked it a while back. But rather than let him just die,” he said, sounding annoyed. “They Who Decide asked…” He paused, as if choking on his sentence for a moment, before exhaling softly. “Asked my dad,” he continued. “To make him a revenant. They didn’t want to bother trainin’ anyone else to do his job, since he had it so long.”You frowned. “I thought you guys couldn’t resurrect people. Like, it was the Code or something.”“No, that’s just ourselves,” Maxi shook his head again. “Hell, that’s why they’re pissed we haven’t sent anyone to New Orleans since my dad died — they usually keep us around just to bring back anyone important to tip the scales for them one way or another. But god forbid we use that magic on ourselves or any of our blood, because then we might be gettin’ ideas above our station.” He sounded almost bored with this. “You can’t have a Resurrectionist who sticks around forever, because then they’re not as suggestible, when you need them to be. They know better.” He paused, his eyes suddenly going wide for a moment. “I’m sorry, sugar,” he said softly, looking annoyed with himself  before he looked to you apologetically. “You were tryin’ to tell me somethin’ before I just started goin’ off at the mouth.”“It’s fine, babe,” you said, watching his face to again see the events of the day so far etch themselves under his eyes. “It’s not anything huge, it’s just…” He glanced at you again, and you shrugged. “We can talk when we get inside.”“Hm?” Maxi glanced from you to the windshield, quickly stepping on the brakes before he drove past your driveway. Despite parking the hearse much more smoothly than you ever could, you could still see he wasn’t quite with you in the car.Once you were both out, you took his hand, gently pulling him to your front porch and unlocking your front door. “C’mon, baby.”Maxi let you lead him inside and pull him over to your couch in your living room, where you immediately kicked off your boots, flopped over onto your back onto the soft cushions, and held out your arms expectantly. “Come here.”The tiniest hint of a smile pulled at a corner of Maxi’s mouth, despite his obvious exhaustion, and he joined you in ditching his shoes. Far more carefully than you had fallen backwards onto the couch, he sat down next to you, before letting you tug him over so his head was on your chest. Your fingers immediately combed through his hair, and you felt him exhale deeply as he laid his ear over your heart.“…I’m sorry,” he said softly, barely more than a whisper. “Don’t,” you said quietly, kissing the top of his head. “I asked to go.”“I know,” he said, nodding against your chest. “But I was also apologizin’ to her.” He gestured to your bookshelf, where your great aunt’s ashes were resting in their silver box. “She’s pretty pissed at me, gettin’ you wrapped up in all this.”“Oh,” you found yourself laughing a little, following his gaze out of habit. “Yeah, that sounds like–” You trailed off, your words dying in your throat. There was a… definite shape, looming in front of your bookshelf. Nothing frightening, truly, but its unexpectedness startled you, after everything that had just happened. It was shorter than you or Maxi, but the perfect height for your great aunt Lula, when she could still stand. You could make out a head, shoulders, arms that looked folded, but it kept sliding in and out of focus - like an old-fashioned television, where the picture would occasionally hiccup if it needed its settings adjusted. At some points as you stared, you thought you could make out the soft rounded shape of a fuzzy woven beanie, like the one you had given your great aunt before she passed when she was steadily losing her hair. At other times, when you lost that detail, you thought you could make out a hint of movement on the floor… like the tapping of a foot.“What is it?” Maxi sat up quickly, looking to you with wide concerned eyes, and you looked back to him, realizing you’d left him hanging. “I’m sorry,” you said quickly, setting a hand soothingly on his shoulder. “I’m sorry, baby, it’s fine. Everything’s fine. I just…” You looked back to the shadow, at times opaque and at others translucent in the span of mere seconds. “I think I can… see her? Sort of?”Maxi blinked, looking from your face to the shape in the corner, and back again. He leaned closer to you, examining your eyes with intense scrutiny as though something in them could have changed. “Were you ever able to see her before?”“No,” you shook your head, letting him search your face. “But this isn’t her, completely. This is just… a shadow, kind of. And it’s like I can’t keep it in focus.”Maxi gave a soft, anxious hum, and you could feel his fingers moving on the couch cushion. “Well, that’s… new.” You could tell he was trying his best to keep cool about this, but the way he was worrying his lip with his teeth would have given him away if his fingers hadn’t. His eyes widened again abruptly as he seemed to remember something. “What were you gonna tell me? In the car?”“Oh! Right,” you nodded, suddenly wondering if this was a good idea. He already seemed nervous… would this new revelation just upset him?But the way he was staring at you, dark eyes full of worry, you didn’t know how you could not tell him and not expect him to decide it must be the worst possible scenario. “So, I don’t think it’s a big deal,” you said, your voice soft and calm in hopes of inspiring the same. “But I noticed when I ran my thumb across the… my…” You paused, trying to figure out how the phrase this. “Across the place on me Pierre lit up. Where he said you’d left a mark,” And as soon as it was out of your mouth, Maxi’s brow only furrowed further. “I think,” you went on, patiently putting a hand over his heart. “I think when I put my thumb there, I feel your heartbeat alongside mine.”Maxi blinked, looking openly puzzled. “…Wait, like… in you?” He frowned, looking down at your wrist. “Does that… feel okay? Is it makin’ you uncomfortable?” He said it with such concern, you wondered if he’d try to stop his own heart if he thought it was upsetting you.“It’s fine,” you said, your free hand coming up to cup his face to look at you. “Maxi, it’s fine. It’s totally okay, not a big deal. I just… I don’t know,” you shrugged a shoulder, not sure how to phrase this. “I just thought it was…” You bit your lip, trying to figure out how this wasn’t going to sound even weirder. “Nice. Kind of.”Maxi raised an eyebrow a fraction, looking as confused as you would have expected. “You what now?”“It’s reassuring,” you tried again. “It doesn’t overwhelm mine, or replace it, but it’s… there. Here,” you turned your wrist over, taking one of his hands in your free one. You set his fingers gently where your pulse was. “Here’s mine, right?” Maxi nodded, the worry on his face easing slightly as he found yours thrumming steadily where it should be.“And then…” You moved his fingers down about an inch. “Totally different, right?”Maxi frowned slightly, but it was more out of concentration than anything else. Slowly, with his free hand, he lifted two fingers to the pulse in his neck, holding them there a moment for comparison. You knew he realized they were synced when you saw his expression grow steadily more nervous, looking down at your wrist and then at you. “I don’t think it’s anything bad,” you said, trying to reassure him again. “It’s just… new, right? And even Hector said I was marked, before Pierre showed up.” You shrugged. “I don’t know how it happened, but it’s there now.”“I swear I didn’t do this on purpose,” Maxi said hurriedly. “I didn’t even know I could, I promise, I would never put this on you without— no, what am I sayin’, I would never put this on you. Period.” He shook his head, starting to look a bit overwhelmed. “I’m so sorry.” He looked away for a moment, blinking furiously, and your chest ached as you realized how hard he was trying to keep it together. “I never should’ve taken you over there. I should’ve known better.”“Hey,” you said softly, gently nudging his shoulder. “I asked. You took me over because I asked you to. Because I had a bone to pick with Hector, remember?”Maxi actually let himself smile for the briefest moment, as weak as it was. “You weren’t kiddin’.” He looked back at you, eyes warm with a mix of pride and affection despite his concern. “I kinda wish you’d told me before you’d slapped him, though.”“Why, so you could talk sense into me?” you teased.“Nah,” he shook his head. “So I could’ve got a photo.”You giggled, leaning your forehead against his, and for a moment you were just yourselves again. You lingered there, letting your hand intertwine with the fingers of his left in hopes of stilling them, and he gave it the slightest squeeze, seeming to relax a little.“Look,” you said quietly. “We can handle this. All of this.” You held his hand steadfastly in your own. “Whatever happens, I’m not going anywhere, okay?”Maxi closed his eyes, his shoulders sagging, but he didn’t pull away from you. “You shouldn’t have to deal with this,” he said softly. “They’re my family. They should be my problem, not yours.”“Maxi,” you said, leaning back slightly so you could meet his eyes. “I promise I don’t want to be anywhere but with you, okay? And if that means dealing with your family, it means dealing with your family. Whatever that looks like.” You squeezed his hand again. “I told you about how…I didn’t know if soulmates didn’t exist,” you swallowed. “Or maybe I just wasn’t… one of the people who was supposed to have one. And I spent a long time making peace with that. Y’know, some people just… are meant to be alone, and that’s okay. But then I met you.” You let yourself smile at the soft, surprised warmth in his eyes. “And if the closest I ever get to a soulmate is from a family of cursed necromancers… well, yeah, it’s more than a little unexpected.” You gestured loosely with your free hand. “But if it means I get to keep you, then I’m not going to be afraid.”Maxi looked at you for a long moment before looking back down at his knees. “…I spent so long thinkin’ this was it,” he said softly. “That it would just be me, in this town, dealin’ with this life and these demons until I died alone in that fuckin’ House and it devoured me too. I didn’t see a point, tryin’ to find anyone else… real, who I wanted to stay. Because how could I justify that? Askin’ someone to stay with me in a world this dark, with Death in every corner, when they could easily find someone else and just be… alive?” He shook his head, his eyes still downcast. “It just… felt obvious. I didn’t even want this. Why would anyone choose this if they didn’t have to?” A smile pulled at the corner of his mouth, and when he looked at you, his eyes were slightly too bright from unshed tears. “Then who comes waltzin’ into the cemetery but this… person,” he said quietly. “Who seemed just as comfortable there as I did. And never once pulled away from me, or what I did. Or what I could do. Even when you had every right to.” He shook his head slightly. “I don’t think you realize, darlin’, just how certain I was that I couldn’t have this. How long I didn’t let myself even dream about it, because it just hurt too much — whether I admitted it to myself or not.” He laughed, but it was a slightly broken sound. “And then there you were. And sometimes I still get scared I’m goin’ to wake up.”You pulled him into a hug, your hand tangling in his hair and hiding your face in his neck for a moment. “There’s no place dark enough to ever make me leave you,” you said softly, your voice muffled by his shoulder. “They’re going to have to bury us together, because even death won’t be enough.”“I’d rather spend eternity in a tomb with you than one day aboveground when I couldn’t call you mine,” Maxi murmured, his lips against your hair.You pressed your forehead to his again, moving to kiss him — when you both paused, your phone buzzing insistently in your pocket. “Nope,” you said, taking your phone hastily out of your pocket to silence it and tossing it over your shoulder, before tugging Maxi by the collar of his shirt into a kiss. You could feel him smiling for a moment against your lips, before you bit gently onto his lower lip and he pressed one hand to your lower back with a soft hum. You had him to yourself maybe a minute more before your phone began buzzing again insistently, and the two of you dissolved into frustrated laughter.“Just answer it,” he sighed, his hand smoothing over your hair. “I’ll take my time with you after you get rid of them.”“Sorry,” you giggled sheepishly, glancing briefly at the caller ID - and pausing, finding it to be an unknown number. You hesitated a moment, your natural avoidance instincts kicking in, before you reluctantly swiped to answer. “Hello?”“Hey, Querida,” Hector’s smooth voice traveled over the phone line. “Don’t hang up, okay?” He sounded the tiniest bit nervous, behind his usual casual calm. “And maybe don’t tell my cousin who it is, either. At least, not yet.”You felt your brow furrow. “Um. Hi.” You scrambled for a moment, trying to decide how to play this. “…Why call me?”“Max wouldn’t pick up if I tried his,” Hector said. “…Not that he maybe doesn’t have a good reason,” he added, sounding slightly sheepish - an emotion you would’ve thought impossible for him, based on your brief time together. “But, um, I also need to talk to you, specifically.”“Oh.” You blinked. “…What’s up?” You hoped you sounded less confused than you felt.“So, uh.” Hector took a deep breath. “I would maybe understand why you might, possibly, tell me to go fuck myself, but just hear me out because I swear I have a good reason for asking.”“…Okay?” You felt apprehension building in your stomach, wondering what on earth Hector could possibly want from you.Hector paused for a long moment. “Look, I get why you’d be mad at me, and that’s fine, I’m not gonna pretend I don’t, because that would be stupid,” he said, the words tumbling out all in a rush when he did finally speak. “But believe me when I say I’m prepared to get on my knees to beg you to let me and Rora crash with you and Max. Vince keeps making Rora cry, and if he keeps making Rora cry, I’m a hundred percent going to lose my cool and beat him to death before we go before the Council later, and we’re already in enough trouble, between the no scion thing and the You thing and the Rora bringing herself back thing—““Dude,” you tried to jump in, but he was still desperately trying to make his case.“Look, you have every right to hate my guts, and Max probably has more than a little reason to hate my guts, and I get that, but I swear on my mom’s life I’ll be on my best behavior the whole time, and Rora— well, okay, I can’t control Rora, but please, you gotta believe me, I’ll do my best for the both of us—““Dude,” you cut in again, louder this time. “Just… hold on a sec.” You looked at Maxi, who was  frowning concernedly into space but still trying to valiantly pretend he wasn’t eavesdropping on your end of the conversation. You sighed, turning in the opposite direction towards the door to your house for a moment. “When you get here, I want you to apologize for being a dick to him, whatever it is you did. Her too. And I want you to tell me where you hid my friend,” you added quickly. “So we can give her back to her parents, at least. We’ll… we’ll sort out the rest later.” You swallowed, not sure if you should feel like a traitor to Sky’s memory or not. “…And bring Maggie,” you added in a whisper. “I think it might… help, I don’t know.”“You’re a goddamn saint, you know that?” Hector’s relief was audible. “Muchas muchas gracias, bonita, I swear—““Okay, just- it’s fine,” you said quickly. “Just shoot me a text when you’re in my driveway, okay?”“Claro,” Hector said, and you could practically see him nodding frantically. “I promise, you won’t even— well, okay, you’ll know we’re there, but it’ll be chill, you know? I can even make dinner before we go if you want, I’m a good cook—““We’ll talk about it when you get here,” you said, unable not to smile just a little. “Just keep me posted.”“Gracias, prima,” Hector said again, and you could swear he kissed the phone before he hung up.When you turned back to Maxi, he had completely abandoned all pretension of not hearing you. “Tell me that wasn’t who I think it was.”“…They want to come stay with us,” you said slowly. “Because your dad’s being a dick to Rora.”“Dad was always a dick to Rora,” Maxi muttered bitterly. “She was just too much of a Daddy’s girl to notice, when it wasn’t convenient. Hell, he was a dick to both of us.”“I believe you,” you said, placing a hand over his. “But Hector thinks it’ll be better if he doesn’t beat Vincent to death before we go… wherever the Council is.” You paused, realizing you didn’t actually know.“New Orleans.” Maxi sighed. “We’ll have to head there before sundown.”“…Oh.” You took a moment to absorb this. “Well, they’re on their way, and he swears up and down he’ll behave himself. And maybe Rora, too. I know this isn’t ideal,” you added, seeing Maxi’s deeply sour expression. “But if it means we have that much less shit stacked against us when we get there, then I’m willing to loan them my guest room and my couch.”“…I suppose you’re right,” Maxi said after a moment, with a resigned sigh. “But he better damn well mean it when he says he’ll behave.” He shot a look towards the shadow of your great aunt in the corner. “If she weren’t already dead, I’d worry the three of us would send her into a rage heart attack.”“It’ll be fine,” you soothed, leaning over to kiss his cheek. “We can survive anything for a night, right?”Maxi hummed softly, a noise of doubt or agreement, you couldn’t quite tell. “…We’ll figure it out,” he said at last, taking your hand in his.You would have to, with what was to waiting for you all that particular night.
    Chapter Text
    “Babe, you don’t have to loom,” you said, keeping a soothing hand on Maxi’s upper arm.Maxi made a small noise of dissent, standing slightly to your right as he frowned out the window at your driveway. Hector and Rora had pulled up in a dark Mustang - from the nineties, if you had to guess - and Hector was currently helping Rora lift some long black garment bags from inside the trunk, making sure they didn’t drag on the ground. Rora cast a searching look over the front of your house, her face somewhat unreadable… before she saw Maxi standing with his arms folded in the window, and rolled her eyes slightly. She looked to Hector, muttering something to him, and for a moment as you felt Maxi tense beside you, you wondered if this was actually a horrible idea. Hector had seemed genuine, and like he was trying to avoid making more trouble — but what if you had just brought it right to your doorstep, so you never had a chance?You were fighting to keep your face neutral, giving Rora the smallest wave from your window and watching Hector double back to pull something out of the backseat of the car before you moved to open the door.You were waiting a moment until you heard their footsteps on your porch, not wanting to have to stand there and open the door awkwardly for too long, and paused to say something to Maxi at the window… only to find him no longer there. You frowned, looking around your little living room for where he could have possibly hidden himself — until you startled as you found him standing directly behind you, hands shoved in his pockets. “Jesus, baby,” you hissed, placing one hand over your heart briefly to feel it speeding away beneath your sternum. “I’m not kidding, I’m going to put a bell on you one day.”“Sorry, hon,” Maxi muttered, giving you an apologetic glance before he looked right back to the door, as if afraid to keep his eyes off it. “Force of habit.”“You can walk through my house like it isn’t a funeral parlor, you know.” You nudged him affectionately with your elbow. “Might even keep my hair from going gray before its time.”Maxi hummed softly, and though his eyes were still on the door, he leaned down to set his chin on your shoulder. “I think you’d look pretty all silver,” he said quietly. “Regal, even.”You chuckled, turning to kiss his cheek. “Well… thank you,” you said. “But still. Let’s not rush things. We have ages yet.”Maxi was quiet for a moment, and before you could turn to look at him fully, he placed a kiss to your shoulder before standing back up to his full height. “I’m hopin’ my relatives behave themselves enough to earn your trust,” he muttered, his eyes still fixedly on your door.“Hector sounded desperate,” you said, looking back up at him. “And he was willing to… make a trade, sort of.” You shrugged a shoulder. “So I’m willing to bet he holds up his end of things.”Maxi frowned, looking back to you. “What trade?”As you opened your mouth to answer, there was a surprisingly soft knock at the door. “…He said he’d tell me where Sky was,” you whispered, before turning to immediately open the door before you could quite see Maxi’s reaction.As you opened it, Hector was standing next to Rora, whispering frantically in her ear as he held the ends of the garment bags with one hand, and a large reusable grocery bag with the other. “—Promised we’d be cool,” was all you could catch, before he straightened up and smiled - not the wolfish thing you saw back at the House, but something… different. Warmer. “Hey. Um… I like the place,” he said, nodding upwards to indicate the house. “It’s cute. Really, uh… home-y.” He paused at this, glancing at Rora.“…Yeah, hi,” Rora said, after looking at Hector like he’d just opened his mouth to let a goldfish fall out at your feet. “And thank you,” she said, giving Maxi a very pointed raise of her eyebrows… before meeting your eyes, a hint of a smile curling at the corner of her mouth. “We appreciate your hospitality.” “Don’t worry about it,” you said, stepping back to let them in and then shutting the door behind them. “Um… do you mind if I ask what you brought?”“Our clothes for the Masquerade,” Rora said with the slightest of sighs, the fabric whispering slightly in her hands as she strode into your living room like she’d been here a million times. “And the cat,” Hector added, pausing in your entryway to set down the reusable grocery bag and unzip the top. “She might’ve got a little scrambled on the way over, though - we made a couple wrong turns.”The bag rustled for a moment before it tilted over on its own, with a very jumbled pile of bones spilling out of the opening. The bones began to move somewhat like a mix between a tumbleweed and a Rubik’s cube before Magnolia had her head on straight again, with the rest of her quickly following along the alignment of her spine. Once reassembled, she arched her back, crawling over to where Maxi was standing and rubbing her head along his leg. He smiled, leaning over to delicately pick her up and hold her against his chest, and you could hear the soft vibrating that had come to substitute her purr.“Thank you,” you said, smiling at Hector before turning to Rora. “So, um, about that. I don’t know that I have any—“ “Don’t worry your pretty head about it,” Rora said with an airy wave of her free hand. “The three of us have worn about the same thing since our growth spurts, give or take some lettin’ out in the shoulders. You, however,” she said, laying the bags out over your couch. “I brought you a couple of different options, because I didn’t know what you’d prefer.”“Where’d you find those?” Maxi asked, his fingers scratching near where Magnolia’s ears used to be.“Attic,” Rora said with a shrug. “They have loads of ‘em up there from generations back. Everyone’s. Grandad’s, Grandmere’s… Emile’s and Mama’s.” She paused, her gaze pointedly avoiding that of the other two. “So I grabbed your little soulmate here mishmash of things, just so they felt as comfortable as possible walkin’ into an undead lion’s den.”Maxi opened his mouth, looking annoyed, but you jumped in. “Thank you,” you said quickly, nodding. “…Genuinely, thank you. You didn’t have to do that,” you added. It was true. She could’ve easily just grabbed whatever for you, but she had taken time to consider what you might like. What might make you feel better, rather than worse, considering you were the only one who’d never done this before.“Oh, don’t thank me yet, sweetheart,” Rora shook her head, turning back to you. “I still have to fit you for yours.”“Let me,” Maxi said, stepping towards you and setting Magnolia on his shoulder (where, to your slight amazement and jealousy, she sat like this was a common occurrence). “I do this all the time for work.” “You dress the dead, Maxi, not the livin’.” Rora smiled slightly, that quick at the corner of her mouth that made you think it was the closest you’d ever see to the real thing on her. “Things fit different between the two, believe it or not.” She looked to you, tilting her head. “You got somewhere we can go play fashion show for a bit while I stick some pins in things?”“We can use my room,” you said, gesturing down the hall.At this, a very large book fell hard off the shelf in the corner, as though someone had chucked it onto the floor in a fit of rage. You startled somewhat, but the three Morvants just looked around like it was a perfectly common occurrence.“Who’s the cranky lady?” Rora asked, sounding almost bored.“Their great aunt,” Maxi said, with a cautioning tone in Rora’s direction before he glanced briefly at you. “She’s very… protective.”“I wouldn’t say she wasn’t cranky, though, to be perfectly fair,” you said, shrugging a shoulder. “Well yeah, because I bet no one’s been paying proper attention to you, huh?” Hector said sympathetically, walking over to where you had seen the strange shifting silhouette earlier. “That’d drive me up the wall too.” He smiled his usual charming smile, the one you assumed must be his introductory smile, to seemingly nothing. “Hey. I’m Hector. And you are…?”“…Well, that’ll keep him occupied for a minute,” Rora sighed, gathering some garment bags back into her arms. “C’mon, sweetheart, we’re burning daylight.”“Do you want me to come with?” Maxi asked, stepping as if to follow you.“Will you relax? I’m not gonna take them out with a sewin’ needle.” Rora rolled her eyes. “I don’t even think I could, given the little spell you have them under.”“It’s fine,” you said immediately, walking over to Maxi and Magnolia before the two siblings could begin arguing again. “It’s fine,” you repeated softly, once you were standing in front of him. “I’m just going to be down the hall.”Maxi frowned, looking between you and Rora and back again with a wary expression. “You sure, angel?” He looked back to you. “I don’t mind, obviously.”“I…” You paused, biting your lip a moment. “I think it’ll be okay if we assume good faith, for now.”“Again,” Rora said, the garment bags draped over her arms. “Can’t kill her, that’s your job.”“Rora!” You snapped over your shoulder before you could stop yourself, seeing the hurt flash across Maxi’s face. All three Morvants paused, and Hector looked for a moment between you and Rora like he expected someone to slap someone else. You tried again, taking a breath. “Come on, I’ll show you the way.”“I imagine it’s kind of hard to get lost in here, but sure.” Rora said, gesturing lazily with her free hand. “Après vous.” You looked back to Maxi, giving him your best reassuring look, before walking off with Rora down your hallway.“…No, I know, she can be a lot,” Hector said, looking back to the spot where your aunt was. Maxi just sighed, taking off his glasses for a moment to rub the bridge of his nose.When he heard your door close with its reliable squeak, he turned back to Hector. “Can I borrow you a minute?”Hector looked over to Maxi before gesturing to your invisible aunt. “Kind of in the middle of a conversation, primo.”“I—“ Maxi took another deep breath before looking also to your invisible aunt. “I’m sorry, I just— it’s important,” he said with an apologetic smile. Before he received an inaudible answer, he walked over so quickly Maggie jumped down onto the living room floor, then grabbed and dragged Hector from your living room. “Now, please.”“Hey, hey, relax,” Hector brushed impatiently at his hoodie sleeve once Maxi let him go in your small, warm kitchen. “What’s so urgent? We have hours.”“Exactly,” Maxi hissed at him. “We have hours, and not one of us is eligible for claimin’ the title.”“But that’s why they - or, I don’t know, I’m guessing it’s They Who - brought back your dad, right?” Hector said, folding his arms. “If none of us can do it, they’re probably just going to make him a revenant until I jump through all the hoops. He always was one of their favorites, anyway.” He said this with a bit of a scowl. “Suppose, for a minute, they don’t pick my dad.” Maxi said in a hush. “Suppose for a minute they…” He paused, taking a deep breath. “Try to force a hand.”Hector seemed to consider this for a moment before looking at Maxi with wide eyes. “Oh shit, dude.” He looked from Maxi towards your room down the hall and back again. “…Man, Max,” he said quietly, the implication suddenly impressing itself upon him.“Exactly,” Maxi said grimly. “So that’s where you come in.”Hector raised an eyebrow, confused. “Me?”Maxi took a deep breath, looking around for a moment before down at his shoes. “Look, Hex,” he murmured. “I know things between us have been… well, shit, lately. …For a while, really.” He folded his arms across his chest. “But you’re still the closest thing I’ve ever had to a brother. If tonight goes south, I want you to take them and run as far as you can, as fast as you can.” He reached into his jacket, pulling an envelope from the lining and holding it out to Hector. “That oughta be enough to get them to your mom’s.”Hector took the envelope tentatively, opening it and quickly looking over the stack of bills inside. “Dude,” he shook his head, looking back to Maxi with a frown. “I don’t even know if my mom will let me back in town anymore, much less let me bring your Obsession there.”“Look, if anyone’s gonna be able to kick demon ass, it’s Ranza,” Maxi said, nervously pushing his hair away rom his forehead. “I know you guys are on the outs right now, but I’m beggin’ you to at least take her there and try. Your mom can be a hardass, but she’s not heartless.”“Okay, sure. But what if they don’t want to leave?” Hector said, shrugging.“Just… make them see sense,” Maxi said, frustrated. “Have Rora give them a sedative, I don’t know. Whatever it takes. They can’t be here, if my hunch is right.” His eyes were haunted, exhausted, and for a moment Maxi looked much older than his years. “Please, man. I’ll owe you one in this life and the next.”Hector chewed his lip for a long moment before finally, reluctantly, he tucked the envelope in his waistband under his hoodie. “I’ll do my best, man.” He shook his head. “But I kinda doubt I’m going to have an easy time convincing someone who slapped the shit out of me and cussed out your dad to go against their own will.” He smiled a little, as if despite himself.“…Yeah, I don’t envy you there.” Maxi smiled as well, his fondness for you evident. “I’d apologize for the slap if you didn’t actually rip their friend to shreds. You earned that.”“Man, some friend,” Hector muttered, shoving his hands in his hoodie pocket. “She gave me their address as soon as I pulled out a knife, starts rattling off ‘no, please, I know where she lives, if you’re mad at her boyfriend I know where she lives’.” He rolled his eyes. “There was no spine to that one. Would’ve had me rip your little friend in a heartbeat to save her own skin.”Maxi stood there for a long moment, a look of muted panic on his face as he processed this. On one hand, Sky had been someone you obviously cared about, someone you’d loved and had fond memories with. On the other hand… “Christ,” he muttered, looking away for a moment. On the counter near where you usually left your important things for the next day, there was still a pile of Missing Person posters you hadn’t had the heart to throw out. He looked back to Hector, at war with himself. “…Well, I mean,” he said, running a hand down his face again. “People have different… different instincts, when faced with death.”“Man, don’t,” Hector shook his head. “We’ve both seen people who wanna make a trade. There’s no excusing that. It’s pathetic.”Maxi drummed his fingers against his other arm, thinking. “…Just don’t tell them,” he whispered at last. “Please.” He shook his head. “I just want them to remember that girl as their friend.”Hector shrugged. “Sure, man, whatever you want.”Maxi nodded in thanks… before pausing again, looking back to Hector. “Were you really gonna tell them where you hid the body, or were you just sayin’ that to get here?”It was Hector’s turn to look at war with himself. “…I don’t know. Maybe. Yeah,” he said at last, shrugging again in a slightly more defensive manner. “They didn’t say they were going to turn me in, they just said they wanted to give the body back to the girl’s parents.”“Since when do you make trades?” Maxi asked, raising an eyebrow.“Since you got an Obsession that doesn’t take shit, I don’t know.” Hector looked back to Maxi, skeptical. “Since when did you put your mark on a person who might be fearless, anyway?”“I don’t even know how I did that,” Maxi said, shaking his head anxiously. “All I knew was one minute I’m head over heels, the next minute she’s sendin’ my own sparks back and apparently she’s impervious to every motherfucker who ever shook hands with a demon… but me,” he said, his shoulders sagging on the last words.Hector tilted his head slightly, frowning sympathetically. “Does she know that part?”“You wanna explain it to her?” Maxi said, shooting Hector a withering look. “I’m just asking,” Hector said, lifting his hands in surrender. “…But no, I can see why that would suck.” He hesitated a moment, fiddling with the drawstring of his hoodie in a manner similar to the way Maxi often did. “…What’s that like, though?”“What, the demons who own our souls wantin’ me to kill the love of my life? Swell,” Maxi said bitterly. “Makes for a great night’s sleep, can’t recommend it enough.”“No, dumbass,” Hector said impatiently. “…The, um.” He paused, choosing his words. “The ‘liking someone so much I accidentally kind of made them the entire potential crux of my powers’ part.”Maxi looked at Hector for a long moment, searching his face. “…I don’t know whether I have the heart to wish it on you or not.” He smiled weakly. “Because for the most part, it’s the best thing that ever happened to me, until I remember what They Who want to happen next.” He stared into space, eyes heavy. “I never thought I’d find someone like this. I didn’t think we could, y’know?”Hector fidgeted with his hoodie still. “…There’s no way you’d ever want the mantle now,” he said quietly. “Is there.” It wasn’t a question - it was a statement of fact.Maxi shook his head. “Even if I still did when I met them, I wouldn’t dream of it now.” He looked to Hector, his eyes dark. “Nothin’ the Council offers could ever be worth that trade, man. You have to know that. Anyone who could feel like this about somebody and still use them as their thirteenth was only barely not a demon to begin with. There’s just no way.”Hector took a long, deep breath through his nose, looking anxious now. “Goddamn, Max.” He laughed, although it was unconvincing, and rubbed the back of his neck. “I was so sure that you’d get off your fucking high horse and get back down here in the gutter with the rest of us when yours showed up, y’know? Like it would just be right in front of you, and you wouldn’t be able to resist.” His lips became a thin line of stress. “And now… well. Here we fucking are, huh?”“Well, first of all, fuck you,” Maxi said, but not meanly. “And second of all, how does me findin’ mine stress you out?”“…Because if I find one - if I find my Obsession, my thirteenth,” Hector said, his voice hushed. “How the hell am I supposed to… y’know, do the thing I’ve only been working towards my entire life?”Maxi looked at him with a genuine sadness. “…That’s gonna have to be your call, Hex.”“Man, I was afraid you’d say that,” Hector sighed, shooting Maxi a mock-irritable look.The two of them looked when they heard footsteps coming down your hallway. “Okay,” Rora called, striding back into the living room. “One hour, and then we gotta get drivin’ so we can actually get these on before it starts.”You poked your head into your kitchen a moment later, spotting the men. “There you are,” you said, smiling. “So, Rora’s got me set, I guess.”“Oh, nice,” Hector said, his voice chipper. “You want me to make something before we gotta go?”“Wait, what?” Maxi looked around to Hector, frowning in confusion.“He offered to cook, as part of his end of the deal.” You walked in to your kitchen fully, leaning on the wall next to Maxi. “You want help with anything?”“Nah, I got this,” Hector waved a hand at you, eyes bright as he looked around your kitchen to truly examine it. “You guys just sit, chill, let me make some magic happen.”“…Sure, man, okay.” Maxi said, raising a skeptical eyebrow.You only moved around Hector to get a bottle of wine and some glasses, pouring one for each of the three of you before setting a fourth one at the table for Rora. As you and Maxi grabbed seats at your kitchen table to keep Hector company, Rora emerged through the kitchen door only a moment later, filling the empty glass without asking once if it was for her. Magnolia clicked in on little bony toes after her, surveying the four of you with wide, seemingly sightless eyes before she found a spot in the middle of the floor and made herself comfortable. “Seriously, gatita?” Hector muttered, but there was affection in his tone as he stepped carefully around her to pull some peppers from your fridge.Rora was swirling the wine in her glass, considering it as though she would see something critical reflected at the bottom of it. After a moment, she glanced at you, and her words from earlier seemed to echo in your skull. Quietly, you took Maxi’s hand in yours.Maxi gave it a small squeeze, studying you for a moment. “Fittin’ go okay?”“Oh yeah, it was pretty simple.” You smiled, but felt it not quite reach your eyes. “I can’t believe you guys have to wear stuff like that every year, though?”“Yeah. We never really got to pick our own costumes for Halloween,” Maxi smiled bitterly. “Just wasn’t a thing we did.”“Well, and we were probably the only ones to have to contend with a dress code set by expat European courtiers,” Rora said idly, taking a long sip of her wine before glancing to Maxi. “They’re prepared, as much as I could do so.” She nodded in your direction, and Maxi couldn’t help but feel like there was something else in her words. Especially as you glanced down at the table, absorbed for a moment in your own thoughts. This was… going to be harder than you thought, if Rora was right.Maxi looked between the two of you for a moment, opening his mouth to ask a question - before the smoke alarm in your ceiling went off, trilling loudly.“It’s cool!” Hector said quickly, waving a towel at it as he stirred something in the pot he had on your stove. “It’s fine, the machine’s just being a baby.”Magnolia trilled from where she sat in the carpet, her eerie echoing meow sounding almost like a peal of laughter, and you couldn’t help but smile at least a little.Whatever came tonight - at least you had this, for now.
  
    Chapter Text
    If you hadn’t already thought Rora was beautiful, staring at her in your bedroom mirror would’ve been the thing to sway you. While she’d worked about you, fitting the various fabrics to your frame, having held up and discarded several articles already (only in shades of black, white, and gray, you noticed immediately), you watched her face as if entranced. In certain light, you could see the lighter scar tissue around the edges of her face, pearlescent like something spectral. She had piled her luxurious dark hair into a messy burn to work, her lips pursed to hold extra needles and her brow furrowed in concentration. Her fingers were nimble, delicate, and you had to suppress a small chill at the idea that you had no idea what those hands did. That they somehow were involved in bringing her back from the dead, in ways you likely couldn’t comprehend.“You’re gonna give me a complex, sweetness.”You froze, finding her eyes in the mirror to find them staring at you in return. You realized now how brilliant green they were, like the kudzu you’d seen climbing the abandoned church near the cemetery where you’d first met Maxi. Like that wallpaper colored with arsenic from previous centuries.Something gorgeous that took the life from something else.“Sorry,” you said, feeling your cheeks heat slightly. “Just…”“Lot on your mind, hm?” Rora arched an eyebrow, talking around the pins in her mouth so her honeyed voice was slightly muffled.You nodded, feeling like if you opened your mouth words might come tumbling out like a rush of water out of an open hydrant. “I don’t blame you,” Rora said, pulling another pin from her mouth to adjust where the fabric sat at your back. “I was born for this, and I was a bundle of nerves before my first masquerade, too.”You watched her curiously - it was hard to imagine Rora, in the brief time you had known her, ever feeling nervous. You were tempted with a thousand questions about what her first time was like, but the only one that came to your lips was the one that you’d been repressing just a moment ago. “…What’s going to happen when we get there?” Rora shrugged slightly, but you noticed she kept her eyes on her work. “Well, chances are we’ll be announced at the door, and a bunch of strangers will stare at us for a while because Hector and Maxi haven’t bothered to go for about a decade or so, and I’ve been, you know… dead.” She deadpanned in a way that was so like her brother, it was uncanny. “Then we’ll likely be invited to eat finger foods and dance for a bit, mingle with the other families, who will all be trippin’ over themselves to figure out which of us they’re goin’ to declare the new head of the family.” She pulled the fabric at the small of your back tighter. “You have lovely hips, by the by. I hope my brother’s had the good sense to appreciate them.”“…Uh. Thanks. He might have mentioned it,” you said, your brain scrambling for a moment in the wake of this compliment. Once you collected yourself, you tried a more pointed question. “And how are they going to decide?”Röra hesitated for, examining the way the back of the garment fell along your back, pretending to busy herself with the fit of something you knew she’d already checked. “…How honest do you want me to be, little mortal?” she said at last, looking up to meet your eyes in the mirror again.You bit your lip for a long moment before answering. “Tell me the truth.”-The drive hadn’t taken long - traffic down I-10 had been relatively forgiving, despite it being Halloween weekend. The four of you rode down in the mustang Hector and Rora had driven over in, after Maxi and Hector had argued a little bit about him borrowing the car in the first place. (“It was literally my dad’s, you having it was a fluke to begin with.” “I’m not disputin’ that, I’m just askin’ how the hell you got my keys, and if you even bothered to check what I had in the trunk first. You could’ve driven a fresh kill over here and had no idea!” “Dude, will you relax?”)The ride over had been relatively quiet, between you and the three Morvants. Maxi seemed to have as much on his mind as you, but his hand was solidly intertwined with yours, his thumb tracing back and forth over the back of your palm. Every so often, you would look down at the slightest tingling feeling, seeing small traces of red sparks skitter as if alive from his hand to yours. At one point, you glanced up at him, only to see him watching the sparks as well with an expression that was too tangled for you to read clearly. You could catch hints of relief and resignation, fear and acceptance. After a moment, his eyes met yours, and he looked at you for a moment as if he desperately wanted to say something.Wordlessly, you brought his hand to your lips and kissed it, and his expression melted into something else entirely - awe, and the tiniest bit of sadness, but he managed a familiar smile nonetheless as he set your hand on his leg and continued his soft strokes over your skin.Glancing briefly to the rearview mirror, you saw Hector and Rora both look away, having very clearly been watching the pair of you.Hector drove down the winding streets of the French Quarter with surprising ease, as if he knew this route with his eyes closed even having been away for the better part of a decade. He pulled up in front of a small dark gray shotgun house that, from the outside, was clearly one of the older buildings on the block, and parallel parked so fluidly it took you a second to realize he’d done so. “Ghosts,” he shrugged when you looked at him with slight envy. “They’re actually super helpful when it comes to that sort of thing.”Maxi and Rora both quietly sighed like this was something they’d heard before and grown terribly sick of. Hector just stuck out his tongue at Rora as everyone got out, grabbed their assigned garment bag and other accoutrements from the trunk, and headed inside.The sheets over the furniture, added to the relative darkness of the house itself, made you feel like you’d just wandered into a smaller version of the Morvant House.“Christ, Maxi, you couldn’t have anyone stop by and dust every so often?” Rora raised an eyebrow, surveying the cobwebs that laced the antique light fixtures on the ceiling.“I would, but Grandmere kept showin’ up in mirrors and scarin’ the crew. Nobody wanted to work here anymore.” Maxi sighed.You about jumped a foot as an ancient-looking rocking chair in the corner of the room suddenly started moving at a jubilant pace, your free hand clutching Maxi’s arm as he continued to hold your dominant one in his.“Bonjour, Grandmere,” Maxi and Rora said in practiced unison, Maxi giving the empty chair a bit of smile and a wave and Rora giving it a nod as she strode towards the back of the house.“Abuelita,” Hector grinned, blowing a kiss.Maxi paused to watch the chair for a moment, then looked down to you. “She said to tell you she’s sorry,” he said softly. “She’s just excited to have visitors.”“…Oh.” You looked from him to the chair, hesitating a moment because you were sure you were going to make a fool of yourself. “Um, no worries. And hello.” You gave a small wave, hoping you weren’t being ridiculous. “Nice to meet you… so to speak.”The chair suddenly went still, and you panicked, wondering if you’d somehow offended their grandmother’s ghost — before you felt a sudden immersive chill that went straight to your bones, catching you entirely by surprise.“That’s a hug,” Maxi leaned down to whisper to you, his smile turning into a grin.“Aw, she likes you,” Hector beamed, hefting his camera bag over his shoulder with his garment bag. “Grandmere liked lots of people,” Rora sighed, walking back into the room. She leaned against the doorframe, looking around at all of you before nodding towards the hall behind you. “Come on, y’all. I need to see how much adjustin’ I need to do before it’s time, lest we get caught looking messy in front of They Who Suck Ass.” Her eyes fell to you. “You need help with yours, sweet pea?”“I got it,” Maxi said, with just an edge of defensiveness. You couldn’t help but smile a little, squeezing his hand before looking back to Rora. “I think I’ll manage. But thanks.”Rora rolled her eyes in Maxi’s direction before she looked back to you. “Fine. You know what to do.”You nodded, doing your best to keep your face neutral despite the fact that your pulse picked up considerably.Maxi looked between the two of you before he at last gave your hand a tug, showing you towards one of the rooms beyond the doorway where Rora was standing.As you followed him, you looked over your shoulder to see both Rora and Hector watching you carefully.-You were still staring at Rora in the reflection of your mirror, your own eyes wide. “…They can’t make him,” you said, your voice a wobbling whisper. “Can they?”“I don’t know, to be perfectly honest with you.” Rora said, her hands still on your shoulders where she’d been checking the fit there. “But I’m sayin’ it might… be wise, to consider the possibility.” She hesitated a moment. “To be prepared, at least.”“I’m sorry,” you said incredulously, finally turning to look at her. “But how the fuck do you suggest I prepare for— for that?”Rora’s own eyes were wide for a moment, her hands hovering awkwardly over your shoulders, and you immediately wondered how long it had been since she’d been this close to someone else.“…I’m sorry,” you said again, taking as much of a step back from her as you could. “I’m sorry, I’m not— I’m not mad at you, I’m just—““Hush,” Rora said simply, her familiar aloof mien returning. Slowly, she set her hands on your shoulders again. “There are ways,” she continued, her voice soft. “But I need to know you’re willing to do what you’ll have to if you want to get out alive.”You stood there a moment, your breath feeling frozen in your chest. “…I won’t let them make him a monster,” you whispered.Rora gave you one of her odd quirking smiles - one that seemed, if anything, to have a rind of sadness. “Oh, sweetheart. He was that well before he found you.” She moved some of your hair away from your face, her eyes distant, thoughtful. “We all were.”You bit your lip hard, looking away from the intensity of her eyes to think. “…There have to be cases where it… it didn’t end like that.” You shook your head. “At least one. They can’t all…” You let your voice trail off, unwilling to speak the possibility into being.“…It’s complicated.” Rora looked away this time, her hands withdrawing from your shoulders so she could fold her arms across her chest. “There are cases where… where someone has resisted the Obsession’s compulsion.”“Okay, we can work with that,” you said, your chest feeling miraculously light for the first time in ages. “How did they do it?”Rora looked back to you, her tongue nervously tracing her lower lip in a gesture uncannily similar to Hector. “…Some of them managed, for a time.” She pushed a loose strand of hair back away from her face. “Obsession isn’t always… romantic.. Sometimes it’s familial. Or friends you’ve shared your whole life with. It’s about what they mean to the Cursed - the gravity of the loss they would sustain, if they’re willing to give up that person for the power promised by Those Who Provide.” She paused for a long moment, clearly debating the merit of explaining a case, before her eyes met yours again. “…Hector was the most important person in his father’s life, for example. So the Curse chose him as the necessary sacrifice, should Emile want to step in for his generation.”You froze. Hector had very clearly survived this compulsion, as his father’s Obsession. “…But isn’t Emile dead?” you asked, whispering still.Rora looked sideways. “Emile lived for many years after Hector’s birth ignoring the Curse’s command. But he and his wife, Ranza… they had a contingency agreement.” Her eyes were looking everywhere but at you. “I never heard the full story. But one night, when we were twelve and Hector was thirteen… he must have done something that scared her.” She bit her lip for a moment. “Hector was never the same, after,” she added in a haunted whisper. “He blames Ranza… but there was a long time where he blamed himself.” She shook her head. “It destroyed them both.”You stared at her. “That can’t be it.” You shook your head, swallowing hard against the lump in your throat. “There have to be others.”Rora sighed, pinching the bridge of her nose for a moment. “You’re trying to withstand blood magic that spans centuries, little mortal. It works for a reason.” Her hand lightly touched the base of her throat. “…There are stories, goin’ back.” She hesitated again, sizing you up. “Of Obsessions who turned the Curse back on their would-be killer. Just as this,” she tapped at your wrist, causing the red glow to appear again against her finger outlined in a dazzlingly bright green. “Protects you from the harm of others who are prone to the Curse — to prevent one member from stealing another’s Obsession for their own Chain — it means my brother is exceptionally… vulnerable, to you.”You could have sworn your heart had fallen out of your chest and through the floor, and likewise, your breath stopped in your lungs until it ached. “No,” you shook your head immediately. “No, I won’t do that.”“Sweetness, do you know how long it’s been since a viable Mark has been put on an Obsession? You’re already tryin’ to fight a gator with a plastic knife, but add this and now that gator’s pissed at you, specifically.” Rora shook her head. “No one in the last century has managed it in our family. Obsessions are generational, everyone who can gets at least one. But a Mark… that’s beyond mere blood magic.” She hugged her arms against her chest subconsciously. “That’s magic that affects a soul. I was always the most advanced of the three of us, and even as a spirit I could barely get mine in a new body, much less leave a trace of it one someone else’s.”You looked down to your wrist, wide-eyed. “Is that what he did?” Your voice was admittedly somewhat breathless at the idea. You looked up at her. “…Like a soulmate.”“There’s nothin’ predestined about this,” Rora said softly. “He chose you. Just as you chose him the first time you said ‘I love you.’ He loves you so much he left a trace of it on your very essence… and likely has some of yours, although in a much less concentrated quality.” She gestured to you. “It only makes sense, when you think about it. His Obsession is exceptionally powerful. It might leave him exceptionally weak to you.”“I won’t hurt him,” you said again, firmly.“Keep your voice down, you idiot,” Rora hissed, glancing towards your doorway. “He can’t know about any of this, if somethin’ happens. Surprise is going to be the only other advantage you have if you need to save your own life. And savin’ that means savin’ him, in the long run.” She sucked hard on the inside of her cheek, eyes dark. “If somehow he did succeed,” she said, her voice hushed. “It would break him. That man would lose his mind and his will to live in one fell swoop, and wouldn’t even be able to escape it in death at that point. They’d just bring him back again to serve out his term.”“But Vincent died, and they only just now brought him back,” you said, shaking your head. You couldn’t stand to think about any of this without feeling sick to your stomach, but that was the part that at least you had a semi-practical response to.“Maxi killed Daddy.” Rora said flatly. “They Who Provide assumed that meant he was plannin’ to take over for him. And he did, at the time. But then he got all soft and got a conscience or whatever the fuck, and then he met you and got even worse — no offense,” she added as very much an afterthought. “And it’s been so long, I’m sure they dug Daddy up at least to have another option to consider. With my brother, it’s more likely he’d off himself from grief and madness, and that’s never been enough of an excuse to call out sick under They Who Provide.” She stood there thinking, arms still folded, before she looked back to you. “I know you don’t want to kill him. To be totally honest, I don’t want you to kill him either. He’s a total fool, but he’s still my twin.” The slightest soft smile came to her face for a moment. “You might have his heart, pretty mortal, and that’s fine. But he was my brother since before we both were born.” She met your eyes. “As much as we drive each other insane, the hardest part of bein’ dead was bein’ on a different side of the veil than he was.” She shook her head. “I don’t want to lose him any more than you do. Not again.”You blinked hard, willing the tears that had just flooded your eyes to leave. “Then what do we do?”A chill swept over your hand, and you looked down, startled to have found Rora had taken yours in hers. “I have an idea,” she whispered. “But you have to trust me and Hector, and to promise to do your part.”You swallowed against the lump in your throat, nodding. “Tell me what we need to do.”-“What is this place, anyway?” you asked, as Maxi shut the door and flipped the lights on in a back bedroom. “Was it your grandmother’s house?”The room itself was cozy and small, very much old New Orleans, with a creaky wooden floor that tilted slightly under your feet and a bed with an wrought-iron frame dominating the center.“Nah,” Maxi hung both your garment bags on a hook on the back of the door, before shedding his vest and starting to unbutton his shirt. “This was just a house we kept to have somewhere to crash after events with They Who Decide. Council meetings and stuff. Been in the family for generations.” He smiled slightly, nodding towards the front room. “Grandmere just died here after a really good New Year’s Eve party. Liked it enough that even when we got her body home, she decided this is where she’d linger. Don’t blame her,” he went on, shrugging off his shirt. “It’s gotta be a more interesting place to be a ghost than the House.”“She seems pretty chipper,” you agreed, smiling at the memory of the freezing hug. You shed your usual clothes, ignoring the slight chill that settled over your skin as you walked over to where you’d tossed your own canvas bag on the bed to pull out your makeup bag and a mirror. You sat down in the middle of the miraculously less dusty bed in just your underwear, propping the mirror on its stand in front of you, and beginning to set to work on your face before you dared touch the clothes Rora had so painstakingly adjusted for you.You were aware, after a moment, of a cautious settling next to you on the mattress - and looked over to see Maxi sitting down in just his boxers, watching you with that same quiet sweetness he had on that night out with your friends, ages ago. “…Hey,” he said softly, smiling at you when you kept watching him.“Hey yourself,” you said, unable to help your own smile before you turned back to your mirror. “I’m not distracting you from getting dressed, am I?”Maxi shook his head. “I’m fine. We have time.” You would’ve been okay, if it hadn’t been the way his voice had faltered slightly on that last word - like as he said it, he realized he wasn’t sure. The weight of it settled on you, suddenly, and you set the eyeliner down before it even made it to your skin, turning around to really look at him. “…Do we, though?”“I— no, hey,” he said softly, realizing what you’d heard. “Hey, it’s okay.” He moved closer to you, carefully tucking some of your hair behind your ear. “I didn’t… I didn’t mean to upset you, gorgeous,” he murmured, his fingers tracing lovingly over your cheek. Even as he said it, though, you could feel them shaking just a fraction. You leaned your cheek into his hand, covering it with yours as you tried to keep your shit together. You could not be going to pieces right now. There was too much at stake, for all of you. But with Maxi right in front of you, and everything that might lie ahead, your chest was becoming overwhelmingly tight as you fought the urge to cry. “I’m just scared,” you whispered at last, trying your damnedest to keep your voice steady.Maxi leaned forward, cupping his other hand to the side of his face and resting his forehead against yours. “I swear I won’t let anything happen to you,” he said, his voice soft but still fierce. “They won’t touch you, ever. I promise.”“That’s not what I’m scared of,” you said, moving to wrap your arms around his neck. Maxi hugged your waist, pulling your chest flush to his, and your actual fear went unspoken between the pair of you. “I know.” His hand cradled the back of your head. “But you’re gonna be okay, darlin’. Trust me.”“I don’t care about that,” you said, your voice breaking at last on the final word as your hand gripped his shoulder, hugging his ribs as hard as you could.Maxi hid his face in your shoulder for a moment, and you could feel the shaking exhale that escaped him. “…I do,” he said, so softly you almost didn’t catch it.You laughed brokenly, turning to press a kiss to his cheek even as your first tear broke the waterline. “I know, Maxi.”Maxi turned so he caught your lips instead, and you couldn’t help but wonder if you tasted like the tears that felt so close to the surface of you, lately. You kissed him back, and as you did, you prayed to everything that might listen that this might not be goodbye.You pulled him down to the mattress with you, the kiss turning somewhat frantic as he seemed to be thinking along similar lines. “I feel like I should say sorry,” he said, pressing searing kisses down your jaw and to your throat. You opened your mouth, about to protest, when he spoke again. “But I’m not sorry for this,” he said, and it sounded almost like this fact burned him. “I won’t ever feel sorry for how I feel about you.”“I would rather be here with you than anywhere else alone,” you said, your hands tangling in his hair and closing your eyes as he sucked hard at your collarbone, more tears sliding down silently. “You’re worth this,” you whispered hoarsely, and you felt him freeze where he was. “You’re worth this to me. I need you to know that.” You took his chin gently in your hand, forcing him to look at you. “You always will be, Maxi. That won’t change, no matter what happens. Okay?”Maxi leaned up and kissed you fiercely, possibly to hide the fact that a tear had slipped loose on him too. “I love you.”“I know,” you promised, kissing the corner of his mouth. “I love you too.” You leaned your forehead against his. “Whatever comes next, I’m still yours.”Maxi smiled somewhat, his soft exhale of a laugh a cracked, watery sound. “I just wanna be yours when all this is over.” “You will be,” you promised him, hugging his ribs so hard you were almost afraid you’d hurt him, but desperate to hang on. “We’re going to make it out. I promise you. I love you too much to let anything else happen.”Maxi loosened your arm just enough that he could intertwine his fingers with yours, clutching your hand like it was a lifeline as he hid his face again against the crook of your shoulder. You held him there, closing your eyes as you felt a warm, wet tear land on your collarbone and slid down. He mumbled something against your skin, almost unintelligible.You paused, your hand carding through his hair. “What’s that, babe?”Maxi turned his head slightly so you could hear him. “Do you wanna move somewhere? After this?”You frowned, puzzling this out. “…I- what do you mean?”“I mean I bet Colorado needs morticians. Or Maine. Hell, Alaska, wherever you want. I’ll help you sell your house,” he added. “I know you just bought it and all, but I promise I can afford whatever you’d want just about anywhere else. We could try Spain, or Germany even—“You grinned despite yourself. “Shouldn’t you ask me to move in with you, first?”“Into my house?” Maxi propped himself up on an arm to look at you fully. “Absolutely the hell not. If I don’t burn that place down, I’m tossin’ the keys to Rora and tellin’ her to have fun runnin’ the business.”You laughed a little, genuinely. “You’re going to break the hearts of so many little old ladies, you know that? All these women just dying to have you do their hair and makeup for the last time before they meet their maker.”“There is approximately one little old lady I’m concerned about,” Maxi said with a smile of his own. “And you won’t be her for a very long time. And even then, only on ‘girl days,’” he added.You wondered, quietly, if he could feel the warmth that seemed to spread through your whole chest as he said that, leaning up to kiss him again. “Fuck They Who Decide,” you whispered at last, breaking away for breath. “They can’t have you. I’ll make sure of that.”Maxi’s eyes, for a moment, took on the familiar darkness that had come to feel like home for you, and one hand moved to carefully curl around your throat. You let him tilt your head back, shivering slightly at the feeling of teeth over your pulse point, and when he bit to leave a mark your hands slid up and over his shoulders, only to leave red stripes as you slid them back down—A sudden loud, hard thud at the door made you both jump. “If you two get anything on your clothes,” Rora called from down the hall. “I swear to god, I’ll kill you both and bring you back.”Maxi rolled his eyes, and you couldn’t help but giggle. “Swear to god, she’s been doin’ that since we were in high school.”You paused, thinking quietly, before you looked back to him. “…Why don’t you?”Maxi frowned, looking back to you. “Do what, honey?”“Kill me,” you said simply, as if this was obvious. “And just… solve this whole thing.”Maxi sat up like you’d slapped him, looking just as pale. “No.” He shook his head hard. “No. Absolutely not.”You sat up too, pulling your knees to your chest. “I’m just saying, baby, if it’ll solve this, and if Rora can just bring me back—““It’s not like that,” Maxi said, shaking his head again. “You don’t know what you’re askin’.”“Then explain,” you said softly, running a hand frustratedly through your hair. “Because if we can end this, I’ll—““I don’t want to be… that,” Maxi said softly, and for the first time in a while, his eyes were wide with fear. “That magic’s dark as hell, darlin’. It changes you from the inside out. Eats you alive. You come out the other side different. I don’t know one person who finished the Ritual who was themselves afterwards. I know I’ve done things,” he said, anxiously taking one of your hands in his. “I’m not sayin’ I won’t still have to, after all this. I know I’ve followed you too close, kept you too close to me,” One of his hands traced a finger down your neck, stopping over the purpling bruise he’d just left there. “But that’s still just me. I don’t know what I’d be, if I let myself change that way. And whatever I was… I wouldn’t want to let it near you.” His eyes flashed as he looked away, and for a moment, you could see the deep red that only showed up in the black of night. “And as for Resurrection,” he went on, looking back to you. “That’s… that’s too easy to get wrong. You’d change too,” he swallowed slightly, nervous. “If we let you go through the veil like that. I’ve seen people try to bring back even the freshly dead, skilled practitioners who’d been doin’ this a lot longer than Rora.” He shook his head slowly. “More often than not, people come back… wrong. Hell,” he added, his voice barely audible as he glanced warily towards the door. “It took Rora a good few days after she came back to convince me it was really her, and that somethin’ else just hadn’t… taken her place. And the last thing I’m about to do is gamble with your soul like that.”You felt your shoulders deflate a little. “I’m sorry,” you said, squeezing his hand that still held yours. “I don’t want you to change either — not like that. Not if you don’t want to. But I’m just trying to… figure something out, I don’t know.” Maxi tried to smile, but it came out more a grimace. “I know, gorgeous.” He looked down at your joined hands, eyes thoughtful. “We’re just goin’ to have to go and get this over with.”You sat there a moment, looking at your hands, before you shifted your grip to catch his pinky finger with yours.Maxi raised an eyebrow, looking up at you. “I swear, whatever happens tonight,” you said quietly. “I will always love you.”Maxi’s smile was closer to the real thing this time, as he let out a quiet, sad laugh. He squeezed back. “’Til death and then some, huh darlin’?”You leaned forward, kissing the end of his nose, then kissing him properly, before you looked reluctantly towards the garment bags at the door. “…I guess we should actually get dressed before Rora storms in here and murders us first.”“She’d probably be more vicious about it, for sure.” Maxi muttered, but teasingly.Reluctantly, you broke your grip - you turning back to finish your makeup along the lines of what Rora had told you to go with, Maxi finally rising to unzip his own garment bag. You watched him getting dressed with some interest as you finished painting the ribbon of dark shadow across your eyes and then around your temples. His costume was a fascinating suit of storm gray fabric, with intricate black brocade details down the arms from the shoulders of the tuxedo jacket that were reminiscent of a humerus, ulna, and radius. Down the sides of the pantlegs was a similar motif, this in loose imitation of the femur, fibula, and tibia. The shirt underneath you recognized as being the same sort of dark red you saw in his eyes, or when sparks flashed between your hands, and you wondered how exactly Rora had sourced the color so exactly - it was too vibrant to have been part of the outfit originally, so she must have added it sometime down the line. When you finally finished your makeup, you moved to your own garment bag, right as Maxi crossed the room to pull a sheet off a mirror so he could work on his bow tie. You turned when you heard him hiss softly in surprise, only to see him put his face in his hand for a moment. “Dammit, Grandmere, what have I told you about mirriors? It’s not polite!”You let yourself relax, realizing he was in no danger, and put on the outfit Rora had put together for you from a couple of older pieces. You realized now why she’d been so insistent on sticking within the color scheme - you and Maxi were counterparts of one another. You slid into a gorgeous pair of black silk cigarette pants, which layered underneath a long, sleeveless gray tunic of the same storm color as Maxi’s suit. It fastened up your stomach to a high collar (which, somewhat thankfully, hid the marks Maxi had just left on you), and across the bodice front, black embroidery encircled your torso to mimic the structure of a ribcage. Close up, you realized the embroidery shined like oil in the light as you moved, a kaleidoscope of colors hidden in a single detail. The lining as well was the same red as Maxi’s shirt, though it was invisible under the skirt-like lower section unless the wearer theoretically spun in a dance. The hem of the tunic fell about to your knees, and down the long back was an embroidered jet black spine. The top of the high collar was embroidered in the same thread, feeling a bit like a collar and mimicking the ribbon of dark makeup you’d stretched across your eyes. The stiffness of the fabric made it feel just a bit like armor, making you stand straighter - like you’d at least be going in there not totally defenseless. Carefully, you touched your hand to the left side of the embroidered rib cage, feeling the inner pocket and its contents still waiting patiently against your skin.With the addition of your boots (one of the only things you actually wore that you were allowed to wear), you went to add the last detail — the winged death’s head necklace Maxi had given you ages ago.You weren’t startled to feel slightly too-cool hands brush your hair away from your neck. “May I?” he whispered in your ear.You smiled, holding the necklace over your shoulder for Maxi to take.Carefully, he placed it around your neck, taking his time with the clasp in the back and planting a soft kiss to the back of your neck when it was closed. You turned to face him, and he watched you adjust the necklace so it hung below your high neckline, a silver contrast to the black ribs below.You looked up with some curiosity, seeing he’d applied a dark red shadow you’d never seen on him before over the his eyelids and all along his eye sockets themselves, seemingly using the contours to guide his application. It was smudged in an interesting hazy effect, striking on him in a way you wouldn’t have expected against his pale skin and dark eyes.Maxi stepped back, looking you over, but still taking your hands in his. “You look…” trailed off, tilting his head slightly to take you in. You blinked, your cheeks suddenly heating. You’d sworn you’d done what Rora had told you was typical at this sort of thing with your makeup, but now you were unsure. “Too much?”Maxi shook his head immediately. “No. Beautiful, of course, but different, than you usually do.” He rolled his eyes at himself. “I just mean… you look like us.” His eyes found yours. “Like you belong here too.”You looked at him, tilting your head slightly. “Is that a bad thing?”Maxi paused, before slowly shaking his head. “…I never felt like I belonged here until right now,” he admitted softly.You smiled a little, your arms hugging his waist. “Then I’m glad I do.”Maxi hugged you back, before reaching into his jacket and pulling something out - his glasses. You looked back up at him, realizing he must be wearing his much-hated contacts.“Hang onto these for me?” he asked, smiling a little. “I think your pockets might be more secure than mine.” He nodded to your tunic with an admiring look.You returned the smile, sliding them into one of your concealed pockets at your hips, where they slid down so they didn’t interrupt the line of the silhouette. “They’re safe with me, I promise.”“I know,” he said quietly, taking another last lingering look at you. At last, you both looked at the door, seemingly having the same thought. “…No use puttin’ it off.”“Come on,” you said. “Let’s go get this over with.”He waited until you’d thrown your regular day clothes back in your bag before the two of you left the room.You could hear whispering down the hall, and as you passed back into the living room at the front of the house, Rora and Hector were standing with their heads together in a hushed conversation. Hector looked up first, catching sight of you and Maxi emerging from the shadowy hallway, and Rora turned to look over her shoulder, the two of them looking like they’d just been caught in a very intense debate.“Well,” she said, giving you a once-over that was almost admiring. “This does suit you after all. Who knew?”Rora was dressed in a long white sleeveless dress, the neckline of which plunged in a sharp ‘V’ all the way to her stomach while still maintaining enough structure over her chest to protect her modesty. It was almost reminiscent of the white sheets you’d seen over bodies in Maxi’s prep room, and the notion was almost grimly humorous. You noticed she’d applied something translucent and shimmery over the remaining scar tissue from the Y-incision of her borrowed body, and it caught the light in a way that both transfixed you and slightly made you squirm every time she moved. She’d traced the scar around her face with the same substance, as if she sought to highlight this mark, while her eyes were done in a smudged green liner that nearly matched the color of her irises. “You didn’t tell us you were doin’ somethin’ new this year,” Maxi said, with - if you heard right - just the tiniest hint of a pout.“Right? Not fair.” Hector gestured to Rora frustratedly, though he was certainly no slouch. His suit was a curious inversion of Maxi’s, a deep black fabric with a ribcage, clavicle, and sternum embroidered in an off-white to match the poet blouse he was wearing underneath. There was even a heart embroidered under the ribs in a deep purple that, if you were working based on the colors you’d seen from Maxi and Rora, was likely the color in which his own magic was visible… whatever it did. He’d gone with even more makeup than Maxi, applying a dark shadow in a specific way around his eyes and down his sharp cheekbones to mimic the shadows and contours of a skull stripped of its flesh. Rora rolled her eyes. “I didn’t tell y’all because then I knew you’d both want something new, and we didn’t have enough time for that with as long as it takes the pair of you to sew. Besides,” she added with a nod. “I had my hands full enough with that one.”“You came out pretty though, Querida.” Hector said, smirking a little as he looked you over. “Pants. Smart. And you look, um, very gender… gender-bend-y.” he added with an enthusiastic nod.You fought a giggle at the phrasing, instead smiling at his sweetness. “Thank you, Hector.”“Don’t mention it.” He winked at you, and you felt Maxi take your hand. You squeezed it back, looking up to see Maxi giving Hector a withering look.“Well, if we’ve all applied setting spray,” Rora deadpanned. “The carriage is waiting.”“The carriage?” You glanced at Maxi. “They send one around for us,” Maxi explained. “It’s tradition.”“And parking’s a nightmare around here.” Hector added.“Come on, then.” Rora turned, opening the door and letting in the cool October air. The three Morvants filed out, and as you turned to briefly look over your shoulder, you could see a frail-looking elderly woman in a glittering evening gown waving at you kindly from an uncovered on the wall of the parlor, her long white hair loose about her shoulders like she’d had a truly wild evening.You gave her a small wave back, and closed the door.The carriage was a true old New Orleans relic, with covered candles attached posts around the high roof that cast it in an eerie, flickering glow. You looked to the front to see a black horse painted with white in the pattern of an equine skeleton, and a driver that hunched over in a top hat and coat black as pitch. The collar was turned up in such a way that you had a hard time making out their face, but if you weren’t the first family they’d picked up, you could understand why - there was just enough chill in the air that staying out too long might cause one to shiver.The carriage door opened itself, seemingly, and Hector handed up Rora before getting in next to her. Maxi carefully helped you climb up into the high carriage, with Hector giving you a hand to pull you inside. Maxi climbed in after you and sat next to you on the dark leather seat, and once the door was closed, Rora gave two hard raps to the ceiling.The driver set off without a word, and you watched the French Quarter pass by through a haze of candlelight outside the warped glass of your window.There was relative silence in the carriage - Hector was watching the city roll by with his arms folded, looking like he was having to fight the urge to bounce his leg anxiously. Rora sat perfectly straight with her hands in her lap, but every so often, you saw her bend her fingers to hide her nails, as if trying to prevent herself from picking at them.She felt you staring at her, and met your eyes. Silently, she glanced once to your tunic and back to you, her brow arching in a question.You placed your hand briefly over your heart, pretending to adjust the fit of the bodice slightly, and when she was satisfied, she also stared out the window, her jaw clenching slightly as she lost herself in thought.On Maxi’s other side, you could swear you saw him drumming his fingers, and though that hand was out of reach, you took the one closest to you in yours. You thought you saw that hand still out of the corner of your eye, and he lightly kissed the back of yours before setting it on his leg,  your fingers intertwined. You did your best to ignore the way it felt like you were both silently clinging to each other for dear life, trying hard to keep your fear from moving into your face as the carriage turned down winding alleys and backroads — finding a way even down the darkest path, even when you were certain it would be too narrow.You glanced over for a moment to see Hector staring at your and Maxi’s hands, his brow furrowed as if he was thinking very hard about something. He only stopped when Rora nudged him gently in the ribs, and he looked to her, his brow smoothing immediately as he smiled crookedly at her.Soundlessly, the carriage came to a stop, and you looked out the window to see only two lonely spots of torchlight. “What’s wrong?”“We’re there,” Maxi said softly.The door opened by itself again, and Hector climbed out, lifting his hand up to help Rora down. Maxi was next, holding his hand out for you to join him.As you emerged into the cool night air, a soft breeze off the river catching you by surprise, you realized you were in a part of the city you’d never seen — something far older, based on the worn cobblestones beneath your boots as you stepped down. You let Maxi guide you away from the carriage, and as he the driver a wave, you followed his gaze.It took you a minute to realize the horse was now not, in fact, a black horse with white paint, but was, in fact, just an equine skeleton, its sightless eyes and odd constant grin making you blin hard. You glanced up at the driver, and though their face was mostly obscured, you could see the faintest bit of a bleached white skull between the dark fabric of the hat and the collar of the coat.“Pretty sure that guy’s been driving the carriage since the very first Masquerade,” Hector said quietly in your ear.“Poor bastard,” Maxi agreed softly.“Well, you know the Council.” Rora murmured. “‘Waste not, want not.’”All three Morvants laughed quietly at that, clearly an old shared joke, and you realized immediately that Maxi’s distinct snort-laugh was absolutely a family thing. It would’ve been adorable, if your heart wasn’t going a million miles an hour.You looked back to the two torches, realizing they were actually old gas lamps set in a brick wall. They stood on either side of a gate, of sorts - something deep black and heavy-looking that, as the four of you walked closer, you realized was made of some sort of densely wrought iron gate. In inset panels on either side of the opening were two faces - on the left, a round-cheeked cherub, staring with mouth agape. On the right was a skull, jaw similarly slack as it stared into the endless night.“Hector,” Rora said softly, and you looked around to her. When Hector looked to her questioningly, she nodded to his jacket pocket. “Give them a drink.”“Wait,” Maxi said quickly. “I don’t know about that—”“You want her going in blind?” Rora said, looking back to him with a cool stare. “It won’t hurt her.”“No, but she’s never… I’ve never given her that, before.” Maxi sounded somewhat anxious, rubbing the back of his neck.“Someone want to tell me what I’m supposed to be drinking?” You looked around the three with a raised eyebrow. “Maybe mortal, still an adult.”“It’s Death’s Draught,” Hector explained, pulling a silver flask out of his pocket. “It’s been around for centuries — it was supposed to be just used by the Council for rich mortal dicks, to give them a taste of what we see, but then someone leaked the recipe and anyone could make it.”“It’s frowned upon to have it now,” Rora added, folding her arms. “Which is why we need to drink this fast.”“I can kind of see ghosts, though?” You said, tilting your head slightly. “Like, I saw my aunt’s shadow, and I think I saw Grandmere when we left…”“This will let you see them for a while,” Maxi explained, still looking a bit nervous. “Without it fadin’ in and out.”“Oh.” You nodded, then paused. “Then why are y’all—?”“The wine you make this with is expensive as shit,” Hector said.“And it just makes things kinda nice and glow-y for us,” Rora shrugged.Hector unscrewed the lid, and you could swear saw the faintest trace of something vapor-like leave the bottle. “Oh, damn, good batch Ror,” he muttered admiringly.“Her first,” Rora said, nodding in your direction. “And quick.”Hector held out the flask to you, and you took it tentatively, looking first at it and then at Maxi.Maxi was worrying his lip slightly with his teeth, hesitating, before finally nodding with just the slightest touch of a wince. “It should be fine,” he said, though he didn’t sound entirely convinced himself.“We won’t let you get sloppy, don’t worry.” Hector winked again at you, teasing.With a last glance around at the three, you took a breath - and then took a long slug, calling back to your college days where you used to pour about anything down your throat so long as there was alcohol in it.“Atta girl,” Hector said approvingly, and even Rora grinned - or as close as it to she got around you, anyway.You took a breath, feeling it strike at your insides like lightning, the aftertaste in your mouth something sweet and dark and vaguely floral.For a moment, looking at the three Morvants in front of you, their eyes seemed to change in the light, reflecting oddly so you could no longer see their pupils and irises like animals in headlights — Maxi’s a familiar deep red, Rora’s a blinding green, and Hector’s a weird ghastly purple color, all of which would’ve absolutely scared the shit of you if you glimpsed them down a dark path all alone. You stared at them a moment longer, and your vision finally swam back into focus, leaving them their usual selves. “Anything?” Hector asked, his head cocked to one side.“…I think so, yeah,” you said, nodding as you glanced between the three of them again, now perfectly normal.“Try not to let yourself get too overwhelmed, sweet pea.” Rora said, gently pulling the flask from your hand and taking a long swig herself before passing it to Hector.“And whatever happens,” Maxi added, accepting it from Hector after Hector took his own pull. “Always stay near one of us, at least. Okay?”He waited until you nodded before he took a drink himself, apparently finishing the last of it. He sighed, shaking his head slightly as if to clear it, and passed the empty flask back to Hector so he could conceal it once more in his jacket. “Alright,” he said softly, offering you his arm. “Let’s go placate some cranky ancient demons.”You accepted his arm, and together, the four of you faced the doors, looking up at them with some apprehension.Rora reached forward to knock, but before her knuckles could connect, the doors swung wide — revealing a dark courtyard beyond, filled with glittering figures and lit by seemingly endless candles.After another moment’s hesitation, Rora took the first step inside, tossing her hair over her shoulder and walking in on her silk shoed-feet like she owned the place. Maxi followed after her, you at his side, and Hector followed behind. Over your shoulder, you caught him checking the corners, the exits — trying to find the best way out.In front of you, Rora walked to the edge of a circle of gas lamps on posts, stopping right at the flickering edge of a long black walkway that seemed to glitter faintly in the moving flames. At either side of her were two massive gilded mirrors, supported - again, to your faint shock - by two be-suited skeletons on either side, somehow managing not to crumble under what appeared to be their immense weight.Rora looked with an irritated expression to the one flesh-having person standing just before the mirrors (though the flesh had definitely seen better days, going gray and a livid purple in some spots). The revenant waved her through, and as she did so, you could just make out the slightest glint of green - her green, as you were coming to think of it - in the mirrors on either side of her.Watching her walk through, you noticed a slight discrepancy in each of the reflections in said mirrors. In the one on the left, you saw the faint shadow of someone a touch shorter than Rora - a young girl, you estimated. From what you could see where you stood, it was a young woman in a white lace dress, a slightly differently proportioned figure. The same green eyes, in a face maybe just out of high school…Wait.You glanced to the other mirror, seeing something quite the opposite: a corpse well into in the later stages of decay, with bloating in the upper torso, and a rupture in the stomach that spoke to the breakdown of the major intestines and the deflation of the lungs. Where there should have been a face, there was only exposed and dried musculature barely clinging to the skull, eyes covered in a white film staring sightlessly at nothing as the teeth were exposed in an lipless rictus grin.Oh. Shit.You noticed Rora pointedly not looking to either side of her, keeping her gaze resolutely ahead. For a moment, her step faltered, and you swore you saw her start to look to the mirror on her left towards the young girl — but she turned her head sharply forward again, walking swiftly past the rest of the mirror and only turning around once she was definitely out from between the two. She pointed to Hector, beckoning him forward with a single elegant finger despite the fact you thought you saw her suppressing a shiver.Hector nodded, then looked to you and Maxi. “You shouldn’t have anything to worry about, Querida.” He gave you a faint smile that didn’t quite reach his dark eyes. “This is more for… us.” His eyes met Maxi’s, and looking between the two, you swear you saw them exchange a concerned glance.Hector turned, walking towards the mirrors, but stopped not far from the pair of you as if hesitating.“Hold on, darlin’,” Maxi said quietly, kissing your hand briefly before letting go of your arm to go stand next to Hector.You kept your distance, trying to be respectful, but it wasn’t hard to overhear them as they seemed to be apprehensively considering the mirror checkpoint together.“You’ll be fine,” Maxi murmured, but Hector frowned, shaking his head slightly. “…Look, I haven’t done this in forever either,” he said, nudging Hector gently in the ribs. “But it can’t be that bad… right?”You watched as both men glanced from each other to the mirrors again, Maxi folding his arms across his chest and Hector shoving his hands roughly into his jacket pockets.“One’s gotta be wrong, remember?” Maxi tried again, looking at Hector.“Yeah,” Hector sounded skeptical. “But we don’t know which one.”“…Look,” Maxi said quietly. “If they both scare you, we’ll… I don’t know. We’ll figure somethin’ out.”Hector looked from the checkpoint to Maxi again. “At least you know you have an option that doesn’t suck.”Briefly, the two of them glanced over their shoulders to you, where you immediately did your best to seem like you weren’t watching them this whole time.Maxi smiled just a little. “Yeah, well.” He looked back to Hector. “We’ll see if I get to keep it, won’t we?”Hector seemed to consider this, turning back to the mirrors with grim acceptance. “Guess so.”Maxi seemed to hesitate himself a moment before, slowly, he reached up to place a hand between Hector’s shoulders.Hector looked at him, seeming genuinely surprised by this… before taking a deep breath and squaring his shoulders. After returning Maxi’s gesture with a soft play punch to his ribs, Hector walked forward through the mirrors.He also kept his eyes resolutely ahead, though the reflections in each of his mirrors from where you could see them seemed a lot less clear than Rora’s. On his left, you could see a slightly blurred reflection not too different from his actual self, the bright purple magic emanating from him in more of a wispy aura than Rora’s solid glow. It was weird - he seemed somehow out of focus, like a photograph that had come out wrong. Like the figure in that mirror was moving too much, too unsettled, to really be recognizable. Every so often, you could swear you saw it trying to press a hand to the mirror, but even his hand was just a shape - a shadow of a person, rather than a person itself.The right mirror, however… there was something there that definitely wasn’t Hector. Not as you knew him.A spectral shape you could only describe as wraith-like moved across the long right mirror, no part of it at any point seeming to touch the ground. There were soft crackles of the purple color you’d come to associate with Hector, but they came sparingly, like threads in a much larger, darker form made of the night itself. Where its eyes should be, in some semblance of a face, you could only see two endless black voids that made you oddly nauseous the longer you stared at them.As Hector crossed between the mirrors, you could see his shoulders hunching upwards, as if he was trying to shut something out. He had to fight not to jog the last few steps to safety, but as he got closer, Rora got as close to the mirrors as she could without actually entering them again and held out her hand.Hector kept his eyes on her, seizing her hand as soon as he was in range and the two of them half-pulling each other out of the reflection’s range. Hector also shivered, and the two of them stood together, whispering quietly as they looked back to you and Maxi.Maxi had come back to you as soon as Hector had left, taking your hand again to watch his cousin’s pursuit through the checkpoint. He looked down at you now, and you recognized that look when he was trying to keep his real feelings off his face. “I’ll go next. You’ll go last - you’ll be okay,” he whispered to you, his thumb tracing across the back of your hand again. “This should be pretty mild for you. Just… a bit unpleasant, when you go through.”“What is it?” You looked up at him, feeling anxiety rise up into your throat like bile.“…You ever heard of Three Kings?” Maxi asked quietly. You shook your head, and he nodded towards the mirrors. “Mortals treat it like a game, sometimes. But we do this… or are supposed to do this,” he added uneasily. “Every year. You’ll see two versions of yourself - one of which is a possibility, a future should the right thing come to pass,”he said quietly. “The other is a lie.”“And you don’t know which is which,” you echoed Hector had said, feeling your stomach sink like lead.Maxi nodded. “They’re both goin’ to try to get your attention,” he said. “But just keep walking, and don’t look either way, no matter what they say to you.” He squeezed your hand. “We’ll all be on the other side. Just keep your eyes on me, okay?”You returned the nod, trying to ignore the clammy feeling creeping through your hands. “Okay.”“It’s gonna be fine, darlin’,” he promised, planting a kiss on top of your head before letting go of your hand. “Just look at us, nowhere else.”You nodded, your arms folding across your chest as he walked away from you.He gave you a last look as he stood before the two mirrors, taking a breath and seeming to try to settle himself. With a last attempt at a smile, he turned to face Rora and Hector, passing down the reflective corridor.You didn’t recognize Maxi in either mirror.On the left, you saw a man decades older, with hair gone fully gray and a well-trimmed silver beard. His face showed signs of an eventful life, with dark shadows and slightly noticeable crow’s feet around his eyes that made you wonder if they were from laughter, or something else. But the eyes themselves… they were pure black. As though his pupil had subsumed his iris completely, something not quite hollow like Hector’s wrath, but staring endlessly in their fathomless darkness. The suit the figure was wearing, at least, wasn’t torn - in fact, it was well-tailored and bespoke, making the old man in the mirror look like a distinguished Gentleman Death. You couldn’t tell what he was saying, but the way Maxi was having to keep his eyes stubbornly ahead made you desperately wonder what it was - good or bad.Hesitatingly, you looked to the right mirror again - the one you’d immediately looked away from, when the reflection had first appeared.The man in this mirror was also completely unknown to you. His hair was shoulder-length, somewhat darker than Maxi’s and definitely more unkempt. This man had four long gashes marring the right side of his face - like someone had dug in their nails and dragged forcefully down, deep enough to tear skin and sinew. He had a dark beard that grew around these scars, and on top of that, he was worryingly gaunt. A torn undershirt over his torso highlighted the way his scapula emerged from his muscled back, his bare arms also sporting several noticeable scars. You thought you recognized the trousers as suit pants put through hell and back, as though something awful had happened and he simply hadn’t bothered to change.What worried you most was the fact that this man wasn’t carrying a weapon of any kind, but his right hand was definitely gone - replaced with something that you swore looked like a horrifying mixture of metal and human bone.This version shared the black eyes of the other, but there was something wilder to them. A viciousness you had never seen, like he had forgotten all else.Maxi seemed to be ignoring this one the most, if anything almost giving the right mirror a wider birth, though he did make sure at one point to swerve away from the left mirror too… as if worried something would reach out and grab him if he got too close.Hector and Rora were both waiting for him at the end of the hall, and when he got close enough, both of them threw their hands out, nearly pulling him off his feet when they yanked him forward. You watched as he visibly shivered - something all three had done without fail - and he ran his hand nervously through his hair to push it away from his face. The three of them huddled for a moment, Rora with a bracing hand on Maxi’s back and Hector nodding quietly as Maxi relayed something to them both.Then, finally, all three of them turned back to you, and you knew it was your turn.You approached the mirrors, looking nervously at the revenant who manned the checkpoint. The revenant, for the first time since your arrival, seemed to open its eyes a little wider, surveying you with a critical, almost cruelly amused expression before it seemed to mockingly wave you through. You felt yourself straighten your spine, not to be cowed by some rude dead dude, and with a deep breath in and out, you fixed your eyes on the three Morvants waiting for you.Before you could think about it too long, you stepped in between the mirrors.It took you a minute before you realized that everything was suddenly silent - you hadn’t noticed how much of the party you’d actually been listening to, the distant chatter and music, the clink of glasses. Now it felt, oddly, like the silence around you echoed, a bubble that bounced everything back in on itself.You’d only made it a few steps in before you felt like you weren’t alone.“Ah,” said something to your left, in a voice that was yours but wasn’t. “So I see you’re still alive. Interesting choice.”Oh, no. No, no, no. You knew that voice.That was your head at 2 am on your worst nights. On the nights where you’d kept a hand towel by your bed because too many tissues in your trash would give you away, and it helped muffle the sound of sobbing. On the nights where you thought the sun would never rise, and it would just be you in those four walls, in the dark, for the rest of time. The nights where you couldn’t quite justify to yourself how to face the next day as you were right at that moment.“How’s that going then? Everyone still thrilled you’re around?” You didn’t dare look, but you swore that version of you was smirking - it sounded sharp, cold. Like it thrived on the acid that dripped from its own lips. “Does that boyfriend of yours know what he’s saddled himself with? You think your friends will tell him, if you ever let them meet each other? Is that why you’ve been keeping them apart?”Already tense, you nearly jumped out of your skin when you heard something dragging against the right wall - the sound of a knifepoint on glass, shrieking softly as it was pulled by something else.“So it wasn’t what we expected,” the other you said. Their voice was softer, older - there was a gravity to it you didn’t recognize yet in yourself. “But I promise you, we are more than we thought.”This would have cheered you considerably more than the left voice… if you hadn’t sworn, out of your peripheral vision, you could see bright splotches of a viscous red on whatever it is Other You was wearing.“Is it gonna be worth it for him, to go through all this just to keep you?” The left-hand you whispered, even though it echoed around you like a shout. “Is he going to get to the end of putting his neck on the line for you and figure out that you weren’t what he wanted?”“I know exactly what I am,” said the right-hand you, soft and steady despite the dragging point of whatever was scratching the inside of the glass. “Can you say the same? Can you look at me and recognize every part of yourself?”Fucking hell, you swore these mirrors had stretched another thirty feet since you’d walked inside them.“If you were willing to give up on you,” Left-hand you went on. “What’s to say he won’t decide the same?”“Can you look at me, and acknowledge the parts of yourself you don’t want to?” Right-hand you placed a hand to the glass, and you had to force yourself to keep your eyes on your boots for a moment to let the urge to turn your head pass. “Can you look and see that I’m free of all the mortal things that scared you so? All the little petty things you thought were important once?”
  “You made a mistake, letting yourself be seen by him. You were safer alone. Better alone.”
“Are you going to be brave enough to be me, when it’s time?”It didn’t help that as you walked between the mirrors, it felt like they were pushing closer together. The cold of the glass was etching itself onto your skin, the silver-backed world around you making you feel closed into some sort of prism. A specimen in a glass box.
  “It’s all going to end in the same place. You’re going to die alone. You’ve been mine all along, as much as you tried to convince yourself otherwise.”
“Will you be strong enough to take the knife when it’s offered to you?”You looked up, trying to take a breath, trying not to let the tears in your eyes overflow. You didn’t want either of these. How could one of them really be you?And what did it say about you that you didn’t know which one was the lie?It was then that a movement ahead of you caught your eye, and you looked ahead for the first time since you’d entered the mirrors.Maxi was standing there, his feet as close as he could get to the edge of the walkway with both hands outstretched. You couldn’t hear what he was saying, but you could see the look in his eyes - open and dark. Warm.It wasn’t until you felt your shoulders relax that you realized just how tense they’d been.He wasn’t so far away. You could do this.You kept your eyes on his, trying desperately to read his lips, to hear the voice that was calling to you over the growing din of the versions of you on either side. With all the ruckus they were making - whispered threats into screams, calm reasoning into howls - they apparently hated to be ignored.But you kept your eyes ahead, and you rooted yourself in his eyes as he looked at you. The way they crinkled a little bit at the edges when he smiled at you, rooting for you even when you couldn’t hear him. You felt your hands stretch at your sides, already thinking about how his would feel when you took them. As cool as they were, they would be warmer than the mirrors around you. They would be solid, real. They wouldn’t let go until you asked him to.In the deepest recesses of your skull, you wondered if this was how Eurydice felt when Orpheus looked back. Not with the sickening jolt of fear, realizing that she was damned. But like she was seeing something more certain than the sun at the mouth of seemingly endless darkness.You reached out to take his hands in yours.It wasn’t until his fingers closed around yours that the noise of the world came crashing in around you - the party noise carrying on as though you’d only been gone for a minute, rather than the seemingly endless stretch of time it took to walk between the two. Disoriented at the rush of warm air and sound, you let Maxi pull you hard against his chest, spinning you quickly away from the mirrors before setting you down safely on the ground. His voice was still somewhat distant in your ear, but you could feel yourself beginning to breathe again, your ears clearing like you’d just come up from fathomless depths.“—‘re alright, darlin’, you did so well, I’m so proud of you,” he was murmuring above you, his hand smoothing as carefully as it could over your hair so he didn’t muss it but was still comforting you.“Are they okay?” You heard Hector somewhere nearby. “Here, I wanna see them—“ You saw a figure in your peripheral vision peering over Maxi’s shoulder. “Aww, look, they’re not even shaking. I knew they’d be tough.”“What a brave little mortal,” you heard Rora purr, her freezing hand coming to rest on your back somewhere near Maxi’s merely cool one. “You didn’t flinch once, sweetness. Way to stick it to them.”“…What the fuck,” you managed, your voice coming out like you’d been holding your breath for ages. “Was that?” You moved as if to look over your shoulder at the mirrors, but three hands gently rested on the back of your head, your cheek, under your chin, holding you fast to keep you from doing so.“Nope, no need to do that again,” Hector said, coming into focus in front of you. He smiled at you, still looking a bit drained himself. “Stay with us, okay?”Maxi tilted your chin up to look at him, carefully examining your eyes before smiling in relief. “I knew you could do it,” he said, hugging your waist tightly to him. “I told you they could,” he added, glancing to Hector and Rora with a note of pride in his voice.“Mm, well. I wasn’t about to bet against you,” Rora guided you by your cheek to look at her now, inspecting your face with a cool remove before allowing a flicker of a smile. “And you took it like a champ, too.”“There’s absolutely a jinx on that to make it longer,” Hector muttered, as if irritated by this. “I’d bet you my best camera. It’s shitty showmanship.” He stood with his arms folded, but he stood close to where Maxi was holding you, enough to brush your side with his elbow when he moved.“Speakin’ of that,” Rora sighed, looking over everyone’s shoulder.You realized the party had gone silent again, and when you timidly looked around Maxi’s shoulder, you learned it was because the revelers had all stopped to stare at your little group. Even the band had gone quiet, the lone man on a stage surrounded by instruments holding themselves upright staring with wide-eyed fascination over an old-fashioned microphone.“…Well,” Maxi sighed, looking down at you again. “You ready to give ‘em a show, pretty?”Carefully, you moved yourself away from his waist, letting his hands linger on your shoulders as you found your balance again. Once you felt steady, grounded, you nodded. “Let’s give the nosy bastards what they came here for.”At this, the three Morvants couldn’t help a smile, glancing at each other with an understated pride that made your chest feel like it would glow from the inside with warmth.“C’mon,” Rora said, taking the lead again. With another toss of her hair, she stepped into the black glittering walkway. She passed a man dressed in an understated sort of formal wear, and you realized what his job was when he cleared his throat.“The Morvant House,” he called, his voice echoing through the cricket-chirps in the courtyard as the group of you passed him as well. “Maximilien Vincent, the Reaper. Hector Emile, the Summoner. Aurore Maria, the Maiden. And—“ You heard your own name, followed by something you weren’t sure troubled you or not in its bluntness: “An Obsession.”If Rora had looked irritated at her own title, you saw her glance at you hastily over her shoulder at yours. Hector was scanning the crowd, his eyes wary as he did so. Maxi kept one arm firmly around your waist, and you appreciated how his height seemed to act like a shield for you, keeping you from a good portion of all the eyes that would’ve hit you at once.The crowd looking at you was… beautiful, to be honest. People dressed in opulent finery of another time, glittering in candlelight as they must have for centuries. Some of the people closer to the age of your group had also opted for dramatic makeup in place of masks, and some older members still had full face masks of every color, like Venetians at Carnivale. You could see birds, skulls, lions, monsters, beautiful women, all preserved in everything from what looked like plastic to porcelain. One or two of the masks gave you pause, their crinkled texture in the light making you wonder if they didn’t look a bit like leather. Like some sort of skin. Sometimes, if you let your eyes linger on someone for too long, you thought you saw a cape that looked to be made of the same material, or a necklace or brooch that looked a little too similar to polished bone for your comfort. You realized there must be colors unique to every family, as many clusters of people standing close together seemed to coordinate with one another. Curiously, Pierre seemed to be the only one wearing his unique shade of cobalt. You wondered to yourself if that was because he had outlived his original family, as Hector and Maxi had implied. For a moment, despite his smug-ass expression, you almost felt the tiniest bit… sorry for him. As scared as you were, you had Maxi, and Hector and Rora. You couldn’t imagine having to do this with no one, every year, for god knew how long.The gas lamps and candelabras on every available surface made everything look like you were in the thick of a dream, shadows shifting heavily as you moved through the crowd. Towards the front, where you were heading, you saw Pierre from the House, dressed in a deep blue coat that wouldn’t have looked out of place at eighteenth century Versailles. He stood with perfect posture, his hands folded behind his back, his eyes seeming to linger on you as Rora led you all straight to him.You felt another set of eyes, as well — turning slightly, you looked to see a very pale man with shoulder-length blonde hair watching from along a wall. He had no mask on to speak of, instead holding it in his hand as though he’d simply needed a break. He looked to be about Maxi and Hector’s age, maybe a bit older, with gray eyes that surprised you and a sharp nose.When he realized you were looking at him too, he smiled - but it was crooked, as though his lips couldn’t quite fit around his teeth. He looked back down to his mask, as if to excuse himself from your gaze, but the fact that he was outside the crowd and not among it made you quietly curious. Maybe you weren’t the only one here who wasn’t supposed to be.Maxi squeezed your hip slightly, and you stopped, taking his arm again when he offered it to you. Hector loomed in front of both of you, his own hands folded behind his back in a stiff posture that didn’t look quite right on him. He kept his eyes on Rora, who walked up to Pierre with the languorous strut of a woman perfectly in her element, but you knew from the set of her mouth that she was doing her best to keep her cool.“Monsieur Guidry,” Rora intoned, her voice like silver. She offered him her hand, which he took reluctantly, bowing his head towards it. “I thought I told you what my title was when we last met.” She smiled, and it reminded you somewhat of a plant waiting to close around an unsuspecting fly.“You suggested one, Miss Morvant,” Pierre smiled at her, but it was a poor facsimile at best. “But alas. Until matters with your family are… settled,” he said, examining his nails for a moment. “Then I’m afraid we must keep to what we know. Since there’s so much They Who Decide have failed to be informed of,” he added, his eyes falling over Hector, Maxi, and yourself. “We, of course, have been waiting with baited breath for the arrival of the rest of the Morvant House all night.”You frowned. The rest of…?Maxi seemed to catch this too, his free hand moving to cover yours where it rested on his arm. You glanced up at him, and he looked down at you, the two of you exchanging the same concerned look. This couldn’t be good.“Well, here we are,” Rora said, her smile like a jagged edge of broken glass. “Shall we get on with things, then?”Around you, the crowd pushed forward slightly at this suggestion, as if eager to see what would unfold for themselves. Maxi angled you away from them, Hector seeming to hesitate between moving towards you or towards Rora as he nervously eyed the people watching behind intricate masks and makeup.“On the contrary,” Pierre said, affecting faux hurt. “It would be terribly rude of us to just jump into business, after one of our oldest families has been so long absent. Wouldn’t it?” He turned to the glittering masses, as if to get their approval.There where murmurs of agreement from the families around you, in various languages. You felt your free hand move briefly over the pockets in your tunic, feeling what Rora had asked you to bring for her. Would you need it soon? Was this it?“It’s been too long, Morvants,” Pierre turned back to Rora, then to the rest of you, sweeping a hand in a delicate silk glove of deep blue towards the crowd. The crowd, to your greater concern, seemed to back towards the walls, making space. “I know many of us were hoping you would lead us in the first dance.” There was something about the way he smiled now that made your stomach twist, something too wide about it. “Especially given it’s rather your time of year.”You looked between the three of them, trying to figure out if this was code for some sort of threat. Was that elite magic user speak for ‘we’re about to ritually sacrifice you to our demon lords?’Instead, Rora seemed to just barely restrain herself from rolling her eyes. “Well,” she said, glancing at Hector and Maxi. “If it would so please the assembled.”“But of course!” Pierre’s smile stayed manic, and a few of the older men in the crowd sent up whoops of agreement. “I dare say it would be a treat, given how little we’ve gotten to see of you. Especially you,” he added, giving Rora a very deliberate once over. “Considering your… absence.”Hector stepped forward, clearly displeased by this, but Rora held up a hand to still him. “Fine,” she said, with the slightest of sighs. “If it’s so wished by the Council.”“Wonderful,” Pierre turned to gesture to the band - as in, the lone singer on stage. The instruments surrounding him, to your surprise, seemed to float into position… and after a moment, their players materialized, vaguely transparent despite being full-bodied apparitions of men and women in dark clothes. The singer, a young man with deep brown skin in a smart steel colored suit, straightened his bow tie, and leaned into the microphone.Rora, as she was walking back towards the rest of you, plucked a flute of champagne off the tray of a passing waiter and downed it in nearly one go without faltering once in her steps. She handed it to a portly gentleman in a suit a deep ochre color, ignoring his sputtering surprise as she took Hector’s hand in hers and immediately led the rest of you towards the widening space that you realized was a dance floor.“I’m goin’ to guess it’s one dance,” she muttered to you all. “And then we get ready for everythin’ to go to hell.”Effortlessly, she and Hector fell into position when they reached the floor, looking like they’d done this all their lives. Which they probably had, when you thought about it.You looked to Maxi, who looked to you, both of you doing your best not to look as nervous as you felt. “This is easier than you’d think,” Maxi whispered to you, his hand finding your waist as yours found his shoulder. “Don’t worry if you think you’re messin’ up — they won’t be lookin’ at us for too long, anyway.”You nodded, taking a breath and straightening your posture. “I’ve never done this before,” you whispered. “Not like this, anyway.”“You’re better than you give yourself credit for,” Maxi winked at you, and you stifled a laugh, realizing he must have seen you dancing drunkenly with your friends that night long ago. “You’ll have to forgive my two left feet, though.”“Hey,” you smiled at him. “It’s not like we do this on weekends or anything.”“And I don’t think we’re about to start, after this,” Maxi smiled back at you, before nodding to Rora.Rora looked to the singer onstage, lifting her hand and gesturing casually like this was nothing.The music picked up, and when the man uttered the opening notes of his song, you had to turn and look at him a moment in wonder. You’d heard of sirens before, but the singer’s voice was something otherworldly. He was a choir unto himself, moving through ranges you didn’t know was possible for just one person. The music itself was haunting - too quick to be a dirge, but too full of sorrow and longing to be without a mournful quality.If this was going to be your last dance, the song was honestly rather appropriate.Your gaze snapped back to Maxi as he took the first step, and the two of you moved across the floor in a mirror image of Hector and Rora - who, admittedly, were moving a lot more confidently than you two. But you and Maxi were holding your own, him leading as steadily as he could and you following his steps without hesitation. He was honestly better than he gave himself credit for, but you knew dancing period made him shy and self-conscious, so you were doing your best to offset this by being as calm as you could and hoping he could feel it somehow. Your hand was solidly in his, and for what you lacked in fluidity, you couldn’t remember the last time you’d felt so comfortable being in the center of a room with someone else.It was the first time he spun you that you realized something was happening on the floor around you.As you whirled out and back, you saw blurry figures starting to take shape on the dance floor — like photo negatives, projected into thin air. As the dance picked up speed, Hector and Rora whirling past the two of you, you realized that the figures were beginning to define themselves. Slowly, one to another, they all seemed to float towards a partner. It was only when the figures met that they seemed to unfold into full apparitions - skirts of dresses materializing from fog, shoulders suddenly standing out in the light as partners bowed to one another. The faces, however, remained shifting and indistinct, as though hundreds of blurry photographs were being overlaid in their projection. Like people who had been gone too long to remember who they were.As the two pairs of you moved, you realized the ghosts that had joined you were moving in time as well, and the floor was suddenly full to bursting with other couples. As you spun in across the floor, you could glimpse the bright firings of sparks from Maxi’s fingertips, the purple that seemed to swirl around Hector like his own private storm system, the bright green footsteps that followed Rora wherever she went in the complex patterns of her footwork.You realized that this was them. They — however they were doing this, consciously or not — were not only leading the first dance, but had conjured echoes of their bloodline had come from endless pockets of years past. These could have been members of the family from centuries back, summoned for a dance with the last relatives left alive.The lights of the living Morvants seemed to bounce off the reflective figures of their late rkin, and as you watched, you couldn’t help but notice how beautiful it was. The ghostly figures as they moved would solidify for an instant in your eyeline, and you would recognize a familiar nose here, a set of the mouth there. You smiled to yourself, finding echoes of Maxi and his relatives in all of them.As you looked up to smile at him, enjoying yourself for the first time that night, you realized with a rush of heat to your face that he’d been watching you this whole time, looking utterly enchanted with you.You laughed shyly, despite the soft wail of the singer, and Maxi grinned, pulling you closer. Maybe this didn’t have to be so awful. Maybe it might even be okay.“May I cut in?”Fuck.You nearly stumbled as Maxi froze, suddenly, and you turned to confirm what you feared about the speaker.Vincent stood there, his face patchy but mostly recovered, his nose back where it should be. He looked almost handsome as he stared down at you, in a deep black suit that couldn’t totally escape the look of having been just dragged out of the attic. His mouth quirked in a cruel imitation of Rora’s smile, and you marveled quietly at how something that could look wry and lovely on her just looked hard and cold on him.“…I’d like to keep my current partner,” you said, keeping your voice low and even. “Thank you.”“Oh, come now,” Vincent waved an elegant gloved hand dismissively before offering it to you. “The boy’s got two left feet, bless his heart. You’ve got potential, though,” he added, his smirk taking on an uncomfortable edge. “I bet in the right hands, you’d really be something special, little mortal. You just need a partner with more… experience.”“They said no,” Maxi said, the honey in his voice frozen into something you’d never heard before. “You can either be graceful about it or not.”“And what would you know of grace?” Vincent’s eyes moved languidly to Maxi, as if bored by his presence. “You certainly didn’t get it from me, or your dear ridiculous mother.”Out of the corner of your eye, a pale figure in the spectral crowd stopped spinning, coming to a stop somewhere over Vincent’s shoulder.“What do you want, Dad?” Maxi asked, holding his ground.“The family’s leading, Max,” Vincent said, gesturing around like this was obvious. “I thought someone competent ought to step up, show everyone here how things are really done.”“Yes, because you’re really the shining example of that.” You turned to see Rora arriving at your other side, with Hector just behind her. Around all of you, the ghosts stopped moving, seeming to flicker for a moment in their uncertainty. When the music died, you didn’t really notice.So much for one dance.“My dearly departed daughter,” Vincent smiled as he took Rora in, but there was something vicious in it. “It’s so unfortunate how much you favor your mother, when clearly, you take after my side of the family.” The smile fell off his face like a dead leaf. “You must, considering how you shoved me down the basement stairs and slashed the tires on the last car in the driveway.”“You always said I was resourceful,” Rora said, her face perfectly neutral.“You were precocious for a child,” Vincent said, with a subtly nasty inflection on the last three words. “If I’m being honest, most of when I mourned you was mourning what you could’ve been.” He shrugged slightly, as Rora did her best not to visibly recoil from this. “You had the decency to die with everything in front of you, before you could fail me.”“You got murked by an anxious twenty year old with an eating disorder, dude,” Hector spoke up from behind Rora, stepping forward to put himself between her and Vincent. He stood shoulder to shoulder with Maxi, briefly giving him an apologetic look before looking back to Vincent with a repressed fury you’d never seen on him. “You’re not the one to be setting yourself up as hot shit, here.”“Oh. Emile’s boy. You’re still here.” Vincent barely glanced at Hector before looking to Maxi, leaving Hector bristling and furious. “No, you and I do have a score to settle, don’t we, son?”“I don’t know what you think I didn’t settle,” Maxi said, ice behind every word. “But I will happily put your ass back in the ground.”“Please, spare me,” Vincent snorted, rolling his eyes dramatically. “You can’t even kill that.” He glanced at you, and that was the last straw. “And she’s practically been beggin’ you for it.”“If you don’t fucking stop talking to them like that,” you said, your voice as steady as you could keep it as you stepped towards him. “I’ll take your fucking tongue.”Vincent’s face split into another toothy grin. “Aren’t you precious, though?” He was laying on the drawl quite thick, stepping closer to you with his hands folded behind his back. “Last I checked, no one can kill what’s been brought back by They Who Provide… least of all you.” He extended a boney, leathery finger, tracing a line down your cheek even as you tried to lean away.“Don’t you dare.” Maxi snarled with a venom that sounded utterly foreign to you on him, storming towards Vincent with one hand in the lining of his jacket to pull out a scalpel with a long, wider curved blade - for wide incisions in soft tissue, he had explained to you once, and you braced for a splatter of blood or ichor or whatever it is that came out of living corpses—He was given pause, however, by the ring of blue fire that suddenly exploded around the group of you, penning you all in against the onlooking masked spectators.The crowd pressed in around you again, as if this was some sort of signal. Their masks and faces reflected the flames eerily, reflecting off eyes and teeth bared in grins in a ghastly manner. The last of the ghosts trapped inside and outside the circle started to flicker into nothingness around you - like an old-fashioned film projector on the fritz. You watched some of the silver figures seem to dissolve from the inside out, disappearing like a corroded film strip.Only one lingered, barely, hovering somewhere over Vincent’s shoulders. It was a woman in a long white gown, her face swimming in and out of view.Maxi took your hand in his free one, the other one still clutching his scalpel as he looked around with alarm. Hector was edging nervously away from the flames, trying to divide his gaze evenly between Vincent and the boundary of fire. You looked Rora, waiting for her signal, but she kept her eyes locked on her father and her face as still as glass.You prayed she’d planned for this, somehow, because you hadn’t.Pierre sauntered up behind Vincent through the fire like he was entertaining a chat with old friends at a country club, twirling a lick of pale flames around his index finger on one hand. “It’s very interesting,” he said slowly. “Because I could swear I told y’all to bring your father with you.”“Our car could only hold four,” you snarked, fixing him with a dry look.“Then perhaps they should have put your body in the trunk where you belong.” Pierre looked at you with all the cool remove of a man sizing up prize cattle. “Honestly, Maximilian.” He turned to Maxi. “You’ve been drawing this out for far too long.”“On that, we agree,” Vincent glanced to Pierre before looking back to you, narrowing his eyes. “This is gettin’ embarrassing, son.”Maxi pulled you behind him, staring the two of them down. “It’s not happenin’,” he said, moving the point of his scalpel warningly between the two. “And if you try, I’ll make it either of you instead.”“I’m not giving him up,” you added, pulling your own knife from the inside of your tunic lining and flipping it open. It wasn’t much, and maybe you weren’t the most confident handler of the group, but you weren’t about to stand there and not fight for the man who was yours. “So you’ll have to take him from me.”“It doesn’t even need to be him!” Hector stepped forward, towards the center of the circle. “I’m right here and willing. Just give me time.” He glanced briefly to Maxi before looking back to Pierre. “I’ll do whatever it takes. I just need to finish.”“I did not,” Rora snarled, stepping forward as well. “Drag myself through Hell and tear off the face of my own corpse to have you tell me I’m unworthy of this. Any of you.” She looked between Vincent and Pierre, before gazing to the crowd beyond as well. “This is the Council’s last chance.” She fixed her gaze back on the man in blue, flames still moving over his gloved hand like a beloved pet snake. “You have options. Pick the right one, and we won’t make this worse for you than it already is. We may need They Who Provide,” she went on. “But They Who Decide need us. And they know that.”Pierre tilted his hand, watching the flames slither around to his palm as if considering this before looking back up to the group of you. “…Personally,” he said quietly. “I’ve been advocating for just killing all of you.”He snapped his fingers, and the flames rose higher and wider, obscuring himself and Vincent and pushing the four of you closer together in the center. Maxi stubbornly held onto your free hand, with Rora and Hector positioning themselves at your backs.You looked to Maxi, who was watching the flames with a wariness that just barely concealed fear.“What do we have?” Pierre’s voice rang through the flames just as it had in the House. “We have a Summoner who keeps fucking up his Chain with his carelessness and mistakes because he keeps losing himself to bloodlust.” The flames snared around Hector’s ankle, dragging him down to the ground and away from the group despite Rora desperately grabbing for him, Maxi managing to kneel fast enough and seize his hand just long enough to stall the process for a moment before he was sealed away from the rest of you in a separate wall. “A Ritual that countless generations before him have completed without a hitch, by the way,” Pierre added with a sneer. “So it’s not like it’s hard.”Hector was looking between you all and the fire in front of him, nervously edging away from the flames as they arched over him, as if to create a prison cell straight from Hell. You could hear distant overlapping wailing, the screams of people - first a few, then maybe tens, enough to form a chorus of the dead - incoherent in their fear and pleading, the sheer volume of their howling causing your ears to ring slightly.Amidst the strangers pleading for their lives through their final moments, trying to appeal to the emotions of whoever had them at their mercy, you detected a familiar voice.“Please! Please, I’ll tell you where she is, you can have them both, I don’t want any part of this, please just let me go, I’ll do whatever you want, just PLEASE—“ Sky.You looked at Hector, realizing these must be his victims. He seemed to be overwhelmed at the number of them himself, his chest rising and falling rapidly as he was hit with them all at once.“Then,” he continued, and you felt Maxi pull you against him, he and Rora linking arms protectively on his other side. “We have a wannabe-visionary Resurrectionist who ruined her own Ritual on the first go, didn’t even succeed in her second kill before she choked in the attempt and died because she couldn’t handle her own magic.”You and Maxi both turned to grab Rora, but an arm made of flame emerged with a crack through the black tile of the courtyard, seizing her suddenly by the throat. The arm lifted her vertically from y’all’s reach, Rora clawing at it desperately as her feet were lifted from the floor.“But then,” continued Pierre. “She comes along and thinks that just because she’s the first one to break the rules successfully - rules put in place to protect all of us, by the way, by the very deities that gave you those powers,” his voice got quieter, his sneer now a hiss. “She thinks she’s entitled to another try.”You could see the light dancing off the scars on her body, the Y-incision, the line that circles her cheeks and chin, leaving them glinting weirdly as if threatening to melt whatever spell Rora had placed on them. You heard just one high-pitched wail this time, a blood-curdling scream of an older woman, one you’d never met before. Somewhere under that, you heard the sobbing pleading of a boy on the cusp of manhood. “Rora, I told you not to, not without me! Please come back, please, please don’t leave—“ Maxi. It had to be. You looked between him and Rora, your heart breaking, both of them wide eyed and panicked as they relived the moment of their seemingly eternal separation.Maxi pulled you entirely to his chest, and you hugged his waist, him pointing his scalpel over your shoulder and you trying to keep your hand from shaking as you extended your knife behind him. You didn’t know what good it would do, not against this… but it was the only thing you could think to do.“Somewhere, in the middle of this,” Pierre said. “We get the mortal who thinks that they, of all people, are somehow meant to be more permanent than they ever have any right to even dream. Even when they know deep down they’re just a match to be lit, to ignite a chain of events that’s bigger than they could ever understand.” Something yanked back hard on your hair, and your neck arched to follow, feeling yourself scream as it dragged you away from Maxi despite his desperate grip on your arm, then your hand as you slid away, something dragging you bodily across the floor to leave him standing in the middle of the circle alone.Something pulled you roughly to your feet, and as your neck was pulled even further back, you saw the flaming face Pierre had first shown you back at the House, his hand feeling like mere bones as the cruel bare points of his fingers scratched harshly against your scalp. “You’re lucky you made it this long,” he whispered, staring down at you with eyes that were pure white. “I cannot overstate just how lucky.”He threw you forward hard, and you were sent crashing onto the stone tile, gasping at the searing pain that coursed through your ribs as you landed.“Then there’s you.” There was a new voice now — someone walked forward through the flames, stepping over you as though you were nothing, and you realized when you saw the moth-eaten hem of the trousers that it was Vincent. “And oh, son, do we have some catchin’ up to do.”Maxi was trying his best to hold his ground, looking between you and Vincent as if he was trying to figure out how to get around him to you.“For a moment - probably the most brilliant of your miserable little life, let’s be honest,” Vincent said, his hands folded behind his back as he strode forward. “You finally got the spine to overthrow me. And I admit, I was pissed,” he said, shaking his head. “But I was also, in that last gasp of oxygen, proud. So proud.” You couldn’t see his face, but you could hear that damned smile in his voice. “At last, my boy was makin’ somethin’ of himself. He wasn’t the disappointment I’d taken him for, for all those years.”Maxi tried to lunge forward, to slash Vincent’s throat when he was in range, but you watched him stumble, flames encasing his feet to hold him still as they had at the House.Vincent circled around behind him as he fought against it, only to shove him down hard to his knees. “And you had such potential, too.” Vincent lingered behind Maxi with his hands on his shoulders, staring dreamily into the distance for a moment as Maxi desperately tried to throw him off. “Truly, I thought you were goin’ to take the title the whole time. You did so well with your Chain - not a single one out of sequence, not a slip-up to speak of.” You heard the familiar echoes of screams, men, women, and others, bleeding together in the hysterical terror of their last moments. You heard a low laugh somewhere under all of these, which grew louder, more manic until it was hysterical in itself, and you realized with a pained breath it had to be Maxi.He stopped struggling, staring at the floor with a distant, pained look as the sound of his own laughter washed over him.“And then,” Vincent sighed, leaning on one of Maxi’s shoulders to examine his own nails with a bored expression. “You get cold feet. You decide you don’t want it anymore — heaven knows why, when it was the only thing you had goin’ for you.” He gestured vaguely, as if this was incomprehensible. “You back away from the thing you were born for… for this,” Vincent gestured to you, and you tried to sit up, to glare him down — but your breath was impossible to catch in all this heat, and you felt yourself gasping.“Think about it, Maximilian,” Vincent said, his hands square on Maxi’s shoulders as he leaned down to talk into his ear. “You’re gonna give up eternal power, livin’ years beyond your mortal life span, for this? For some mortal?” He reached up, his own hand glowing a deep rust color as he pressed two fingers against Maxi’s temple.Maxi gasped, and as hard as he tried to shake Vincent off, you saw the rust spread to his eyes, causing his pupils to expand so they were perfectly pitch black. It was a haunting sight, and as he looked up at you, you had to fight to keep the fear off your face.He was still yours. You couldn’t let this just happen.Slowly, you took a deep, painful breath, and started, keeping low to the ground.“What on earth made you think you could ever make someone stay for you?” Vincent seized Maxi’s chin, forcing him to look up at him. “Think about it. Everyone you’ve ever loved has left you, boy. Gone on to better. Hector stayed away for years, because you weren’t enough to convince him to come back. Aurore died because she didn’t think you’d be strong enough or brave enough to help her. Hell, your own mother couldn’t stand it when her favorite child passed and just withered away, despite all your cryin’ and carrying on. You weren’t even enough to keep her alive.” He threw Maxi’s head hard back down towards the ground, and he fell most of the way, doubled over with his shoulders heaving. “And you expect someone to care for you? To want to put up with you for the rest of their fleeting little lifespan?” Vincent kneeled down, grabbing Maxi’s hair to lift his head slightly so he could speak into his ear. “You were made for this, son. Stop tryin’ to hide from what you are. All you were ever gonna be.”Vincent, ever the showman, had been so intent on swaying Maxi, he’d missed you inching your way forward across the tile. You kept your pace steady, shuffling around low enough on your hands and knees that it looked like you were just writhing in pain.As you got close enough to see both their faces, you watched Maxi’s head fall limply forward as Vincent let go, his hair loose and obscuring his eyes. For a moment, you didn’t know what was happening - until, slowly, you saw a soft aura start to form around his figure, the familiar red building to a blinding level you found yourself squinting against.“There we go!” Vincent clapped his hands together near his knee, grinning. “That’s my boy. Look at you, finally doin’ the sensible thing for onc—“Vincent was so busy staring at Maxi, he didn’t notice you right in front of him.Not until you took your knife and shoved the blade straight into his cheek, the soft flesh there parting like that of a peach.The following was a blur: Vincent screaming, thrashing, striking at you as best he could as he was blind with pain. You held your knife as steady as possible through this, planting your second hand around the hilt and pushing hard towards his ear. It was surprisingly quick work, cutting through flesh and muscle like that. But you split the skin of his face wide open, part of his cheek flopping away uselessly to expose the teeth and gums of a corpse revived.“You LITTLE-“ Vincent howled, his hand tangling in your hair again. But when he went to pull you backwards, you pulled your knife from his cheek with a sucking noise, and drove it hard into the middle of his throat.You were surprised with how warm the spray of blood was as it hit your face.Vincent dropped you and you shuffled hard backwards, your hand falling again into the lining of your tunic. Rora hadn’t given you the signal yet, but it was now or never.“HECTOR!” You turned, throwing an antique, silver handled magnifying glass in his direction.For a moment, you were afraid it would just shatter uselessly against the ground, watching it arc through the air — but you saw his hand shoot out from between the pillars of flame, seizing it before it hit the floor.”RORA!” You pulled the soft velvet bag from the concealed pocket Rora had sewed for you, tossing it in the direction of where she was still limply hanging from the hand. You were scared she’d passed out by this point, having been held there for so long, but you saw her hand fly towards the bag, snatching it from the air almost as though it was effortless.As soon as she worked her fingers inside it, you saw a flash of bright green, and the hand of blue flame dissolved, dropping her so she landed hard on her knees next to you.Hector’s cage fell around him, and as you watched them both climb unsteadily to their feet, you turned, getting up yourself to run towards where Maxi was still kneeling.“No!” Rora caught you hard by your upper arm, pulling you back towards her.“Let me just see him, let me talk to him,” you begged, trying to pull away from her. “I need to go—““It’s too late,” she shook her head, watching Maxi with open fear. “We can’t help him right now.”“Then what the fuck do we do?!” You looked at her, incredulous.She nodded towards where the blue circle was extinguishing itself around you, Pierre storming through as a still-bleeding Vincent was kneeling and retching on his own blood on the floor behind him. “We handle this first.”“Of all the ridiculous, insolent—“ Pierre was snarling, and you saw his eyes were still white even in his human face. “You really are insisting on justifying your execution, aren’t you?”“I told you, you had options.” Rora shook her head, shoving her hand into the black velvet bag again. “You still picked the wrong Morvant.”She hurled a fistful of crematory ash into the air, and you saw green sparks zip through it like lightning bugs, connecting pieces of bone in macabre constellations. As they fell to the floor, they began to assemble themselves, and you saw skeletal arms forming from fragments of knuckle bones, legs building themselves into materializing pelvises, teeth forming anew only to set themselves into skulls that bloomed around them.It was the most fucked-up garden you’d ever seen, and it was beautiful.The skeletons, whether partial or whole, turned, still glowing a bright green as they converged towards Pierre.Pierre snapped a finger, and you heard an enormous crash behind you as the two mirrors fell, the skeletons supporting them marching forward with their eye sockets glowing blue.“Nope, those are mine too.” Rora threw her hand out, a tendril of green magic extending from her hand like a whip, and she hurled it at the oncoming battalion, striking them in the eyes so the blue was immediately replaced with her green.You saw other figures starting to form out of purple mist around you on what had been the dance floor, and looked over your shoulder to see Hector aiming a glowing purple orb in his hand through the magnifying glass you’d tossed him. He was focusing hard on what you realized, after squinting hard, were the faintest outline of the family ghosts, drifting through the air like the hints of an afterimage after a bright light. When Hector focused the lens in a specific way, you saw the floating fragment suddenly fill with the deep purple color you had come to known as his. They seemed to solidify, to gain not only details, but a defined face - a memory more than the earlier echo, given life again by someone who remembered them, but by each other, seeming to gain even more clarity as they noticed each other around the room, inspecting one another as if for the first time in ages. Some were still fuzzier than others around the edges, but you realized that was only because they were older, maybe less remembered by the rest of the group. But as they grew in numbers, you saw them turn on Pierre, who was doing his best to mow down Rora’s stubborn skeletons with blue flame even as they reassembled themselves like jigsaw puzzles. The purple parade of the dead converged as one, their echoing voices raised in a single haunting battle cry of Morvants past, and soon, Pierre and what few bemasked guests had come out to defend him were being bombarded by battalions both bone and spirit.You dodged through all this once you were sure Hector and Rora were safe from any other assaults, your eyes on the red light that radiated from the edge of the floor. You ducked a skeleton that was being hurled through the air with a somewhat permanently shocked expression, having no eyebrows or teeth, and slid on your knees under the scuffle to where Maxi was still kneeling, unmoved, on the tile floor.“Baby,” you reached up, trying to brush his hair away from his eyes. “We gotta go. Rora and Hector have set up the distraction, the next step is to get out of here.”Nothing. He continued, staring, black-eyed at the floor.“Maxi?” You pleaded, shuffling closer on your knees to take his face in his hands. “Maxi, we have to clear out while we can. We can leave, we just have to go now.”Still nothing. For a moment, even in the chaos, you found yourself straining to hear breath.“Maxi,” you found yourself turning cold, your stomach twisting in knots. “Please talk to me. It’s me, baby, come on.” You leaned forward, reaching to take his hand in yours.You were slammed back against the tile floor, the wind knocked from your lungs again as his eyes, still black as pitch, stared into yours.You only just managed to stop the scalpel from plunging into your chest as you caught the blade with your hand, unable to help a scream as it split the skin of your palm and your own blood gushed briefly between your fingers.Hector slammed his shoulder into Maxi’s, knocking him away from you and causing the scalpel to slide through your hand the other way. You hissed, curling into a ball as you tried to see straight through the black that crept around the edges of your vision.You felt a cold hand touch your face, but something about it wasn’t solid enough to be Rora. Panting slightly through your nausea, you turned slightly to look, apprehensively twitching away in case of a threat.A lone ghost, still white — the woman from earlier. The one who had stayed, lingering behind Vincent. She was kneeling at your side in a spectral skirt, touching nervously at your face, your temples.You realized, as you gazed up at the ghost of their mother, that Maxi had inherited the shape of her eyes, and Rora had gotten her nose. You knew, though you weren’t sure how, that if she smiled you would see where he got that too.She leaned down, placing a freezing kiss to your forehead. “He’s still in there,” she whispered, her hand smoothing over the bloody scratches of your scalp. “He hears you. Keep talking to him.”“I TOLD YOU NO!”You sat up slightly, watching Rora run over to where Maxi had Hector pinned against the floor, the red sparks of his hand seeming to sap the life from where he had his hand shoved against Hector’s throat. Hector was kicking uselessly underneath him, clearly having been struggling to no avail.Rora knocked hard into Maxi, shoving her own arm under his hand to free Hector’s throat. Maxi turned on her, one glowing hand tearing at her face as he tried to pull her closer by her arm.Their mother watched this, her eyes wide and somehow overbright with nonexistent tears. “Help them,” she pleaded, looking to you. “Help them where I couldn’t.”You only barely glimpsed her starting to fade away to nothing as you got up, forcing yourself to sprint even though it hurt to hurl yourself between the Morvant twins.You were immediately entangled, Maxi now snarling as he tried to grab you while Rora took the sudden release as an opportunity to grab you and pull you back. For a moment, Maxi had hold of your wrist as Rora held your waist, and when you cried out in pain, you saw the black of his eyes flicker for just a moment.You watched as the sparks coming from his hand found your scalpel wound in your palm, crawling into it and just barely beginning to knit the skin back together.Hector came from nowhere, punching Maxi hard in the jaw and sending him sprawling before grabbing you and Rora. “Come on!”The two of you got to your feet, and as you followed Hector, you realized the masquerade had dissolved into chaos. The fire had gone from glue in cases to red, spreading along the stage and the curtains surrounding it and turning everything to ash. People who had been spectating were now running, screaming, tables and chairs overturned as they panicked to get away.As you ran towards the entrance, you watched the glut of people there and realized with the fire spreading as fast as it was, there was no way you were getting out.Hector and Rora seemed to realize this too, the two of them slowing to a stop as they tried to figure out another plan in the chaos.Over your shoulder, in your frantic search for another way out, you saw Maxi get to his feet, still glowing bright red. “What now?”“Your guess is as good as mine, Princess,” Rora called over her shoulder, her sarcasm unable to cover up the obvious fear in her voice.Hector ran a hand through his hair, scanning the room again… and his eyes fell on the giant mirrors, now leaning haphazard and abandoned against the ground. “…Okay,” he said slowly. “I’ve never done this with other people before, but we don’t have a choice.”“It better be fast.” Rora was watching over her shoulder as Maxi was making his way through the crowd.“I trust you,” you called to Hector over the din, having to tear your eyes from your approaching possessed beloved.Hector looked at you for a second with an unreadable expression before he grabbed your hand and Rora’s in each of his, marching you both over to the mirror laying on the ground. “Don’t let go of me no matter what, okay? And no matter what you hear, don’t turn around!”“What are we doing?!” Rora looked from him to the mirror in front of you.Hector looked over his shoulder and then back down, calculating how much time you had. “When I say so, we’re gonna jump into the mirror.”“Hex, what the fuck?!” Rora looked at him, incredulous.“It’s gonna work, I swear!” Hector called.In your wrist, you felt a heartbeat speed up that wasn’t yours, so fast it felt like it might pop through your skin.Hector began glowing a soft purple, his eyes expanding to ominous black, and he squeezed both your hands. “Now!”Just as you caught the scent of Maxi’s cologne from behind you, you jumped forcefully into the mirror in front of you.Rather than feel glass smashing under your boots, you fell through the glass as though into a pool, silvery cold and leaving you breathless from the force of it. Around you, white lights of various shapes - rectangles, circles, ovals - seemed to float suspended in an endless abyss.In the darkness that suspended them, if you looked for too long, you could see other shapes.Figures, seemingly aware of these intruders in their midst.Hector seemed to focus on a vertical rectangle, yanking you and Rora toward it as you floated together in this limbo. You followed, not sure how you were propelling yourself, but hanging onto him for dear life or death or undeath or whatever it was you were on now.As you moved faster, you heard whispers. People - or something else - noticing you there. Trying to get your attention.You kept your eyes ahead on what appeared to be the Right floating rectangle, though how Hector could tell, you never knew.You had to fight not to look back when you heard a familiar voice in your ear.“Are you sure, honey? Is this what you want?”Your great aunt Lula. For a moment, your heart leaped, and you wanted to turn —Only to remember Hector’s warning.You kept your eyes forward, as much as it pained you.
  “Sweetheart, look at me.”
You shook your head, hoping she’d understand.She didn’t. “Look at me.”You kept your head determinedly forward.
  “Look. At. Me.”
Your blood went cold as something new crept into her voice - something you’d never heard from her before in life.You realized then this wasn’t Lula. You didn’t know what this was.
  “I SAID LOOK AT ME, YOU LITTLE LIVING BITCH.”
You felt something claw-like grip your ankle, and you kicked at it, terrified but still trying to avoid looking at whatever it was.Not a moment too soon, though, the elderly woman from the apartment appeared, her hair floating around her like a silver crown to go with her glittering evening dress.“Oh, never you mind that, darlin’,” she said, kicking it hard with her heel. “Those things are just pests. Y’all come on in!”Before you realized what was happening, Hector was pulling each of you through the floating glowing rectangle —And the three of you fell in a heap onto the dusty carpet, air slamming its way abruptly back into your lungs.As you sat up, gasping for breath, Grandmere Morvant gave you an elegant wave from her mirror. “Y’all come back now!” She blew you each a kiss, before shimmering into nothingness.“How long,” Rora panted, sitting up and shoving her hair out of her face. “Have you been able to do that?”Hector was still laying on the ground, looking immensely relieved as the black cleared from his eyes and his glow faded from around him. “I experimented a lot in my twenties,” he glanced at her, grinning slightly. “For a while I thought I was just getting really high, until I realized it was actually real.”“You’re an idiot,” Rora said, rolling her eyes slightly. “But you’re also a genius.”“What about Maxi?” you asked, looking back through the mirror. “We just… we left him.” As everything settled in on you, you were doing your best to push the overwhelming feeling of your chest being underwater aside, but it was getting harder with every second. “I told him I wouldn’t leave him.”“He would’ve wanted you to run,” Rora said softly, glancing back at the mirror. “He’s going to catch up to us anyway.”“Which is why we need a head start.” Hector got to his feet, pulling up Rora and then extending his hand to you.You took it, trying to look away to hide the fact that you were very definitely about to cry as you got up.“Hey.” Hector squeezed your hand, and you turned to look at him reluctantly. “He told me if shit went south to get you out of there, okay? And shit went so far south it’s in Cape Horn.” He gave you a sad smile. “You didn’t abandon anybody. He’d understand.”You nodded mutely, still feeling like a traitor in the very core of your being.“Come on.” Hector turned, heading for the front door, and Rora followed. You grabbed your bag from where you’d left it next to the door as y’all were leaving for a quick getaway, getting dressed here already feeling like it had happened days ago and not just earlier that night.You piled into the mustang, you in the back and Rora and Hector in the front. You folded your arms across your chest, hugging yourself out of desperation to feel the tiniest bit less like you were about to fall apart.“There’s a jacket back there.” You looked up, seeing Rora watching you in the rearview mirror as Hector backed up and peeled out. “I found it in the trunk earlier. You can put that on if you’re cold.”You looked towards the far side of the back seat, finding a leather jacket crumpled where it had been hastily tossed. You picked it up, shrugging it over your shoulders —And you were immediately hit with the smell of Maxi’s cologne.You paused, your chest aching so hard you thought it would split, and pulled the jacket back around to your front to bury your face in the collar.It was going to be okay. You would make it okay.It had to be okay, because you didn’t know what you would do if you couldn’t get him back.The mustang roared through the dark, and you kept your face hidden in the leather, trying to figure out a plan.Well, two: One for if you succeeded, and one for if you failed.
  
    Chapter Text
    It had been well after you’d told him you loved him that you realized just how much of your heart you’d willingly handed over to your strange mortician. It was also before he’d told you the truth, but even that wouldn’t be enough to sway you when it happened.Chasing the dregs of the late summer sunshine and anticipating the coming dark - in more ways than one, it would turn out - he’d surprised you that afternoon with a text that was rather mysterious, compared to his usual invitations.M <3 <[Busy this evening?]You’d just been hanging out in your room, having at last closed out of your remote work and instead pondering whether you were going to attempt to actually read a book you’d been promising yourself you’d get to for months now… or, more likely, just end up restarting your favorite tv show for the umpteenth time. You smiled when you noticed his text, trying not to laugh to yourself at just how foreign the ‘g’ looked on the end of ‘evening’ now when it came from him, even in writing.[No, actually! Thoughts on this? ;)}>There was a longer pause than normal as the ellipsis appeared on his end, and you wondered just what he was pitching you that was taking this much set-up. Your hand was halfway to your laptop to google whether or not that traveling exhibit on medical anomalies was in at one of the bigger museums in the next town - you’d been planning on surprising him with tickets anyway, he might have just beat you to the punch - when instead, you got not one, but two peculiar responses:The first was when he dropped you a pin somewhere between his place and the cemetery where you’d met, but in an overlapping part you’d never been before… you assumed near the Morvant property line. Poking around a little showed you that you’d definitely need to park by the cemetery gates again, as parking near his house would mean you’d have to traverse the rather dense tree line alone - something that, even with sunset as far away as it was, still gave you a faint uneasiness that you couldn’t quite explain.The second was a perfectly centered photo of the abandoned church on the other side of the cemetery, clearly some distance away from wherever he was standing.M <3 <[For reference. :)]You rolled your eyes, smiling a little despite yourself. [Helpful. I take it I’m meeting you somewhere?]>Another, much shorter pause -M <3 <[If you feel like it ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ ][Hush, I’m already getting my keys. Be there in a few. <3]>Well, truthfully, you were doing a little more than that: you took as little time as possible to ditch your hoodie (actually his, a recent acquisition) and trade the soft pajama pants you’d been wearing all day for some dark denim shorts. You left the camisole, figuring you’d only put it on after your shower, so it should be fine. With the quickest adjustment to your hair to make it look like you definitely hadn’t been sitting in weird angles on your couch for several hours while you worked, and adding just a smudge of eyeliner for Gender Purposes, you actually did manage to snag your keys fairly quickly and head for your front door.As you passed your living room, you found yourself shaking off a faint chill, despite it still being warm enough outside to not need a second layer.Of course, as you locked your door outside, you didn’t see the shadow of an older woman near your bookshelf, shaking her head as if in disapproval.The drive itself took next to nothing - you could do that with your eyes closed now - but the hunt for this particular spot did lead you to a far less frequented corner of the cemetery. You would’ve called it outright abandoned, if you didn’t now recognize the signs of someone attempting to keep the stones from being totally overrun by time and grass. You knew the likely culprit, of course. Your heart warmed at the idea of Maxi out here as you’d first seen him, carefully tending to each of these graves as if he knew the occupants personally (though they looked too old for him to have been the one to bury them). But still, you wondered what it was that caused the regular caretakers to avoid this corner. Maybe it was a money thing, you mused as you carefully stepped around a crumbling lawn crypt - families no longer able to pay for the upkeep of a late member many generations past. Maybe there was some arcane bit of Louisiana law you were as yet unfamiliar with, dictating when eternal care passed from the cemetery solely back to the families.Or— you paused, hearing something that sounded just the tiniest bit like a whisper. Something hushed, muffled slightly in a rare summer breeze.You turned to look over your shoulder, suddenly concerned you’d passed by grieving family members after all… but found nothing. Even the grass in its longer sections was barely swaying, leaving no immediate explanation for whatever susurrus had just brushed your ears.Just like when you were leaving your house earlier, you felt the softest chill settle briefly between your shoulders, and your shoulders instinctually rolled at the creep of your own skin. It was fine. You were just alone in a cemetery, and your brain was playing tricks on you as you listened for any sign of the person who’d called you here. You were fine. This was normal.You shook your head as if to rid yourself of the brief sensation, instead stopping to take in a large slate tablet that appeared as you turned the corner. It seemed to detail the occupants of a family sepulcher looming just behind it - one where the grass was just a smidge overgrown around the feet of the stone vessel, but the slate seemed to have held together reasonably well. You scanned the dates out of literal morbid curiosity, doing the quiet math to figure out just how long those assembled - parents and children, it seemed - had been forced to last without one another. You couldn’t help but crouch in front of the stone to get a better look, wondering what could have taken them all in such rapid succession; seemingly one right after another over the span of a year, in what surely must have been a deeply wounding loss to those that survived them. “Cholera,” you guessed to no one, squinting at the slightly faded writing to try to puzzle it out based on the death dates.“…Uh, yellow fever.”You looked around as you realized you weren’t as alone as you’d thought - but relaxed slightly was only the one you’d been trying to find all along. A short ways away, slightly obscured behind another sepulcher and at the foot of a rather old-looking tree that broke up the cemetery rows, Maxi was propped up on an elbow as though he’d just sat up, a book still spread open on his chest with his thumb marking his spot. He was stretched out on a soft picnic blanket you’d used before, shoes set neatly to the side and his suit jacket folded away, leaving him in a waistcoat and sleeves rolled to the elbows. On his other side was a small cooler with a bottle of wine sticking out, condensation trailing down it in the remnants of the day’s heat.Just beyond him, in a dead straight line, you could see the abandoned church looming over more mausoleums towards the more recent burials.Maxi smiled at you, sweet and slightly crooked as always. “Interestin’ way to say hello.”You returned his smile in kind as you rolled your eyes, trying to gracefully pick your way over to him. Instead, you entirely missed where the ground started to slope, squeaking in surprise as you nearly tripped. With a slight scramble, you managed successfully to keep yourself upright, albeit with some minor flailing involved.When you looked up to see if he had somehow managed to miraculously not see this, you saw Maxi had gotten to his feet with surprising agility to catch you, but had himself frozen just in front of you as if to avoid making things worse. You met his eyes in your awkward, frozen attempt to keep your balance, and the two of you couldn’t help but chuckle at your own ridiculous pose. “Enjoying your afternoon lurking, babe?”He shrugged a shoulder. “Just admirin’ the view.” His smile became a wry grin, and you felt your face warm. “Yeah, yeah, okay,” you muttered, your smile turning sheepish. You took the hand he extended to you, slipping off your own sandals to join him on the blanket. “Rickets.”Maxi paused as he was reaching for the wine bottle and a set of wine glasses, blinking at you over the pair of glasses on his face. “…Diphtheria?” He raised an eyebrow, setting the drinking glasses between the pair of you and opening the wine. He leaned closer to you with an exaggerated conspiratory expression as he went to pour. “What’re we doin’?” He kissed your cheek, making you giggle.“Well, I was looking at that marker,” You took your glass when he offered it to you, taking a sip. “And I was trying to guess what wiped out the, uh—“ You turned back towards it, trying to read the name.“The Fontenots.” Maxi took a sip from his own glass, nodding in the stone’s direction. “Family from the 1890s or so, right? And I was tellin’ you,” he tilted his head to look at you. “Yellow fever.”You felt your face heat further still as you realized your mistake. “I thought you were just responding with a random old time-y disease.” Maxi laughed his familiar snort-giggle. “I thought that’s what you were doin’ with Rickets.”“I was!” You protested, grinning now. “You’re the one who just went along with Diphtheria!”“I didn’t want to lose whatever we were playin’!” He held up his free hand in a gesture of innocence as he grinned wryly, and you found yourself laughing, setting your glass aside until you could hold it again.Maxi must have done the same, because a minute later he was pulling you suddenly towards him. You giggled softly as he kissed your forehead, before you wrapped your arms around his neck to kiss him fully.Maxi pulled you closer, and you were happy to spend a few minutes enjoying the faint taste of wine on his lips as his hands settled at the curve of your back.When at last you broke away, you leaned your forehead against his. “…Hey you,” you said at last, smiling shyly even after all this time.“Hey yourself.” Maxi’s smile was soft, as were his endlessly dark eyes as he gazed at you. “You been okay today?”“Yeah,” you nodded, fiddling with the buttons on his waistcoat. “Usual day, with work and all. Just working on more edits for that client with the research paper.” You glanced up at him. “You?”His smile turned slightly grim, pulling now at the corner of his mouth. “Usual day. Mostly.” He hesitated a moment, and you could see him debating whether or not to go into it.“…Only if you want to,” you said quietly, after a moment, and he glanced back at you when he realized you must have read his face. You saw what looked like a flicker of relief in his eyes.He took one of your hands in his, looking at it with oddly careful attention before bringing your knuckles to his lips. He hesitated another moment, holding it there, before at last he set it down, keeping your fingers intertwined with his. “…Another kid left in a hot car. Couldn’t’ve been more than six.”“Shit.” You winced. Maxi was the least squeamish person you’d ever met, especially when it came to the realities of mortality, but even he had things he could still be rattled by. This was one of them. “I’m sorry, Maxi. That’s… more than rough,” you said at last, not sure how else even to phrase it.He shrugged half-heartedly, still not quite looking at you. “It was an accident - it always is,” he said with just a hint of bitterness, looking at the grass as his thumb moved back and forth over the back of your hand. “Parents are always beside themselves, and I always do what I can, but…” He let out a breath he seemed to have been holding for a while, his shoulders drooping somewhat as he shook his head. You reached over to his side, picking up his glass of wine and holding it out tentatively to him. “So you needed to get out of the House, huh?”He looked up at last, and when he saw your offering, a flicker of his usual smile came back. “Yeah, basically.” He took his as you picked up your own, each of you taking a long drink. “…And I missed you,” he added, his eyes softening as he gave you a lingering once-over in your sundress. “But I assumed you knew that.”You smiled a little yourself, gently brushing some of his hair away from his glasses. “It was still mutual.” You took another sip of your wine after you picked up your glass again. “You could’ve brought whiskey, y’know. Or asked me to bring you some,” you added.Maxi hummed thoughtfully, finishing his glass. “I’ve got some for later, should it get to that,” he smiled grimly, setting it aside. “But I figured seein’ you’d be enough.”You blinked, his sincerity causing the breath to catch in your throat, and you saw him turn the slightest shade of pink in the pause. Shifting slightly to move, you gently nudged him backwards a bit, until he was sitting with his back against the large tree that interrupted the flow of tombs. You settled yourself next to him on the ground, draping your legs across his lap, and hugged his waist tightly, tucking your head under his chin. After a single moment’s pause, as if slightly overwhelmed himself, he hugged you in return, burying his nose in your hair.The two of you sat like that for a few minutes - you listening to the steady thrum of his heart, him running his fingers over your hair almost absently, the motion of it soothing despite you not being the one who needed it.“…It’s so fuckin’ terrifyin’,” he murmured, so quietly you almost didn’t catch it. “What is?” You leaned back slightly to look at him, but he held you in place, almost if he didn’t want you to see him quite yet.He shook his head slightly, his nose brushing against your hair. “How fuckin’… infinitesimal a mistake can cost you everything.” He let out a soft, shaky laugh you’d never heard before, and you leaned back determinedly this time, a cold feeling creeping into your gut. “I mean… I know that, y’know?” He looked at you, slightly paler than usual. “I see it every goddamn day in my line of work. It’s just one bad call. One second of forgettin’ somethin’ you’d think no one would ever be able to forget.” He worried his bottom lip with his teeth as he looked out over the cemetery, as if seeing this slip in judgment play out over and over again in each of the stone memorials in front of you both. “I just…” His gaze came to rest on you as his sentence trailed off, as if the words had simply left him.“I know,” you said quietly, nodding. “It’s… it’s hard not to think of it that way, isn’t it?” You leaned against his chest, hugging him still. “Especially with what you see.”Maxi let out a noise that you only realized a moment after was a bitter laugh, and you felt him hide his face in your hair again. He was hugging you tightly around your ribs, and you couldn’t figure out if this was still entirely related to the child he’d worked on earlier. You were quiet for a moment, your hand moving to rub gently between his shoulders through his clothes. Your mind was running rampant over everything he’d just told you — the accident, the grieving parents. The little life cut short. The people who’d seen their dreams of a family, if not ruined, at least unalterably changed in the darkest of ways. The hole in the fabric of their lives that would never be entirely mended — all because of something as simple as a mistake. One mistake they could never fix or take back, ever.“…I don’t think I could do it,” you murmured, half to yourself as you were thinking aloud.He sat up just slightly, angling his head to look at you. “Do what, darlin’?”You paused, realizing what you’d just said. “I— um.” You bit your lip. “Just… having kids.” You shook your head slightly. “I think I’d be too scared. But we don’t have to-- it’s not about me right now, I’m sorry, I was just… I don’t know.” You trailed off, suddenly feeling awkward. You’d never had this talk before, either of you. While you knew Maxi liked kids, and was even more than willing to extol the educational value of introducing them to the Mortuary and its purpose at a young age to encourage a healthy relationship with their natural inevitable end, he’d never mentioned anything in terms of ‘his’ kids in any future tense. Or yours. Or yours as in the pair of you, together.But what if you’d just crossed a threshold you didn’t mean to? What if this was your own mistake that ruined everything?Maxi blinked, looking at you with an expression you couldn’t quite read. “No… it’s okay,” he said quietly. “I mean,” he shrugged a shoulder, rubbing the back of his neck. “Hard not to think about it, in a way.” He looked away, then back at you again, a tiny nervous smile pulling at the corner of his mouth. “This wasn’t how I was plannin’ on havin’ this conversation, I swear.”You giggled nervously, covering your mouth with your hand. “Sorry,” you said quickly. “Just… me neither.” You knew it was going to come up. You were both adults who were, obviously, fairly smitten with each other. But… you hadn’t planned for these circumstances, obviously.Maxi rolled his eyes slightly, looking grimly amused. “Naturally, this is how we bring it up.”“Of course,” you said, your own grimace appearing as you relaxed just a little. Okay. So you could circle this, at least. He didn’t immediately seem heartbroken or put off, anyway.He looked back to you, examining you with a tender curiosity. “Do you wanna talk about the ‘too scared’ part?” he asked, his voice soft.You took a breath, trying to keep it from shaking a little. “That’s a perfect example, isn’t it?” You looked at him. “I’d be terrified of… everything. Of making the tiniest mistakes and fucking them up somehow, or getting them hurt. Of bringing a little human into the world to begin with and not being able to take care of them like they needed…” You swallowed slightly, averting your eyes as you felt heat rush to your face. “Of passing on my, y’know.” You gestured generally towards your own skull. “Any of that. I can barely deal with it sometimes, I can’t… I can’t imagine giving it to someone else.” You folded your arms tightly across your stomach. “Or, just… the physical part, too,” you admitted, slightly quieter. You dipped your chin briefly down towards your chest. “If my body changed in a way that set off my dysphoria, I would be scared of being a wreck the whole time, and stress couldn’t be good for them while they were in there, and then when they finally showed up I’d be scared I’d resent them for it even though it wasn’t their fault, and then—“ You cut yourself off, taking a deep breath to try to keep yourself from spiraling. “…I just wouldn’t, um. Be a fun parent. A kid doesn’t need some crazy anxious person hovering over them their whole life, y’know?” You looked back to Maxi at last, attempting a weak smile with your sort-of-not-really joke and hoping you hadn’t just immediately convinced him he needed to leave you, stat.To your immense surprise and relief, Maxi was watching you with a small, sad smile that spoke of pure affection. “I don’t know, darlin’,” He took one of your hands gently in his, interlacing your fingers and setting it where your legs were still draped over his lap. “Sounds like you’ve thought it through more than a lot of people’s parents.” He gazed at your hand in his, his thumb tracing over the veins laced through your metacarpals, and the longer he didn’t look at you, the further your stomach sank for reasons you couldn’t explain. “Lot of kids would be spared a hell of a lot of harm if other people took that sort of stuff into consideration, instead of just havin’ kids because they think they’re supposed to.” At last, he looked up at you over the rims of his glasses, a dry grimace just barely pulling at the corner of his mouth. “Might’ve saved me and my sister a good bit of grief, anyway.”Oh.You were fumbling for words - Maxi hadn’t told you much about his family, outside the fact that both his parents and his twin had all died in separate, sudden incidents when he was younger, and he’d been running the Mortuary alone for more than a decade. While certain things about him had left you quietly wondering - the way he suppressed a flinch when a door slammed unexpectedly, his near-obsessive attentiveness to keeping the House clean… and, troublingly, the scar over his heart he’d only told you was from an ‘accident’ when he was still an apprentice - you’d found it difficult to figure out what his deal was, as he always found a way to turn the question back to you and your own past. He was seemingly eternally voracious for details about you, even insignificant ones, while only shrugging through smiling but bare minimum answers about his own life. You’d wondered how much of his sunny dad-joke brand of morbid hospitality was covering for something else… at least now you had an idea.“…I’m sorry,” you said at last, squeezing the hand that held yours. “You deserved better, you and your sister both.”“Mm.” Maxi’s eyes immediately fell back to his lap. “‘Deserve’ is… a tricky word, isn’t it.” He was still tracing your veins with his thumb, his gaze suddenly cool and distant.“You’re right,” you said quickly, flustered, and his eyes shot to yours again with a wrinkle of his brow. “I just mean,” You paused, biting your lip as you struggled to get this right. “It’s not about ‘deserve’, is it?” You shook your head slightly. “You should’ve been treated better, period. You were a kid. So was your sister. Even if you both were little terrors,” you felt yourself smiling slightly, unable to imagine that in Maxi even when he was small. “You still deserved people who loved and supported you. Nothing less.”Maxi stared at you for a long moment, his eyes wide but somehow veiled to you. You thought you recognized things briefly - sadness, perhaps? Guilt? - but when he remained silent, you panicked slightly, doing the only thing you thought to do.You leaned forward slowly, intending to give him the chance to pull away — but when your lips were scarcely an inch from his, he leaned forwarded captured yours with such a fervor it surprised you. His hands, still somehow always cool, cupped your face in a surprisingly strong grip, and your hands wrapped around his wrists in response, squeezing slightly as you kissed him back just as ardently. There was a desperation to his mouth that frightened you a little, as though he was afraid you were impermanent - like you would leave, or simply vanish if he let you go.After a moment, his hands left your face, lifting you into his lap with a strength that still caught you somewhat by surprise for how lean he was. His arms wrapped around your waist, seemingly determined to keep you even as he finally had to pull away to breathe.“…Maxi, are you okay, babe?” Even as you were slightly out of breath yourself, your hand moved to brush his hair away from his glasses, trying to figure out just what it was that was fueling this particularly intense affection. Maxi was intensely affectionate to begin with, but this was something… else. There was something to this you didn’t quite understand yet.He hummed softly, his forehead resting against yours and closing his eyes as if suddenly somehow exhausted. “I just love you,” he murmured after a moment, his eyes opening at last. He gave you the tiniest smile, sweet and somehow sad. “…So much,” he added quietly, moving to crush you against him in a hug. You clung to his torso, worried you’d somehow just made something worse.“I love you too,” you said quietly, reaching one hand up to run your fingers through his hair. “I didn’t say anything that wasn’t true, though.”Maxi laughed quietly, his breath stirring your hair, and there was a sadness in it that made your stomach twist. “You’re an angel, you know that?” He kissed your temple before settling his chin on your shoulder. “I know,” he went on. “But it just… it means a lot that you take the time to say that. To me.”Your chest tightened like he’d just put a scalpel blade through it, and you hugged him harder. “I love you, Maxi,” you repeated, swallowing against a lump that was forming in your throat for reasons you couldn’t explain. “…Maybe even too much,” You felt your face heat at your own confession, and you wondered if he could feel it too. “I’d only ever want you exactly as you are. I hope you believe me every time I say it.”Maxi leaned back, kissing the end of your nose before resting his forehead against yours to look into your eyes. “I decided a long time ago I was never havin’ kids,” he began quietly, his dark eyes shining. “For a lot of reasons. Mostly because of how it felt when I was growin’ up. I wouldn’t wish that - the loneliness, the loss, the hurt of it - on anyone, ever. No child should have to endure that, and I wasn’t about to risk…” He trailed off, going quiet for a moment and pulling back to look away, as if for a moment he had to escape your gaze. “It just isn’t a good idea, for me,” he said at last.  “My family has… Too many cycles I don’t want to repeat.…But then you show up,” he turned back to you with a small crooked smile, and it didn’t eliminate his darkness, but rather illuminated what was there. “And steal my heart like you cracked my ribs open yourself, and damn,” he breathed, shaking his head. “If this isn’t the closest I’ve ever come to rethinkin’ that decision.” He ran a hand over your hair and down your neck, squeezing the back of it in a way that made you shiver under his touch. “If somethin’ related to me could ever be anythin’ like you…” His gaze made your chest ache for an entirely different reason now. “I’d almost want to risk it, just for that.” He hid his face in the crook of your neck, kissing the skin there. “Just for somethin’ good, for once, in this rotten goddamn family tree.”You blinked at the raw earnestness of this statement, your fingers loosely tangling into his hair as he held you. You’d spent such a large part of your life making note of every reason you would be a bad person to start a family with, from what you’d inherited in your brain and in your blood to all the little faults you’d picked up that were entirely yours. To have someone love you enough that those didn’t matter - that they weren’t enough to compromise a future, even a potential one - shattered something you hadn’t realized existed.“Hey.” The word was out of your mouth before you realized it, and Maxi lifted his head, his eyes slightly wide like he was wondering if he said too much. You swallowed, trying to get your voice not to shake. “I still want…” It had taken you years to learn to ask for what you actually wanted, and this was the most you had ever wanted something in your life. The words pressed your tongue to the bottom of your jaw with their weight.“I still want a family with you,” you said at last. “Even if it’s just you and me. That still counts.” As much as your face burned with this confession, you held his gaze as steadily as you could, not wanting him to think for a moment there was any part of you that was in doubt. Your hand found his where it was still at the arch of your back, and you took it, kissing the back of it before intertwining your fingers. “We’ll be the one good thing, okay? I know if I could have that with anyone, it would be you. In a heartbeat.” Maxi looked so immensely overwhelmed for a moment, you wondered if you’d said too much, even for him. When he shook his head slowly, it took everything in you not to flinch. “Angel,” he said quietly, still gazing up at you. “You don’t know what you’re askin’.” But his hand never left yours, you noticed. Not once did he ever move to unwind your fingers or pull away. If anything, it held on just as steadfast, a hint of hope in how his grip tightened slightly around yours.If you believed in that sort of thing, you could have sworn you felt sparks pass between your palm and his.“Do you?” Your own fierceness surprised you, but it was true. “Why is it you can overlook everything about me I’ve ever tried to hide, but you think I can’t do the same for you? How come you tell me I don’t get to hate myself,” you said, your voice softening at the weight of your own words. “But you’re so afraid of me loving you as much as I say I do? Like I deserve it and you don’t?”Maxi’s eyes were still wide, and for a moment, his mouth opened as if to argue — but it closed again, his mouth set with anxiety as he tried to find the words.You shook your head. “I don’t care what you think is wrong with you, Maxi, wh—“ You tripped over your own tongue and cut yourself off, startled for a moment by the words that had sprang to your lips unbidden. “…’Whatever souls are made of,’ yours and mine are the same,” you said slowly. You stared at him in a pause that was heavier than all the stone in the cemetery, worrying your lip between your teeth before shrugging somewhat helplessly. “…If you believe in souls, anyway.”Maxi’s eyes were luminously dark in the gold light of the late afternoon, and there was a war in his gaze that you could almost see playing out: the edge of hesitation that you were so familiar with by now, that cold water look of sober caution that you knew came from a lifetime of having to a level head in the face of so much grief.But you weren’t worried about that look, because you also knew what was waiting underneath.The longer he gazed at you, his eyes tracing your face as fondly as his fingertips would have, you could see a cavernous hunger starting to overtake whatever doubts he had. It was that look of need that verged on avarice, the darkness that threatened to swallow you whole with how deep it ran in him.It was a darkness you’d come to think of as your home in him. As a place of rest, where you knew you would be safe from whatever waited outside.Gently, Maxi moved his hands so they were supporting your back, and before you could form a question, he shifted so he was slowly laying you flat against the blanket beneath you both.His eyes never left yours as he held himself over you, your torso between his arms and your face barely an inch from his. He murmured your name - a honeyed sound from his mouth, as always - like it was something sacred, the cold fingertips of his left hand moving slowly down your cheek. “I either want to barely survive you dyin’ next to me in your sleep when we’re ancient and silver, after decades of nights with you. Just long enough so I can put you to rest properly, because I couldn’t stand the idea of anyone else havin’ the honor, and join you the next day.” He leaned down, kissing the corner of your mouth before looking at you again. “Or I want to go the day before you, so I never have to know our life without you in it.” The tiniest hint of a smile crept to the corner of his mouth. “And because you’re the only person in the world I trust enough to bury me.” He leaned down, kissing the other corner of your mouth. “Either way,” he said, his lips brushing yours. “I want the rest of time knowin’ what remains of my bones are next to yours.”You felt yourself grin, relieved and elated. “But I love both of those.” You reached up to drape your arms around his neck, keeping him close to you. “How on earth are we going to decide?”You shivered softly as you felt Maxi’s hand skim up your bare thigh towards your shorts. “We’ll flip for it, if we have to. Heads I go first, tails it’s you.” His hand curled around the top, pulling your leg gently upward so it was hooked around his hip. “We have ages now to figure it out, darlin’.” He kissed you softly, but with an intensity that made you arch against him. “I intend to take our sweet time with it.”Your hands only moved to make quick work of his slacks as two of his fingers hooked in your waistband and pulled it carefully down and off, making you writhe slightly as his knuckles skimmed your hip. He traced his fingers lovingly along your folds, drawing slick from the deepest part of you, before pushing into you as he pressed an open-mouthed kiss to your pulse. You hooked your leg further over his hip and curled your fingers into the silk of his waistcoat, and some part of you couldn’t help but feel as though there was something ritual as he moved in you - actively claiming one another in the sight of so many faceless dead. Stating your intention to join them, one distant day, as a whole - bonded alive, united as ash.Carefully, he moved your arm so his left hand could close around your wrist, pinning it to the blanket as you canted your hips to meet his.If you hadn’t been so taken by the way he nipped your lower lip and sucked, taking your breath away, you might have noticed the briefest searing sensation against the skin of your wrist. Something there that hadn’t been there before.It was only after he’d twice took you apart completely - once with his fingers curling worshipfully against your clit, the next from seeking that deepest spot in you until you broke - that at last he came undone, moaning softly into your still-gasping mouth as you held him.Despite your earlier conversation, he said nothing about the way your legs had locked around his hips, keeping him against you, and you said nothing about the way he’d continued to push as deep as he could through his release, as though determined to keep you full.When at last you both stilled, the faintest hint of dusk beginning to creep into the sky, he pulled you with him onto your sides, one arm curling underneath your cheek to support you as the other held your ribcage tightly against his. In turn, you wrapped one arm around his neck, your free hand affectionately combing his hair away from his eyes.“There’s no part of me that isn’t yours.” Maxi said it so softly, you almost didn’t catch it. You studied his eyes as they seemed to drink you in, still ravenous. “I hope you know that.” He leaned closer, the end of his nose brushing your cheek. “You could call me back from the dead, from Hell… and I’d still find my way to you.”You hummed quietly, content. “It won’t come to that.” You turned your head slightly so you could kiss said nose, meeting his eyes with a smile. “I’m not letting you go anywhere without me. I’m yours too, you know.”Maxi’s swept slowly from your waist up the curve of your chest to your shoulder, and at last ghosted over your cheek again. When it passed over your throat, you lifted a hand to hold his there, squeezing his hand gently as it settled carefully around your neck.You lay there in a gentle haze until the sun at last started to drain from the sky. When you did finally part, Maxi made a point to push every trace of himself by hand back into your still-sensitive cunt, kissing your inner thigh before helping you to your feet so he could walk you to your car.You’d both ended up back at yours, the blanket haphazardly tossed and spread on the floor of your room as you spent well into the night claiming one another again and again.Your heart was his, and there was no turning back.-“…Where are we going?”It was the first time you had spoken since you’d gotten in the car hours ago. The first time any of you had spoken since you’d pulled away from the abandoned apartment and back into the abyss.You were sitting up slightly in the backseat, squinting out the window through the pitch black night to try to read the road signs as you tore past them. Hector had simply gunned it, getting you all out of NOLA proper in what had to be record time and back on I-10. But where you had assumed you would be going back to your place, or even The House - somewhere familiar, to re-group and figure out how to get Maxi back to himself - he seemed to have other ideas.As the car was hurtling down the interstate at speeds that made you wonder how the hell you hadn’t seen police lights yet, you realized that something felt less than familiar about the return trip. There were diversions that didn’t feel like you’d seen them in the daylight, Hector switching lanes and taking exits you couldn’t remember.He didn’t answer for a moment, and in the dim light of the car, you could see his jaw clenching and unclenching in the rearview mirror.“…Actually, I’m curious as well.” Rora looked to him with a frown.Hector hesitated a moment longer, before glancing at her - and, pointedly, not looking at you. “He told me to take them to my mom’s.”“Auntie Ranza’s?” Rora’s eyebrows arched in unmistakable surprise, even in the low light. “You’re allowed back?”Hector snorted. “No, are you kidding me? It’s a miracle her husband even still texts me anymore. She’d be furious with him if she knew. No one’s technically allowed to talk to me unless they want to deal with her throwing a fit.” His eyes drifted briefly to you in the rearview mirror. “But it’s still better than anything else, right?”“Where’s your mom’s place?” You leaned forward, determined to reassert yourself in this conversation that was ostensibly about you, and wherever Maxi had apparently told him to take you. This meant, you realized, there had been a conversation about this exact possibility before the group of you had even arrived tonight. One Maxi hadn’t told you about. You felt your stomach twist, wondering how long he knew this would happen. If he’d expected it all along, or if he’d hoped like you that it might come down to something else - anything else.The twist spread to a painful ache in your chest as you wondered if he’d been afraid when he knew what was coming.Hector chewed his lower lip briefly, as if debating with himself. “…Nogales.” He waited another moment. “The one in Mexico, not, um. In Arizona.”Your stomach felt like iron. “Stop the car.”“Not a chance, Querida.” Hector shook his head, glancing back at you again. “We can’t stop, we can’t slow down.”“I’m not going to Mexico, Hector,” you said, trying to keep your voice level and not from rising in the frantic scream you felt at the base of your throat. “Take me home. Or take me to the House. We have to fix this somehow, we have to help him.”Hector sighed, looking to Rora. “You wanna tell her?” It was half frustration, half something else. It wasn’t sadness. It couldn’t be. You wouldn’t accept it.Rora turned around in her seat, draping her arms over the headrest to look at you. For the first time since you’d all fled, you saw just how exhausted she looked, her hair limp and sweaty compared to the luxurious soft curls she’d had when you’d climbed in the carriage. Her makeup was smudged in dark green streaks down her face, from fighting and then fleeing the scene, or from silent crying in the dark of the car, you couldn’t be sure. With every pair of headlights that passed in the opposite direction, her eyes themselves briefly reflected the same shade of bright green, like a coyote on a night vision trail camera. “Maxi’s not… himself,” she said softly. You held up your scalpel-sliced hand, showing her the damage that now made it hard for you to make a fist. “I noticed.” It wasn’t until you saw her staring at it, confused, that you paused to look yourself - and froze, seeing the gore on your hand had been actually rather minimized. There was still an angry wound with exposed new skin, to be sure, but it was no longer the slashed-open mess you’d been keeping wrapped in the skirt of your costume tunic, trying to staunch the bleeding. Like weeks of healing had happened in the space of hours. If you looked closely in the moments of true blackness between headlights and tail lights, it even seemed to be glowing softly in the darkness - a rose color, just beneath your skin like a dying ember.She at last reluctantly tore her gaze away from it, looking to you. “He’s in the final state of the Ritual,” she went on. “What happens when we pursue the links in our Chain. His conscious mind’s been shoved under, suppressed by the… part where our powers come from.” She waved a hand, as if aware this was a shitty explanation. “It’s not entirely part of us. We have its abilities when we’re conscious, of course, but when it’s been activated… like his was,” Her eyes moved for a moment to the middle distance, and you wondered if she was also seeing Vincent seeming to use his own abilities to set Maxi off. “…It’s a separate nature, almost.” She looked to you. “It’s not human. It’s not gonna see you as human, either.” She was trying to keep her face neutral, but her lips gave her away as she flattened them briefly into a nervous line. “He would only see you as prey, sweetness. An Obsession.” Your heart sank as she said the word, as if you hadn’t heard it a hundred times before now. It was almost as if you’d been pronouncing it wrong this whole time, but when Rora said it like that, it suddenly gave all of this a grim new meaning.The love of your life was hunting you.“…I need to keep trying, though.” You shook your head, remembering the desperate look their mother had given you before she faded away. “He’s in there. I know he is.”“Querida, he’s under so many layers of supernatural bullshit right now, he might as well be at the bottom of the Mississippi,” Hector said over his shoulder. He shook his head again. “It’s too dangerous. Your Mark basically became a homing beacon for him as soon as his eyes went black. He’s gonna do anything and everything he can to follow us to get to you and finish the Chain.”“You’re not yourself for him right now,” Rora said, desperation creeping into her tone. “He’s not gonna realize what he’s… what he’s done,” she said, wording it carefully. “Until it’s too late for both of you. That part exists in all of us, petal, you have to understand.” She reached forward, grabbing your hand and surprising you with her intensity. “It’s a monster that all of us have played host to our whole lives. This is what we do, it’s what we were born for.” She shook her head, looking at you with a mix of frustration and pity. “And now the monster in him needs to finish you off if it wants any chance at free reign, you understand?”You held her hand, trying to keep yourself thinking and keep your shit together. You couldn’t despair now. He still needed you. “So what,” you said, looking between the two of them. “We’re just gonna play ‘It Follows’ until he kills me? Is that what this is?”“It’s why I’m taking you to my mom’s.” Hector said firmly. “She… look, she doesn’t like me much anymore,” he said, and there was some bitterness in his tone. “And she definitely won’t let me and Rora stay with you. But if we explain what you are, she’ll keep you alive, you hear me? And that’s all Maxi wanted.” This last bit strained his voice, as if the idea was physically painful to him. “So that’s what I’m doing, okay? I’m not fucking this up.”You blinked, recognizing something in what he said from Vincent’s tirade against him earlier. Fucking up his Chain with his mistakes. He was scared to make another mistake with you.“Hector,” you leaned forward, your free hand touching his shoulder. “I need you to be really honest with me right now, okay?” You took a breath, trying to brace yourself. “What happens to Maxi if I go hide at your mom’s? Will he be okay? Will this thing just burn itself out?”Hector met your eyes in the rearview mirror, and you could see him at war with himself as he fought to keep his expression in line - though, when the worry at last cracked through, it wasn’t hard to see a family resemblance, and your heart ached.“If this is gonna wear off, if he’ll recover, go back to normal,” you said, hope filtering into your voice as much as you were trying to stay neutral. “If I’m just hanging out there for a few days until shit cools down, then I’ll go, okay? I’ll even go quietly.” You waited for a moment, and there was no immediate response. “But if there’s a single chance this hurts him,” you went on, trying to sound braver than you felt. “Then you have to take me back to the Mortuary.”“That’s as good as killing both of you.” Hector said. He looked at Rora, eyes fierce in their darkness. “Tell her I’m right.”Rora looked out the window, choosing her words. “There’s two ways this goes, little mortal,” she said, looking back to you. “Either he kills you, or something else kills him.” She hesitated. “If we take you to Ranza’s, that’s someone else to pull the trigger, you understand? And she won’t… have second thoughts, or doubts. Not like any of us would.” Her eyes were wide, anguished at the idea as much as she was trying to keep herself together. “She’ll keep you alive.”You yanked your hand back from hers. “Take me to the House or I’ll open the door and roll.”“Loca, I’m going eighty on the Interstate, good fucking luck!” Hector said over his shoulder, but there was an edge to his voice that told you he was still slightly nervous.“What’s the point?!” You shot back. “If it’s either him or me and the cards are in his favor, at least I’d be mostly dead by the time he found me!” You looked to Rora, who was still facing you. “I’m not having a hand in killing him. Even passively.” You shook your head fiercely. “If I’m cannon fodder in this, then let me go and let’s get this over with.” You looked back to Hector, your voice softening. “If I go, it’s not anyone’s fault. It’s a choice I made, okay? It’s not on you.”“Shut up, you’re not doing that!” Hector snapped, but you could hear the panic creeping into his tone. “Ror, do something with her, I fucking can’t right now, I’m gonna have a fucking panic attack on fucking I-10.”“Honey, I can’t fuckin’ drive at night, you know that.” Rora shot back, looking at him. “Get your head together and take some deep breaths, they’re not gonna do shit.” She reached over, gently squeezing his shoulder before looking back to you. “Quit scarin’ him,” she hissed under her breath, eyes furious but also slightly pleading.“Rora, take me back to the House.” You took her hand in both of yours in a reverse of her earlier gesture, pleading. “If there’s no way out of this for both of us, then I’ll be the one that takes the fall, okay? But I’m not running, I’m not playing cat and mouse forever until we get someone else to take the first shot because none of us can bear to.” You shook your head, tears filling your eyes unbidden. “Just let me try to… see him, talk to him, I don’t know! Your mom told me he’s still in there, that I have a chance if I can just get through to him.”Rora’s eyes widened, flinching out of your grip as though you’d slapped her. “M-My mother,” she snarled once she’d collected herself. “Never lifted a finger to help either of us while she was alive. Ever. She saw everythin’ our father did to ‘prepare’ us both and just… let it happen. All of it.” In her acidic rage, you could hear a strain of grief. Hastily, she wiped her arm across her eyes, as if angry with herself for her tears. “She barely paid attention when we were all alive, why the hell would she give a damn now that she’s dead?”“She was at the Masquerade. She came to… heal me, help us, I don’t know. Something held her there, she didn’t fade like all the others.” You moved some of your hair aside to show her the scratches down your scalp from where Pierre had dragged you, the skin miraculously closed. There must have been something there in terms of ghostly evidence, because when you sat up again, her face as less angry and more shocked. “She told me to help you both where she couldn’t. She told me he hears me, to keep trying.” You felt tears trail down your face for what felt like the umpteenth time that night, surely rendering your heavy eye makeup a messy blur. “So just let me try, okay?” You swallowed against the lump in your throat. “If there’s even a chance I can bring him back, I couldn’t live with myself if I didn’t try.” You felt your hands squeeze into fists, your nails digging into your non-wounded palm as you fought to staunch the onslaught of memories flooding through your brain: Maxi looking at you the first day in the cemetery. The two of you hiding in the hearse from the rain. Telling him you loved him on his bloodstained couch, and giving him the rest of your life underneath the ancient oak. Your last moments together in the abandoned apartment.Where his Mark lingered on your wrist, invisible, you thought you felt the tiniest bit of a throb. Like a tinier version of the ache that threatened to split your chest in two.“Rora, I know he’s your brother,” you pleaded openly. “But he’s my family. He’s the rest of my life. And I’m his.” You wiped your arm hastily across your own eyes, feeling the return of that familiar fierceness in yourself. “I need to fight for that, even if it ends badly.”Rora looked at you for a long time, her face mirror smooth again - but you knew that was only because she didn’t want you to see her arguing with herself, wondering if there might be something to your words after all.“…What, what’s happening back there?” Hector said after a moment, looking over his shoulder the best he could at you. He turned the other way, looking to Rora, and threw back his head in aggravation. “Ror. You cannot be seriously fucking considering this right now.”“Give me a minute, Hex! Goddamn!” Rora spread her hands in frustration, whipping her head around to look at him. “I mean, what if they’re right?!”“I have my instructions, okay? I have what Maxi actually told me to fucking do, and I’m going to!” Hector argued, looking at her. “It didn’t have anything to do with her trying to talk to him, or Tia Mathilde, or anything like that!”“But what if we can beat this?” Rora sat back in her seat, looking at him with a new fever in her eyes. “What if we can finally can get out from under the bastards? Or even make a dent in tryin’?”“And do what no one else in our family ever could? A whole generation of fuckups versus They Who Decide? Are you hearing yourself?!” He looked back at her just as fiercely.“Powerful fuckups, may I remind you.” Rora said, staring him down. “And this one’s no shrinking violet, she stabbed my dad in the fuckin’ face back there.” She jerked her head in your direction.“And then the throat,” you reminded her.“And the throat,” Rora repeated, gesturing emphatically to Hector. “And all they had then was their little fuckin’ butterfly knife.”“So what, we hand them a machete and tell them to go to town?!” Hector stared at Rora like she’d just belched up a whole frog. “Even if we gave you a bigger blade, Querida,” he said, looking over his other shoulder at you as best he could while still steering. “You really think you could stand a chance?” He didn’t mean this as a knock. You could see actual concern in his eyes in the rearview mirror. “That’s some fucking… final girl bullshit you’re gonna have to pull off. You know that, right?”You felt your hands flex again instinctively, trying not to let yourself be talked out of it now. “You know that’s something Maxi would say?” You smiled wanly. It was true, though… your mind briefly flitted back to the two of you in the movie theater, ages ago, whispering bad jokes back and forth like you hadn’t really gotten to before with anyone else. The ache in your chest at the memory was just a dull pain now, as if a permanent fixture, but when you felt the slightest throb in your wrist, you wondered again if your mark was acting in more than one capacity.“…Yeah, well,” Hector muttered. “Even his genre bullshit comes in handy sometimes. I don’t know. But I stand by my point.” He met your eyes again in the mirror, long and steady. “You sure about this?”You met his gaze. “I don’t know if we have another choice,” you said quietly. “And I’m not about to leave him to this alone.” You shook your head. “He wouldn’t, if it was me.”Hector shook his head, muttering too softly and too quickly in Spanish for you to be able to catch what he said, but based on the way he slapped the steering wheel in frustration you got the feeling it wasn’t exactly a statement of confidence. “…Fine,” he said, gruffly throwing his hands up for a moment before immediately returning them to the wheel. “Fine. Whatever. Get yourself killed by my cousin’s possessed ass, see what happens. I’ll pull you up on the ouija board just to laugh in your face.” He was pointedly avoiding your gaze in the rearview mirror, though, and there didn’t seem to be any real heart to his malice. He pointed suddenly to Rora. “If they get killed,” he said, his voice dangerously low. “This is on you. I tried to be the voice of reason, for once. You’ll have to be the one to make it up to Maxi when he never wants to get out of bed again. I tried to do what I was supposed to do, but no, fucking Rora wants to humor Loca back there…” He cut himself off, fuming.“Will you just trust me?” Rora said, glaring at him. “I trusted you when you wanted me to put my foot through a mirror, and that worked.”“Yeah, but that’s different,” Hector bit back. “I could control that. This is leaving our mortal to our knife-wielding cousin who’s so down bad he’s got the most powerful Obsession in a century, and hoping she comes back with minimal damage. Alone.”“We can fuckin’ stay, if it bothers you that much!” Rora gestured to him frustratedly. “You wanna try to play defense, see how that goes? Would that make you feel better?”“Goddammit, Rora.” Hector shot her a dark look. “You know what I mean.”“You don’t have to do that,” you said immediately, frowning. “I’m trying to keep him away from y’all. I don’t want there to be more casualties than there have to be.”“It’s not about that,” Rora said, right as Hector said “We’re not worried about that.”“It’s not that we can’t go toe to toe with my brother,” Rora explained quietly. “Trust me, we can. But other necromancers around at the end of a Ritual make the one undertaking it… skittish.” She shook her head. “It might mean he gets more aggressive with you.”“We can’t risk that,” Hector added. “It’d blow the whole point.”You could only nod, this knowledge sinking in your stomach like lead. So even if you wanted help… it really was just going to be you out there.But you remembered back at the Masquerade, when you’d cried out at the painful grip Maxi’d had on your wrist and you’d seen the black flicker for just a moment.He was still in there. Some part of you knew that like it was instinct.It was just going to be a matter of getting Maxi to realize it, too.“I know what I’m doing.” You looked between the two Morvants in front of you. “This is my decision. You both tried to talk sense into me and I didn’t listen.” You felt a sad smile tug at the corner of your mouth. “If… if I don’t come back, y’know. Like I am now.” You couldn’t figure out how else to phrase it, not wanting to put the worst possibility… well. Out there. “Then I’ll come back and absolve you both through EVP or something, whatever works best for y’all.”Rora and Hector were silent for a long time, exchanging a long, nervous glance you only caught in the rearview mirror when a pair of headlights passed by from the opposite direction.“…You wanna drop me in the old cemetery by the House?” you said softly, as if you were just asking them to take you home after a night out. “I’ll wait for him there. Give you guys some room if you need to clear out.”Hector looked at Rora pointedly, and Rora returned the look with a straightening of her shoulders before she looked to you. “His hands are where his powers are centered. It’s different for all of us. If you get… cornered,” She took a small, subtle breath. “Break them, smash them, whatever you have to do to buy time. Even if it hurts to watch.”“Keep your shoulders up.” Hector added. “He’s gonna want to go for your throat when it’s time. Don’t give him the opportunity.”“And keep wearing that,” Rora said, nodding to Maxi’s leather jacket you’d slid into. “It’s more coverage than you had, at least.”You never thought you’d ever hear anyone say this about your morbid sweetheart… let alone his cousin and his sister, whom you’d started not trusting as far as you could throw them.Weird, how this all had played out. But even weirder, you found yourself… calm. Like it was always going to come to this, somehow.“Thanks, you guys.” You met Rora’s eyes and Hector’s in the mirror with a small, genuine smile. “We love that ridiculous goody two-shoes, as fuckin’ annoying as he is sometimes about… what we are.” Rora sighed, tossing her hair impatiently over her shoulder. “We never wanted it to come to this for him. Or for you, now,” she mumbled.“Try to come back in one piece, okay?” Hector added softly. “Mostly so we don’t have to deal with his emo ass for the rest of time if you don’t,” he tried to joke. “…But it’s also not so bad, having new blood around.” His eyes found yours in the mirror, this being more genuine. “Kinda nice, even.”“I’ll try not to let it go to my head,” you said, with a tired laugh. Well. At least if you were going to go out at the hands of the person you loved, the three of you in this car were ending things on good terms.The rest of the ride was tense silence, and all too soon, you felt Hector slowing down on a road that seemed familiar to you in the dark, even with the only streetlamp on the whole road standing guard next to the cemetery gate. “…We’re here,” he said uselessly, even after you’d stopped.The cemetery outside seemed bereft of all sound, even the crickets having stashed themselves away in the flush of the cold midnight air. As you stared across the silent expanse of grass, gravel, and marble, you suddenly realized just how… vast, it felt.How a place you had once considered safe now felt like it was waiting to swallow you into a grave of your own.“…Okay.” There was no more putting this off. You opened your car door, stepping into the waiting night—And paused, seeing Hector and Rora each get out too. Rora slammed her car door, walking around to your side with a sharp gait and, before you realized what was happening, stubbornly pulling you into an awkward hug.“Don’t you dare die,” she whispered, and you were caught off guard both by the cold solidness of her shoulder and the smell of her gardenia perfume still on her skin. “Because tryin’ to bring you back properly is gonna give me fits, I can already tell.”You said nothing, just turning your head to kiss her cheek. She pulled away, and you could see a faint discoloration in her cheeks - maybe it wasn’t quite the right color for the blush of a living person, but it had about the same effect in the dim light.Hector shuffled next to her, oddly shy for once, with his hands shoved in the pockets of his now rumpled suit jacket as if trying to decide if a hug from him would be okay or not. But when you held out an arm to him, he immediately walked forward, hugging you fiercely.“I really hope you’re right about this, prima,” he mumbled. “For both of you.”You pressed a kiss to his cheek in turn, and he stepped back, rubbing the spot slightly with his fingertips.“Congrats,” you said, giving them both a grim smile. “You’re officially off Mortal Supervision Duty.”The two of them exchanged looks with an edge of nervousness, neither of them laughing at your joke.“…Find us at the House, after.” Rora said at last, looking back to you.“We will.” You nodded, trying to sound more confident than you felt. You watched them for a moment longer, shoving your hands in the pockets of Maxi’s leather jacket. “I’ll see you then.” You did your best to smile a last time before turning at last to the cemetery gates.Better to move now. Give yourself time to find a place to hide if things went south… again.You walked in, finding the gate miraculously unlatched (though, given it was Louisiana, you maybe weren’t totally surprised), and heading towards the heart of the cemetery to find a place to wait for your possessed beloved to follow you to the closest feeling you’d had to home in a long time.It was only when you’d gotten so far inside that you thought to look back, having not heard the car restart yet.When you did so, you saw the reflections of purple and green eyes watching you in the depths of the dark, unmoving even as you made your way further still away from them.-

The cemetery was surprisingly easy to navigate in the dark. The larger aboveground mausoleums served as silhouetted landmarks, lit only by the light of the moon and the faint orange glow of the singular streetlight. While the ground was uneven in some places, you could move well enough past the lawn crypts, finding your way through the winding rows with only one near-fall.This was right now, though, you reminded yourself. If it came down to a dead sprint through the dark, you might be less lucky.You tried hard to suppress a shiver at this - the idea that the person you loved and trusted with the rest of your life would be as hellbent on ending it as everyone had said, tearing through the night after you to plunge you into permanent, unceasing darkness. Darkness he would potentially never join you in.But he was still Maxi. Your Maxi. You had to believe that even in the midst of whatever spell his father had put him under, there was a part of him in there that was just… looking for you. Trying to resolve the ache that continued to throb in the middle of your chest, threatening to tear you apart with the idea there was any real possibility you would lose the only real home you’d ever known in someone else.You found yourself inevitably at Mrs. Botetourt’s headstone, just as a pair of watchful eyes sighted you from elsewhere in the darkness. She wasn’t around - the remnants of the Death’s Draught were still active in your system, apparently, allowing you to perceive the faintest trail of something glowing like silver in the moonlight. It illuminated a path she’d apparently taken towards the cemetery gates, the opposite of the way you’d just come from… and it didn’t look like she’d been the only one, by far. All around you, if you looked long enough, you could see soft, pale shapes floating slowly in the moonlight, looking all the world like giant ephemeral bees attending to stocky stone shrubs. Some were rising like balloons from their gravesites and seemed to follow these silver threads on the ground to the borders of the cemetery, where they then drifted on to places unknown. Some were following them back the other way, finding their place of rest and slowly sinking down into the ground that held their earthly bones like slipping into a hot bath. You’d always heard Halloween, All Soul’s Day, and Dia de los Muertos were when the veil between the living and the dead were thinnest - but you’d always imagined this as a painful process of rupturing, a wound re-opened in the fabric of the universe. What you saw in front of you now was far more gentle, reminding you vaguely of nature docs you’d seen about traveling pods of whales, or the migration of monarch butterflies. Something still a cyclical part of the world around you, even if it was a facet you’d never seen before. In their slow, almost carefree drifting, you wondered if the newly returned were off to spend the next few days with people they loved still on this side of things, or if they were going to tend to earthly matters of their own left unattended.You’d have to ask Maxi, when he came back to you.Shoving your hands again in the pockets of his jacket, you let yourself lean slightly against the freezing stone of Mrs. Botetourt’s marker, trying again not to shiver with nerves and cold as you looked up into the starlit sky. But as your fists clenched and unclenched again in your feeble attempt to keep calm, to feel like you had some semblance of control over… any of this, you paused as your thumb brushed something surprisingly unyielding. There was something in the lining of the jacket that felt foreign somehow. Something hidden, rather than just part of the structure like you’d first assumed.You tried to get your hand around it through the cloth, searching for a hidden seam and entirely missing the flicker of movement in the window of the abandoned church. The object in question was hard, oddly straight - something that didn’t flow with the rest of the leather as it moved around you. The jacket was big enough that you hadn’t noticed it initially, but now that you were waiting here, your nerves like piano wires, it seemed impossible that you had missed it to begin with.After your hand at last slipped through a hole in the inner lining, you reached in, pulling out something that felt curiously cold — like steel under your fingertips.And steel it was.You realized, after pulling it into the limited light, that you were holding a trocar by its handle. It wasn’t one of the longer ones - the ones used for aspirating lungs, removing air from the large and small intestines through the abdominal walls after death - but it was still long enough that it could cause some damage.As you held it up in the moonlight, you squinted, trying to see just what was gathered around its tip and hiding the full shine of the metal. Whatever it was, it was dark, with the consistency of a liquid that had dried… and, when you poked it tentatively through the safety of the leather sleeve, more than willing to crumble away at the slightest interference. …Wait a minute.Though now it felt like eons ago, you thought back to Maxi’s first honest confession to you in your candlelit bedroom about what he was. About what he’d done.Specifically, how he’d used a trocar to scramble the frontal lobe of the creep from the club that night who hadn’t wanted to leave you alone.You stood there, the trocar now seeming to glint more ominously in the light as you considered it. Here was yet another piece of undeniable proof of what he was. Of what he could do. What he could have in store for you, though you didn’t see the red eyes watching you from the church barely a sprint away.He would find you here. This would be the first place he’d look for you. If the situation were reversed, you supposed the would be the first place you looked for him too. It was odd, to think how the love of your life had started here, and might possibly end for you here as well.But this had still been the only place you’d thought to go, despite your fear, despite the gnawing doubt you were trying to push to the back of your mind. What did it say about you that your first instinct had been to find a familiar playing field, rather than any place to hide or take shelter?Aurore had said there was nothing pre-destined about how you and Maxi had left your marks on one another - how you both had chosen it - and you supposed that made a grim sort of sense. If Maxi was, in fact, a monster, then perhaps you were the obvious choice for him: someone more willing to stare a monster down than to run out of any sense of self-preservation. Someone whose idea of darkness had been the voice inside their own head, rather than the serial killer who’d made himself at home in your bed.You’d never felt less afraid of being yourself than when you were with him, though. Of all people, he’d never once made you feel like all the things about yourself that made you anxious were anything to ever worry about. There was no part of you he made you question or doubt, just as there was no part of him you didn’t love. Just as you knew he loved you just as fiercely.Surely, if you had any chance of a future, it was worth trying to survive one night.And then, if it could never be yours after all, at least you would never—The mark on your wrist burned before you heard the footstep, the soft crunch of gravel just behind you.You spun, shoving the trocar in your hand hard upwards out instinct.Adrenaline must have been what kept your arm upright despite the massive crunching force against the tracer’s needle, the painful scraping of the scalpel’s blade hard enough against the steel to cause small sparks.Between the moonlight and the blood red fury of his eyes, you saw Maxi trying to shove his scalpel hard towards your chest.“Hey, you,” you breathed, already feeling like the wind was knocked from your lungs as your arm started to shake from the sheer amount of pressure trying to force it down and away.It suddenly occurred to you that your beloved had a good few inches on you, combined with that gator jaw strength that regularly surprised you when you least expected it.Fuck.Maxi’s teeth were a gleaming snarl as he pulled the scalpel hard back, lunging towards your abdomen now. You didn’t try to block again, instead skittering away from the headstone so the scalpel instead collided with granite. His resulting yell was half pain and half fury, something you’d never heard from him that made your blood run cold.You had to run. Now.You picked a direction and tried to sprint, only to feel fingers curl had into your hair and pull you backwards against solid flesh.Your wrist burned and your chest ached as you felt a stinging cold against your throat, and without thinking, you threw your elbow backwards as hard as you could.Maxi doubled over with a surprised grunt, and you smashed the back of your skull against his jaw, feeling an unpleasant crunch as you did so.“ShitsorrygetOFF!” You pulled away from the hand holding your hair as quickly as possible, yelping as you definitely felt a a good lock of it or more tear from your scalp. You set your sights on a clearing on the other side of the cemetery, and without much else in your head, you booked it.You heard an enraged scream behind you, and you blinked hard against the tears that threatened in your eyes. You didn’t have time—In the briefest second your vision blurred, you nearly tripped, just barely managing not to twist your ankle in a sunken ditch near an older sepulcher. Your swift movement downward meant you missed when Maxi lunged at you out of the dark from your left, the scalpel instead grazing the back of the leather jacket.“What the fuck?!” You swore to god he’d just been behind you. As you straightened up, you felt cold air brush your back through the new rip in the leather. “Fuck!” You bolted again. You didn’t know he was fast.With a hiss, you heard him tearing after you, feet crunching through the grass until suddenly, you heard a scrabbling of stone. You kept running but looked around, trying to assess where he might be lurking in the mass of hulking stone figures. Your wrist still burned, so he had to be close, but in this massive landscape of statues and crypts, he had a million places to conceal himself.An odd movement in your peripheral vision made you look up at the roof of the mausoleum right in front of you, and you barely had time to recognize the crouching silhouette as vaguely human, head tilted at an unnatural angle as it looked down at you.You fell backwards onto your ass from the change in momentum, scrabbling hard backwards with your hands as the shape dropped down in front of you. The head stayed at an odd angle, eyes bright red as they stared down at you from a featureless face, until you heard the chillingly familiar sound of Maxi popping his neck as the figure straightened up. He crossed the space between the two of you in long steps, and you rolled, barely managing to avoid getting pinned to the ground when he fell with his scalpel extended.He crawled after you, the red eyes never blinking, and you desperately struck out with the trocar to put some space between the two of you. You felt it connect with something fleshy and something warm spattered your face, and he made some noise between a hiss and a screech. You cried out in turn when you felt the scalpel’s edge drive in a straight line down your knuckles, forcing you to drop the trocar and pull yourself back into the space between two long lawn crypts for safety.Fuck. You were down your only weapon and now had two wounded hands. You fought tears again as you knuckles burned, making it nearly impossible to make a fist. Your dominant hand had already been out of the game from where Maxi had sliced into your palm at the Masquerade, and even with whatever weird rapid healing was going on now, it still burned when you tried to close it.You heard something scrape on the concrete nearby, and you looked up to see him perched on the lawn crypt directly in front of you, red eyes blaring in the darkness as he stood completely still.You ducked as you saw the long needle of the trocar glint ferociously in the moonlight when he swung it down at you, realizing to your horror he’d picked it up instead. Keeping yourself as low to the ground as possible, you waited for him to drop into the space your body occupied between the tombs, then kicked as hard as you could with the full sole of your boot into his knee.Maxi wobbled and recoiled, making that strange animalistic sound again, and before you could run you felt the full force of his other knee against your back as he dropped down to try to finish you off.You felt the air leave your lungs in a near-sob, the ache in your ribs from the Masquerade fresh again. You clawed your way through the grass and the gravel as fast as you could, pulling yourself out from between the two tombs.You stumbled to your feet while Maxi was still trying to get up, and though your every breath burned, you started running yet again.You heard a repeated crunching over your shoulder, and you looked, realizing that while you were having to navigate across the crumbling potholed ground, he was moving smoothly on top of the stone memorials, leaping from one to another like he didn’t even have to concentrate. So much for going for the knee.You remembered the echoing, manic laughter from the Masquerade, some distant phantom of a part of him that you’d never known, and you wondered if that part had been less distant than either of you had hoped. You wondered further how many people had fled from your beloved as you were fleeing now, with the burning red reflection of his eyes the last thing they ever saw.You half-tripped half-stumbled as the ground changed in height again, sliding somewhat downwards as it sloped.The clearing. You’d made it to the clearing.It was only when you saw the ancient oak tree silhouetted against the light of the moon, its branches bare and skeletal, that you realized it was your clearing. The one from the picnic that late summer day, where you’d promised each other life and then some.Thee was a thud behind you as Maxi had jumped from another tall mausoleum, landing on his feet and quickly standing back up to his full height like he was liquid rather than flesh and bone.The cemetery was behind him, and you realized the only thing in front of you was the wood line that led to the Mortuary.If you were going to start talking, it had to be now.You took a deep breath, trying desperately to ignore the burning in your chest. “Maxi,” you tried, your voice cracking and strained already. “It’s me. I know you can hear me in there.” You swallowed, holding up your hands. “I’m not going to fight you anymore, baby.”Maxi stopped, seeming to hesitate. With another curious tilt of his head, he walked forward, the moonlight changing his eyes from their red reflection to the deep, endless black you remembered from the Masquerade. Blood was running from his nose and mouth where you’d thrown your head back, and the clash of it against his already pale skin and his eyes made your stomach turn.“Talk to me,” you begged, trying to resist the urge to keep backing up even though he was standing still again.You regretted this when his responding grin split his face, his own blood coloring his teeth. “Hey yourself.”You stifled a gasp, not sure if you were more scared by the fact that his voice sounded warped and wrong, with barely a trace of him in it, or by the fact that apparently he did hear you earlier.“…Give him back,” you managed at last.Not-Maxi took a couple steps closer to you, twirling the trocar easily between his fingers as he did the scalpel. “You’re cute, human.” The smile dropped off his face so fast it was eerie. “But he’s spoken for.”“Fuck you, he’s mine,” you spat, straightening up as much as you could. “He told me so himself.”The thing wearing your lover’s face outright laughed at you, something cold you didn’t recognize in his mouth. “You really think your little infatuation can depose a centuries old contract?”“He promised me the rest of his life.” You shook your head, hoping your voice wasn’t shaking as much as you felt. “I don’t know about you, but I know with my demons, intention is everything.” Your dominant hand clenched into a fist without you realizing it, and in the ensuing pain, you remembered every wound you’d ever inflicted on yourself and what it had taken to let yourself survive. You took a breath, the pain in your ribs now a dull thud. “He gave me his heart. What did he promise you, exactly?”And, for just an instant, the confident sneer disappeared, the black in Maxi’s eyes parting to reveal his actual iris. The two of you exchanged the briefest look of recognition before Maxi shook his head, his eyes clouding over black again.“Whatever he promised you, I’m part of him.” This time his voice sounded just a little more like himself - you could hear a note of uncertainty, of fear, underneath the gravel of Vincent’s curse. You shook your head. “I don’t care. He’s mine. I’m his. That’s how this is going to go.”“There’s no expelling me, there’s no getting rid of me.” Maxi walked a couple steps closer to you, leaning down slightly so the two of you were eye to eye even as he loomed over you. “You keep him, I’ll always be right here, just beneath the happy little surface of your life.” He tilted his head, watching you intently. “Can you stomach that? That he’ll always be a monster?”You tilted your chin upwards, your gaze never wavering. “Does it look like I’m afraid of you?”Before he could respond, you caught his face in your hands, pressing your lips to his in a kiss that burned.Maxi froze, and you felt something pass through him that was half-shiver, half-spasm.When you pulled back to look at him, his eyes were brown again.“It’s okay,” you said quickly, not knowing how much time you had. You shrugged off his jacket, letting it drop to the ground before you as you took his face in your hands again, desperate for as much closeness as you could get. “It’s okay, Maxi, I’m here. Try and come back, baby.”Maxi’s breathing was ragged, exhausted. He mumbled your name like he was half asleep, his hands coming up to grip your shoulders. “You should go.” He winced, as if just now feeling the pain in his nose and jaw. “You need to go, darlin’. Get away from here. I don’t know how long I can keep it—“ He shivered again, letting out a gasp that bordered on a retch.“I’m not going anywhere,” you said, pressing your forehead to his and finding his hair and skin damp with feverish sweat. “I’m not leaving you alone, Maxi.”“No,” Maxi mewled brokenly. “Please go. Please go, I’m— please.” You weren’t sure if he was shaking from adrenaline or fear, but he shivered against your palms. “I can’t hurt you, I can’t hurt you, I don’t want to hurt you.” He shook his head frantically, near tears. “Please don’t let me hurt you.”You hugged him tightly around his chest, trying to help him calm down. “You won’t,” you murmured, kissing his cheek. “You won’t. You’re awake now. You can fight this, I know you can.” You leaned back, making sure you could see his eyes. “I’m not scared of you, Maxi.”His eyes were searching yours before he suddenly flinched, looking for a moment like he was going to be sick. His head fell forward, panting — only to straighten up with his eyes again a solid black, watching you with a curious expression.“What if I could offer you something you want?” Its voice had subsumed Maxi’s again, now mostly a sound that reminded you of a hand scrabbling for purchase under a bed.You fought your urge to pull back, refusing to let go of the person you loved now that you knew he had a foothold in there somewhere. “I won’t take anything else but him.”“Nothing?” It grinned again, somehow all wrong on Maxi’s face despite it being his face. It set his hands on your hips, and you looked down and back, confused. “You’re so quick to deny yourself.” It started to sway, slowly, pulling you with it. After a moment, you matched it cautiously, and it was then you realized it was trying to dance with you. “He thinks so too, you know.” It took your hand in Maxi’s left, in an odd parody of a waltz. “He would give you everything, if he was only brave enough. Everything you ever wanted, by any means necessary. Everything he could ever do to make you feel protected, adored, fuck anything that stands in his way.” You tried not to flinch as it dipped you backwards, looking down at you. “Everyone who’s ever hurt you, dead at your feet.” It was still grinning, red blood against white bone. “But I can give you even more than that.”You forced down the chill that threatened to run down your spine, shaking your head. “No.” You pushed back, taking the lead and forcing him to let you upright. “Just him. Just him and a life. Our life.”“You’re so determined to be his, little human,” the thing purred, twirling you outwards. “When I can make you something truly exquisite.”It pulled you so you spun back, and while you were disoriented, it trapped you with your back against Maxi’s torso. For the second time that night, you recognized the stinging cold of the scalpel’s blade against the skin of your neck.“Be my victim,” the voice that wasn’t his whispered, low and warm in your ear, and you shivered against his chest. His right hand flattened against your stomach to pull you flush against him, and the cold steel of the scalpel sang against your throat. “Be my victim, and be part of a legacy that spans the ages. Let your death make you last forever, the crown jewel of my Ritual. Be part of something that matters, for once.”Your gut twisted as you recognized, layered under the curse, the sound of the voice that had stalked you through the Left-Hand mirror at the Masquerade. The voice from your darkest nights alone.Your head fell backwards against his shoulder, giving your neck some space between the scalpel and your skin. “I already am part of something,” you said softly. You turned slightly to look over your own shoulder as much as you could. You were getting nowhere talking to the Demon, searching the blackness of the eyes staring at you for the deep brown you remembered.“I’m yours, Maxi, remember?” You took the hand holding the blade to your throat, kissing the knuckles white against his skin. “And you’re mine. That’s enough for me.”Very slightly, underneath your hand, you felt his grip begin to shake.“And what if I’m Death?” he asked - and while the voice of the curse was still heavily present, you could hear Maxi’s underneath it, an anxious undercurrent.You smiled a little at the sound of your beloved starting to make himself heard. “Be my life first, and we’ll talk about it,” you said softly, and you saw the black across his eyes again waver.You carefully pulled the shaking hand away from your throat, but rather than trying to get away, you turned back to face him, your hands coming to rest on his chest.“Are you so quick to give yourself to something that can only destroy?” The Curse’s voice was softer now, and Maxi’s head tilted as it quizzically inspected your face. “That can only end, and never create? That spends its nights seeking the ugliest things it can to feed its own darkness?”You felt the scalpel tracing the line of your scapula, then your spine, coming to rest at the base of your skull.“You don’t only destroy, Maxi,” you said, your hand coming up to cup his cheek. “Every day, you let someone say goodbye to someone they love. You give people a peace they couldn’t have otherwise — not without your help.” You reached with your other hand to push his sweaty hair away from his eyes, the red makeup from the Masquerade still searingly bright against his wan skin. “And you and I are going to create a life that isn’t only this, okay? We can do it. I promise.” You swallowed hard, trying to keep sounding more confident than you felt. “I still only want that with you.”You stepped forward, erasing any space left between the two of you, and leaned up to press a careful kiss to his lips.You were surprised when you felt a hand seize your hip, his grip punishing as he kissed you back with a ferocity that you had to admit, deep down, frightened you a little. The hand switched to his arm caging your waist, and his mouth fell to your throat, licking a stripe through what you were sure had to be an accumulation of sweat and fear. At last, he bit down punishingly hard on your skin, making you inhale through your clenched teeth.While he sucked what would be a violently colored bruise into your neck, you felt the scalpel in his left hand move from your back around your shoulder, where it traced down the bodice of the Masquerade costume you were still wearing. It sliced callously through the fasteners, leaving you shivering in the night chill as it fell open to expose your torso.Maxi backed you further into the clearing until your boots stumbled over the change from dry grass to the moss that lingered around the massive oak’s roots. Once there, he sank to his knees, pulling you down roughly by the barely-intact collar of the tunic so you fell with him. Not once did he waver in his attention, laving his tongue over your newest mark before pushing it in your mouth again. You kissed him back all the while, determined not to lose him again even though your senses were flooded with the cold copper taste of the blood between his teeth.He shoved you onto your back so you were gazing up at him, splaying the tunic so you were left only in the dark compression top you’d been wearing underneath. His eyes - still perfectly black - raked over your exposed skin in a way that made you wonder if he was going to eat you alive.You weren’t sure what scared you more: that look, or that you were at once flooded in your core with a terrible mix of fear and need.The scalpel blade traced down your torso, between your covered breasts and down across your navel, before stopping at the waist of the trousers you’d been wearing. It sliced carefully away at the buttons, and freezing fingers yanked them and your underwear down your thighs as you watched, your lips slightly parted as you weren’t sure whether to protest or plead.Maxi’s hands pulled your thighs apart as he loomed over you, his fingers curling possessively into your ample flesh as he gazed down at you so exposed with an obvious hunger.You held your breath, feeling your legs already shaking slightly under his grip — only to release it in a nervous moan when he placed the sharp edge of the scalpel to the top of your right inner thigh. Slowly, he traced a thin line that quickly colored with blood, leaving you gasping softly as he did the same to the left. Carefully, he angled your thighs upwards, holding them there so the lines of red traced new paths towards your waiting cunt.When you saw his tongue run tellingly across his lower lip, you felt yourself clench around air.His hands shifted as he adjusted his position to claim you better, his arms wrapping around your thighs to hold them mercilessly up and apart against his shoulders even as his left hand continued to clutch the handle of the scalpel. Instinctively, your hands curled into his hair as he pulled you roughly closer to him, dragging you down the wine-colored silk lining of your tunic. Maxi lapped greedily at your cunt, at the slick and the blood gathering and mixing under his tongue, before sucking at your clit in a way that turned your moan to a sob in its intensity. You watched in horror and fascination as the blood from your thighs streamed down in tiny, controlled rivulets, smearing your folds and Maxi’s hungry mouth already painted with his own. You barely noticed when his right hand slipped from around your thigh, so absorbed were you in the rough but precise way he pressed the flat of his tongue against your clit to make you arch hard against his jaw.You absolutely noticed, though, when he pushed two fingers inside you as you arched, causing you to twitch and clench around the sudden intrusion. He flattened his tongue again against your clit just as his fingers curled against the most sensitive place inside you, and you cried out, your head falling back as you were overwhelmed by sensation: this joined forceful pressure, the obscene sounds of his tongue, and the unexpected heat of his saliva and your blood against your flesh.When you looked down, your thighs shaking in his grip now for a different reason, you saw him watching you with eyes of the purest obsidian, his tongue smeared with your essence and painted red by your delicate wounds.When your gazes met, he swiftly withdrew his fingers from you and, with the briefest flash of a wicked grin, shoved his tongue in their place.This was enough. With a shriek of Maxi’s name, you came undone underneath him, your head falling back as you pushed your hips hard against him in a desperate bid for more pressure. You felt him fucking you stubbornly through your release, clenching around it as you were sure you had to be flooding his mouth with the hot slick that spilled from you.He only pulled his tongue from you when you stilled, laughing low in his throat as you were gasping up at the night sky. Your breath spilled in front of you in white puffs of steam, floating above you like the ghosts you’d seen not long ago.“Oh, gorgeous…” You glanced down to see Maxi crawling up your prone form, hovering over you when he was level with your eyes. The voice was still that of the Curse, though you could hear more of him in it, his longing obvious even now. He was watching you pant underneath him with those endless black eyes and a nearly crazed grin, the whole lower half of his face now a brilliant red. “You think playing the whore for a monster will save me?”You caught that pronoun slip - he was there, still. He was within reach. You felt yourself smirk even as you continued to try to catch your breath. “You’re my monster.” You swallowed, gasping for air. “I already told you, Maxi, I’m not scared of you. I love you.” You met his eyes again, and you could just see the wavering of the onyx obfuscation. “I’m yours. Unconditionally.”You leaned up to kiss the mouth that had wrecked you, tasting the mix of your juices and your blood and Maxi’s tongue. Maxi froze at first, as if surprised somehow — before he kissed you with an impassion clash of teeth as he nipped your lower lip like it was the sweetest fruit.You hissed softly into his mouth as you felt something brush your still-sensitive folds, realizing a moment later that his hips were pushing the hard line of his cock against you through his trousers as he desperately sought friction. Your hands moved to his hips, pulling him invitingly against you, but he startled you when he just as quickly flinched away.“You don’t know what you’re askin’.” For the first time, the voice sounded almost totally like your lover again - though the Curse was still present, you could hear Maxi’s naked need at war with his fear, desperation mixed with his anxious pragmatism.You reached down, cupping him through his trousers just to hear him gasp. “Yes I do.” Your eyes met his, flickering between his dark brown and the total blackness you’d come to know tonight. “You told me everything.” You squeezed softly, and he outright groaned. “I still came here tonight. I’m still choosing you.”As you reached to free his cock, he captured your wrists in one hand, pinning them hard above your head as he did it himself, shedding his somehow still intact jacket and shirt in the process. You couldn’t help but feel your breath hitch as he slid his length immediately between your folds, brushing your clit with the head and making you squirm all over again from overstimulation. You pushed back, trying to find some equivalent pressure, but he shoved your hips down with the hand holding his scalpel and pinned you there with a ruthless grip.He took his time grinding against you almost lazily, coating himself in your blood and the remnants of your orgasm while he smeared his dripping pre-cum through your folds. He watched you as his hips canted against yours, smirking as you attempted to flinch away and bit your lip to keep from whining openly.“Maxi, please,” you said at last, desperately straining against each of his hands where they bound you. “…Please, Daddy?” you breathed, and the flash of his eyes told you that was what he’d been waiting for.Maxi covered your mouth with his, swallowing your sentence as he at last split you with his length. You moaned at the slow intrusion, sliding just enough to keep you from having time to adjust as he pushed into you.“Mine.” He moaned it so raggedly you almost didn’t catch it, going still only when he had shoved himself as deep into you as he could go. You felt yourself writhing under his hips, gasping softly at the feeling of being so completely full. You felt yourself clenching around him, almost trying to push him out for some relief from the pressure, but he only pushed in further at the resistance. When you moaned at this, overwhelmed, he let go of your hip to catch your jaw in his hand and spat into your open mouth. He hungrily watched you blink, briefly stunned, before you swallowed instinctively. When he grinned, something dark and vicious, you felt your face burn. “That’s my pretty baby.” The voice was still layered as he crooned, but it was his pet name for you nonetheless. Lifting the scalpel, he traced a featherlight line down your cheek. “Still so eager, even knowing the truth.” His tongue traced where the scalpel had just been, and you realized from the sting he’d left the slightest wound. His black eyes were curious above you, like two holes in his skull to the night sky behind him. “If I’m a monster,” he murmured, his own breath a spectral fog now. “What does that make you?”You felt his scalpel come to rest over your heart, and you wondered if he could see the blade quivering against your skin as it raced in your chest.“If you’re a monster,” you whispered, never looking away. “Then I must be one too.” You swallowed hard. “Because I refuse to let you face this alone.”You didn’t know immediately why your chest suddenly ached, or why your eyes suddenly stung with tears as the breath left your lungs. Even as you heard the fabric of your compression top rip, and felt warm liquid spill over and across your skin, you still didn’t actually put it together until you looked down.Maxi had cut into your chest, and the wound was gushing red.Your soft cry was strangled as his hips snapped against yours, and turned further still into a moan as the snap turned into a punishing rhythm, the pain melting into a delicious ache as he moved against your velvet walls. Still clenching your wrists in his right hand, you saw him press a surprisingly tender kiss to the wound on your chest, coating his mouth in a fresh layer of scarlet. When he looked to you, the black eyes were surprisingly soft, even adoring. Before you realized what you were doing, you leaned up expectantly, and he didn’t keep you waiting as he kissed you next.The blood on his mouth was still warm.His left arm curled around your back, pulling you flush to him with the flat of the scalpel resting against your ribs. You were aware of both the slick movement of your blood sliding against his skin and a soft, unexplainable heat where the knife had split your skin.On some level, the sparking burn felt familiar - like something from a half-remembered dream.He pressed his forehead to yours, watching your face as your hips were starting to stutter in your shared rhythm. The heat pooling in your core was so intense, you were convinced it’d break you when it at last took you over.You realized Maxi was also close to coming undone as he moved to hide his face in your shoulder now, murmuring near-incoherently as he pressed feverish kisses to your neck.“Mine. My sweet monstrous mirror, mine,” he whispered, and you felt your face heat anew. His right hand at last let go of your wrists, and you sighed in relief, arching against his touch as his fingers ghosted down your side. You felt your breathing shallow out into panting, and you gasped when his cool fingers reach between you to curl lovingly against your clit. You seized his right shoulder in attempt to ground yourself, thighs shaking as you felt your world about to shatter. With a last gentle graze of his fingers as his cock seemed to split you to your very core, you came apart with his name an insensate incantation on your lips, the ends of your nerves feeling like they were positively glowing.Your fingernails scraped hard down his skin as you arched against him, and that pulled him over the edge of darkness with you. With a cry to the moon, he filled you with his release to the point of it sliding down your bloody thighs.For a moment, all either of you could see at the edges of your vision was a soft glow of rose-colored sparks.You were barely back in your body when you felt Maxi lavishing kisses over your chest, pushing as deep into you as he could through the aftershock. You could only hold him close, trying to catch up with his frantic whispers when it still felt like you were floating between the stars. “Maxi?”“We could bring the world to their knees,” he murmured against your skin, and his hands trailed lovingly down your chest and your sides. “We could cover everything in a darkness all our own.”“But I want it to be just ours,” you murmured back, still in a blissful daze as you gazed up at the sky. You stroked his shoulder where you’d scratched it to sooth the flesh. “Why should we share that?”“Because you’d be a vision.” His kisses had moved down to your stomach, where he was looming over it protectively as he still held his hips against yours. “You’d be glorious, carrying any child of mine, perfect and full.” You felt him press his cheek to your chest, now. “You’d be lovely. Divine.” You tried not to let despair overwhelm you so soon after what had felt like something beautiful, but for a moment, you panicked, wondering if you had gotten through to him at all.“…Maxi.” You reluctantly pulled away from him, moaning softly at the resulting pang of emptiness as you separated before getting to your knees. “We talked about this, babe,” you reminded him gently, still trying to catch your breath.Maxi blinked, perplexed, but mirrored your position. “You’d be an angel of life among the dead.” He pressed another kiss to your stomach, leaving a small trace of your blood from around his mouth. “We could show the world exactly what kind of monsters we are.”You shook your head. “Only you get to see that part of me.” You glanced around to find a shred of your tunic that had been a casualty in the frenzy. Picking it up and folding it into something more useful, you beckoned him back to you. “That’s for us. No one else.”He moved back to your side immediately, and as you cleaned him up carefully, he nuzzled your cheek. “You and I could have a new lineage between us,” he insisted as you set him to rights, even going so far as to pull his shirt around his shoulders for even a scrap of warmth. When you tried to move back, he reached possessively for your hips again, holding on hopefully.Sighing, you kissed the end of his nose. “No, my love.” You didn’t mind being held as you cleaned yourself as best you could - some of the blood was too dry at this point to do anything about, but at least you felt more composed.  As you took care of yourself, you noticed the sky starting to lighten from black to darkest blue.“You and I said no kids, Maxi.” You only broke away to dress yourself, feeling adoring eyes on you the whole time as you tried your best to put yourself back together. You met his gaze at last, watching him seem to struggle with what you were saying. “We’re breaking the cycle.”Maxi blinked, his expression confused and hurt even with the darkness of his eyes. “We could rewrite a world that left us both alone,” he said, tilting his head to look at you. “Don’t you want that? …With me?” With this last addition, he sounded the most like he had so far tonight - the tentative nervousness of the man you loved, who was still afraid he’d wake up to find you were a dream.“I told you what I want, Maxi,” you murmured soothingly. You reached up, wrapping your arms around his neck. “You’re what I want for my family. You’re enough. We’re just going to go gray together and then die a day apart like in a bad movie.” Your smile turned watery as you fought tears. The dark eyes stared at you, still wounded, and your heart sank. Unwilling to acknowledge the sudden lead weight in your stomach, or the watery burn in your eyes, you silently begged every ghost and god that might have been listening to just give him back to you. Just this once, to let something go right, even if it never happened again.You couldn’t remember the last time you had needed someone this badly. Or being brave enough to admit you needed them.Desperate, you looked around, running your hands nervously down your sides as you looked for anything that could help with that last catalyst — before pausing, your hand catching something in the inner lining of your tunic.Wait a minute.Shoving your hand into the pocket Rora had sewed for you, you pulled out Maxi’s glasses that he’d handed to you back at the New Orleans apartment. Miraculously, despite having been pushed, shoved, and grabbed all night, there wasn’t so much as a scratch on the lenses or a dent in the black frames.You looked up to see him watching you curiously, and you held his glasses out on a hand you were trying to force not to shake. “We still have to flip a coin for who gets to kick it first,” you managed, willing yourself not to cry. “Remember?”For a second, Maxi stared at you still, as though you’d said something from a dream he could barely remember… before, at last, let out a shaking exhale, as if he’d been holding his breath all night. You watched, terrified and hopeful, as his eyes flickered before, at last, the darkness faded to a brown closer to the one you’d come to adore.You felt like it was the first time you’d seen the sun rise in eons.“…H-heads, I go,” he stuttered, blinking as his eyes continued to lighten. “Tails, it’s you”You laughed shakily, part of you still nervous and disbelieving. “Yeah. Yeah, exactly.” You watched him take his glasses in shaking hands, sliding them on his face and blinking at you like he was really seeing you for the first time all night. “Hey, baby,” you whispered, feeling yourself smile so hard your cheeks hurt. “There you are.”Maxi whispered your name like he was coming out of a deep sleep, his voice finally fully his own again as he rested his forehead wearily against yours. His arms wrapped around your waist, squeezing gently as if to make sure you were real - but when you hissed in pain, his eyes flew open, searching your face. “What happened? I remember the— the Masquerade, and then my dad, and—” He whipped around, scanning the lines of the trees as if to see Pierre or Vincent lurking along the edge. “Where are we?”“We’re in our cemetery. It’s okay,” you said softly, moving your hands to his chest to steady him. “My love, take your time. Look at me,” you nodded, a little afraid to look away from him yourself. “It’s going to be okay.”“But how did we get here? What happened? Did Hector and Rora get out okay?” Maxi stopped dead, and you realized he must be looking at what must have been the blood transfer around your mouth as the sky continued to lighten. His already pale skin blanched even further, and for a moment, he looked like he was going to be sick. “What is that?” he whispered. His eyes flicked to yours, scared. “Who did that to you?”You knew you were wounded. You hadn’t looked to see how deep the cut over your chest actually was, in the middle of… everything.You suddenly found yourself trying not to shake, but it soon overwhelmed you.Maxi looked down at you both slowly, horror dawning on his face. “Jesus, baby, I’m—“ A hand flew to his mouth, only for him to immediately pull it away as he discovered it was still somewhat covered in your blood. “Who hurt you?” he repeated, his hand nervously reaching towards your chest.From the way his voice shook, though, you realized he already knew the answer.“Maxi, it’s going to be okay, I just... we need to...“ You looked down, following his gaze — only to wonder if you were hallucinating.Where you’d expected to find a wound in your chest, there was only an angry line; what would have been a nasty cut, a few inches long and exactly over your heart, instead looked like something you’d had for weeks. It was closed now, and, while it looked like it would leave a peculiar scar, at least wasn’t the gaping wound you’d thought it would be.As you both watched, a small red spark traced the cut like a shooting star before winking out against your skin.“Oh, thank god.” You breathed a sigh of relief, and Maxi looked at you like you’d grown a second head.“The hell do you mean, ‘thank god’?” he blurted, still looking horrified. When you looked up to meet his gaze, you saw tears threatening to overflow.“Babe,” you reached for him, but he pulled back hard, searching your body with anxious eyes. “Christ, is this all yours?” His voice sounded on the verge of breaking, his face wracked with guilt as he looked between the two of you at the seemingly endless amounts of congealing blood. As if afraid he’d break you, he inspected you bit by bit: he prodded nervously at a bruise blooming on your ribs, where you’d fallen twice that evening, then tentatively inspected your palms - both the mostly healed scar of your dominant hand, and the fresher wounds on the palm and knuckles of the other. You were grateful you’d already hidden the wounds and blood on your thighs with your trousers before he fully came to.“Fuck.” Maxi sat back, his hands tangling in his hair to the point of pulling it. “Fuck, look at you. I hurt you.” The anguish in his voice was palpable.“No worse than I’ve hurt myself before,” you soothed, placing your hands gently to his chest again. “And I survived that, too.” “You shouldn’t have to ‘survive’ me,” Maxi ground out, unable to meet your eyes as his hands fell listlessly to his sides.“But I will, won’t I?” You leaned up, kissing the corner of his mouth. When you pulled back, you saw his face on the edge of crumpling. “Baby,” you murmured, taking his cheeks gently in your hands. “One of us was already going to have to survive the other,” you reminded him. You met his eyes, smiling dryly. “And if we’ve already agreed to that - to certain death, and then eternal darkness, together,” you shrugged. “I think if we’re sitting here still alive, we can just call this a particularly wild Halloween, don’t you?”Maxi looked at you in agony still, torn. “I don’t want to be the thing that hurts you,” he whispered, his voice still haunted by the thought of it.“But I’m asking you to be.” Your smile turned melancholy. “One way or the other, babe, I don’t want to get out of this alive.” You stroked his cheekbone affectionately with your thumb. “I’m asking you to bury me one day. I don’t want you for anything less.”Maxi’s agony softened into hesitation as he searched your face for any sign of doubt… before, finally, he relaxed into longing.“I want that too,” he admitted softly. At last, you felt his arms wind around your waist again, hugging you loosely this so as not to aggravate your injuries. “But not… like this. Not again.” He shook his head. “Not without me knowin’ what’s goin’ on, or without talkin’ to you.”“That, I can promise you.” You kissed the end of his nose. “I could’ve really done without the chase through the graveyard anyway, under these circumstances. Besides,” you added, taking your turn to look him over. “You weren’t the only one who got some licks in - sorry about your jaw,” you winced, noticing a purpling bruise where you’d flung your head backwards.Maxi blinked, lifting one of his hands tenderly to the spot you were staring at. “Is that why it’s throbbin’ like that?”“‘Fraid so.” You smiled weakly as you continued your search - though the smile quickly left your face as you spotted something on his shoulder. The one you’d clawed earlier, in the midst of your orgasm. You brushed aside the side of his open shirt, concerned.Just above his clavicle, in the cook of his neck on the right side, was something… pulsing. Even glowing, faintly, as the cemetery around you continued to lighten.“What?” Maxi tried to angle his head to follow your gaze, albeit unsuccessfully.“It… I don’t know,” you shook your head. “It’s not a wound — it’s not bleeding, anyway,” you clarified, glancing up at him. Hesitatingly, you reached forward — only to see it spark as you went to touch it.The sparks were a softer version of Maxi’s blood red, something closer to a rosy shade.“Holy shit,” you whispered. “What?” Maxi repeated, looking perplexed.“It’s… here,” you grabbed one of his hands, gently pressing the tips of his fingers to the spot.As he skimmed it, you saw his red sparks clash with the rose-colored ones — like Pierre’s blue ones had against the red mark Maxi had left on your wrist.Maxi hissed suddenly, a hand flying to his lower left ribs. “Ow. Shit, okay, somethin’ just started to hurt…” He pulled his hand away, finding yet more red having soaked through the shirt you’d just redressed him in, rather than where your blood simply stained it. “What did you do, gorgeous, stab me?” He reached down to pull away the shirt hem, revealing where you must have struck with the trocar in the dark. “…Oh.” He blinked. “Guess you did. Huh.”“Sorry,” you mumbled sheepishly.“Don’t worry about it, happens all the time.” He waved a hand, still distracted.While the both of you watched, you saw the rosy sparks make another appearance, covering Maxi’s wound in concentric circles. They moved forward haltingly, but as they did so, they seemed to spin threads of new flesh like tiny glowing spiders.“…Why are your sparks different?” You glanced up at him, confused.Maxi stared, eyes wide. “Because I don’t think they’re mine,” he said slowly. “What?”He reached down, taking your hand gently in his and pulling away the other side of his shirt to find another wound.When he located an angry, purpling bruise where your elbow had crashed into him, he touched your fingers gently to the spot — only for the rosy sparks to leap seemingly from your fingertips, doing their little spider-like skitters across it until it was at least a shade lighter.You blinked. “…How—“ You looked from your hand to him. “But I’m not—?”Maxi shook his head. “I don’t know.” He ran a hand through his hair. “I’ve never seen that happen before — a normal person with this kind of magic.” Concern crept into his confusion. “We’re gonna have to ask Rora and Hector what they… know…” He trailed off, his eyes dropping suddenly to your compression top with a new curiosity.“Wait, what are you looking at now?” You looked down, wondering if yours was glowing too.“I just realized…” Maxi blinked, shaking his head slightly. Holding up a finger, he moved aside his shirt again, revealing the scar on his chest you’d come to love in an odd sort of way.It was only as you gazed at it anew that you recognized yours would now be a perfect mirror image of it.“…Oh,” you murmured.After a long moment of further concerned inspection, Maxi at last glanced up at you. “We should get back to the House.”You nodded, still looking between your matching scars. “Yeah, probably.” Not that it would make things any less weird. But at least you’d be able to get a shower.As the sun at last started to peek over the abandoned church on the other side of the cemetery, you saw a few lingering ghosts start to shimmer as they made their way to and from their tombs - the sunlight catching through them like crystals before it rendered them oddly invisible: the wavy mirages of a heatwave in early November.When you looked back to Maxi, he was watching you still, with that soft look you’d come to feel at home in.“…What?” You smiled again, unable to help your relief.Maxi just shook his head. “I just… I didn’t know this was an option.” He smiled back, though there was a sadness to it. “Everythin’ I’d ever heard, it was that Obsession didn’t survive, or their Obsessor.” He gestured to you, the sadness now mixing with relief. “But here you are. And here I am.” His shoulders sagged like the weight of the night had suddenly settled on them like vultures. “I spent ages thinkin’ I was goin’ to have to lose you, one way or the other.” He shook his head again, though this time it was more an effort to shake back the tears that threatened at the corners of his eyes. “And now that I know I don’t, I…” He looked back to you, laughing his familiar laugh, but it was the first time you’d ever heard it mingled with a sob.You closed the space between the two of you, hugging him tightly - only for both of you to make soft noises of pain as your respective wounds were brushed. Instead, you took his hand, squeezing it tightly in your mostly healed one. “I told you,” you said softly, trying not to cry yourself again. “I wasn’t going to let them have you.” You lifted the back of his hand to your lips, kissing it gently. “You’re stuck with me. ’Til death and then some.”Maxi sniffled slightly, wiping away tears under his glasses with his free hand as he squeezed yours back. “There’s no one else I’d rather go to the grave with.”You stood on your toes as he leaned down, and you could feel him smiling too as he kissed you.The two of you took your time walking through the woods towards the Mortuary, hand in hand as Maxi helped you along the path through the relatively thick trees between the House and the cemetery. It was the first time he’d ever shown anyone the way, and it was the first time of many you’d both be using the shortcut back and forth. Until you would both go the one way, one day, never to come back the other.In a weird way, you thought to yourself, it was like you were finally getting to finish the walk from that first day playing the graveyard game.-Your first stop, once inside, was the shower in the master bedroom on the third floor.Maxi, ever the gentleman, had barely begun to ask you if you wanted to go first before you dragged him in with you, not even bothering to say no.Under the heat of the water, once the blood was gone from both of you (after waves and waves and waves of soap), you realized just how quickly your wounds were healing after all. You could flex each of your hands without much pain now, and your chest wound, while still somewhat raw at the edges, looked like it wouldn’t need much more than some good antiseptics and a bandage. Maxi’s trocar wound was definitely already closed, and though still discolored, already seemed more manageable than it had in the cemetery. Even the bruises on both of you were starting to become less angry (though Maxi still winced apologetically at the ones he’d left on your neck).Maxi seemed reluctant, at first, to let you be the one to wash him - his urge to take care of you first always took some negotiating with. But when you at last worked the lather over his skin, his lean muscles that you were sure ached, you saw him finally close his eyes, sighing like he’d lived a century in the span of a night. When you were sure you saw fresh tears commingled with the shower water, you said nothing, just leaning up to kiss his cheek before pulling him down somewhat so you could wash his hair.When it was your turn, he took such care with you that you could feel your face warm in a way that had nothing to do with the steam filling the room. Every inch of you he seemed to examine with a close eye, taking extra time with anything that looked remotely like a bruise or scrape. With your larger wounds, he was clinically gentle, checking the surrounding abrasions repeatedly before he at last turned his attention elsewhere. Though he was silent the entire time, and never once did anything more than kiss you (or a bruise he thought it wouldn’t agitate), you couldn’t remember the last time anyone else had ever told you so clearly how much they loved you.After he’d finished with your hair, careful to remove any debris from the cemetery grounds, the two of you found yourselves simply holding onto each other under the spray - Maxi with his cheek resting against your temple, you with your mouth pressed into his shoulder. You stood there, still silent, but it was the most at peace you’d felt in ages.“I’m sorry,” he murmured - and though it was soft, it still felt like it echoed over the spray.You shook your head. “There’s nothing—““No,” he insisted, pulling back slightly to look at you. “I hurt you. I probably scared the shit out of you, too. Even if I couldn’t help it, or didn’t mean to.” He put a hand gently to the side of your face. “I love you. I will never not love you.” His voice was quiet, in that half-to-himself way you knew meant he was serious. “I know you feel better playin’ it off like it’s no big deal, darlin’, but I’m not goin’ anywhere if you acknowledge that I did. I swear.”You stared at him, at the dark eyes you’d grown so intensely familiar with, at a loss for words.“I don’t ever want you to feel like you have to pretend I didn’t hurt you when I did, or that nothin’ happened,” he went on. “And I don’t want you to have to feel like you have to accept my apology when you really can’t yet, either.” He shook his head. “You don’t have to forgive me for everythin’ that happened last night, or any of it, ever. But I want you to tell me if there’s anythin’ I need to do to… help. Or do better.” He gazed at you. “I want us to feel like we can always be honest with each other, especially when we’re hurt. Because I never want to hide anythin’ from you again,” he said, his eyes looking slightly pained now. “I mean… look where it got us.”“Maxi. Honey.” You reached up, putting your arms around his neck as gently as you could. “I love you. I’m not forgiving you when I don’t want to — and I’m not just trying to wave it away, I promise,” you said quietly, making sure to meet his eyes. “I was scared, yeah. And I’m definitely going to be fucking sore for a bit,” you said, smiling despite yourself. “But I went after you even though everyone with sense told me not to. I knew the risks. I wouldn’t have gone to find you like that if I was afraid of you, or of getting hurt.” You shook your head in turn. “But I would do it again, if I had to.” Your hands moved to his arms, squeezing them slightly so you didn’t squeeze his ribs. “I would do anything, face anything, for you. For us. I love you,” you said, your voice softening. “And I’ll never not love you, either.”Maxi looked at you with palpable relief, his smile sweet as he leaned forward to kiss you again —Only for the two of you to be startled by what sounded like a clattering noise against the door.You glanced at each other before Maxi shut off the water, the two of you listening carefully.The clattering noise echoed against the door again, before it was followed by the sound of a bunch of small, hollow things rolling down the hall.“What—“ You looked to Maxi, who simply shook his head, looking wary.The two of you got out, dressing quickly in what soft clothes you’d grabbed in a daze (a t-shirt and underwear for you, boxers and pajama pants for Maxi) before Maxi put on his glasses, watching the door cautiously. “It’s not a ghost,” he murmured to you. “Or anythin’ else that leaves an essence.” You saw his hand dip into his pocket, only for him to frown when he realized there was no scalpel to be found there.“Well,” you sighed, popping your neck. “It can’t be worse than us fighting each other.”“Oh, you’d be surprised,” Maxi muttered, gently pushing you behind him. The two of you tensed as Maxi counted silently to three with his fingers, before he threw open the door and the two of you stepped out at once —Only to see what looked like a tumbleweed made entirely of bones rolling towards you down the hall.The tumbleweed stopped suddenly in front of you both, the bones spilling loosely over the floor in a puddle before, even more oddly, reassembling themselves into an actual creature. Magnolia stood before the both of you once the bones settled, her empty sockets somehow looking up at you both as she greeted you with an ethereal, echoing meow.“Oh hey, Maggie!” Maxi’s whole demeanor shifted immediately, and he knelt down to scratch behind where her ears used to be. “Where you been, baby? You doin’ okay?”You blinked. “Wasn’t she at my house?”“…Yeah, now that you mention it.” Maxi picked her up, holding her against his bare chest. She rubbed the ridge of her zygomatic bone against his skin, one of her vertebrae doing its weird little thing where it vibrated to sound like a purr. “How’d you get back here, sweet pea?”You didn’t have long to find out, as you suddenly heard two sets of footsteps thundering up the stairs. Hector turned the corner in what you recognized as the hoodie you’d first seen him in, his hair clearly ruffled from a restless sleep. Rora ran up behind him in a white nightgown that looked breathtaking against her skin, nearly running into him when he stopped suddenly at the sight of you two. “What, why’d you stop, what’s wrong—““Yes!” Hector threw his fists in the air like a prizefighter, grinning madly. “Fuck yeah, I told you they’d make it! What’d I fucking say, huh Ror?” He threw an arm around her shoulders, pulling her forward. “Look, boom, both of them alive. Jesus, what am I doing, come here—“ Hector rushed towards you both and threw his arms around Maxi in a giant hug that rocked the two of them with its force, saying something in rapid Spanish you couldn’t catch but knew was gleeful based on his manic smile. Maxi hugged him back hard, burying his face in Hector’s shoulder for a moment and letting out a giddy giggle-snort.You thought for a moment you saw something spectral out of the corner of your eye, but it was only Rora, nearly tackling them both in a hug with the biggest actual grin you’d ever seen on her face. The two of them pulled her in to the tangle, and for a moment, they were a huddle of relieved laughter and dark hair.You stood to the side with Magnolia, grinning and content to watch the joyous family reunion, when Hector spun around and lifted you into a hug. “Look at you and your final girl bullshit, huh! Querida, mi prima nueva, que valiente--“ He planted an affectionate kiss on your cheek with a loud “mwah” before spinning you back to the others. “Our little mortal surviving the night like it’s nothing, goddamn!”Rora pulled you into a tight hug, and you were awash in her dark hair and her floral perfume before she pulled away to put her hands on your shoulders and look you in the eye. “Thank you,” she said softly, her smile still very much in place. “You stubborn, beautiful little human, thank you.” She kissed you chastely on the mouth, smiling through it, and it took you a moment as she pulled back to remember to breathe.“Okay, okay, my turn to kiss my final girl,” Maxi wrapped his arms around your shoulders from behind you, leaning down to kiss the top of your head. “Well, hmm — final human? Final… I don’t know, angel, I’ll defer to you on that,” he gave your shoulders an affectionate hug, and when you looked up a him, you were both smiling uncontrollably. “I’ll stick with Final Them,” you laughed. “Make things easy on everyone.”“Breakfast for the conquering Final Them!” Hector threw his fists in the air again before nearly tripping over Magnolia as he headed eagerly for the stairs. “Come on, you guys have to be starving, let me make you something decent, I haven’t been able to sleep for shit and I’ve already got some bread made, god knows none of us ate last night—”“Yeah, you guys are maybe gonna have to catch me up on some of that,” Maxi said, looking to Rora with a frown. “Because I definitely blacked out after the part with the enchanted fire cages and shit.”“Oh, don’t worry,” Rora said lightly, taking your arm in hers and leading you both towards the stairs. “It’s all over the news.”“What?” You and Maxi blurted in unison.-The local anchorwoman looked far too perky for the words coming out of her mouth, clearly thrilled to have something actually interesting to report for once. The four of you were watching it off Maxi’s laptop in the kitchen, where you were all only half paying attention as you were wolfing down the huevos rancheros Hector had piled in front of you, along with the bolillos he’d stress-baked during the night. Whether you were starving or just relieved to be alive, it was definitely the most delicious meal you’d had in recent memory. Maxi was next to you (now also sporting an old t-shirt, and you sweatpants), with Magnolia still sitting in his lap. Hector was helping himself to more eggs on Maxi’s right, while Rora was still stirring her cafe au lait on your left.“New Orleans Fire Department is still investigating the cause of a fire that caused multiple fatalities at a private Halloween party last night, with three confirmed dead and several missing,” the anchor beamed. ”The owner of the property is already notorious in their close-knit wealthy neighborhood for their reclusive lifestyle, and is reportedly refusing to press charges though the source of the fire has yet to be fully confirmed. Police speculate—“The footage cut away to what you realized was the burned-out shell of the courtyard from last night, the bricks coated with ash and even the fancy wrought-iron gate having warped in the heat. The whole scene was surrounded by a barrier of crime scene tape, though there didn’t seem to be too many other people there.“Jesus,” Maxi murmured, setting down his coffee and scratching Magnolia’s head. “Shit really must’ve got outta hand.”“It’s not my fault Pierre couldn’t keep his own spell in check,” Rora mumbled, crunching into another crusty roll. “They Who’s game is slippin’. Good bread, Hex,” she added, her mouth half full.“Thanks, it’s the panicked kneading,” Hector smiled dryly before his eyes wandered back to the screen, just as engrossed. Without looking, he reached over and gently batted Magnolia’s bony paw away as she reached for the bolillo basket.“Whose place was that, anyway?” you piped up, looking between the three. “It had to be someone in They Who Decide, right?”“I was wonderin’ that myself, actually. I don’t think I’d been to that one yet, was it just built or somethin’?” Maxi glanced between the other two, moving Magnolia’s paw away from his fork.“Oh, it was new alright, as much as they tried to hide it with the fake antique-y shit.” Hector rolled his eyes, taking a sip of orange juice. “You’re gonna love this, Maxi.”Maxi looked at him, perplexed, before he also rolled his eyes. “Don’t fuckin’ tell me.” He paused, looking down at the clang of Magnolia batting his fork onto the floor.“Fuckin’ Guillemettes.” Rora grumbled, dipping the rest of her roll in her cafe au lait. “They’re going to be goddamn insufferable about it at the next quorum, too—““Bitch, don’t do that to perfectly good bread, what is wrong with you?” Hector cut in, frowning at her. “That shit’s not a beignet.”Rora made eye contact with him and made a show of dunking her roll even further into her mug.“Now that’s just ruinin’ your own coffee,” Maxi said, taking a sip of his own. “Soggy crumbs’ll do that.”Magnolia chirped in agreement, now chewing on an abandoned spoon.“Okay but guys, what’s the quorum and who are the—“ You paused, your eyes suddenly riveted to the screen.The camera was still on the warped gate, but two figures had just emerged from inside, deep in conversation as they walked towards the crime scene tape. One appeared to be a cop, but the other— you’d seen him before.Like playing back a dream, you recognized him from the Masquerade. It was the pale man with the long blonde hair, the one who’d been standing off to the side without his mask as you’d walked in with the Morvants.The same gray eyes that had watched you curiously were now watching the cop with great intent, his hands shoved in the pockets of a long dark trench coat against the deep autumn chill.“Baby?” Maxi waved a hand in front of your face, and you looked around to see all three Morvants watching you with concern. You lunged forward, hitting the space bar to pause the stream on the blonde man’s face. “Do any of you recognize him?” You looked around between the group, your stomach tight for reasons you couldn’t explain.They them leaned forward as one, Maxi adjusting his glasses slightly, Rora frowning deeply, and Hex squinting just a bit in concentration.“He would’ve been late teens, early twenties last time I could’ve seen him.” Rora sat back, shaking her head. “Sorry, petal.”“Yeah, I got nothing.” Hex sat back also, batting Maggie’s paw away from the rolls again.Maxi finally sat back as well, troubled. “…No, I can’t say I do, sugar.” He frowned, looking to you. “Why?”“He was at the Masquerade last night. Off in a corner, when we got through the mirror hall.” You examined the man’s face again, noting how fair he seemed even compared to Rora. “He didn’t look like he was with anyone. I thought maybe it was his first time too. But now he’s talking to that cop,” you said, your brow furrowing. “Should we be worried?”“I mean… nah?” Hector stroked his beard absently, following your gaze back to the screen. “They Who’s had people in with the cops since the cops became a thing, at all levels. It’s kind of their job.”“They Who Decide go where power is,” Rora said calmly “It wouldn’t be unexpected for them to have an inside man on an investigation that could reveal them to the wrong person. Or people in general.”“…The fact that you said he was alone, though,” Maxi muttered, folding his arms thoughtfully. He looked back to you. “Do you remember what his mask was? If he was wearin’ any particular colors on his costume? Families usually wear somethin’ to indicate who they’re with.”“Like when Rora made you look dead,” Hector chimed in, pointedly moving the rolls away from Maggie now.“Dead and fetchin’, thank you,” Rora said, taking another sip of her coffee before making a face at the crumbs along the bottom.You thought hard about it, but the longer you tried, the more it seemed like only the man’s face was memorable. “No,” you said at last, shaking your head sheepishly. “He just… I don’t know.” You shrugged a shoulder. “He smiled at me like I saw him when I wasn’t supposed to.” You looked back to Maxi. “I thought we were just both… not supposed to be there, if that makes sense.”Maxi, Rora, and Hector exchanged a look. “Most people who come to the Masquerade are only new if they’re young and it’s their first time,” Maxi said slowly, scratching a sulking Maggie on her skull. “People who are new as adults are usually, uh. Well…“ “Married in,” Rora filled in for him. “Or very committed new additions, in your case. Though why don’t you just—” she began, turning to Maxi only for him to quickly swat her shoulder with his napkin. “I’m just sayin’—!”“Yeah, it’s not really something you bring a casual date to,” Hector added. “Or get invited to if you’re not, like, there for a reason. I mean, you can guess why,” he laughed bitterly, gesturing to you. “The Three Kings mirrors would kill the mood before you even get to the dance floor.”“I’m sure it’s okay, gorgeous,” Maxi said, reaching over to set his hand over yours. “But good lookin’ out. We’ll keep an eye on it.” He paused, glancing between Rora and Hector as Maggie hopped to the floor. “Assumin’ you two are stickin’ around for a bit?”“I thought I might jet off to my apartment in Paris, actually,” Rora joked, rolling her eyes. “Yes, I’m stayin’.”“Hell yeah, bro, things just got interesting!” Hector leaned back in his chair. “Besides, someone has to teach Querida here how to shoot, in case They Who gets testy. Unless you already know, of course,” he added quickly, lifting a hand apologetically. “Shouldn’t assume.”You choked on the sip of cafe au lait you’d dared to take. “Sorry?”“You are absolutely not goin’ to be the one to teach them to shoot.” Maxi set his mug down, staring at Hector. “You can barely get a straight shot off on the best day.”“Hey, I’ve been practicing!” Hector pouted slightly, not noticing Maggie’s tail appear in the chair nearest the rolls. “That was when we were, like, sixteen.”“No, that’s from when we were visitin’ your other cousins.“ Maxi gave Hector a pointed stare.“Oh come on, we were both on an ectoplasm reduction, that’s hardly fair---““Hold on, Maxi tried ectoplasm?” Rora leaned in to the table. You watched the three of them bicker for a moment and Maggie poke her head above the table, smiling to yourself at how comfortable Maxi seemed between his sister and his cousin now. You couldn’t remember the last time you’d seen him without something he was seeming to hold back, or that was silently preoccupying him even while the two of you were just hanging out. He was laughing with them now as much as he did when the two of you were alone.Your smile widened as you felt his hand move to your knee under the table, and the two of you exchanged a look before he hopped back into whatever it was they were arguing about.You could get used to this, you thought as you watched Maggie finally successfully grab a roll in her teeth and all three Morvants immediately trying to get her to spit it out. Being one of them, as weird as it was.…Though, above the current chaos, something else seemed to register at the edge of your attention.Was that… sobbing? Was someone crying?Before you quite realized what you were doing, as the three of them continued to try to pry the food from the skeletal cat, you’d gotten to your feet, following the distant sound through the kitchen. It was close, somehow… downstairs? Was someone hurt downstairs?You should go, you should check—“Darlin’?”You only realized you were standing at the door to the prep room when you had your hand on the knob. You stopped, turning to see Maxi, Hector and Rora all staring at you, each of them holding Maggie down on the table while she growled furiously over her roll.“I… there’s someone crying in the prep room,” you said, pointing sheepishly towards the door. It felt, suddenly, like you’d walked over here in a daze. Like you’d been drawn there more than you’d actually thought to get up of your own accord. You thought again about what you’d just said, realizing why the three of them looked suddenly very concerned. “No, but that’s… that doesn’t make sense,” you muttered, feeling heat rush to your cheeks. You let go of the doorknob, shaking your head as if to clear it. “Sorry. I don’t know, um. What that was.” You shrugged, smiling weakly. “I must be really tired.”Maxi stared at you for a beat before looking to Rora and Hector. “I didn’t have anybody down there,” he said slowly, eyeing the both of them.Maggie, forgotten, skittered off with her roll as Hector and Rora exchanged a different look. “…I might have picked someone up,” Hector said at last, looking between Maxi and you.“You brought someone here?!” Maxi stood up, looking alarmed.“They’re dead!” Hector stood up just as fast, holding his hands up as Rora also got to her feet. “They’re dead already. Of course I wouldn’t bring someone back here, Jesus.” He rubbed the back of his neck, looking sheepish. “I just. Uh.” He glanced to you guiltily. “…I promised, remember?”You stared at Hector for a moment, confused — until it clicked. Sky.“That’s Sky?” You turned, looking again at the basement door. The longer you listened, the more familiar the sobs became - of course it was Sky. How could you not have recognized Sky? How many times had you sat with her when she’d cried over boys, girls, others, bad grades, fights with her parents? Your chest suddenly ached, an even split between guilt and sadness, and you turned back to them. “Can I see her?”Hector opened his mouth and closed it, looking even more sheepish than before as he glanced helplessly at his relatives.“She’s in rough shape, petal,” Rora said quickly. “It might be better if Maxi goes and gets a look at her first.” She exchanged a look with her twin.“You don’t need to see her like that, baby,” Maxi agreed quietly. “You won’t wanna remember her that way. Trust me.” “That said?” Hector watched you with a puzzled expression. “You… shouldn’t be able to hear her, Querida.” He looked to Rora. “The Draught’s gotta be out of their system by now, right?”“It should’ve worn off by the time we got back in Parish lines.” Rora tilted her head to look at you like you were someone she’d just met. “That’s new.”“That’s very new,” Maxi agreed, his brow furrowed with worry. “But I saw the ghosts all last night,” you said, looking between the three. “When we got here, I saw the ghosts leaving their graves in the cemetery next door, and those little trails they leave on the ground—““You saw that?” Hector stepped forward, his eyebrows about to climb off his forehead. “I thought just you and I could see that,” he looked to Maxi and back to you. “What colors were they?”You frowned, confused. “None. Just white.”“That’s how I see them.” Maxi looked between you and Hector.Hector nodded. “Okay, so not full spectrum, but still.” He folded his arms, letting out a low whistle. “Weird.”Maxi was worrying his lip in his teeth. “I thought the sparks were one thing—““What sparks?” Rora whipped around to look at Maxi.“New sparks showed up earlier, on me. After... after I came to, I guess.” Maxi pulled the collar of his t-shirt aside to show them the spot that you’d seen glowing earlier on his shoulder. “Cleaned my wounds and everythin’. But they looked like they came from them.” He nodded in your direction, and you couldn’t help but note the tiniest hint of pride in his voice.“Holy shit, that’s a Mark.” Hector walked over, inspecting the spot for himself before looking to you with wide eyes. “Damn, prima, that’s some hard magic.”“That’s fuckin’ what?” Rora looked between Maxi and you, getting to her feet to inspect it for herself.You shrugged, folding your arms nervously across your chest. “I just did what he did, right?” You nodded at Maxi. “If I’m his, it makes sense that it goes both ways… right?”“Yeah, but that’s already really rare,” Hector said. “It’s not something you see on most Obsessions, much less… well.” He gestured in your direction. “From the Obsession.”Rora looked back to you, her gaze a cataloguing one. “But you’re more than that now,” she said, half to herself. “Aren’t you?”You blinked. “What do you mean?” No, seriously, what the fuck did that mean. Your gut twisting with this new information, you made your way back over to Maxi, suddenly missing his proximity. He was more than happy to receive you, tucking you under his arm and against his side protectively.“I mean… hell, honey,” she gestured at you, smiling disbelievingly. “I’ve heard of Obsessions surviving, but Obsessions and their necromancer?” She shook her head. “It just doesn’t happen. It’s not supposed to. You might well be somethin’ else, after that.” She met Maxi’s eyes, raising an eyebrow. “Somethin’ new altogether.”“Whatever that means,” Maxi said, looking exasperatedly at Rora before glancing down to you. “We’ll walk you through all this, okay?” He hugged you against the side of his ribs, leaning down to kiss your cheek.“It might not even be permanent,” Rora added, shrugging as she continued to survey you. “We’re in new territory, now.”“It’s definitely not something we need to sort out over breakfast,” Hector said, shoving his hands into the front pocket of his hoodie. He gave you his best reassuring smile, though his eyes still looked a little confused. “Don’t even worry about it. Between the three of us, you’re gonna be fine.”“Exactly,” Maxi said, giving Hector a grateful look as he ran a hand over your hair. “I’m not gonna let anything bad happen, darlin’.”“Neither will we,” Rora said, rolling her eyes at Maxi before looking back to you with a gentler expression. “We’ll just take this one step at a time.”You gave Maxi a slight squeeze in return, and the other two a small, tired smile. “Thanks.” You looked again between the three of them, feeling the fear grip your gut a little less. “I don’t know about y’all, but I’m like… really over surprises right now. Except for yours,” you added quickly, glancing back to Hector as you remembered what had got you onto this in the first place. “Thank you. For giving her back.”Hector shrugged, glancing down at his socks before back up to you. “Hey. I wasn’t about to have you come back alive and show me up.” He smiled weakly, looking somewhat embarrassed again. “…Sorry about your, uh. Your friend, though.” He nervously tossed his hair out of his eyes, though it fell right back into place.“…Yeah, we’re gonna have to work through that one a bit,” you said, trying to keep just how torn you felt off your face. This was not an apology you felt was yours to accept, as much as you appreciated Hector trying to make it. Though you hadn’t known each other long, you got the vibe that this was not at all a common thing.Hector nodded with a wince himself. “Yeah. Fair. I figured.”You looked from him to Maxi. “What do we, um. Tell people. About how we found her?” You glanced around to include the other two. “I’m assuming we don’t involve the cops.”“We absolutely do not tell the cops, yes,” Rora said, with Hector nodding quickly behind her.“Ideally,” Maxi said, fiddling thoughtfully with your hair. “We say the cops have already been involved - someone found her, they got her, they discharged her to me because the morgue was full. Which is usually true anyway.” He shrugged. “I’m just hangin’ onto her until someone can claim her.”“And I just happen to be here all the time,” you said quietly, picking up the thread.Maxi gave you a sad smile. “In an unfortunate ‘small town’ type moment, yeah.” He wrapped his arm tightly around your shoulders. “Sorry, gorgeous.”You nodded, giving him a resigned shrug. “I mean, it is what it is.” You frowned, thinking. “What about paperwork, case stuff, if her folks ask for it?”“Cops suck at handing over requested files.” Hector said, still looking somewhat awkward. “And they lose it all the time, too.”“And murders are hardly ever solved after the first few days,” Rora said a little too casually, shaking her head. “Especially around here. We just don’t have the infrastructure.”You bit your lip, feeling a bit like a traitor with this next question. “And there’s no way it’ll come back to you and get you caught?” you murmured, looking to Hector. “Or you?” you glanced up at Maxi. “You guys are all safe?”“Oh, absolutely, I’m totally fine,” Hector waved a hand dismissively - then paused, looking slightly guilty about handwaving this. Maxi shook his head. “There’s nothin’ to implicate me unless people really start diggin’ - and with the state of things around here,” he said, briefly glancing over at the laptop where the stream was still paused. “They have better things to be diggin’ into. Trust me.”You followed his gaze, feeling yourself worry your lip with your teeth again. “…I do,” you said at last, giving him as much of a smile as you could manage.So you’d definitely just helped plan the cover-up of the murder of one of your closest friends, after your possessed boyfriend tried to kill you in a graveyard, and now you were demonstrating certain abilities previously only known to necromancers.This was maybe going to take more getting used to than you’d expected.“Hey.” Maxi leaned down, kissing your temple and bringing you back to earth. “We don’t have to figure it all out right now.” When he smiled at you, it was still somewhat melancholy… but more than anything, relieved. “We’ve got time.”You found yourself smiling back. “Yeah,” you said, leaning into his side again and enjoying the reassuring solidness of him. “We really do now, huh?”“I, for one,” Rora sighed, stretching slightly. “Am plannin’ on being useless in the living room for a while.”“Yeah, sounds good,” Hector nodded, stifling a yawn as best he could.“I should probably also sit down,” Maxi agreed, rubbing where you’d elbowed him last night with the slightest wince. “I got my ass handed to me, after all,” he added, winking at you.“Oh shit, yeah!” Hector blinked at you both as you all migrated to the living room, suddenly awake again. “How’d that end up going? What’d you do, anyway?” He looked to you, especially curious.You and Maxi both went to answer — and then paused, exchanging a look as exactly what happened last night seemed to occur to both of you. In very, very vivid detail.“Uh.” You felt heat rush to your face as you watched Rora curl herself into the armchair and Hector flop down on a sofa, both of them watching you with great interest. “A few different things.” You shrugged helplessly. “We, um. We fought for a bit,” you said, nodding to Maxi. “And then after that we went with something more… ritualistic?” You glanced to him, looking for help.Maxi only covered his laugh with a cough, pulling you down next to him on the couch where the two of you usually hung out. “Point is, it worked,” he said to Hector as you happily tucked yourself under his arm, grateful to rest your head on his chest. You hadn’t realized how tired you were until just now, now that he was safe again with you. The four of you sat in a comfortable exhausted silence, Maxi toying with your hair as you tried not to immediately doze off on top of him. “…What happened to Dad?” he broke the silence after a few minutes, looking to Rora. “I don’t remember anythin’ after him puttin’ me in a frenzy state.”Rora shook her head from where she had it resting on the arm of the chair. “Final Them over there fucked up his face and neck real good, and then we got the hell out of there.”Maxi looked down at you, wide-eyed. “You what?”You looked up at him, shrugging a shoulder. “He wouldn’t stop talking shit about y’all,” you mumbled, not feeling like defending yourself just now. “So I shut him up.”Maxi gazed at you for a moment before leaning down, pressing a soft kiss to your forehead. “God, I love you.” He looked back to Rora and Hector, who were both making joking faces of disgust. “What— oh, hush, both of you — what we do about him?” He looked between them both, frowning. “Do we just… wait? For him to come back?”“Do you think he will?” Hector raised an eyebrow, already looking somewhat sleepy where he was sprawled across the cushions. “It’s Daddy.” Rora said, a touch of bitterness to her as she seemed to gaze at something none of you could see. “If he’s breathin’, he’ll try to come back for what he thinks is his. Especially if he finds out about you two,” she added, her gaze fixing on you now. “If he knows you beat it,” she said slowly, and your heart seized, as if afraid she’d jinx it. “And Hector and I don’t have the title yet, he might try to put himself back in the running.”“…So I guess we better get on it, huh.” Hector said, meeting Rora’s eye somewhat hesitantly.A silence hung in the room over all of you, this one far less restful than the last. You felt Maxi’s arm tighten slightly around your waist as Rora and Hector seemed, for the briefest of moments, to be subtly sizing each other up.“…Hi, resident non-necromancer here,” you said, raising a hand from where you lay on Maxi’s chest. “Can we maybe just call for a moratorium on this part for today? Please?” Your hand flopped back down, and you looked up at Maxi. “I don’t know about you, babe,” you said quietly. “But I’m pretty tapped out on the Ritual right now.”“I’ll second that,” Maxi looked from you to the other two. “That okay with you two?”“Claro, man, whatever.” Hector yawned, pulling his hoodie over his eyes and leaning across the sofa. “Wake me if Maggie tries to eat what we left on the table.”“She can’t even eat,” Rora sighed, pulling a throw pillow under her head. “It’s all just gonna fall from her teeth through her ribs, I don’t know why she’s so fixated on it to begin with.”“She just wants to feel included, that’s all,” Maxi said, his legs sprawling around you lazily as you both stretched out on the couch.You listened to them debate this, underscored by Maxi’s heartbeat thrumming steadily under your ear as you felt your eyes slip closed.You weren’t sure when exactly they’d stopped talking, but when you opened them again, they were all snoozing quietly around you in their respective chairs.You took a moment to take them in: Rora curled in a ball, her eyes closed like a porcelain doll’s, Hector sleeping hard with half his face hidden horizontally by his cotton hood. Sitting up as best you could in his strong grip around your waist, you saw Maxi asleep with his glasses askew, dead to the world.After taking a moment to pluck them off his face and set them gently on the table, you laid your head back down, letting yourself drift off again as you nuzzled your face into the fabric of his t-shirt.The dark welcomed you back like you were always meant to be there, and as you felt Maxi hug you closer in his sleep, you knew it was true.
  The cemetery was surprisingly easy to navigate in the dark. The larger aboveground mausoleums served as silhouetted landmarks, lit only by the light of the moon and the faint orange glow of the singular streetlight. While the ground was uneven in some places, you could move well enough past the lawn crypts, finding your way through the winding rows with only one near-fall.This was right now, though, you reminded yourself. If it came down to a dead sprint through the dark, you might be less lucky.You tried hard to suppress a shiver at this - the idea that the person you loved and trusted with the rest of your life would be as hellbent on ending it as everyone had said, tearing through the night after you to plunge you into permanent, unceasing darkness. Darkness he would potentially never join you in.But he was still Maxi. Your Maxi. You had to believe that even in the midst of whatever spell his father had put him under, there was a part of him in there that was just… looking for you. Trying to resolve the ache that continued to throb in the middle of your chest, threatening to tear you apart with the idea there was any real possibility you would lose the only real home you’d ever known in someone else.You found yourself inevitably at Mrs. Botetourt’s headstone, just as a pair of watchful eyes sighted you from elsewhere in the darkness. She wasn’t around - the remnants of the Death’s Draught were still active in your system, apparently, allowing you to perceive the faintest trail of something glowing like silver in the moonlight. It illuminated a path she’d apparently taken towards the cemetery gates, the opposite of the way you’d just come from… and it didn’t look like she’d been the only one, by far. All around you, if you looked long enough, you could see soft, pale shapes floating slowly in the moonlight, looking all the world like giant ephemeral bees attending to stocky stone shrubs. Some were rising like balloons from their gravesites and seemed to follow these silver threads on the ground to the borders of the cemetery, where they then drifted on to places unknown. Some were following them back the other way, finding their place of rest and slowly sinking down into the ground that held their earthly bones like slipping into a hot bath. You’d always heard Halloween, All Soul’s Day, and Dia de los Muertos were when the veil between the living and the dead were thinnest - but you’d always imagined this as a painful process of rupturing, a wound re-opened in the fabric of the universe. What you saw in front of you now was far more gentle, reminding you vaguely of nature docs you’d seen about traveling pods of whales, or the migration of monarch butterflies. Something still a cyclical part of the world around you, even if it was a facet you’d never seen before. In their slow, almost carefree drifting, you wondered if the newly returned were off to spend the next few days with people they loved still on this side of things, or if they were going to tend to earthly matters of their own left unattended.You’d have to ask Maxi, when he came back to you.Shoving your hands again in the pockets of his jacket, you let yourself lean slightly against the freezing stone of Mrs. Botetourt’s marker, trying again not to shiver with nerves and cold as you looked up into the starlit sky. But as your fists clenched and unclenched again in your feeble attempt to keep calm, to feel like you had some semblance of control over… any of this, you paused as your thumb brushed something surprisingly unyielding. There was something in the lining of the jacket that felt foreign somehow. Something hidden, rather than just part of the structure like you’d first assumed.You tried to get your hand around it through the cloth, searching for a hidden seam and entirely missing the flicker of movement in the window of the abandoned church. The object in question was hard, oddly straight - something that didn’t flow with the rest of the leather as it moved around you. The jacket was big enough that you hadn’t noticed it initially, but now that you were waiting here, your nerves like piano wires, it seemed impossible that you had missed it to begin with.After your hand at last slipped through a hole in the inner lining, you reached in, pulling out something that felt curiously cold — like steel under your fingertips.And steel it was.You realized, after pulling it into the limited light, that you were holding a trocar by its handle. It wasn’t one of the longer ones - the ones used for aspirating lungs, removing air from the large and small intestines through the abdominal walls after death - but it was still long enough that it could cause some damage.As you held it up in the moonlight, you squinted, trying to see just what was gathered around its tip and hiding the full shine of the metal. Whatever it was, it was dark, with the consistency of a liquid that had dried… and, when you poked it tentatively through the safety of the leather sleeve, more than willing to crumble away at the slightest interference. …Wait a minute.Though now it felt like eons ago, you thought back to Maxi’s first honest confession to you in your candlelit bedroom about what he was. About what he’d done.Specifically, how he’d used a trocar to scramble the frontal lobe of the creep from the club that night who hadn’t wanted to leave you alone.You stood there, the trocar now seeming to glint more ominously in the light as you considered it. Here was yet another piece of undeniable proof of what he was. Of what he could do. What he could have in store for you, though you didn’t see the red eyes watching you from the church barely a sprint away.He would find you here. This would be the first place he’d look for you. If the situation were reversed, you supposed the would be the first place you looked for him too. It was odd, to think how the love of your life had started here, and might possibly end for you here as well.But this had still been the only place you’d thought to go, despite your fear, despite the gnawing doubt you were trying to push to the back of your mind. What did it say about you that your first instinct had been to find a familiar playing field, rather than any place to hide or take shelter?Aurore had said there was nothing pre-destined about how you and Maxi had left your marks on one another - how you both had chosen it - and you supposed that made a grim sort of sense. If Maxi was, in fact, a monster, then perhaps you were the obvious choice for him: someone more willing to stare a monster down than to run out of any sense of self-preservation. Someone whose idea of darkness had been the voice inside their own head, rather than the serial killer who’d made himself at home in your bed.You’d never felt less afraid of being yourself than when you were with him, though. Of all people, he’d never once made you feel like all the things about yourself that made you anxious were anything to ever worry about. There was no part of you he made you question or doubt, just as there was no part of him you didn’t love. Just as you knew he loved you just as fiercely.Surely, if you had any chance of a future, it was worth trying to survive one night.And then, if it could never be yours after all, at least you would never—The mark on your wrist burned before you heard the footstep, the soft crunch of gravel just behind you.You spun, shoving the trocar in your hand hard upwards out instinct.Adrenaline must have been what kept your arm upright despite the massive crunching force against the tracer’s needle, the painful scraping of the scalpel’s blade hard enough against the steel to cause small sparks.Between the moonlight and the blood red fury of his eyes, you saw Maxi trying to shove his scalpel hard towards your chest.“Hey, you,” you breathed, already feeling like the wind was knocked from your lungs as your arm started to shake from the sheer amount of pressure trying to force it down and away.It suddenly occurred to you that your beloved had a good few inches on you, combined with that gator jaw strength that regularly surprised you when you least expected it.Fuck.Maxi’s teeth were a gleaming snarl as he pulled the scalpel hard back, lunging towards your abdomen now. You didn’t try to block again, instead skittering away from the headstone so the scalpel instead collided with granite. His resulting yell was half pain and half fury, something you’d never heard from him that made your blood run cold.You had to run. Now.You picked a direction and tried to sprint, only to feel fingers curl had into your hair and pull you backwards against solid flesh.Your wrist burned and your chest ached as you felt a stinging cold against your throat, and without thinking, you threw your elbow backwards as hard as you could.Maxi doubled over with a surprised grunt, and you smashed the back of your skull against his jaw, feeling an unpleasant crunch as you did so.“ShitsorrygetOFF!” You pulled away from the hand holding your hair as quickly as possible, yelping as you definitely felt a a good lock of it or more tear from your scalp. You set your sights on a clearing on the other side of the cemetery, and without much else in your head, you booked it.You heard an enraged scream behind you, and you blinked hard against the tears that threatened in your eyes. You didn’t have time—In the briefest second your vision blurred, you nearly tripped, just barely managing not to twist your ankle in a sunken ditch near an older sepulcher. Your swift movement downward meant you missed when Maxi lunged at you out of the dark from your left, the scalpel instead grazing the back of the leather jacket.“What the fuck?!” You swore to god he’d just been behind you. As you straightened up, you felt cold air brush your back through the new rip in the leather. “Fuck!” You bolted again. You didn’t know he was fast.With a hiss, you heard him tearing after you, feet crunching through the grass until suddenly, you heard a scrabbling of stone. You kept running but looked around, trying to assess where he might be lurking in the mass of hulking stone figures. Your wrist still burned, so he had to be close, but in this massive landscape of statues and crypts, he had a million places to conceal himself.An odd movement in your peripheral vision made you look up at the roof of the mausoleum right in front of you, and you barely had time to recognize the crouching silhouette as vaguely human, head tilted at an unnatural angle as it looked down at you.You fell backwards onto your ass from the change in momentum, scrabbling hard backwards with your hands as the shape dropped down in front of you. The head stayed at an odd angle, eyes bright red as they stared down at you from a featureless face, until you heard the chillingly familiar sound of Maxi popping his neck as the figure straightened up. He crossed the space between the two of you in long steps, and you rolled, barely managing to avoid getting pinned to the ground when he fell with his scalpel extended.He crawled after you, the red eyes never blinking, and you desperately struck out with the trocar to put some space between the two of you. You felt it connect with something fleshy and something warm spattered your face, and he made some noise between a hiss and a screech. You cried out in turn when you felt the scalpel’s edge drive in a straight line down your knuckles, forcing you to drop the trocar and pull yourself back into the space between two long lawn crypts for safety.Fuck. You were down your only weapon and now had two wounded hands. You fought tears again as you knuckles burned, making it nearly impossible to make a fist. Your dominant hand had already been out of the game from where Maxi had sliced into your palm at the Masquerade, and even with whatever weird rapid healing was going on now, it still burned when you tried to close it.You heard something scrape on the concrete nearby, and you looked up to see him perched on the lawn crypt directly in front of you, red eyes blaring in the darkness as he stood completely still.You ducked as you saw the long needle of the trocar glint ferociously in the moonlight when he swung it down at you, realizing to your horror he’d picked it up instead. Keeping yourself as low to the ground as possible, you waited for him to drop into the space your body occupied between the tombs, then kicked as hard as you could with the full sole of your boot into his knee.Maxi wobbled and recoiled, making that strange animalistic sound again, and before you could run you felt the full force of his other knee against your back as he dropped down to try to finish you off.You felt the air leave your lungs in a near-sob, the ache in your ribs from the Masquerade fresh again. You clawed your way through the grass and the gravel as fast as you could, pulling yourself out from between the two tombs.You stumbled to your feet while Maxi was still trying to get up, and though your every breath burned, you started running yet again.You heard a repeated crunching over your shoulder, and you looked, realizing that while you were having to navigate across the crumbling potholed ground, he was moving smoothly on top of the stone memorials, leaping from one to another like he didn’t even have to concentrate. So much for going for the knee.You remembered the echoing, manic laughter from the Masquerade, some distant phantom of a part of him that you’d never known, and you wondered if that part had been less distant than either of you had hoped. You wondered further how many people had fled from your beloved as you were fleeing now, with the burning red reflection of his eyes the last thing they ever saw.You half-tripped half-stumbled as the ground changed in height again, sliding somewhat downwards as it sloped.The clearing. You’d made it to the clearing.It was only when you saw the ancient oak tree silhouetted against the light of the moon, its branches bare and skeletal, that you realized it was your clearing. The one from the picnic that late summer day, where you’d promised each other life and then some.Thee was a thud behind you as Maxi had jumped from another tall mausoleum, landing on his feet and quickly standing back up to his full height like he was liquid rather than flesh and bone.The cemetery was behind him, and you realized the only thing in front of you was the wood line that led to the Mortuary.If you were going to start talking, it had to be now.You took a deep breath, trying desperately to ignore the burning in your chest. “Maxi,” you tried, your voice cracking and strained already. “It’s me. I know you can hear me in there.” You swallowed, holding up your hands. “I’m not going to fight you anymore, baby.”Maxi stopped, seeming to hesitate. With another curious tilt of his head, he walked forward, the moonlight changing his eyes from their red reflection to the deep, endless black you remembered from the Masquerade. Blood was running from his nose and mouth where you’d thrown your head back, and the clash of it against his already pale skin and his eyes made your stomach turn.“Talk to me,” you begged, trying to resist the urge to keep backing up even though he was standing still again.You regretted this when his responding grin split his face, his own blood coloring his teeth. “Hey yourself.”You stifled a gasp, not sure if you were more scared by the fact that his voice sounded warped and wrong, with barely a trace of him in it, or by the fact that apparently he did hear you earlier.“…Give him back,” you managed at last.Not-Maxi took a couple steps closer to you, twirling the trocar easily between his fingers as he did the scalpel. “You’re cute, human.” The smile dropped off his face so fast it was eerie. “But he’s spoken for.”“Fuck you, he’s mine,” you spat, straightening up as much as you could. “He told me so himself.”The thing wearing your lover’s face outright laughed at you, something cold you didn’t recognize in his mouth. “You really think your little infatuation can depose a centuries old contract?”“He promised me the rest of his life.” You shook your head, hoping your voice wasn’t shaking as much as you felt. “I don’t know about you, but I know with my demons, intention is everything.” Your dominant hand clenched into a fist without you realizing it, and in the ensuing pain, you remembered every wound you’d ever inflicted on yourself and what it had taken to let yourself survive. You took a breath, the pain in your ribs now a dull thud. “He gave me his heart. What did he promise you, exactly?”And, for just an instant, the confident sneer disappeared, the black in Maxi’s eyes parting to reveal his actual iris. The two of you exchanged the briefest look of recognition before Maxi shook his head, his eyes clouding over black again.“Whatever he promised you, I’m part of him.” This time his voice sounded just a little more like himself - you could hear a note of uncertainty, of fear, underneath the gravel of Vincent’s curse. You shook your head. “I don’t care. He’s mine. I’m his. That’s how this is going to go.”“There’s no expelling me, there’s no getting rid of me.” Maxi walked a couple steps closer to you, leaning down slightly so the two of you were eye to eye even as he loomed over you. “You keep him, I’ll always be right here, just beneath the happy little surface of your life.” He tilted his head, watching you intently. “Can you stomach that? That he’ll always be a monster?”You tilted your chin upwards, your gaze never wavering. “Does it look like I’m afraid of you?”Before he could respond, you caught his face in your hands, pressing your lips to his in a kiss that burned.Maxi froze, and you felt something pass through him that was half-shiver, half-spasm.When you pulled back to look at him, his eyes were brown again.“It’s okay,” you said quickly, not knowing how much time you had. You shrugged off his jacket, letting it drop to the ground before you as you took his face in your hands again, desperate for as much closeness as you could get. “It’s okay, Maxi, I’m here. Try and come back, baby.”Maxi’s breathing was ragged, exhausted. He mumbled your name like he was half asleep, his hands coming up to grip your shoulders. “You should go.” He winced, as if just now feeling the pain in his nose and jaw. “You need to go, darlin’. Get away from here. I don’t know how long I can keep it—“ He shivered again, letting out a gasp that bordered on a retch.“I’m not going anywhere,” you said, pressing your forehead to his and finding his hair and skin damp with feverish sweat. “I’m not leaving you alone, Maxi.”“No,” Maxi mewled brokenly. “Please go. Please go, I’m— please.” You weren’t sure if he was shaking from adrenaline or fear, but he shivered against your palms. “I can’t hurt you, I can’t hurt you, I don’t want to hurt you.” He shook his head frantically, near tears. “Please don’t let me hurt you.”You hugged him tightly around his chest, trying to help him calm down. “You won’t,” you murmured, kissing his cheek. “You won’t. You’re awake now. You can fight this, I know you can.” You leaned back, making sure you could see his eyes. “I’m not scared of you, Maxi.”His eyes were searching yours before he suddenly flinched, looking for a moment like he was going to be sick. His head fell forward, panting — only to straighten up with his eyes again a solid black, watching you with a curious expression.“What if I could offer you something you want?” Its voice had subsumed Maxi’s again, now mostly a sound that reminded you of a hand scrabbling for purchase under a bed.You fought your urge to pull back, refusing to let go of the person you loved now that you knew he had a foothold in there somewhere. “I won’t take anything else but him.”“Nothing?” It grinned again, somehow all wrong on Maxi’s face despite it being his face. It set his hands on your hips, and you looked down and back, confused. “You’re so quick to deny yourself.” It started to sway, slowly, pulling you with it. After a moment, you matched it cautiously, and it was then you realized it was trying to dance with you. “He thinks so too, you know.” It took your hand in Maxi’s left, in an odd parody of a waltz. “He would give you everything, if he was only brave enough. Everything you ever wanted, by any means necessary. Everything he could ever do to make you feel protected, adored, fuck anything that stands in his way.” You tried not to flinch as it dipped you backwards, looking down at you. “Everyone who’s ever hurt you, dead at your feet.” It was still grinning, red blood against white bone. “But I can give you even more than that.”You forced down the chill that threatened to run down your spine, shaking your head. “No.” You pushed back, taking the lead and forcing him to let you upright. “Just him. Just him and a life. Our life.”“You’re so determined to be his, little human,” the thing purred, twirling you outwards. “When I can make you something truly exquisite.”It pulled you so you spun back, and while you were disoriented, it trapped you with your back against Maxi’s torso. For the second time that night, you recognized the stinging cold of the scalpel’s blade against the skin of your neck.“Be my victim,” the voice that wasn’t his whispered, low and warm in your ear, and you shivered against his chest. His right hand flattened against your stomach to pull you flush against him, and the cold steel of the scalpel sang against your throat. “Be my victim, and be part of a legacy that spans the ages. Let your death make you last forever, the crown jewel of my Ritual. Be part of something that matters, for once.”Your gut twisted as you recognized, layered under the curse, the sound of the voice that had stalked you through the Left-Hand mirror at the Masquerade. The voice from your darkest nights alone.Your head fell backwards against his shoulder, giving your neck some space between the scalpel and your skin. “I already am part of something,” you said softly. You turned slightly to look over your own shoulder as much as you could. You were getting nowhere talking to the Demon, searching the blackness of the eyes staring at you for the deep brown you remembered.“I’m yours, Maxi, remember?” You took the hand holding the blade to your throat, kissing the knuckles white against his skin. “And you’re mine. That’s enough for me.”Very slightly, underneath your hand, you felt his grip begin to shake.“And what if I’m Death?” he asked - and while the voice of the curse was still heavily present, you could hear Maxi’s underneath it, an anxious undercurrent.You smiled a little at the sound of your beloved starting to make himself heard. “Be my life first, and we’ll talk about it,” you said softly, and you saw the black across his eyes again waver.You carefully pulled the shaking hand away from your throat, but rather than trying to get away, you turned back to face him, your hands coming to rest on his chest.“Are you so quick to give yourself to something that can only destroy?” The Curse’s voice was softer now, and Maxi’s head tilted as it quizzically inspected your face. “That can only end, and never create? That spends its nights seeking the ugliest things it can to feed its own darkness?”You felt the scalpel tracing the line of your scapula, then your spine, coming to rest at the base of your skull.“You don’t only destroy, Maxi,” you said, your hand coming up to cup his cheek. “Every day, you let someone say goodbye to someone they love. You give people a peace they couldn’t have otherwise — not without your help.” You reached with your other hand to push his sweaty hair away from his eyes, the red makeup from the Masquerade still searingly bright against his wan skin. “And you and I are going to create a life that isn’t only this, okay? We can do it. I promise.” You swallowed hard, trying to keep sounding more confident than you felt. “I still only want that with you.”You stepped forward, erasing any space left between the two of you, and leaned up to press a careful kiss to his lips.You were surprised when you felt a hand seize your hip, his grip punishing as he kissed you back with a ferocity that you had to admit, deep down, frightened you a little. The hand switched to his arm caging your waist, and his mouth fell to your throat, licking a stripe through what you were sure had to be an accumulation of sweat and fear. At last, he bit down punishingly hard on your skin, making you inhale through your clenched teeth.While he sucked what would be a violently colored bruise into your neck, you felt the scalpel in his left hand move from your back around your shoulder, where it traced down the bodice of the Masquerade costume you were still wearing. It sliced callously through the fasteners, leaving you shivering in the night chill as it fell open to expose your torso.Maxi backed you further into the clearing until your boots stumbled over the change from dry grass to the moss that lingered around the massive oak’s roots. Once there, he sank to his knees, pulling you down roughly by the barely-intact collar of the tunic so you fell with him. Not once did he waver in his attention, laving his tongue over your newest mark before pushing it in your mouth again. You kissed him back all the while, determined not to lose him again even though your senses were flooded with the cold copper taste of the blood between his teeth.He shoved you onto your back so you were gazing up at him, splaying the tunic so you were left only in the dark compression top you’d been wearing underneath. His eyes - still perfectly black - raked over your exposed skin in a way that made you wonder if he was going to eat you alive.You weren’t sure what scared you more: that look, or that you were at once flooded in your core with a terrible mix of fear and need.The scalpel blade traced down your torso, between your covered breasts and down across your navel, before stopping at the waist of the trousers you’d been wearing. It sliced carefully away at the buttons, and freezing fingers yanked them and your underwear down your thighs as you watched, your lips slightly parted as you weren’t sure whether to protest or plead.Maxi’s hands pulled your thighs apart as he loomed over you, his fingers curling possessively into your ample flesh as he gazed down at you so exposed with an obvious hunger.You held your breath, feeling your legs already shaking slightly under his grip — only to release it in a nervous moan when he placed the sharp edge of the scalpel to the top of your right inner thigh. Slowly, he traced a thin line that quickly colored with blood, leaving you gasping softly as he did the same to the left. Carefully, he angled your thighs upwards, holding them there so the lines of red traced new paths towards your waiting cunt.When you saw his tongue run tellingly across his lower lip, you felt yourself clench around air.His hands shifted as he adjusted his position to claim you better, his arms wrapping around your thighs to hold them mercilessly up and apart against his shoulders even as his left hand continued to clutch the handle of the scalpel. Instinctively, your hands curled into his hair as he pulled you roughly closer to him, dragging you down the wine-colored silk lining of your tunic. Maxi lapped greedily at your cunt, at the slick and the blood gathering and mixing under his tongue, before sucking at your clit in a way that turned your moan to a sob in its intensity. You watched in horror and fascination as the blood from your thighs streamed down in tiny, controlled rivulets, smearing your folds and Maxi’s hungry mouth already painted with his own. You barely noticed when his right hand slipped from around your thigh, so absorbed were you in the rough but precise way he pressed the flat of his tongue against your clit to make you arch hard against his jaw.You absolutely noticed, though, when he pushed two fingers inside you as you arched, causing you to twitch and clench around the sudden intrusion. He flattened his tongue again against your clit just as his fingers curled against the most sensitive place inside you, and you cried out, your head falling back as you were overwhelmed by sensation: this joined forceful pressure, the obscene sounds of his tongue, and the unexpected heat of his saliva and your blood against your flesh.When you looked down, your thighs shaking in his grip now for a different reason, you saw him watching you with eyes of the purest obsidian, his tongue smeared with your essence and painted red by your delicate wounds.When your gazes met, he swiftly withdrew his fingers from you and, with the briefest flash of a wicked grin, shoved his tongue in their place.This was enough. With a shriek of Maxi’s name, you came undone underneath him, your head falling back as you pushed your hips hard against him in a desperate bid for more pressure. You felt him fucking you stubbornly through your release, clenching around it as you were sure you had to be flooding his mouth with the hot slick that spilled from you.He only pulled his tongue from you when you stilled, laughing low in his throat as you were gasping up at the night sky. Your breath spilled in front of you in white puffs of steam, floating above you like the ghosts you’d seen not long ago.“Oh, gorgeous…” You glanced down to see Maxi crawling up your prone form, hovering over you when he was level with your eyes. The voice was still that of the Curse, though you could hear more of him in it, his longing obvious even now. He was watching you pant underneath him with those endless black eyes and a nearly crazed grin, the whole lower half of his face now a brilliant red. “You think playing the whore for a monster will save me?”You caught that pronoun slip - he was there, still. He was within reach. You felt yourself smirk even as you continued to try to catch your breath. “You’re my monster.” You swallowed, gasping for air. “I already told you, Maxi, I’m not scared of you. I love you.” You met his eyes again, and you could just see the wavering of the onyx obfuscation. “I’m yours. Unconditionally.”You leaned up to kiss the mouth that had wrecked you, tasting the mix of your juices and your blood and Maxi’s tongue. Maxi froze at first, as if surprised somehow — before he kissed you with an impassion clash of teeth as he nipped your lower lip like it was the sweetest fruit.You hissed softly into his mouth as you felt something brush your still-sensitive folds, realizing a moment later that his hips were pushing the hard line of his cock against you through his trousers as he desperately sought friction. Your hands moved to his hips, pulling him invitingly against you, but he startled you when he just as quickly flinched away.“You don’t know what you’re askin’.” For the first time, the voice sounded almost totally like your lover again - though the Curse was still present, you could hear Maxi’s naked need at war with his fear, desperation mixed with his anxious pragmatism.You reached down, cupping him through his trousers just to hear him gasp. “Yes I do.” Your eyes met his, flickering between his dark brown and the total blackness you’d come to know tonight. “You told me everything.” You squeezed softly, and he outright groaned. “I still came here tonight. I’m still choosing you.”As you reached to free his cock, he captured your wrists in one hand, pinning them hard above your head as he did it himself, shedding his somehow still intact jacket and shirt in the process. You couldn’t help but feel your breath hitch as he slid his length immediately between your folds, brushing your clit with the head and making you squirm all over again from overstimulation. You pushed back, trying to find some equivalent pressure, but he shoved your hips down with the hand holding his scalpel and pinned you there with a ruthless grip.He took his time grinding against you almost lazily, coating himself in your blood and the remnants of your orgasm while he smeared his dripping pre-cum through your folds. He watched you as his hips canted against yours, smirking as you attempted to flinch away and bit your lip to keep from whining openly.“Maxi, please,” you said at last, desperately straining against each of his hands where they bound you. “…Please, Daddy?” you breathed, and the flash of his eyes told you that was what he’d been waiting for.Maxi covered your mouth with his, swallowing your sentence as he at last split you with his length. You moaned at the slow intrusion, sliding just enough to keep you from having time to adjust as he pushed into you.“Mine.” He moaned it so raggedly you almost didn’t catch it, going still only when he had shoved himself as deep into you as he could go. You felt yourself writhing under his hips, gasping softly at the feeling of being so completely full. You felt yourself clenching around him, almost trying to push him out for some relief from the pressure, but he only pushed in further at the resistance. When you moaned at this, overwhelmed, he let go of your hip to catch your jaw in his hand and spat into your open mouth. He hungrily watched you blink, briefly stunned, before you swallowed instinctively. When he grinned, something dark and vicious, you felt your face burn. “That’s my pretty baby.” The voice was still layered as he crooned, but it was his pet name for you nonetheless. Lifting the scalpel, he traced a featherlight line down your cheek. “Still so eager, even knowing the truth.” His tongue traced where the scalpel had just been, and you realized from the sting he’d left the slightest wound. His black eyes were curious above you, like two holes in his skull to the night sky behind him. “If I’m a monster,” he murmured, his own breath a spectral fog now. “What does that make you?”You felt his scalpel come to rest over your heart, and you wondered if he could see the blade quivering against your skin as it raced in your chest.“If you’re a monster,” you whispered, never looking away. “Then I must be one too.” You swallowed hard. “Because I refuse to let you face this alone.”You didn’t know immediately why your chest suddenly ached, or why your eyes suddenly stung with tears as the breath left your lungs. Even as you heard the fabric of your compression top rip, and felt warm liquid spill over and across your skin, you still didn’t actually put it together until you looked down.Maxi had cut into your chest, and the wound was gushing red.Your soft cry was strangled as his hips snapped against yours, and turned further still into a moan as the snap turned into a punishing rhythm, the pain melting into a delicious ache as he moved against your velvet walls. Still clenching your wrists in his right hand, you saw him press a surprisingly tender kiss to the wound on your chest, coating his mouth in a fresh layer of scarlet. When he looked to you, the black eyes were surprisingly soft, even adoring. Before you realized what you were doing, you leaned up expectantly, and he didn’t keep you waiting as he kissed you next.The blood on his mouth was still warm.His left arm curled around your back, pulling you flush to him with the flat of the scalpel resting against your ribs. You were aware of both the slick movement of your blood sliding against his skin and a soft, unexplainable heat where the knife had split your skin.On some level, the sparking burn felt familiar - like something from a half-remembered dream.He pressed his forehead to yours, watching your face as your hips were starting to stutter in your shared rhythm. The heat pooling in your core was so intense, you were convinced it’d break you when it at last took you over.You realized Maxi was also close to coming undone as he moved to hide his face in your shoulder now, murmuring near-incoherently as he pressed feverish kisses to your neck.“Mine. My sweet monstrous mirror, mine,” he whispered, and you felt your face heat anew. His right hand at last let go of your wrists, and you sighed in relief, arching against his touch as his fingers ghosted down your side. You felt your breathing shallow out into panting, and you gasped when his cool fingers reach between you to curl lovingly against your clit. You seized his right shoulder in attempt to ground yourself, thighs shaking as you felt your world about to shatter. With a last gentle graze of his fingers as his cock seemed to split you to your very core, you came apart with his name an insensate incantation on your lips, the ends of your nerves feeling like they were positively glowing.Your fingernails scraped hard down his skin as you arched against him, and that pulled him over the edge of darkness with you. With a cry to the moon, he filled you with his release to the point of it sliding down your bloody thighs.For a moment, all either of you could see at the edges of your vision was a soft glow of rose-colored sparks.You were barely back in your body when you felt Maxi lavishing kisses over your chest, pushing as deep into you as he could through the aftershock. You could only hold him close, trying to catch up with his frantic whispers when it still felt like you were floating between the stars. “Maxi?”“We could bring the world to their knees,” he murmured against your skin, and his hands trailed lovingly down your chest and your sides. “We could cover everything in a darkness all our own.”“But I want it to be just ours,” you murmured back, still in a blissful daze as you gazed up at the sky. You stroked his shoulder where you’d scratched it to sooth the flesh. “Why should we share that?”“Because you’d be a vision.” His kisses had moved down to your stomach, where he was looming over it protectively as he still held his hips against yours. “You’d be glorious, carrying any child of mine, perfect and full.” You felt him press his cheek to your chest, now. “You’d be lovely. Divine.” You tried not to let despair overwhelm you so soon after what had felt like something beautiful, but for a moment, you panicked, wondering if you had gotten through to him at all.“…Maxi.” You reluctantly pulled away from him, moaning softly at the resulting pang of emptiness as you separated before getting to your knees. “We talked about this, babe,” you reminded him gently, still trying to catch your breath.Maxi blinked, perplexed, but mirrored your position. “You’d be an angel of life among the dead.” He pressed another kiss to your stomach, leaving a small trace of your blood from around his mouth. “We could show the world exactly what kind of monsters we are.”You shook your head. “Only you get to see that part of me.” You glanced around to find a shred of your tunic that had been a casualty in the frenzy. Picking it up and folding it into something more useful, you beckoned him back to you. “That’s for us. No one else.”He moved back to your side immediately, and as you cleaned him up carefully, he nuzzled your cheek. “You and I could have a new lineage between us,” he insisted as you set him to rights, even going so far as to pull his shirt around his shoulders for even a scrap of warmth. When you tried to move back, he reached possessively for your hips again, holding on hopefully.Sighing, you kissed the end of his nose. “No, my love.” You didn’t mind being held as you cleaned yourself as best you could - some of the blood was too dry at this point to do anything about, but at least you felt more composed.  As you took care of yourself, you noticed the sky starting to lighten from black to darkest blue.“You and I said no kids, Maxi.” You only broke away to dress yourself, feeling adoring eyes on you the whole time as you tried your best to put yourself back together. You met his gaze at last, watching him seem to struggle with what you were saying. “We’re breaking the cycle.”Maxi blinked, his expression confused and hurt even with the darkness of his eyes. “We could rewrite a world that left us both alone,” he said, tilting his head to look at you. “Don’t you want that? …With me?” With this last addition, he sounded the most like he had so far tonight - the tentative nervousness of the man you loved, who was still afraid he’d wake up to find you were a dream.“I told you what I want, Maxi,” you murmured soothingly. You reached up, wrapping your arms around his neck. “You’re what I want for my family. You’re enough. We’re just going to go gray together and then die a day apart like in a bad movie.” Your smile turned watery as you fought tears. The dark eyes stared at you, still wounded, and your heart sank. Unwilling to acknowledge the sudden lead weight in your stomach, or the watery burn in your eyes, you silently begged every ghost and god that might have been listening to just give him back to you. Just this once, to let something go right, even if it never happened again.You couldn’t remember the last time you had needed someone this badly. Or being brave enough to admit you needed them.Desperate, you looked around, running your hands nervously down your sides as you looked for anything that could help with that last catalyst — before pausing, your hand catching something in the inner lining of your tunic.Wait a minute.Shoving your hand into the pocket Rora had sewed for you, you pulled out Maxi’s glasses that he’d handed to you back at the New Orleans apartment. Miraculously, despite having been pushed, shoved, and grabbed all night, there wasn’t so much as a scratch on the lenses or a dent in the black frames.You looked up to see him watching you curiously, and you held his glasses out on a hand you were trying to force not to shake. “We still have to flip a coin for who gets to kick it first,” you managed, willing yourself not to cry. “Remember?”For a second, Maxi stared at you still, as though you’d said something from a dream he could barely remember… before, at last, let out a shaking exhale, as if he’d been holding his breath all night. You watched, terrified and hopeful, as his eyes flickered before, at last, the darkness faded to a brown closer to the one you’d come to adore.You felt like it was the first time you’d seen the sun rise in eons.“…H-heads, I go,” he stuttered, blinking as his eyes continued to lighten. “Tails, it’s you”You laughed shakily, part of you still nervous and disbelieving. “Yeah. Yeah, exactly.” You watched him take his glasses in shaking hands, sliding them on his face and blinking at you like he was really seeing you for the first time all night. “Hey, baby,” you whispered, feeling yourself smile so hard your cheeks hurt. “There you are.”Maxi whispered your name like he was coming out of a deep sleep, his voice finally fully his own again as he rested his forehead wearily against yours. His arms wrapped around your waist, squeezing gently as if to make sure you were real - but when you hissed in pain, his eyes flew open, searching your face. “What happened? I remember the— the Masquerade, and then my dad, and—” He whipped around, scanning the lines of the trees as if to see Pierre or Vincent lurking along the edge. “Where are we?”“We’re in our cemetery. It’s okay,” you said softly, moving your hands to his chest to steady him. “My love, take your time. Look at me,” you nodded, a little afraid to look away from him yourself. “It’s going to be okay.”“But how did we get here? What happened? Did Hector and Rora get out okay?” Maxi stopped dead, and you realized he must be looking at what must have been the blood transfer around your mouth as the sky continued to lighten. His already pale skin blanched even further, and for a moment, he looked like he was going to be sick. “What is that?” he whispered. His eyes flicked to yours, scared. “Who did that to you?”You knew you were wounded. You hadn’t looked to see how deep the cut over your chest actually was, in the middle of… everything.You suddenly found yourself trying not to shake, but it soon overwhelmed you.Maxi looked down at you both slowly, horror dawning on his face. “Jesus, baby, I’m—“ A hand flew to his mouth, only for him to immediately pull it away as he discovered it was still somewhat covered in your blood. “Who hurt you?” he repeated, his hand nervously reaching towards your chest.From the way his voice shook, though, you realized he already knew the answer.“Maxi, it’s going to be okay, I just... we need to...“ You looked down, following his gaze — only to wonder if you were hallucinating.Where you’d expected to find a wound in your chest, there was only an angry line; what would have been a nasty cut, a few inches long and exactly over your heart, instead looked like something you’d had for weeks. It was closed now, and, while it looked like it would leave a peculiar scar, at least wasn’t the gaping wound you’d thought it would be.As you both watched, a small red spark traced the cut like a shooting star before winking out against your skin.“Oh, thank god.” You breathed a sigh of relief, and Maxi looked at you like you’d grown a second head.“The hell do you mean, ‘thank god’?” he blurted, still looking horrified. When you looked up to meet his gaze, you saw tears threatening to overflow.“Babe,” you reached for him, but he pulled back hard, searching your body with anxious eyes. “Christ, is this all yours?” His voice sounded on the verge of breaking, his face wracked with guilt as he looked between the two of you at the seemingly endless amounts of congealing blood. As if afraid he’d break you, he inspected you bit by bit: he prodded nervously at a bruise blooming on your ribs, where you’d fallen twice that evening, then tentatively inspected your palms - both the mostly healed scar of your dominant hand, and the fresher wounds on the palm and knuckles of the other. You were grateful you’d already hidden the wounds and blood on your thighs with your trousers before he fully came to.“Fuck.” Maxi sat back, his hands tangling in his hair to the point of pulling it. “Fuck, look at you. I hurt you.” The anguish in his voice was palpable.“No worse than I’ve hurt myself before,” you soothed, placing your hands gently to his chest again. “And I survived that, too.” “You shouldn’t have to ‘survive’ me,” Maxi ground out, unable to meet your eyes as his hands fell listlessly to his sides.“But I will, won’t I?” You leaned up, kissing the corner of his mouth. When you pulled back, you saw his face on the edge of crumpling. “Baby,” you murmured, taking his cheeks gently in your hands. “One of us was already going to have to survive the other,” you reminded him. You met his eyes, smiling dryly. “And if we’ve already agreed to that - to certain death, and then eternal darkness, together,” you shrugged. “I think if we’re sitting here still alive, we can just call this a particularly wild Halloween, don’t you?”Maxi looked at you in agony still, torn. “I don’t want to be the thing that hurts you,” he whispered, his voice still haunted by the thought of it.“But I’m asking you to be.” Your smile turned melancholy. “One way or the other, babe, I don’t want to get out of this alive.” You stroked his cheekbone affectionately with your thumb. “I’m asking you to bury me one day. I don’t want you for anything less.”Maxi’s agony softened into hesitation as he searched your face for any sign of doubt… before, finally, he relaxed into longing.“I want that too,” he admitted softly. At last, you felt his arms wind around your waist again, hugging you loosely this so as not to aggravate your injuries. “But not… like this. Not again.” He shook his head. “Not without me knowin’ what’s goin’ on, or without talkin’ to you.”“That, I can promise you.” You kissed the end of his nose. “I could’ve really done without the chase through the graveyard anyway, under these circumstances. Besides,” you added, taking your turn to look him over. “You weren’t the only one who got some licks in - sorry about your jaw,” you winced, noticing a purpling bruise where you’d flung your head backwards.Maxi blinked, lifting one of his hands tenderly to the spot you were staring at. “Is that why it’s throbbin’ like that?”“‘Fraid so.” You smiled weakly as you continued your search - though the smile quickly left your face as you spotted something on his shoulder. The one you’d clawed earlier, in the midst of your orgasm. You brushed aside the side of his open shirt, concerned.Just above his clavicle, in the cook of his neck on the right side, was something… pulsing. Even glowing, faintly, as the cemetery around you continued to lighten.“What?” Maxi tried to angle his head to follow your gaze, albeit unsuccessfully.“It… I don’t know,” you shook your head. “It’s not a wound — it’s not bleeding, anyway,” you clarified, glancing up at him. Hesitatingly, you reached forward — only to see it spark as you went to touch it.The sparks were a softer version of Maxi’s blood red, something closer to a rosy shade.“Holy shit,” you whispered. “What?” Maxi repeated, looking perplexed.“It’s… here,” you grabbed one of his hands, gently pressing the tips of his fingers to the spot.As he skimmed it, you saw his red sparks clash with the rose-colored ones — like Pierre’s blue ones had against the red mark Maxi had left on your wrist.Maxi hissed suddenly, a hand flying to his lower left ribs. “Ow. Shit, okay, somethin’ just started to hurt…” He pulled his hand away, finding yet more red having soaked through the shirt you’d just redressed him in, rather than where your blood simply stained it. “What did you do, gorgeous, stab me?” He reached down to pull away the shirt hem, revealing where you must have struck with the trocar in the dark. “…Oh.” He blinked. “Guess you did. Huh.”“Sorry,” you mumbled sheepishly.“Don’t worry about it, happens all the time.” He waved a hand, still distracted.While the both of you watched, you saw the rosy sparks make another appearance, covering Maxi’s wound in concentric circles. They moved forward haltingly, but as they did so, they seemed to spin threads of new flesh like tiny glowing spiders.“…Why are your sparks different?” You glanced up at him, confused.Maxi stared, eyes wide. “Because I don’t think they’re mine,” he said slowly. “What?”He reached down, taking your hand gently in his and pulling away the other side of his shirt to find another wound.When he located an angry, purpling bruise where your elbow had crashed into him, he touched your fingers gently to the spot — only for the rosy sparks to leap seemingly from your fingertips, doing their little spider-like skitters across it until it was at least a shade lighter.You blinked. “…How—“ You looked from your hand to him. “But I’m not—?”Maxi shook his head. “I don’t know.” He ran a hand through his hair. “I’ve never seen that happen before — a normal person with this kind of magic.” Concern crept into his confusion. “We’re gonna have to ask Rora and Hector what they… know…” He trailed off, his eyes dropping suddenly to your compression top with a new curiosity.“Wait, what are you looking at now?” You looked down, wondering if yours was glowing too.“I just realized…” Maxi blinked, shaking his head slightly. Holding up a finger, he moved aside his shirt again, revealing the scar on his chest you’d come to love in an odd sort of way.It was only as you gazed at it anew that you recognized yours would now be a perfect mirror image of it.“…Oh,” you murmured.After a long moment of further concerned inspection, Maxi at last glanced up at you. “We should get back to the House.”You nodded, still looking between your matching scars. “Yeah, probably.” Not that it would make things any less weird. But at least you’d be able to get a shower.As the sun at last started to peek over the abandoned church on the other side of the cemetery, you saw a few lingering ghosts start to shimmer as they made their way to and from their tombs - the sunlight catching through them like crystals before it rendered them oddly invisible: the wavy mirages of a heatwave in early November.When you looked back to Maxi, he was watching you still, with that soft look you’d come to feel at home in.“…What?” You smiled again, unable to help your relief.Maxi just shook his head. “I just… I didn’t know this was an option.” He smiled back, though there was a sadness to it. “Everythin’ I’d ever heard, it was that Obsession didn’t survive, or their Obsessor.” He gestured to you, the sadness now mixing with relief. “But here you are. And here I am.” His shoulders sagged like the weight of the night had suddenly settled on them like vultures. “I spent ages thinkin’ I was goin’ to have to lose you, one way or the other.” He shook his head again, though this time it was more an effort to shake back the tears that threatened at the corners of his eyes. “And now that I know I don’t, I…” He looked back to you, laughing his familiar laugh, but it was the first time you’d ever heard it mingled with a sob.You closed the space between the two of you, hugging him tightly - only for both of you to make soft noises of pain as your respective wounds were brushed. Instead, you took his hand, squeezing it tightly in your mostly healed one. “I told you,” you said softly, trying not to cry yourself again. “I wasn’t going to let them have you.” You lifted the back of his hand to your lips, kissing it gently. “You’re stuck with me. ’Til death and then some.”Maxi sniffled slightly, wiping away tears under his glasses with his free hand as he squeezed yours back. “There’s no one else I’d rather go to the grave with.”You stood on your toes as he leaned down, and you could feel him smiling too as he kissed you.The two of you took your time walking through the woods towards the Mortuary, hand in hand as Maxi helped you along the path through the relatively thick trees between the House and the cemetery. It was the first time he’d ever shown anyone the way, and it was the first time of many you’d both be using the shortcut back and forth. Until you would both go the one way, one day, never to come back the other.In a weird way, you thought to yourself, it was like you were finally getting to finish the walk from that first day playing the graveyard game.-Your first stop, once inside, was the shower in the master bedroom on the third floor.Maxi, ever the gentleman, had barely begun to ask you if you wanted to go first before you dragged him in with you, not even bothering to say no.Under the heat of the water, once the blood was gone from both of you (after waves and waves and waves of soap), you realized just how quickly your wounds were healing after all. You could flex each of your hands without much pain now, and your chest wound, while still somewhat raw at the edges, looked like it wouldn’t need much more than some good antiseptics and a bandage. Maxi’s trocar wound was definitely already closed, and though still discolored, already seemed more manageable than it had in the cemetery. Even the bruises on both of you were starting to become less angry (though Maxi still winced apologetically at the ones he’d left on your neck).Maxi seemed reluctant, at first, to let you be the one to wash him - his urge to take care of you first always took some negotiating with. But when you at last worked the lather over his skin, his lean muscles that you were sure ached, you saw him finally close his eyes, sighing like he’d lived a century in the span of a night. When you were sure you saw fresh tears commingled with the shower water, you said nothing, just leaning up to kiss his cheek before pulling him down somewhat so you could wash his hair.When it was your turn, he took such care with you that you could feel your face warm in a way that had nothing to do with the steam filling the room. Every inch of you he seemed to examine with a close eye, taking extra time with anything that looked remotely like a bruise or scrape. With your larger wounds, he was clinically gentle, checking the surrounding abrasions repeatedly before he at last turned his attention elsewhere. Though he was silent the entire time, and never once did anything more than kiss you (or a bruise he thought it wouldn’t agitate), you couldn’t remember the last time anyone else had ever told you so clearly how much they loved you.After he’d finished with your hair, careful to remove any debris from the cemetery grounds, the two of you found yourselves simply holding onto each other under the spray - Maxi with his cheek resting against your temple, you with your mouth pressed into his shoulder. You stood there, still silent, but it was the most at peace you’d felt in ages.“I’m sorry,” he murmured - and though it was soft, it still felt like it echoed over the spray.You shook your head. “There’s nothing—““No,” he insisted, pulling back slightly to look at you. “I hurt you. I probably scared the shit out of you, too. Even if I couldn’t help it, or didn’t mean to.” He put a hand gently to the side of your face. “I love you. I will never not love you.” His voice was quiet, in that half-to-himself way you knew meant he was serious. “I know you feel better playin’ it off like it’s no big deal, darlin’, but I’m not goin’ anywhere if you acknowledge that I did. I swear.”You stared at him, at the dark eyes you’d grown so intensely familiar with, at a loss for words.“I don’t ever want you to feel like you have to pretend I didn’t hurt you when I did, or that nothin’ happened,” he went on. “And I don’t want you to have to feel like you have to accept my apology when you really can’t yet, either.” He shook his head. “You don’t have to forgive me for everythin’ that happened last night, or any of it, ever. But I want you to tell me if there’s anythin’ I need to do to… help. Or do better.” He gazed at you. “I want us to feel like we can always be honest with each other, especially when we’re hurt. Because I never want to hide anythin’ from you again,” he said, his eyes looking slightly pained now. “I mean… look where it got us.”“Maxi. Honey.” You reached up, putting your arms around his neck as gently as you could. “I love you. I’m not forgiving you when I don’t want to — and I’m not just trying to wave it away, I promise,” you said quietly, making sure to meet his eyes. “I was scared, yeah. And I’m definitely going to be fucking sore for a bit,” you said, smiling despite yourself. “But I went after you even though everyone with sense told me not to. I knew the risks. I wouldn’t have gone to find you like that if I was afraid of you, or of getting hurt.” You shook your head in turn. “But I would do it again, if I had to.” Your hands moved to his arms, squeezing them slightly so you didn’t squeeze his ribs. “I would do anything, face anything, for you. For us. I love you,” you said, your voice softening. “And I’ll never not love you, either.”Maxi looked at you with palpable relief, his smile sweet as he leaned forward to kiss you again —Only for the two of you to be startled by what sounded like a clattering noise against the door.You glanced at each other before Maxi shut off the water, the two of you listening carefully.The clattering noise echoed against the door again, before it was followed by the sound of a bunch of small, hollow things rolling down the hall.“What—“ You looked to Maxi, who simply shook his head, looking wary.The two of you got out, dressing quickly in what soft clothes you’d grabbed in a daze (a t-shirt and underwear for you, boxers and pajama pants for Maxi) before Maxi put on his glasses, watching the door cautiously. “It’s not a ghost,” he murmured to you. “Or anythin’ else that leaves an essence.” You saw his hand dip into his pocket, only for him to frown when he realized there was no scalpel to be found there.“Well,” you sighed, popping your neck. “It can’t be worse than us fighting each other.”“Oh, you’d be surprised,” Maxi muttered, gently pushing you behind him. The two of you tensed as Maxi counted silently to three with his fingers, before he threw open the door and the two of you stepped out at once —Only to see what looked like a tumbleweed made entirely of bones rolling towards you down the hall.The tumbleweed stopped suddenly in front of you both, the bones spilling loosely over the floor in a puddle before, even more oddly, reassembling themselves into an actual creature. Magnolia stood before the both of you once the bones settled, her empty sockets somehow looking up at you both as she greeted you with an ethereal, echoing meow.“Oh hey, Maggie!” Maxi’s whole demeanor shifted immediately, and he knelt down to scratch behind where her ears used to be. “Where you been, baby? You doin’ okay?”You blinked. “Wasn’t she at my house?”“…Yeah, now that you mention it.” Maxi picked her up, holding her against his bare chest. She rubbed the ridge of her zygomatic bone against his skin, one of her vertebrae doing its weird little thing where it vibrated to sound like a purr. “How’d you get back here, sweet pea?”You didn’t have long to find out, as you suddenly heard two sets of footsteps thundering up the stairs. Hector turned the corner in what you recognized as the hoodie you’d first seen him in, his hair clearly ruffled from a restless sleep. Rora ran up behind him in a white nightgown that looked breathtaking against her skin, nearly running into him when he stopped suddenly at the sight of you two. “What, why’d you stop, what’s wrong—““Yes!” Hector threw his fists in the air like a prizefighter, grinning madly. “Fuck yeah, I told you they’d make it! What’d I fucking say, huh Ror?” He threw an arm around her shoulders, pulling her forward. “Look, boom, both of them alive. Jesus, what am I doing, come here—“ Hector rushed towards you both and threw his arms around Maxi in a giant hug that rocked the two of them with its force, saying something in rapid Spanish you couldn’t catch but knew was gleeful based on his manic smile. Maxi hugged him back hard, burying his face in Hector’s shoulder for a moment and letting out a giddy giggle-snort.You thought for a moment you saw something spectral out of the corner of your eye, but it was only Rora, nearly tackling them both in a hug with the biggest actual grin you’d ever seen on her face. The two of them pulled her in to the tangle, and for a moment, they were a huddle of relieved laughter and dark hair.You stood to the side with Magnolia, grinning and content to watch the joyous family reunion, when Hector spun around and lifted you into a hug. “Look at you and your final girl bullshit, huh! Querida, mi prima nueva, que valiente--“ He planted an affectionate kiss on your cheek with a loud “mwah” before spinning you back to the others. “Our little mortal surviving the night like it’s nothing, goddamn!”Rora pulled you into a tight hug, and you were awash in her dark hair and her floral perfume before she pulled away to put her hands on your shoulders and look you in the eye. “Thank you,” she said softly, her smile still very much in place. “You stubborn, beautiful little human, thank you.” She kissed you chastely on the mouth, smiling through it, and it took you a moment as she pulled back to remember to breathe.“Okay, okay, my turn to kiss my final girl,” Maxi wrapped his arms around your shoulders from behind you, leaning down to kiss the top of your head. “Well, hmm — final human? Final… I don’t know, angel, I’ll defer to you on that,” he gave your shoulders an affectionate hug, and when you looked up a him, you were both smiling uncontrollably. “I’ll stick with Final Them,” you laughed. “Make things easy on everyone.”“Breakfast for the conquering Final Them!” Hector threw his fists in the air again before nearly tripping over Magnolia as he headed eagerly for the stairs. “Come on, you guys have to be starving, let me make you something decent, I haven’t been able to sleep for shit and I’ve already got some bread made, god knows none of us ate last night—”“Yeah, you guys are maybe gonna have to catch me up on some of that,” Maxi said, looking to Rora with a frown. “Because I definitely blacked out after the part with the enchanted fire cages and shit.”“Oh, don’t worry,” Rora said lightly, taking your arm in hers and leading you both towards the stairs. “It’s all over the news.”“What?” You and Maxi blurted in unison.-The local anchorwoman looked far too perky for the words coming out of her mouth, clearly thrilled to have something actually interesting to report for once. The four of you were watching it off Maxi’s laptop in the kitchen, where you were all only half paying attention as you were wolfing down the huevos rancheros Hector had piled in front of you, along with the bolillos he’d stress-baked during the night. Whether you were starving or just relieved to be alive, it was definitely the most delicious meal you’d had in recent memory. Maxi was next to you (now also sporting an old t-shirt, and you sweatpants), with Magnolia still sitting in his lap. Hector was helping himself to more eggs on Maxi’s right, while Rora was still stirring her cafe au lait on your left.“New Orleans Fire Department is still investigating the cause of a fire that caused multiple fatalities at a private Halloween party last night, with three confirmed dead and several missing,” the anchor beamed. ”The owner of the property is already notorious in their close-knit wealthy neighborhood for their reclusive lifestyle, and is reportedly refusing to press charges though the source of the fire has yet to be fully confirmed. Police speculate—“The footage cut away to what you realized was the burned-out shell of the courtyard from last night, the bricks coated with ash and even the fancy wrought-iron gate having warped in the heat. The whole scene was surrounded by a barrier of crime scene tape, though there didn’t seem to be too many other people there.“Jesus,” Maxi murmured, setting down his coffee and scratching Magnolia’s head. “Shit really must’ve got outta hand.”“It’s not my fault Pierre couldn’t keep his own spell in check,” Rora mumbled, crunching into another crusty roll. “They Who’s game is slippin’. Good bread, Hex,” she added, her mouth half full.“Thanks, it’s the panicked kneading,” Hector smiled dryly before his eyes wandered back to the screen, just as engrossed. Without looking, he reached over and gently batted Magnolia’s bony paw away as she reached for the bolillo basket.“Whose place was that, anyway?” you piped up, looking between the three. “It had to be someone in They Who Decide, right?”“I was wonderin’ that myself, actually. I don’t think I’d been to that one yet, was it just built or somethin’?” Maxi glanced between the other two, moving Magnolia’s paw away from his fork.“Oh, it was new alright, as much as they tried to hide it with the fake antique-y shit.” Hector rolled his eyes, taking a sip of orange juice. “You’re gonna love this, Maxi.”Maxi looked at him, perplexed, before he also rolled his eyes. “Don’t fuckin’ tell me.” He paused, looking down at the clang of Magnolia batting his fork onto the floor.“Fuckin’ Guillemettes.” Rora grumbled, dipping the rest of her roll in her cafe au lait. “They’re going to be goddamn insufferable about it at the next quorum, too—““Bitch, don’t do that to perfectly good bread, what is wrong with you?” Hector cut in, frowning at her. “That shit’s not a beignet.”Rora made eye contact with him and made a show of dunking her roll even further into her mug.“Now that’s just ruinin’ your own coffee,” Maxi said, taking a sip of his own. “Soggy crumbs’ll do that.”Magnolia chirped in agreement, now chewing on an abandoned spoon.“Okay but guys, what’s the quorum and who are the—“ You paused, your eyes suddenly riveted to the screen.The camera was still on the warped gate, but two figures had just emerged from inside, deep in conversation as they walked towards the crime scene tape. One appeared to be a cop, but the other— you’d seen him before.Like playing back a dream, you recognized him from the Masquerade. It was the pale man with the long blonde hair, the one who’d been standing off to the side without his mask as you’d walked in with the Morvants.The same gray eyes that had watched you curiously were now watching the cop with great intent, his hands shoved in the pockets of a long dark trench coat against the deep autumn chill.“Baby?” Maxi waved a hand in front of your face, and you looked around to see all three Morvants watching you with concern. You lunged forward, hitting the space bar to pause the stream on the blonde man’s face. “Do any of you recognize him?” You looked around between the group, your stomach tight for reasons you couldn’t explain.They them leaned forward as one, Maxi adjusting his glasses slightly, Rora frowning deeply, and Hex squinting just a bit in concentration.“He would’ve been late teens, early twenties last time I could’ve seen him.” Rora sat back, shaking her head. “Sorry, petal.”“Yeah, I got nothing.” Hex sat back also, batting Maggie’s paw away from the rolls again.Maxi finally sat back as well, troubled. “…No, I can’t say I do, sugar.” He frowned, looking to you. “Why?”“He was at the Masquerade last night. Off in a corner, when we got through the mirror hall.” You examined the man’s face again, noting how fair he seemed even compared to Rora. “He didn’t look like he was with anyone. I thought maybe it was his first time too. But now he’s talking to that cop,” you said, your brow furrowing. “Should we be worried?”“I mean… nah?” Hector stroked his beard absently, following your gaze back to the screen. “They Who’s had people in with the cops since the cops became a thing, at all levels. It’s kind of their job.”“They Who Decide go where power is,” Rora said calmly “It wouldn’t be unexpected for them to have an inside man on an investigation that could reveal them to the wrong person. Or people in general.”“…The fact that you said he was alone, though,” Maxi muttered, folding his arms thoughtfully. He looked back to you. “Do you remember what his mask was? If he was wearin’ any particular colors on his costume? Families usually wear somethin’ to indicate who they’re with.”“Like when Rora made you look dead,” Hector chimed in, pointedly moving the rolls away from Maggie now.“Dead and fetchin’, thank you,” Rora said, taking another sip of her coffee before making a face at the crumbs along the bottom.You thought hard about it, but the longer you tried, the more it seemed like only the man’s face was memorable. “No,” you said at last, shaking your head sheepishly. “He just… I don’t know.” You shrugged a shoulder. “He smiled at me like I saw him when I wasn’t supposed to.” You looked back to Maxi. “I thought we were just both… not supposed to be there, if that makes sense.”Maxi, Rora, and Hector exchanged a look. “Most people who come to the Masquerade are only new if they’re young and it’s their first time,” Maxi said slowly, scratching a sulking Maggie on her skull. “People who are new as adults are usually, uh. Well…“ “Married in,” Rora filled in for him. “Or very committed new additions, in your case. Though why don’t you just—” she began, turning to Maxi only for him to quickly swat her shoulder with his napkin. “I’m just sayin’—!”“Yeah, it’s not really something you bring a casual date to,” Hector added. “Or get invited to if you’re not, like, there for a reason. I mean, you can guess why,” he laughed bitterly, gesturing to you. “The Three Kings mirrors would kill the mood before you even get to the dance floor.”“I’m sure it’s okay, gorgeous,” Maxi said, reaching over to set his hand over yours. “But good lookin’ out. We’ll keep an eye on it.” He paused, glancing between Rora and Hector as Maggie hopped to the floor. “Assumin’ you two are stickin’ around for a bit?”“I thought I might jet off to my apartment in Paris, actually,” Rora joked, rolling her eyes. “Yes, I’m stayin’.”“Hell yeah, bro, things just got interesting!” Hector leaned back in his chair. “Besides, someone has to teach Querida here how to shoot, in case They Who gets testy. Unless you already know, of course,” he added quickly, lifting a hand apologetically. “Shouldn’t assume.”You choked on the sip of cafe au lait you’d dared to take. “Sorry?”“You are absolutely not goin’ to be the one to teach them to shoot.” Maxi set his mug down, staring at Hector. “You can barely get a straight shot off on the best day.”“Hey, I’ve been practicing!” Hector pouted slightly, not noticing Maggie’s tail appear in the chair nearest the rolls. “That was when we were, like, sixteen.”“No, that’s from when we were visitin’ your other cousins.“ Maxi gave Hector a pointed stare.“Oh come on, we were both on an ectoplasm reduction, that’s hardly fair---““Hold on, Maxi tried ectoplasm?” Rora leaned in to the table. You watched the three of them bicker for a moment and Maggie poke her head above the table, smiling to yourself at how comfortable Maxi seemed between his sister and his cousin now. You couldn’t remember the last time you’d seen him without something he was seeming to hold back, or that was silently preoccupying him even while the two of you were just hanging out. He was laughing with them now as much as he did when the two of you were alone.Your smile widened as you felt his hand move to your knee under the table, and the two of you exchanged a look before he hopped back into whatever it was they were arguing about.You could get used to this, you thought as you watched Maggie finally successfully grab a roll in her teeth and all three Morvants immediately trying to get her to spit it out. Being one of them, as weird as it was.…Though, above the current chaos, something else seemed to register at the edge of your attention.Was that… sobbing? Was someone crying?Before you quite realized what you were doing, as the three of them continued to try to pry the food from the skeletal cat, you’d gotten to your feet, following the distant sound through the kitchen. It was close, somehow… downstairs? Was someone hurt downstairs?You should go, you should check—“Darlin’?”You only realized you were standing at the door to the prep room when you had your hand on the knob. You stopped, turning to see Maxi, Hector and Rora all staring at you, each of them holding Maggie down on the table while she growled furiously over her roll.“I… there’s someone crying in the prep room,” you said, pointing sheepishly towards the door. It felt, suddenly, like you’d walked over here in a daze. Like you’d been drawn there more than you’d actually thought to get up of your own accord. You thought again about what you’d just said, realizing why the three of them looked suddenly very concerned. “No, but that’s… that doesn’t make sense,” you muttered, feeling heat rush to your cheeks. You let go of the doorknob, shaking your head as if to clear it. “Sorry. I don’t know, um. What that was.” You shrugged, smiling weakly. “I must be really tired.”Maxi stared at you for a beat before looking to Rora and Hector. “I didn’t have anybody down there,” he said slowly, eyeing the both of them.Maggie, forgotten, skittered off with her roll as Hector and Rora exchanged a different look. “…I might have picked someone up,” Hector said at last, looking between Maxi and you.“You brought someone here?!” Maxi stood up, looking alarmed.“They’re dead!” Hector stood up just as fast, holding his hands up as Rora also got to her feet. “They’re dead already. Of course I wouldn’t bring someone back here, Jesus.” He rubbed the back of his neck, looking sheepish. “I just. Uh.” He glanced to you guiltily. “…I promised, remember?”You stared at Hector for a moment, confused — until it clicked. Sky.“That’s Sky?” You turned, looking again at the basement door. The longer you listened, the more familiar the sobs became - of course it was Sky. How could you not have recognized Sky? How many times had you sat with her when she’d cried over boys, girls, others, bad grades, fights with her parents? Your chest suddenly ached, an even split between guilt and sadness, and you turned back to them. “Can I see her?”Hector opened his mouth and closed it, looking even more sheepish than before as he glanced helplessly at his relatives.“She’s in rough shape, petal,” Rora said quickly. “It might be better if Maxi goes and gets a look at her first.” She exchanged a look with her twin.“You don’t need to see her like that, baby,” Maxi agreed quietly. “You won’t wanna remember her that way. Trust me.” “That said?” Hector watched you with a puzzled expression. “You… shouldn’t be able to hear her, Querida.” He looked to Rora. “The Draught’s gotta be out of their system by now, right?”“It should’ve worn off by the time we got back in Parish lines.” Rora tilted her head to look at you like you were someone she’d just met. “That’s new.”“That’s very new,” Maxi agreed, his brow furrowed with worry. “But I saw the ghosts all last night,” you said, looking between the three. “When we got here, I saw the ghosts leaving their graves in the cemetery next door, and those little trails they leave on the ground—““You saw that?” Hector stepped forward, his eyebrows about to climb off his forehead. “I thought just you and I could see that,” he looked to Maxi and back to you. “What colors were they?”You frowned, confused. “None. Just white.”“That’s how I see them.” Maxi looked between you and Hector.Hector nodded. “Okay, so not full spectrum, but still.” He folded his arms, letting out a low whistle. “Weird.”Maxi was worrying his lip in his teeth. “I thought the sparks were one thing—““What sparks?” Rora whipped around to look at Maxi.“New sparks showed up earlier, on me. After... after I came to, I guess.” Maxi pulled the collar of his t-shirt aside to show them the spot that you’d seen glowing earlier on his shoulder. “Cleaned my wounds and everythin’. But they looked like they came from them.” He nodded in your direction, and you couldn’t help but note the tiniest hint of pride in his voice.“Holy shit, that’s a Mark.” Hector walked over, inspecting the spot for himself before looking to you with wide eyes. “Damn, prima, that’s some hard magic.”“That’s fuckin’ what?” Rora looked between Maxi and you, getting to her feet to inspect it for herself.You shrugged, folding your arms nervously across your chest. “I just did what he did, right?” You nodded at Maxi. “If I’m his, it makes sense that it goes both ways… right?”“Yeah, but that’s already really rare,” Hector said. “It’s not something you see on most Obsessions, much less… well.” He gestured in your direction. “From the Obsession.”Rora looked back to you, her gaze a cataloguing one. “But you’re more than that now,” she said, half to herself. “Aren’t you?”You blinked. “What do you mean?” No, seriously, what the fuck did that mean. Your gut twisting with this new information, you made your way back over to Maxi, suddenly missing his proximity. He was more than happy to receive you, tucking you under his arm and against his side protectively.“I mean… hell, honey,” she gestured at you, smiling disbelievingly. “I’ve heard of Obsessions surviving, but Obsessions and their necromancer?” She shook her head. “It just doesn’t happen. It’s not supposed to. You might well be somethin’ else, after that.” She met Maxi’s eyes, raising an eyebrow. “Somethin’ new altogether.”“Whatever that means,” Maxi said, looking exasperatedly at Rora before glancing down to you. “We’ll walk you through all this, okay?” He hugged you against the side of his ribs, leaning down to kiss your cheek.“It might not even be permanent,” Rora added, shrugging as she continued to survey you. “We’re in new territory, now.”“It’s definitely not something we need to sort out over breakfast,” Hector said, shoving his hands into the front pocket of his hoodie. He gave you his best reassuring smile, though his eyes still looked a little confused. “Don’t even worry about it. Between the three of us, you’re gonna be fine.”“Exactly,” Maxi said, giving Hector a grateful look as he ran a hand over your hair. “I’m not gonna let anything bad happen, darlin’.”“Neither will we,” Rora said, rolling her eyes at Maxi before looking back to you with a gentler expression. “We’ll just take this one step at a time.”You gave Maxi a slight squeeze in return, and the other two a small, tired smile. “Thanks.” You looked again between the three of them, feeling the fear grip your gut a little less. “I don’t know about y’all, but I’m like… really over surprises right now. Except for yours,” you added quickly, glancing back to Hector as you remembered what had got you onto this in the first place. “Thank you. For giving her back.”Hector shrugged, glancing down at his socks before back up to you. “Hey. I wasn’t about to have you come back alive and show me up.” He smiled weakly, looking somewhat embarrassed again. “…Sorry about your, uh. Your friend, though.” He nervously tossed his hair out of his eyes, though it fell right back into place.“…Yeah, we’re gonna have to work through that one a bit,” you said, trying to keep just how torn you felt off your face. This was not an apology you felt was yours to accept, as much as you appreciated Hector trying to make it. Though you hadn’t known each other long, you got the vibe that this was not at all a common thing.Hector nodded with a wince himself. “Yeah. Fair. I figured.”You looked from him to Maxi. “What do we, um. Tell people. About how we found her?” You glanced around to include the other two. “I’m assuming we don’t involve the cops.”“We absolutely do not tell the cops, yes,” Rora said, with Hector nodding quickly behind her.“Ideally,” Maxi said, fiddling thoughtfully with your hair. “We say the cops have already been involved - someone found her, they got her, they discharged her to me because the morgue was full. Which is usually true anyway.” He shrugged. “I’m just hangin’ onto her until someone can claim her.”“And I just happen to be here all the time,” you said quietly, picking up the thread.Maxi gave you a sad smile. “In an unfortunate ‘small town’ type moment, yeah.” He wrapped his arm tightly around your shoulders. “Sorry, gorgeous.”You nodded, giving him a resigned shrug. “I mean, it is what it is.” You frowned, thinking. “What about paperwork, case stuff, if her folks ask for it?”“Cops suck at handing over requested files.” Hector said, still looking somewhat awkward. “And they lose it all the time, too.”“And murders are hardly ever solved after the first few days,” Rora said a little too casually, shaking her head. “Especially around here. We just don’t have the infrastructure.”You bit your lip, feeling a bit like a traitor with this next question. “And there’s no way it’ll come back to you and get you caught?” you murmured, looking to Hector. “Or you?” you glanced up at Maxi. “You guys are all safe?”“Oh, absolutely, I’m totally fine,” Hector waved a hand dismissively - then paused, looking slightly guilty about handwaving this. Maxi shook his head. “There’s nothin’ to implicate me unless people really start diggin’ - and with the state of things around here,” he said, briefly glancing over at the laptop where the stream was still paused. “They have better things to be diggin’ into. Trust me.”You followed his gaze, feeling yourself worry your lip with your teeth again. “…I do,” you said at last, giving him as much of a smile as you could manage.So you’d definitely just helped plan the cover-up of the murder of one of your closest friends, after your possessed boyfriend tried to kill you in a graveyard, and now you were demonstrating certain abilities previously only known to necromancers.This was maybe going to take more getting used to than you’d expected.“Hey.” Maxi leaned down, kissing your temple and bringing you back to earth. “We don’t have to figure it all out right now.” When he smiled at you, it was still somewhat melancholy… but more than anything, relieved. “We’ve got time.”You found yourself smiling back. “Yeah,” you said, leaning into his side again and enjoying the reassuring solidness of him. “We really do now, huh?”“I, for one,” Rora sighed, stretching slightly. “Am plannin’ on being useless in the living room for a while.”“Yeah, sounds good,” Hector nodded, stifling a yawn as best he could.“I should probably also sit down,” Maxi agreed, rubbing where you’d elbowed him last night with the slightest wince. “I got my ass handed to me, after all,” he added, winking at you.“Oh shit, yeah!” Hector blinked at you both as you all migrated to the living room, suddenly awake again. “How’d that end up going? What’d you do, anyway?” He looked to you, especially curious.You and Maxi both went to answer — and then paused, exchanging a look as exactly what happened last night seemed to occur to both of you. In very, very vivid detail.“Uh.” You felt heat rush to your face as you watched Rora curl herself into the armchair and Hector flop down on a sofa, both of them watching you with great interest. “A few different things.” You shrugged helplessly. “We, um. We fought for a bit,” you said, nodding to Maxi. “And then after that we went with something more… ritualistic?” You glanced to him, looking for help.Maxi only covered his laugh with a cough, pulling you down next to him on the couch where the two of you usually hung out. “Point is, it worked,” he said to Hector as you happily tucked yourself under his arm, grateful to rest your head on his chest. You hadn’t realized how tired you were until just now, now that he was safe again with you. The four of you sat in a comfortable exhausted silence, Maxi toying with your hair as you tried not to immediately doze off on top of him. “…What happened to Dad?” he broke the silence after a few minutes, looking to Rora. “I don’t remember anythin’ after him puttin’ me in a frenzy state.”Rora shook her head from where she had it resting on the arm of the chair. “Final Them over there fucked up his face and neck real good, and then we got the hell out of there.”Maxi looked down at you, wide-eyed. “You what?”You looked up at him, shrugging a shoulder. “He wouldn’t stop talking shit about y’all,” you mumbled, not feeling like defending yourself just now. “So I shut him up.”Maxi gazed at you for a moment before leaning down, pressing a soft kiss to your forehead. “God, I love you.” He looked back to Rora and Hector, who were both making joking faces of disgust. “What— oh, hush, both of you — what we do about him?” He looked between them both, frowning. “Do we just… wait? For him to come back?”“Do you think he will?” Hector raised an eyebrow, already looking somewhat sleepy where he was sprawled across the cushions. “It’s Daddy.” Rora said, a touch of bitterness to her as she seemed to gaze at something none of you could see. “If he’s breathin’, he’ll try to come back for what he thinks is his. Especially if he finds out about you two,” she added, her gaze fixing on you now. “If he knows you beat it,” she said slowly, and your heart seized, as if afraid she’d jinx it. “And Hector and I don’t have the title yet, he might try to put himself back in the running.”“…So I guess we better get on it, huh.” Hector said, meeting Rora’s eye somewhat hesitantly.A silence hung in the room over all of you, this one far less restful than the last. You felt Maxi’s arm tighten slightly around your waist as Rora and Hector seemed, for the briefest of moments, to be subtly sizing each other up.“…Hi, resident non-necromancer here,” you said, raising a hand from where you lay on Maxi’s chest. “Can we maybe just call for a moratorium on this part for today? Please?” Your hand flopped back down, and you looked up at Maxi. “I don’t know about you, babe,” you said quietly. “But I’m pretty tapped out on the Ritual right now.”“I’ll second that,” Maxi looked from you to the other two. “That okay with you two?”“Claro, man, whatever.” Hector yawned, pulling his hoodie over his eyes and leaning across the sofa. “Wake me if Maggie tries to eat what we left on the table.”“She can’t even eat,” Rora sighed, pulling a throw pillow under her head. “It’s all just gonna fall from her teeth through her ribs, I don’t know why she’s so fixated on it to begin with.”“She just wants to feel included, that’s all,” Maxi said, his legs sprawling around you lazily as you both stretched out on the couch.You listened to them debate this, underscored by Maxi’s heartbeat thrumming steadily under your ear as you felt your eyes slip closed.You weren’t sure when exactly they’d stopped talking, but when you opened them again, they were all snoozing quietly around you in their respective chairs.You took a moment to take them in: Rora curled in a ball, her eyes closed like a porcelain doll’s, Hector sleeping hard with half his face hidden horizontally by his cotton hood. Sitting up as best you could in his strong grip around your waist, you saw Maxi asleep with his glasses askew, dead to the world.After taking a moment to pluck them off his face and set them gently on the table, you laid your head back down, letting yourself drift off again as you nuzzled your face into the fabric of his t-shirt.The dark welcomed you back like you were always meant to be there, and as you felt Maxi hug you closer in his sleep, you knew it was true.
    Chapter Text
    Six weeks later, Maxi looked perhaps the most nervous you’d seen him yet.The two of you were sitting in the front seat of the hearse, parked outside of the little diner that you thought might prove the most casual setting for today’s rendezvous. You’d been trying to set the tone of a light hangout for everyone involved, but Maxi - despite his cheerful ugly holiday sweater adorned in coffins and skulls - still looked at the glass door outside the windshield like he was about to face a firing squad.“Babe,” you said quietly, putting a hand on his arm. “We really don’t have to do this, if you don’t want to.”“No,” Maxi said quickly, shaking his head. “I want to. I do actually, legitimately want to. Very much.” He didn’t quite look at you, nervously drumming the fingers of his left hand on the steering wheel.“…Well, then it would probably help if we went inside,” you said slowly, tilting your head to try to meet his eyes. “Right?”“…Probably, yeah,” he agreed with a nod, still not quite looking at you. “…In a minute or so. We’re still early.” He glanced at his watch, as if suddenly doubting this fact when he was the one who’d been ready and waiting by the door when you were still picking out your shoes.“Maxi.” You scooted closer to his side across the bench seat, nudging his thigh with yours. “It’s not like we’re going to another Masquerade.”At this, you saw just the faintest hint of a smile. “No, I guess not.”“Or having to face off with your Dad, or Pierre,” you added, nudging him gently with your elbow now. “Right?”“Right.”“Or having to square off against each other in the cemetery again, right?” You kissed his temple.“Things can be frightenin’ when they don’t involve harrowin’ death magic, you know,” he blurted at last, turning to look at you - though his usual crooked smile was back in place.You blinked. “‘Frightening’?” You looked between him and the diner window, trying to suppress a giggle. “You’re frightened of my friends?”“I don’t know! Maybe!” Maxi ran his hand over his hair, exasperated and starting to worry it out of its carefully pushed-back style. “I just—“ He stopped, his fingers drumming anxiously again. “Baby,” you crooned, taking his hand gently in your own. “They’ll love you. I promise they’ll love you.” You kissed his knuckles, keeping a watchful eye on that anxious frown of his. “I love you, so they’re contractually obligated to love you. It’s in our By-Laws and everything.”Maxi rolled his eyes at you as you at last caved and giggled. “You’re hilarious,” he said dryly, but he did at least squeeze your hand back. “…I don’t know.” He finally exhaled. “All that matters, in the long run, is how you feel,” he said slowly. “I know that. I definitely know that.” He looked towards the diner window, worrying his lip again. “…But I just want them to like me. For you.” He looked back to you, eyes wide and a bit exasperated with himself. “I know that’s maybe ridiculous, but I want them to think I’m a good choice for you. …I want them to be happy for you. About me.” With a sigh, he lowered his forehead to the steering wheel. “Which is a completely normal and achievable thing to want when you meet your Final’s friends for the first time,” he mumbled, sounding a bit defeated.You chuckled, tugging him back up to face you. “Maxi, come on.” You tilted your head until he met your eyes, still looking a bit nervous. “I’ve been over the moon about you for ages.” You gave his shoulders a fond squeeze. “They all already know what you mean to me. I used to rehash every date for them on a group call the day after and agonize about just how much I liked you.”Maxi blinked. “Wait, you did?”“Oh, absolutely. Well, I mean,” you added quickly, seeing his cheeks start to color. “Within reason. Obviously. Some parts I was too selfish to share.” You smirked at him, and he couldn’t help but return it at least fractionally. “But they know you’re my person.” You reached over to take his hand in yours again, keeping your eyes on his. “They know firsthand I’ve never been happier with anyone else.” You squeezed his hand to emphasize this.Maxi blinked again, his smile now shy. “Oh yeah?”“Yeah,” you grinned. “Like. They know I’m disgustingly in love with you. They know I’m about to walk in there with my favorite boy ever, and if they don’t pay proper homage, I’m cutting them all out of my will. All fifty dollars in my bank account, they can kiss that shit goodbye.”Maxi at last laughed, and your heart warmed at the familiar sound. “Well, with such high stakes on my side,” he grinned, but it softened into something else as he reached up to affectionately move some of your hair away from your eyes. “It was really sweet of you to set this up, you know.” He tilted his head, his eyes taking you in. “Especially after… everythin’.”“It all worked out, really. We needed to see each other again, after Sky…” you trailed off. Sky’s service had been relatively soon after Hector brought her home, in her hometown a state away — which was bitterly ironic, after all the time she’d spent trying to escape it. Maxi had been a perfect gentleman as always, restoring the body himself once her family had been contacted and paying for the both of you to fly to accompany it home to them. Laurie, Em, and Pavi had all been in attendance, but you’d asked them to come spend some time with the two of you in your little Greymoon, so they could meet Maxi properly when you hadn’t all just been in tears for hours and he wasn’t in hyper-efficient Funeral Director mode. You wanted them to see him like you saw him, crooked smile and death-related dad jokes and all.…Or at least. How he was in the daylight, anyway.The flash of red eyes in moonlight would only ever be yours.“And anyway,” you said quietly, draping your arms over his shoulders in a hug. “It only feels fair that they should meet you at least one time that isn’t a funeral. Or… something else formal,” you shrugged, trying very pointedly to be casual.Maxi paused, raising an eyebrow behind his glasses as he hugged your waist in turn. “Did you have somethin’ formal in mind, gorgeous?”“I don’t know, really.” You had to break his gaze, heat threatening in the capillaries of your cheeks. “I mean… just in case. Maybe seems like a good idea that they should get to know you first.”“‘First’ implyin’ there’s somethin’ else to come.” Maxi was fighting a grin and losing. “Which would be…?”You bit your lip. “…Maybe you want to officially add my name to your Advance Directive, or something.” Maxi’s nose bumped your cheek, and you could feel him smiling as he kissed the corner of your mouth. “Or someone’s re-thinkin’ their very well-considered stance on totally rejectin’ a particular celebratory industry?”“It’s antiquated system that specifically historically favors a patriarchal and racist arrangement of finances and property, not to mention how it didn’t fairly acknowledge the relationships of queer people for ages and in many cases still doesn’t for disabled people,” you pointed out, but didn’t resist as he kissed lightly down your jaw. “I know,” Maxi nodded against your neck, and you felt yourself smile. “And I agreed with you when you told me that to begin with.”“I know you did,” you said, your fingers passing lightly over his hair so as not to mess it up but still craving contact. “And you were very sweet and understanding about it.”“So what changed?” Maxi asked, sitting up and pushing his glasses back into place (your heart fluttering a little when you saw how they’d been lightly fogged in his attentions).You fiddled with the deathshead necklace you were wearing as always, today over your own coordinating spooky ugly sweater. “…Maybe I want to be on all your paperwork and shit.” you said quietly. You’d taken to joining Maxi in his office in the basement sometimes when you were working, glancing up every so often to watch him work on paperwork for the decedent’s families - the official roles people had to play for each other when someone died, who was called in to serve in what ways, and the responsibility that entailed. You shrugged again, trying to play down your own feelings to something less intense. “Maybe I want to be your default emergency contact, and your healthcare proxy, and your designated funeral agent, and everything that comes with that. Because I love you more than anything. And I want to be there for you in every capacity you could possibly need me for.” You kept your eyes everywhere else as you felt him watching you, heat flooding your face as your own feelings threatened to overwhelm you. “And Rora’s technically dead on paper, so it’s not like she can do it, and you know I adore Hex, but if they put him in charge of anything to do with you I’d lose my entire mind because it just wouldn’t feel right, and—“You were brought back out of your mini-spiral by Maxi quietly cooing your name, his cool fingertips gently angling your face to meet his eyes. He was positively beaming, brown eyes bright as he looked at you adoringly. “Darlin’,” he said softly. “You don’t have to break your rule to be any of that. There’s no one else I’d rather have lookin’ after me, should the need arise.” He leaned forward, kissing the tip of your nose and making you smile despite yourself. “I don’t want you doin’ anything because you feel obligated,” he added, his expression serious again. “If you don’t want to get…” he paused, and you could see him almost bite his own tongue at the word. “We can find ways around all that, I do it for people all the time.” He waved a hand, but the flippancy still didn’t quite reach his eyes. He hesitated himself, grazing his lip with his teeth for a moment before he continued. “…I don’t want you do to do anythin’ that doesn’t feel like a choice. A real one.” His voice was fully somber as he shook his head slightly. “I won’t have you do anythin’ like that unless I know it’s somethin’ you really, genuinely want. I love you too much for that.”Your smile widened, and you rested your forehead against his. “I know,” you said softly. “…But maybe I think it’d be nice if I took your name with mine. For the tombstone and all.”“I thought we were thinkin’ cremation,” Maxi said, but you could see the way he was fighting against an eager grin, his eyes positively sparkling at the idea. “They charge by the letter for gravemarkers, y’know.”“So we’ll skip a headstone,” you shrugged. “Save our joint last name for, I don’t know… the urn, maybe…” You trailed off, leaning into the kiss that was very definitely about to happen between you—Only for the two of you to look around, supremely irritated, at the sudden loud knock on Maxi’s driver’s side window.Hector stood there in his usual hoodie, squinting against the dark tint of the windows with a hand shielding his eyes against the cold white December sun. “Hey Maxi? You guys in there?”“Swear to god…” Maxi huffed, even as you burst into quiet giggles. He rolled down the window, staring at his cousin. “Can I help you, Hex?”“Sorry, man, did I interrupt?” Hector blinked, leaning slightly around him to see you still giggling at the ridiculousness of the situation. “Hey, prima.” He paused, looking between you two and the diner window. “Super public place to get weird, but I respect it.”“For the love of— Nothin’ was happenin’,” Maxi said, both annoyed and slightly flustered, his cheeks turning a soft shade of pink. “We were just talkin’ about—“ He cut himself off to look back at you with wide, uncertain eyes. Was this something you were telling people? Or not telling people? Or maybe not telling Hector right at this very moment?”“We only get it on in the Hearse at moonlit backroads and especially moving Whataburger parking lots,” you deadpanned, leaning around Maxi to look at Hector. “You’re good. What’s up?”Hector rolled his eyes as Maxi bit the inside of his cheek to muffle a laugh. Since you’d started spending even more time at the Mortuary post-Halloween, you and Maxi had started an unspoken competition to see who could get the other person to crack up more often in front of Hector and Rora. You were leading, currently, but Maxi had been threatening to steal the bragging rights back all week, so you had to defend your own honor… much to Hector and Rora’s mild irritation but grudging acceptance.“That’s specific, but whatever,” Hector suppressed a small smile of his own. “I just wanted to see if you guys had done the brunch thing with your school friends yet, if y’all were free.” He shrugged, trying to look nonchalant, but you could see the tiniest light of hope in his warm black eyes.“No, sorry dude,” you said, wincing. “We’re actually just about to go in for it. You wanna come with? I’m sure the girls won’t mind another family introduction…” you cut yourself off, your eyes moving between the diner window and your kind-of sort-of cousin-in-law. You were speaking out of hesitation not because your squad wouldn’t like Hector — but rather, actually, they’d all like him a bit too much, as charming as he was. And, as chill as the two of you were now, you maybe weren’t totally comfortable with the idea of him hanging around them so soon after he’d been the literal cause of Sky’s funeral, which everyone was maybe still a bit rocked by in your different ways.“Nah, it’s cool,” Hector shoved his hands in his hoodie pockets. “I guess I’ll go bum around the historical side of town, see what all’s fallen over that I can shoot in dramatic lighting. There was this freestanding wall of bricks in the old general store that was looking pretty crumbly last time,” he added with a smile.“Where’s Rora? I thought y’all were gonna go bother people at the thrift store or the farmer’s market or somethin’,” Maxi looked over Hector’s shoulder, frowning in slight concern at his twin’s mysterious absence.“She wanted to go collect mistletoe.” Hector rolled his eyes, his mouth setting subconsciously into a slight grumpy pout. “Insisted it had to be fresh for whatever she needs it for. I didn’t want to get stuck holding poisonous plants for a couple hours in the cold, so I drove down by myself.”“Oh, damn. Sorry, bud.” Maxi rubbed the back of his neck, and you could tell he felt a little bad as well. “Well, if you’re sure you don’t wanna come with us, I’m sure we’ll see you back at the House later—”Your attention was suddenly distracted from the conversation for a moment by something buzzing in your bag. The three of you fell silent, and you could feel the men watching curiously as you dug through your usual accoutrements to pull out the source of the noise: a black plastic burner phone. You unlocked it as quick as your fingers could manage, looking at the notification with eyes that steadily widened before you turned, showing it to Maxi.Maxi took it from you gently, adjusting his glasses to look at the screen… and letting out a long, slow whistle. “Change of plans, actually,” he said, looking from you back to Hex. “Looks like we’re gonna be tied up tonight. Sorry,” he added again, giving Hector an apologetic smile. “But you know how it is.”“Nah, it’s cool,” Hector waved a hand, already seeming distracted by the camera he kept strapped around his neck. “Is this that thing you’ve been working on the past couple weeks?” he asked, not looking up as he was checking his settings.“It’s my application for the Funeral Directors’ Association Regional Orgy,” Maxi said casually, causing you to cover your mouth as you fought back a laugh now yourself. “I finally got approved, tonight’s our probationary period.”“Chinga, I hate you both,” Hector said, rolling his eyes again but still smirking affectionately. “Go be gross and in love in front of all of F.T.’s friends and shit, make them deal with you for a while.”You smiled at Hector’s newly bestowed nickname, an abbreviation of your joking status as ‘Final Them.’ He’d subbed it out for his previous ‘Querida’ since you’d basically moved in, considering the two of you now felt more like family than anything else.“You sure you’re gonna be cool?” Maxi asked, getting out of the Hearse and shutting the door behind him as you did the same on the other side. “Please, I can kill an afternoon by myself, no sweat.” Hector waved a hand dismissively. “You go be the center of the gossip for a few hours, it’ll be good for you.” He gave Maxi a friendly nudge to the ribs and a vulpine smile. “Talk me up in case any of them decide they wanna come down for Mardi Gras, yeah?”“Hush, you.” You’d walked around to Maxi’s side of the Hearse, reaching up to give Hector a quick hug while carefully avoiding bumping into his camera. “No scheming on my friends; one of them’s married and one of them doesn’t even like dudes, anyway.”“Hey, so that means the third one’s fair game,” Hector teased, winking at you before giving you a small peck on the cheek. “You crazy kids have fun, don’t go too hard on the mimosas.”“Bye, Hex.” Maxi rolled his eyes, but gave Hector a soft punch to the shoulder before he walked off. He left the two of you standing in front of the diner, Maxi’s smile fading as his lips pressed themselves together again in a nervous line.“Hey.” You took his hand in yours, giving it a soft tug so he looked down at you. “We’re already both showing up in spooky ugly sweaters.” You gestured to your own with your free hand, replete with ghosts and black cats on a background of your favorite color. “The first impression is pretty much sealed at this point, wouldn’t you say?” Rather than the reassurance you’d intended, Maxi looked nervously down at his sweater as if re-evaluating it. “You sure I shouldn’t just leave this in the car?“ he muttered just low enough for you to hear. He was wearing one of his usual dress shirts underneath, of course, but when the two of you had gotten dressed this morning, the ugly sweaters had been his idea to begin with. You couldn’t have your morbid sweetheart getting cold feet.“Absolutely not. We’re committed to the bit.” He gazed at you apprehensively until you gave him a wink. “I want them to know I finally found someone who’s exactly my type.”The corner of his mouth twitched up into a small crooked smile. “Well. When you put it that way.”“I do.” You lifted his hand, kissing the back of it just to watch his cheeks color further at the specific phrasing you chose. “Come on, babe, let me go show you off properly.”Pulling him gently by the hand, you almost beat him to the door, only for him to slide around you and insistently open it for you as was his custom. You rolled your eyes but were unable to repress a smile, taking his hand again as the two of you wandered inside.Laurie’s hair, now a deep mossy green, acted as a beacon at a table in the back corner, and immediately you saw three sets of eyes there look around to find the both of you. Em waved, both to welcome you and to quickly disperse her vape smoke as she shoved it back into her bag. Pavi beamed, her bracelets jingling on her delicate wrist as she waved as well. Laurie gave you both a warm smile, but you didn’t miss the way her sharp eyes quickly gave Maxi a once-over. You were unconcerned - she would’ve done that with anyone any of you brought to meet the group. She stood with the other two as you made your way over, hugging you tightly and kissing your cheek as she always did when you reached her. “Hi, sweetie.”“Hi, babe.” You hugged her tightly before hugging Pavi in turn and then fistbumping Em, who wasn’t much for hugs. You stepped aside, gesturing to Maxi who was standing behind you. “You guys remember Maxi.”“Yeah! Hey, man.” Em gave him a nod and as smile. “Thanks for helping out at Sky’s…” The smile faltered for a moment as she reached the word - the one you’d noticed lots of people having trouble with, to be honest. You weren’t sure if it was being so enmeshed in the Mortuary that had taken the sting out of it, or the fact that you had known the truth about what happened to Sky ages earlier than your friends. There could easily be part of them that was still left reeling where you, unfortunately, had your feet on all-too-solid ground.“It was so sweet of you to help take care of her,” Pavi said, her dark eyes genuine as she gave him a sad smile. “We really appreciate that. And, of course, being there for them when we couldn’t,” she added in a softer tone, nodding at you.You returned her smile, your own a bit bittersweet. “Yeah, um. He was really great. I don’t know what I would’ve done without him,” you agreed quietly, squeezing Maxi’s hand again.It hurt, sometimes, to know you could never tell your friends everything. To explain just how much Maxi was willing to put on the line, how Sky had just been in the wrong place at the wrong time, and how many layers were at play in all of this.Maxi just squeezed your hand in turn before giving Pavi a sweet, shy smile. “It was nothin’, really. I know what that can be like, to lose someone suddenly.” He glanced at you out of the corner of his eye, his smile turning briefly melancholy. “I wasn’t about to let them go through that alone.”“Nevertheless,” Laurie stepped between Pavi and Em and extended a hand to Maxi. “We appreciate you looking out for our friends, in multiple senses. We were really lucky to have you around.”Maxi beamed, happily taking her hand — but as he did so, you swore you could see something pass between them as her light eyes met his brown ones. Laurie looked at Maxi for a second with an unexpectedly dissecting clarity, her hand more holding his still than shaking it. In the face of such direct searching, you saw Maxi blink before seeming to search her right back, his hand deathly still around Laurie’s.…Then, as if you blinked, it was gone, and it was two of the people you loved most in the world in the same room.“I’m glad we get to sit down and really talk,” Laurie said, smiling as though that hadn’t just… happened. “We’ve all been dying to meet you — this one’s told us all sorts of things.” She winked at you in her typical sisterly fashion before gesturing to the table. Em and Pavi resumed their seats as well, Em still watching Maxi with an entertained smirk, Pavi at least pretending to look at the menu while she herself was subtly taking him in.“Yeah, they might’ve mentioned that on the ride over.” Maxi’s smile was sheepish again as he sat next to you, briefly passing a hand through his hair. “I can only imagine. They’ve told me a lot about y’all too, of course,” he said, brightening.You were looking back and forth between Maxi and Laurie as subtly as you could - did you imagine that? Was it just some sort of glitch in your already kind of nervous brain? Were you projecting worse case scenarios where none existed? You glanced to Em and Pavi, who didn’t seem to have noticed anything weird themselves. You forced yourself to relax — you were probably just still jumpy and paranoid after everything that had happened at Halloween.You were pulled back in as you realized Maxi was saying your name, his hand resting lightly on your thigh under the table. “—Told me you had a background in journalism,” he said, nodding to Laurie. “That sounds fascinatin’.”“I was an investigative journalist for a number of years, yes,” she nodded, used to giving this spiel. “But then I got married and had my daughter—““The obstetrician, right?” Maxi asked, glancing briefly from Laurie to you as he tried to remember. “Or at least, she started practicin’ recently?”“Yes,” Laurie smiled, and for a moment she glowed with pride. “Going on her fifth year now. I’ve gotten back in the game a bit, freelancing for a few different mastheads now that we’ve all graduated from the Masters program where we met,” she said, spreading her hands in a sort of shrug. “But nowadays I’m more prone to jumping down my own rabbit holes than anything else.”“And what kind of rabbit holes are those?” Maxi smiled with genuine interest.“Oh, dude—“ Em cut in with a grin, but paused as Laurie gently set a hand on her arm. “My current one’s probably a bit much, this close to eating,” Laurie said, smiling still even as she wrinkled her nose conspiratorially. “…But then again,” she added, tilting her head at Maxi. “Maybe not for you, huh?”Maxi laughed, but you noticed it was slightly more restrained than his usual laugh with you. “I mean,” he shrugged good-naturedly. “I’ve gotten used to a lot, in my line of work. You’d be surprised what stops grossin’ you out after a decade or so.” He gave you an affectionate, apologetic smile. “Gorgeous here has probably gotten the worst of that, when I forget myself at dinner.”You saw Pavi and Em exchange a brief approving glance at the pet name. “I doubt that,” Em said, smiling wryly at you. “They were into all sorts of weird shit before you got them, trust us.”“You say that like we weren’t all watching the same gory bullshit together every weekend,” you shot back, flicking Em’s hand playfully where it rested on the table.“True, we do love our spookies,” Em agreed, with another pointed glance from you to Maxi and back again. She nudged Pavi sitting next to her. “We almost converted Pavi, too.”“All I ever wanted was to watch something sweet and kind of sappy,” Pavi shook her head, looking to Maxi in faux despair. “And instead I kept getting outvoted to watch the new Paranormal Activity or whatever.”“See, I’m torn,” Maxi admitted. “Because I also love some gory bullshit, but I do love a good romantic drama every now and then.”“Okay, settle something,” Pavi leaned towards him across the table, her eyes suddenly deathly serious in a way that caused Maxi to blink. “What’s your opinion on Moulin Rouge?”Maxi’s free hand flew to his heart with equal deadly seriousness. “I cry every time.”Pavi clapped her hands before gesturing emphatically at Maxi to Em. “I told you there were dudes who liked Moulin Rouge.”“Well, we knew he had taste,” Em said, tilting her chin cheekily in your direction. “But that doesn’t mean it’s a common thing, Pav, he’s clearly an outlier—“You smiled at the familiar playful argument, with Pavi now lobbing a volley of sappy movie titles at Maxi just to prove her point to Em. Briefly, though, your eyes wandered to Laurie, realizing she hadn’t spoken in a bit.Laurie was listening to all of this with a placid smile, nodding along at just the right bits, but the way she was watching Maxi so closely definitely gave you pause. She had always been the closest thing you’d had to an older sister — and maybe, after the year you’d had right before your move to Greymoon, you could understand her being a little protective. But she knew just how deeply you cared for Maxi, and how much he cared for you, so the intensity of her scrutiny perplexed you. Had you maybe gone on about him too much? Did she think it was sudden, how the two of you had clicked so well so soon after your move?Laurie must have noticed you watching her, because the force of her eyes was suddenly on you. You blinked, feeling somehow held at once under a microscope and at arm’s length in the keen gaze of one of your closest friends. You tilted your head, trying to read her face like you’d done in thousands of conversations held entirely through shared glances — what was wrong? What had her watching you both so closely? Was it something you’d said?After a moment, Laurie smiled at you again, and it was like she’d been her usual self - one of your best friends and your oldest confidants, someone who’d seen you through the hardest time in your life - the whole time. You tried not to let your whiplash rule your face as she picked up a menu, glancing at it briefly before looking between you and Maxi again. “I don’t know about you guys, but I’m starving — what do you recommend?”-Hex hated to admit it, he really did. But he was starting to feel the familiar skull-crawling itch of boredom as he’d wandered around historic Old Greymoon that afternoon.Nothing good ever came from the itch. He knew that.But what else was he supposed to do, with F.T. introducing Maxi to all their girlfriends and Rora deciding she’d rather spend the day climbing up and down trees to get yet another dangerous plant? He wasn’t about to stay at the Mortuary by himself if he didn’t have to; not with Tia Mathilde wandering and wailing at random, and the people in the attic that kept whispering for him to come upstairs for reasons that made his skin crawl. Not to mention that thing that had tried to walk out of the basement the day he’d first come back, and the girl who used to live in Rora’s body still screaming if you knew where to listen…Also, Maggie refused to not sit on his chest or his stomach if he wanted to lay around and play video games, and it was really starting to tank his PvP scores when he couldn’t see around her bony-ass head. She was a needy little pest, but she also knew she was too cute for him to be mad at her for long, dammit.There was nothing of interest in the abandoned buildings on the far side of town. He’d expected that already — it was too close to the winter solstice, still, for things to be active again. The Veil, in its mysterious ways, tended to push for closures and resolutions at this time of year. More spirits would be crossing over than lingering, and if they were lingering, it definitely wouldn’t be in one of the many quaint little brick ruins on the old main street.The stupid brick wall hadn’t even toppled over, and he couldn’t help the slightest pout when he finally reached it, trying to kill time by circling all his usual haunts in the abandoned parts of town. Of all the bullshit to keep standing in this rickety fucking backwater. The nerve.He wound up driving his dad’s old mustang back towards the cemetery near the House, killing even more time by taking the longer, windier backroads through town just to feel like he was doing something worth getting out for. It wasn’t like the cemetery was really going to be any more interesting than the older parts of Greymoon; he’d literally grown up wandering between the tombs with Maxi and Rora, and unless the town had done some serious expansion in the last couple decades, he was sure he’d end up just re-discovering all their old familiar landmarks.But maybe it wouldn’t be so bad, he figured. He could even take a few photos of the now-weatherbeaten places they’d used to play, then see if he could find some of his old photos from grade school for one of those cheesy time-lapse things. There had to be a gallery around Louisiana that’d be into that. He was already turning titles over in his head as he drove: “The Dead Untended,” “Our Dearly Forgotten,” or maybe just “Dust to Dust.” Curators around here loved old schlocky references like that.It was only after he’d parked in front of the rusty cemetery gate that he realized someone was already there.Hex had to look twice to see him, to be honest. For a moment, he was almost sure he was imagining someone there to begin with. It wasn’t a ghost — the longer he focused on the man, the more solid he seemed to look. All six feet of him, looming in a trench coat of unremarkable grey against the December chill. He was definitely someone on this plane.What puzzled Hex was that there was no spectral imprint surrounding this man whatsoever. Hex was used to seeing people first as bright bursts of color: the steadfast aorta red that surrounded Maxi, the soft vine-y green that enmeshed Rora at all times, and his own particular purple that he’d come to think of as home. Sure, people who’d been touched by They Who Provide tended to burn a little brighter - you always had to know who you were standing in a room with - but even F.T. had a color all their own, and now their mark glowed like a bloom of embers on Maxi’s shoulder, whereas his mark was like a furious firework on their wrist. He’d seen people with a weak aura, when they’d become trapped in their own bullshit, and he’d seen people with very light colors, but he’d never seen anyone with no color at all.If anything, the longer he watched this dude, the more his lack of color seemed to actively push away the washed out, pearlescent hazes of surrounding ghosts - the ones who hadn’t found their resolution yet, and would likely be trapped here for at least another year’s cycle. Something about that active repulsion - that resistance to the cycle of life and death around him, refusing to commune with it even passively - made his stomach squirm for reasons he couldn’t name.We are never alone in this life, he remembered his mother’s words from a gentler time. No one is ever gone, because we can always feel what the people we love have left behind. I will always find my way back to you, just like you will always find your way back to me, even when we have to exist on different sides of the Veil.If this guy really had no color at all, Hector wondered, did that mean he could never feel the web of those who’d gone before? Was he just totally cut off from the living and dead?Sure, something was super wrong with the guy if that was the case, but also, how fucking lonely that must be. As much as he resented hearing and seeing on both sides of the Veil sometimes, the idea of being so separate from it all that it couldn’t touch him, even a little, made Hex want to dry heave from a strange sort of claustrophobia. The guy didn’t even look like he was visiting anyone, which was even weirder. While he might not be around it as much as his cousin, Hector knew what mourning looked like. There was no slope in this guy’s shoulders, no particular hang to his head as though his frown was trying to drag him into the ground. Hell, the guy was pale enough to be dead himself, even compared to Rora. But he didn’t even look like a tombstone tourist, some weirdo like his now-adopted cousin who wandered through places like this finding comfort in the intricacies of worn stone and carved dates. He was just looking around as though he were browsing the bookstore in the Louis Armstrong airport, shoulder-length blonde hair falling over the turned-up collar of his coat as he swiveled his head this way and that—Wait.Hex sat forward in the driver’s seat, squinting like his life depended on it. He’d seen that guy — hadn’t he seen that guy? Sure he had, he remembered faces, it was part of his job — but fucking where? It was almost like the longer he tried to study this stranger, the quicker he felt like he’d forget him if he stopped to look away.He did his best not to blink, instead trying to remember other faces he’d seen when he first saw this guy’s. Maybe if he could pair him with someone else, he’d remember the context…Of all people, his brain landed on F.T., their expression a sour pucker of worry. Abruptly, his mouth filled with the taste of cafe con leche as he watched them gesture to Maxi’s laptop at the kitchen table. “Do any of you recognize him?”The guy from the news. The guy from the Masquerade?As if he’d heard Hector audibly connect these dots, the man suddenly turned, facing the mustang dead on. His chin was sharp, with a light scruff of beard, and a slightly crooked nose that looked like it had been broken at least once. But the eyes felt like something otherworldly, something that saw too much, with a gray gaze that felt like ice down the back of Hector’s shirt. Instead of straightening up to face the stranger down, Hector felt himself, of all things, shiver hard and look away.Dude, what? His mind was screaming at him even before he’d looked all the way down at his dusty canvas sneakers near the pedals. Why was he doing this? What the fuck? He hadn’t purposefully looked away from anyone who stared him down since he was like, thirteen, back when he was still trying to hide his puberty acne behind a curtain of hair. Who the hell was this total fucking rando, more or less in the cemetery of his childhood, to make him look away like some wimpy little mortal?Bristling and his face searing with heat he was grateful no one could see, Hex forced himself to open the car door and get out, about to ask this dude what the fuck he was doing here, exactly —But when he straightened up, the man in grey was gone.Not like ‘turned around and walked away’ gone. Not even like ‘maybe theatrically ducked behind a gravestone for a cool exit’ gone.Just… gone. Like he’d never existed to begin with. Like he’d only been an inexplicable mirage in the mid-December cold, the shadows of the mausoleums growing longer on the ground by the minute.Hector threw the car door closed, loping through the gate (and ignoring the way his ears popped when he did so) to the spot where he swore he’d just seen the man standing. But there weren’t so much as imprints on the grass and grave dirt from the guy’s boots. Nothing tangible to indicate anyone alive had been here at all.“Mierda.” Hector scuffed the toe of his sneaker impatiently in the dirt, scanning the graveyard’s horizon. This couldn’t be a coincidence, right? Almost nothing was with They Who Decide. To have a stranger who’d been present at his family’s… rather unorthodox performance at the Masquerade show up in what was essentially their backyard, well. There was a chill in his bones, and not just from the stubbornly dreary December weather.Fuck. This was more than ominous, this was Bad.He ran a hand through his hair in a gesture that mirrored that of his cousins, his frustrated sigh a puff of mist in front of his face. Nothing, anywhere. Like he really was the only living thing for—…Well, hello.It was a sparkle of movement in the abandoned church, so faint he almost mistook it for the flap of a wayward mourning dove.But the longer he looked, the more he could see — something ethereal, shimmering onto the crumbling, kudzu-covered walls like light through a full glass of champagne. Something alive, painting iridescent patterns on the arches and shadows of the building as its source moved through the space within. The color was something sharp and clear, something he hadn’t spotted around the few sections of Greymoon he usually lurked in, or even seen in this cemetery lately.And yet, despite this novelty, there was something… familiar about it somehow. He watched it dancing on the dusty plaster, his head tilting as he watched this essence (because that’s what it was, it had to be) swirling through various shades of itself - the bright gleam of curiosity, the lighter swirls of contentment. Whoever was in that abandoned church, for whatever reason, they were enjoying themselves. Weird. That in itself deserved some investigation, and definitely not just because he desperately wanted to know who was throwing color like that in a town like this, where the brightest people he usually saw were his own family members and maybe one or two interesting randos.Slowly, not wanting to startle whoever it was, Hex found himself creeping towards the window of the church, a moth to a spectral flame.Looking back later, he would agree that this single action would leave him just as utterly scorched from the inside out.After years of learning to move like the ghosts that surrounded him constantly, trying to navigate between two visible planes unnoticed, Hex had an easy time scaling the old stone wall without a sound. Hanging from the open window ledge, he pulled himself only high enough to allow him a peek inside, making sure his quarry wasn’t close enough to be immediately scared off. He admitted seeing a dude with windswept hair and wide eyes peering at you through a window could sometimes be a little off-putting. When all he saw was broken plaster and rotten wood, he heaved himself up to settle on the ledge.He didn’t look right away; instead, he made a point to arrange himself into a casual sitting position, like he’d totally planned to come up here the whole time, like he was here for reasons having nothing to do with whoever he hoped to find. He even made sure to inspect his camera, as if to make sure he hadn’t knocked it somehow in the climb.It was only when he looked up at last, peeking demurely through his hair — to see the nave abandoned and the vast front door creeping closed, that he realized he overdid it.“Mierda, come on,” he growled, rolling his eyes. He hopped down, landing with a small puff of dust and ash onto the creaky floorboards, only to be held up again as he felt them threaten to buckle beneath his sudden weight. Fuck. Rickety abandoned church. Right.Sidestepping the spot - and knocking his knees against an overturned pew in the process - he made his way as fast as he could to the door, throwing his shoulder against the now-closed door to bust it open —And stumbling out onto the top step of the church’s rickety-ass stairs, nearly tripping in the process.He regained his balance just in time to avoid totally falling on his face, righting himself as soon as he could — and again being disappointed to find no one. Nothing, again.…Except save for the rear running lights of a car pulling away down the lonely backroad.Inside the car’s rear windshield, he saw it again: the faintest flickering outline of that peculiarly colored light.It was someone’s essence. He’d been right.He leapt over the last few stairs and loped out into the gravelly pot-holed old parking lot to trail after the car. He stopped only at the edge of the road, not wanting the light-bearer to see some weirdo chasing them in their rearview mirror, but at least wanting to make sure he could memorize the rear license plate. And he did.Louisiana plates. Local used car dealership decal on the back - the car was at least a decade old, maybe more. But it seemed to run fine, even if something internally was a bit loud. He’d have to ask Maxi about that; he always had more of an ear for what needed sabotaging in a car to get it to strand someone somewhere.Before the car could turn around the sharp bend in the road, he placed his finger over the shutter button on his camera, smiling a little as he heard it click. Whoever they were, that interesting little light, they could expect a visit from him at some point.He was deathly curious to see how that color of theirs turned up on his film. Especially up close.Maybe if they were interesting enough, he might even try painting with it. Though he hesitated at the thought - it would almost seem a waste to cut off such a light for the sake of one set of photographs.Almost.Unaware of a different set of eyes on him, he turned, heading back to the mustang. Today had been more productive than he’d thought, at least. Here he was with a new idea for a shoot, and a fun little research project to start on.At least that would keep him busy tonight, if he had to spend it alone.-As Hector pulled away in the opposite direction, heading back towards the House, he missed two things that would come to trouble him deeply later.The first was the man in grey, seeming to re-materialize from nowhere behind a shadowed mausoleum. He watched the retreating mustang with a silent tilt of his head, seeming to be doing some memorizing of his own. After a minute of eerie stillness, he pulled his collar higher around his face and started walking towards what shadow of the church was still visible in the fading December sunlight.Just as he reached the boundary of the shadow itself, it was like he simply ceased to exist. There was no signaling fading of footsteps, no pop of air to fill the void he left. He was just… nothing. God knew if he was somewhere else, but he definitely wasn’t there.The second was Rora, her hair damp and full of leaves, her boots and the hems of her pants covered in swamp mud. The dark canvas bag slung over her shoulder seemed full, heavy, and it caused her to lose her balance as she walked. Wincing as she slipped down some of the less even terrain, and then scowling at herself for wincing, she limped into the cemetery from the wood line between the church property and the House itself. The leaves in her hair were not those of the mistletoe plant.With a heavy sigh, she limped towards a weather-beaten ground crypt towards the furthest edge of the cemetery, covered in moss and surrounded by overgrown grass. It stood almost pointedly separate from all the other family plots, all the cozy gatherings of people spending their eternities together (no matter how they actually felt about each other in life and would have quailed at this eternal closeness). The name overtop was nearly completely effaced, the dates lost to time as if the person inside had never really existed at all.And they hadn’t, to her. It wasn’t about whatever was left of whoever this used to be.It was about what she’d left inside, all those years ago.With a sharp exhale that produced no mist, she dug her fingers under the heavy stone slab where she knew the worn grooves would be, the ones left by members of her family over generations.She was not the first Morvant to use this hiding spot. But if she and the boys held true to their pact, she might very well be the last.So long as Maxi didn’t break any more rules than he had already. So long as Hector didn’t start getting ideas. That was the problem with the living, she’d decided. Too many variables. Too prone to whims, fancies.Death was so much more consistent.Once the stone had slid open wide enough, she leaned down to rest her hands on her knees, trying to catch her breath. This body was still taking some adjusting to. She shouldn’t be pushing it so hard, not after all the strain she’d already put on it at Halloween.The last thing she needed was for it to burn out and her be left without a spare.She lifted her head slightly, too eager not to look any longer — and smiled at what she saw waiting for her inside.Not only was her original stash still there, even after all this time, but she clearly wasn’t the only one who’d been using this spot after all.She knew that second stash of supplies wasn’t hers - her mother would’ve thrown out any traces of that particular spell, after she’d botched it the first time.(Not botched it. That was her father’s narrative. She’d executed it perfectly… but that was the problem, considering it wasn’t meant to be executed by an eighteen year old fledgling necromancer. Hell, it wasn’t meant to be executed by most necromancers, period. The fact that she’d done so would’ve been highly praiseworthy, if it hadn’t stopped her heart and eaten through her esophagus immediately after.)So that raised the interesting question of who, exactly, had attempted the spell after her?Curious, she lifted a wrapped bundle, the now dusty, moth-eaten cloth falling away to reveal a once-menacing liston knife, now left rusted and dull by years of summer rain and winter frost.Rora felt a smirk curling at the corner of her mouth. “Well, well.” She turned the blade over in her hand, examining it in the faint December light. Just what had that brother of hers been up to, all these years in the House by himself?No matter, she thought, hastily gathering not only her original plan into her weighty canvas bag, but this fascinating new alternative. Second time was a charm, after all. And if it stuck this time, she might just have to thank Maxi for unwittingly handing her the advantage over poor Hector. Even with that Sight of his, he’d never see it coming.-You’d hoped things would go okay, but they were actually going swimmingly, if you said so yourself.You gently squeezed Maxi’s hand under the table as Em and Pavi both cackled loudly at his joke, losing themselves for a minute to yet another fit of laughter. He glanced at you out of the corner of his eye, and his smile reminded you just the tiniest bit of a puppy as he squeezed your hand in return. Like there was some part of him that secretly wanted you to pet his hair and call him a good boy for getting on with your friends so well. Pavi was a natural social butterfly, you’d been counting on that, but it took a lot for Em to like men. You knew Maxi - a literal professional people pleaser - would have already been doing his best to find common ground with them, but they all seemed so mutually comfortable with each other now that it almost felt like they’d been friends before. Like they hadn’t all met for the very first time on what was likely one of the joint worst days of your lives, and they hadn’t been constantly leaking mascara as he’d been trying to keep the service for a girl he never met running perfectly.Like you’d all just met somewhere normal, doing normal person things.…A brief illusion which was completely shattered when you felt another patterned buzzing coming from an interior pocket of your bag.“And on that note,” you said, smiling as your friends finally seemed to recover themselves. “I’ll be right back.” Maxi looked at you as you rose from your seat, and you leaned over, quickly kissing him on the cheek. “Don’t get too comfortable, babe, or they’ll start filling you in on post-grad gossip.”“Okay, hang on,” Pavi said, holding up a hand. “Have you told him about the thing with that one dick who talked over the professors and everyone else during seminar to the point people were asking him not to audit their classes, and then he got handed a job as soon as he graduated?”“I don’t think they have, no,” Maxi shook his head as his eyes reluctantly left yours, taking another sip of his drink. “Sounds like some bullshit, though.”“Oh my god,” Pavi’s head fell back in her favorite expression of frustration, right as Em leaned conspiratorially across the table towards Maxi’s seat.“So here’s the thing about this guy, right? On top of being super sexist, he smells like cat piss all the time.”“No,” Maxi sounded both horrified and weirdly entranced, leaning back towards Em. “There’s no way. He can’t possibly smell like— that, and get a professorship.” He looked to Pavi for confirmation. “Can he?”“And that’s not even the worst thing!” Pavi said, her voice a mix of outrage and delight in getting to share the story. You rolled your eyes to yourself lovingly as you headed towards the restroom, fishing the burner out of your bag as you went - you remembered this one very vividly, having been very close to getting in trouble that day for biting the guy’s head off during a lecture.Although your reaction had been nothing compared to that of Laurie, who chewed him out in front of the entire class. Laurie had never been afraid to put someone in their place, even in public, even in front of someone who could ostensibly give her hell for doing so. It had been fairly early on during your friendship, and that had probably been one of the days you, Em, and Pavi had all fallen in love with her.It bothered you a little that she’d been so quiet at this lunch - even as she’d smiled and laughed at the appropriate moments, she was one of the people you admired most in the world. Your love life wasn’t based around her approval, of course, but you thought she’d been one of the people who would understand most just why you and Maxi clicked so well.Maybe she was waiting to talk to you afterwards. Maybe she was just giving him a full trial period before she told you what was on her mind. Maybe there was some other stuff going on you didn’t know about, and she’d update you later once you guys were just talking amongst yourselves again.…Of course, as you were hashing this all out to yourself, no sooner had the bathroom door closed behind you than it suddenly opened again to reveal Laurie in the flesh.“Oh hey!” you chirped, quickly dropping the burner with the message unopened right back into your bag. “I was just thinking about you. …Not in a weird way,” you added, remembering you were both in a bathroom. “I’m really glad you guys could make it up — Maxi and I have really been looking forward to this, and he’s so wanted to meet y’all. Especially after — y’know,” you gestured somewhat awkwardly. “Everything.”Laurie gave you a smile that, while you could tell it was genuine, still didn’t quite seem to fit her face. “I’ll give you my whole opinion later, trust me,” Her voice changed to a playful stage-whisper. “But right now, he’s very sweet and I can see why you like him.”You smiled back, wondering why you didn’t feel more relieved that she’d said exactly what you’d hoped to hear. “…Is everything okay, Laur?”The smile slid off Laurie’s face, and her eyes had a familiar sharpness you’d seen many times before. “I’m going to tell you something that just needs to stay between us, okay?”“Of course.” You nodded, leaning your lower back against the sink as you racked your brain for possibilities. This wasn’t new — the two of you, as the Acting Mom Friend and Auxiliary Mom Friend of the group, had had plenty of chats when one of your friends had been feeling down lately, or someone maybe needed some extra help coordinated between you and the others. “Are Pavi and Em okay? They both look great, considering,” you lowered your voice, nodding towards the door. “…Or is it Sky’s mom?” you added in a whisper. Your stomach twisted at the thought - Sky’s parents had both been obviously distraught at the funeral, but Sky’s mom had taken the loss of her eldest especially hard. Her grief took the shape of a contiguous wailing sob that had lasted from the procession of the church right up to the lowering of the casket itself. Maxi had of course stepped forward to keep a comforting arm around her shoulders, but also, you had suspected, to keep her from trying to follow it into the earth.Laurie didn’t answer either of these, instead holding up a finger. She walked slowly down the row of stalls, staring carefully under each as if looking for shoes - before, upon reaching a closed one at the end, nudging the door with the toe of her boot to make sure it was actually unoccupied. When all the stalls turned out to be empty, she walked immediately back to the entry door, locking it behind you both.This was new. “…Laur?” You felt your brow furrow, the twisting sensation in your stomach tighening. “What is it?” In your years together, you knew your friend to be a chill, reasonable person with a practical head on her shoulders. It wasn’t like her to overstate or exaggerate things. If she was worried about the two of you being overheard, she was deadly serious about it.She turned back to you, her expression now more openly anxious than cautious. “I cut Em off earlier,” she began. “When she wanted to talk about what I was working on lately.”“Yeah?” You searched her face, trying to figure out why you could feel a looming sense of dread growing in your ribs.“It’s just because I wanted to talk to you about it myself, first,” she said quietly, giving you a small smile that was meant to be sisterly and reassuring. “I wanted to make sure it came from me and I could explain it, so Em didn’t… cause any worry she didn’t mean to.”“Babe.” You giggled nervously. “You’re maybe defeating the point of that right now, wouldn’t you say?“I know, I’m sorry,” Laurie rolled her eyes apologetically, something you’d only ever seen on her. “I swear I must’ve spent the whole drive here trying to figure out how to bring this up casually, but there’s really not a great way.” She looked away from you, down at her deep purple acrylic nails as they rested on the edge of a sink.“You know I don’t scare easy,” you said, shrugging even as you folded your arms reflexively over your chest. “You’ve worked on all kind of gruesome-ass stuff before and I’ve never flinched once. What gives this time?”Laurie sighed, and as she seemed to steel herself, you swore you could feel something shift in the air around you. “…Do you remember when you first moved here,” she said quietly, meeting your eyes. “And I told you to be careful, because I’d found a lot of stories about weird disappearances in the area?”
  Fuck.
“Yeah.” You nodded, determinedly letting your eyebrows be the only thing to change on your face. Keep cool. You had to keep cool. “Why? Is that the story?”“Sort of.” Laurie sucked the inside of her cheek, thinking over her next words. “…I think that Sky is one of them,” she said at last. “I think they’re connected, somehow.”You blinked, forcing yourself to look only half as confused as you felt panicked. “But she was found,” you said slowly. “Like… people found her.” You swallowed as subtly as you could. “They didn’t find anyone else, if I’m thinking of the ones you’re talking about. Right?” You tilted your head.She nodded. “But that’s what made me start looking at this in the first place,” she said quietly. “If she hadn’t been found, she would’ve been just like everyone else who’s gone missing around this town. We’re talking dozens of people, babe,” she whispered, taking a step closer to you. “If not in the hundreds by now. This goes back years, maybe even decades. And it’s all sorts of people — life-long locals, newcomers… out-of-towners like Sky.” Her lips pressed into a grim line. Oh, holy fuck, what could you not say to make this worse. “So what’s doing it? Like… is it something around here? Is there some fucking swamp people keep getting lost in?” You gestured feebly towards the door. “There has to be some sort of pattern to it, right?”Laurie hesitated. Your mouth felt incredibly dry. It was the fucking Sahara in there, you had to do everything not to just shove your head into a sink and start slurping from the faucet. “…I don’t want to make this call too early,” she said slowly, keeping her gaze level with yours. “But I think it might be a person.”Fuck. Fuck, fuck, fuck. “You think someone’s killing people.” The words tumbled out of your mouth, and you tried your best to sound only a little nervous. Laurie shushed you gently, looking over her shoulder at the closed door. “I don’t know for sure,” she whispered. “And I don’t want to cause a panic before I have more facts. But based on the sheer volume, and the ways people go missing, I’m starting to think it’s a possibility, yeah.”“But… there has to be a uniting thing, right?” You could hear your heart jackhammering in your ears. “Like, all… all serial killers,” you whispered, the phrase feeling like packed cotton in your mouth. “They have types, right? Bundy, Gein, Dahmer, all the big ones had… I don’t know how’d you phrase it journalistically, but victim demographics, right? And you said that the people who go missing around here are all different.”“See, that’s the part that’s throwing me,” she whispered back to you. “Is you’re right, normally there are… more tell-tale signs, sure. Patterns that repeat. All I’ve got right now is that this seems to be a hotspot for people ending up dead, but that’s what I’m looking into.” Her eyes gazed into yours, and you were suddenly met with the full fiery intensity of Laurie on a mission. “I have to know what got our friend, hon. And I couldn’t stand it if I let it lie and… and something happened to you too.” Her eyes softened as she gazed at you, but lost none of their steel. “And after everything at the funeral…” She trailed off for a moment, shaking her head as if overwhelmed. She had her own daughter. There was no way Sky’s mother’s grief hadn’t affected her. “…If I can save any more Skys out there, even just one,” she went on, her voice rough with suppressed emotion. “Then it’s worth hunting down.”You stared at one of your dearest friends, and in that moment, you swore you could feel your heart being pulled apart at the seams.“…But I don’t want you to let it scare you, okay?” She said, setting her hands firmly on your shoulders. You realized she had taken your silence for fear. “This is why I wanted to tell you myself. I didn’t want you to get it second hand and it freak you out too much.” She gave them an affectionate squeeze with a smile to match. “I know you’re a tough, independent They-boss, moving out here all by yourself, but I wouldn’t blame you if this made you nervous.”No fucking kidding. “No, I get it.” You nodded, doing your best to give her a smile but biting your lip immediately afterwards. “…Can I ask a dumb question that’s totally not the point, though?”“Your questions are never dumb, hon.” Laurie said, and for a moment she was that cool older girl in your program again, like she had been on the very first day. “What are you thinking?”“Well,” you glanced over her shoulder at the door before meeting her eyes again. “…Maxi was the one who took Sky in when they found her, right? Because the morgue was full?” You did your best to make your eyes wide and appropriately innocent. “He’s not… he can’t get in trouble for that, somehow, if it turns out someone… someone really…” You couldn’t get the words out. You’d never needed to talk your way out of something more in your life, and you couldn’t get the words out.You couldn’t admit what you already knew to be true.Laurie paused for a beat, but shook her head. “No. He’ll be fine. But I maybe… would keep this just between the squad for now, okay?” She made a point to meet your eye. “I know he’s lived here forever, and I don’t want to worry him either… or for word to get out,” she added with a small smile. Maxi had, indeed, proved himself to be quite the chatty one in the right circumstances. “And if I maybe need to ask him to be a source, later,” she added hesitantly. “I would rather interview him totally in the moment and off the cuff. You know?”You nodded slowly, again feeling like your heart was being drawn and quartered from two different directions. You loved Laurie. Laurie had been one of your best friends for years. You’d loved Sky the same way.But you loved Maxi. And Hector and Rora, for all the hard bumps in the road, had taken you in like family when Maxi made it clear he loved you too. They hadn’t known you long at the Masquerade, but they were still willing to fight for you in the face of immortal peril, because you were his.“I didn’t want to come here just to put you in a weird position, I swear,” Laurie said, grimacing slightly as if she knew even a tenth of how awful you felt right then. “Especially because you and your boy out there seem really great together.”“He is,” you said, nodding. That much was true, definitively. “I feel weird not telling him something.”“I promise it won’t be for long,” Laurie said soothingly. “Just until I have enough to really go on something for sure. Then you can tell him all about it. Hell, I might even ask him to help, depending. He seems like he knows a lot of people around here.” She gave you a small smile. “I bet he made you feel right at home when you guys met.”You gave her as much of a smile as you could manage. “He still does, yeah.”“And I love that for you, babe. Really.” Laurie pulled you into a hug, and you hugged her back, hard. “It’s going to be okay, I promise.” She rubbed your back between your shoulders. “We’ll get to the bottom of this.”She couldn’t tell that you were hugging her so tightly as a silent apology. For what you’d done. For what you would have to do to keep her from the truth.For how much you loved her, loved all of them, even if you were still a traitor.“Okay,” she said at last, the two of you pulling apart. “Let’s go — I’m sure they’re wondering what our fucking deal is.”“Sure,” you managed a small laugh. “Be right with you.”“…Oh, yeah,” Laurie suddenly looked a touch sheepish. “You actually came in here for real. Sorry.”She washed her hands quickly, giving you a small wave before she hastily unlocked the door and exited the room.Left to your own devices, you put your back against the wall and just tried to catch your breath, willing away the panic that threatened to crush the air from your lungs.The people you loved most in the world were now going to go toe to toe, inadvertently or not.And you were going to have to pick a side.You hurried to turn on the sink, letting the cool water run over your wrists and palms, trying to get yourself to breathe normally again and beat back the nausea that threatened to overwhelm you before you could face everybody. There was no way in heaven or hell you could see how this was going to turn out okay. If you told Maxi before Laurie was ready, you were betraying one of your oldest friends. But if you didn’t tell Maxi, the love of your life, that his family and the Mortuary was potentially in her crosshairs? You felt your heart sink hard and suddenly at the idea of even remotely hurting him that way.You finally applied soap, cleaning your hands thoroughly as a way to try to think — to stall. But when the last sud was finally gone, you still had no idea what you were going to do. You and Maxi had bonded together so closely, you’d marked each other with the deepest magic Necromancers knew. But your friends had been Your People before you even knew Greymoon existed.You looked at yourself in the mirror, forcing yourself to take the deepest possible breath before heading towards the door.There was no way to avoid this, even if you did stay in here forever.By the time you made your way back over to the table, Laurie was participating in the conversation like she usually did, enthusiastically joining Pavi and Em in talking about some of your more horrifying program stories.Maxi, ever the gentleman, was still apparently smiling and laughing and looking appalled in all the right places, but you couldn’t miss the way his eyes immediately found yours when you walked back into the room.You sat back down next to him, pretending to be listening eagerly to the story your friends were telling him now, but really you were focused on the way his cool hand found yours under the table - gentle, but with a speed to it that spoke to you of his nerves.The Mark, you remembered, and had to do everything not to hide your face in your free hand. You’d literally just been thinking about this, how had it not occurred to you? When you’d found his on you before the Masquerade, it had allowed you to feel his heartbeat, especially if he was in close proximity to you. He must have felt yours going a million miles an hour just now through the mark you’d somehow left on him — something the two of you were honestly still getting used to.Fuck. There went being able to choose your moment to tell him about it.He squeezed your hand twice under the table, bringing you back to the present. It was a signal the two of you had worked out whenever one of you was starting to feel stuck in a social situation, for whatever reason. One squeeze in return would mean you were fine, that you still wanted to stay.You squeezed twice, which meant you were asking him to find a way to get you both out of there.“Oh, goddamn.” Maxi’s free hand flew to his hip pocket, and he frowned. “I’m so sorry, y’all,” he said, turning back to your friends. “I don’t mean to interrupt, I’m just still— y’know,” he shrugged with an apologetic smile. “On call. Small town and all.”“Oh shit, yeah dude.” Em waved a hand casually. “It’s cool.”“Do what you need to do, of course,” Laurie said with an understanding smile.Maxi nodded, kissing your cheek quickly while pulling his phone out, then heading towards the doors.“Poor guy,” Pavi said, watching him go. “I guess he doesn’t get much of a break, huh?”“No, not really,” you said, letting yourself sit back. “But he likes being needed, I think. It means a lot to him that he can help out in the ways that he does.” You watched Maxi pretending to take a call outside, nodding while he glanced over his shoulder at you. Oh, he knew something was wrong alright.“I hate to say it, but I might need to go with him if it’s a pickup,” you said. “He lets you do that?” Em looked at you, eyes wide. “Are you allowed?” Pavi raised an eyebrow.“Well, it’s really more to save his back than anything,” you said with a shrug and a small wincing smile. “I’ve gotten… used to it, weirdly? I’m not around for the really hardcore stuff, restorations and all,” you said immediately. “But if there’s something I can help with, I like to. Just so he doesn’t have to do it all totally solo.”“He doesn’t have people for that?” Laurie gave a low whistle. “That’s a lot to try to run by yourself.”“It’s a family business,” you shrugged. “He had a thing about wanting to keep it that way, but eventually he figured out he couldn’t do it all alone, even for a town this small. His cousins just moved back into town, though, and they’re thinking of staying on to help.” It was just easier to explain Rora and Hex as both being cousins, you’d both found. It was easier than having to figure out how to explain how Rora was somehow Maxi’s sister even though his twin sister was in the public record as having died back in the late ‘90s, and he just happened to have another one his same age with the same name.“A family business, huh?” Pavi propped her chin on her hands, smiling mischievously. “So what does it mean if you help out there too?”“Please, they’re so obviously head over heels,” Em rolled her eyes, giving you a nudge with her boot under the table. “Found your clown, huh babe?” She winked. “Looking to make him part of your circus forever?”“Leave them alone,” Laurie said, playfully batting the pair of them. “They can be madly in love and not have to do anything they don’t want to do,” she added pointedly, looking back to you. “Or at least, they would definitely tell us first. Right?”Your gut now felt like you’d picked up a fork and stabbed it right in there, all your marriage talk earlier now feeling more like a betrayal to your friends in front of you than happily planning your future with the person you loved.“Hey baby?” You startled slightly, turning to see Maxi standing next to you where you could swear he hadn’t been before. “I hate to do this, but it’s a pick up.” He grimaced apologetically. “Is there any way I can steal you?”“It’s okay,” Laurie said immediately. “They were just explaining they might need to go with you anyway. We wouldn’t want to keep them if you needed them. As much as we love you,” she added, smiling at you in a way that felt like a kick to the ribs for the first time in your life.The group of you rose, and you hugged each of your friends in turn (even Em, who only tolerated goodbye hugs) then exchanged cheek kisses as always. When you came to Laurie, she hugged you extra tightly.“I’ll keep you posted,” she whispered, before kissing the side of your head. You nodded wordlessly, kissing her cheek in turn before you pulled away to see Maxi giving the other girls a hug goodbye. He hesitated just slightly with Laurie, after earlier, but she hugged him amicably, even giving him a good thump on the back that he weathered just as amicably.“I’ll text y’all later!” You should’ve gotten an award for the smile you managed to fake, waving to your friends as the two of you exited the diner and headed straight for the hearse. You watched them wave back, and for a second, you had the terrifying thought that this is the last time it might ever happen. Them and you and Maxi, the people you loved most in the world, all together and uncomplicated.You and your mortician said nothing as you both got in your respective sides of the hearse and put on seatbelts, Maxi starting the engine and again pulling out of the narrow parking space with more grace than anyone would think was possible in such a large vehicle.It was only when the two of you were safely out of eyesight of the diner window and rounding a corner that he whipped around to look at you, eyes concernedly searching your face. “Are you okay? Darlin’, what the hell happened in there? I thought your heart was about to jump out of my skin with how fast it was goin’.”“I- There was—“ Your breath caught in your throat and stayed there, hardening into a stubborn lump. When you swallowed, it turned into a tangle of razor wire, and tears sprang to your eyes before you could stop them. You blinked hard, trying to will them away, catch your breath, which seemed to have somehow left you entirely in the brief distance between the table and the car. But was that distance actually that brief, though? You suddenly felt yards away from Maxi on the other side of the car, but the seatbelt was oddly two sizes too small. Was he muffled, in the questions he was asking you, or was your hearing just going out?“…Okay,” Maxi’s voice was low. “It’s okay, baby. We’ll fix it, just stay with me.” You didn’t know if it was two minutes or ten later, but you didn’t realize he had stopped the hearse until you heard him kill the engine. Looking up from your knees, where your gaze had been locked for apparently the entire ride, you realized too that Maxi had pulled off onto one of the many defunct backroads that littered Greymoon from a more populous, prosperous time. He clicked off his seatbelt and then moved across the bench seat to do yours, closing the distance between the two of you by pulling your back flush to his chest.“Breathe with me, angel.” His voice was soft in your ear, and you felt his chest rise against your back as he inhaled slowly. “You’re okay, I’ve got you. I won’t let anythin’ happen to you. We gotta breathe, though.” He tried again, and this time you made an effort to mirror the breath, inhaling and exhaling slowly in time with the rise and fall of his ribs in your back. “That’s good, keep goin’,” he murmured, kissing the back of your head. One hand stayed firmly under your chest, making sure you were keeping time, and the other found every space it could - over your hair, your shoulders, down your thighs - to stroke soothingly, trying to get you to relax. “You’re okay, pretty baby, I swear I’ll fix it, whatever it is. You just need to breathe for me right now, alright? That’s all you need to do.”Slowly, the sharp urge to wretch dulled to an uncomfortable tangling of your guts, and the chokehold your own voice had on your windpipe seemed to ease. After a few more minutes of Maxi holding you tightly and breathing with you, whispering in your ear all the while, your latest exhale suddenly wavered, like you had just finished running a marathon without realizing it.“Sorry,” you wheezed, feeling your thighs shake slightly as they at last seemed to release the tension you didn’t know you’d been holding there. “Sorry, babe, I didn’t— didn’t mean to—““Most people don’t mean to have a panic attack, sugar.” Maxi’s voice was darkly wry as he leaned around you. He gave you a small reassuring smile as he met your eyes, but it dropped a bit too quickly as he searched the rest of you. You felt his free hand slide down your arm to your pulse, his cool fingers pushing the sleeve of your sweater aside to rest over it.“Can’t you already feel that?” You asked, raising an eyebrow with as much of a smile as you could manage.Maxi returned it, but it was more of a half-smirk. “I just wanna make sure it’s accurate, is all. No lag or anythin’.”You felt yourself release a delayed sigh, your shoulders at last unlocking against Maxi’s torso. “…I’ve never had one of those with you,” you said at last, looking back at him. “I haven’t had a real panic attack in… ages. Probably since before my defense.” That had been years ago at this point, when you used to get them so badly that you would spend what felt like hours trapped with your stomach in acid-y knots and every muscle in your body locked and shaking.“I know you haven’t,” Maxi raised an eyebrow. “And if you could go through what we did and not have one, then I’m concerned as hell about whatever it is you’re gonna tell me.” He was trying to sound like he was joking, but there was no covering the genuine worry on his face. “Christ, if I didn’t know she couldn’t, I would’ve sworn your friend had walked in there and started stabbin’ you, from what I felt on my end.”“Maxi,” you pulled away, turning back to face him entirely. “It’s bad. It’s really bad. For you, for Hector… maybe even for Rora…” Your eyes suddenly felt too warm again as your tears loomed at your lash line.“Hey now,” Maxi soothed, gently cupping a hand to your cheek. “Whatever it is, we’ll figure it out, remember? Isn’t that what you told me before?” He leaned forward, kissing your forehead. “Tell me what’s wrong, baby. Let me fix it for you.”You met Maxi’s dark eyes, swallowing hard against a threatening sob. “Laurie thinks someone killed Sky. Thinks maybe someone has killed a lot of people in Greymoon.” You took a breath, watching Maxi’s face suddenly go very carefully blank. “She wants to investigate it. She wants to figure out what happened… to her. To all of them.” Of course you had to tell Maxi. You wouldn’t dare not tell him. But there was something in you that still ached, imagining Laurie’s face if she saw you. “That’s what she was telling me in the bathroom. She wanted me to hear it from her in person. She didn’t want me to tell you,” you added at last. “She said because she wants to maybe use you as a source.” Maxi blinked, and for a moment, his face was frustratingly neutral. “…Okay—““I’m sorry,” you blurted, and the tears you’d been fighting seemed to flow all at once down your face. “I’m sorry, Maxi. I didn’t know she would start looking around, I don’t want anything to happen to you, or to your family, I didn’t mean for this to happen, I shouldn’t have—““No.” Maxi’s voice was soft but firm as he cupped your face with both hands, his eyes suddenly alive again with a familiar dark fire. “You are my family.” He leaned forward again, pressing his forehead to yours as he wiped your tears away with his thumbs. “You are my family,” he repeated, hushed now. “It’s you. I chose you, you chose me. This doesn’t change that at all.” He kissed your forehead as you sniffled, hiccuping slightly as you tried to push back another looming sob. “None of this is your fault, Darlin’. You have nothin’ to apologize for. Hell,” he shrugged, smiling just a little. “If we had to turn tail at every journalist that came diggin’ around here, I would’ve been livin’ in Mexico ages ago.”“But this is different,” you argued, your hands covering his where they stayed on your face. “She knows me. She knew Sky. And, look, you have to see—” You pulled away just a moment to fish out your real phone, tapping your friend’s old byline into your search engine. “She’s been doing this for ages, babe.” You handed your phone to him, watching his face as he scrolled through the sheer number of stories your friend had written. Back in her twenties and thirties, your friend had been quite the scrapper for the papers she worked for, doing exposés on inside corruption in the Northern city she’d grown up in, before moving on to take on various undercover jobs in shady organizations… a resume that would make anyone with something to hide feel a sudden cold creep down their neck.Maxi balked, his reserve melting as he scrolled through your phone. “What the fuck was this woman doin’ in a master’s program?!” he blurted at last, looking up to you in slight distress.“She said she needed it if she ever wanted to teach in the current market, I don’t know! She went through a phase where she wanted to pivot at some point!” you threw up your hands in a mix of exasperation and fear. “But now she wants to figure out what happened to Sky, and god knows what she’s going to do to find answers.”“Goddamnit, I’ve been tellin’ Hex for years that his utter fuckin’ lack of impulse control is gonna come back to haunt us.” Maxi growled, reaching under his glasses to pinch the bridge of his nose. “This wouldn’t be a problem if he hadn’t gone off on a tear again.”“This wouldn’t have happened if I hadn’t been here,” you said, feeling your voice shake again. “He was trying to get to me to get to you.”“No, we’re not doin’ that,” Maxi said immediately, holding up his hand and letting his glasses thunk back down onto his nose. “I’m not acceptin’ that. There’s no universe where I would be better off if you hadn’t come here.” He dropped your phone on top of your bag on the floor, turning to look at you with a darkly serious gaze. “Nothin’ would ever be better if you weren’t here.”“But I—“ you started, only for him to pull you flush against him in a crushing hug. You froze temporarily, surprised, but at last hugged him back just as tightly, hiding your face in his shoulder. For a few minutes, the two of you just sat there in your own little bubble — you fighting to keep your breathing even, him tracing the length of your spine absently with his fingertips. You could feel his breath stirring your hair, the way one hand pressed itself into the arch of your back as if afraid to ever let you go.“…Do you remember that night in your bedroom?” Maxi pressed a purposeful kiss to your jaw. “When I told you the truth about me, and you just told me over and over again that you weren’t goin’ anywhere?”You nodded slowly, your dazed eyes briefly seeing Maxi’s face in the candlelight as he told you the story of his family and what they really were.“This isn’t… quite the same, I know. But I’m not goin’ anywhere,” he leaned back to kiss your forehead again before moving to take you in with a long, slow look. “You’re it for me, too.” He stroked your cheek with a fingertip, erasing the damp trail of a tear. “My Final Them, for the monster I actually am.”“My monster.” You reached up, catching his hand in yours and pressing a kiss to his palm. This same hand had held a blade to your throat not long ago. But it was also the one you wanted to be holding when you finally took your last breath, even now. “…What are we going to do?” You didn’t know quite why you were whispering, when it was just the two of you. You met his eyes at last. “I don’t want anything to happen to you, or Rora and Hector. But I don’t… I don’t want anything to happen to her.” You swallowed roughly, shaking your head. “I already lost Sky, Maxi. I can’t lose Laurie too.” You bit your lip, trying to figure out how to explain. “She made sure I stayed alive to even get to Greymoon at all.”Maxi blinked, absorbing this. “…Then clearly, I owe her a great deal,” he murmured, tracing the back of your hand with his thumb. He frowned, lost in thought for a few moments, before he met your eyes again. “I promise you, angel, I’ll do everythin’ I can to make sure she stays safe.” He shifted again, rubbing the back of his neck with his free hand. “But we’re gonna have to talk to Ror and Hex about playin’ by the same rules. I know they like you, gorgeous,” he said. “But things like this - they’re gonna want the quickest possible solution. …It’s what we’ve always done,” he added this last part quietly, his eyes looking askance as if he couldn’t quite hold your gaze.“Look, if it takes something on my end to get them to agree, it’s theirs,” you said immediately. “Whatever they want.”Maxi’s eyes snapped back to yours. “We’re gonna burn that bridge when we get to it, okay?” He smiled at his own malapropism, trying to reassure you, but something about how it didn’t reach his eyes still read as… hesitant. As if he seemed to dislike the idea of you being in debt to either of his family members. “I… we can talk to them when we get back later, after—“ Maxi paused, cutting himself off for a moment as both your eyes widened in mutual realization.“Fuck!” You turned, throwing open your bag and ransacking it to find the burner phone at the bottom. “I didn’t even get a chance to read this, she walked in so quickly—““Look, hang on baby,” Maxi held up a hand, eyes suddenly wary. “I gotta call this off. We can’t do this tonight.”You looked up from the (still) unopened message with a startled blink. “What?”Maxi shook his head. “It’s not…” He bit his lip, frustrated as he tried to figure out how to phrase this. “There’s no way either of us’ll be able to concentrate, sugar, trust me,” he explained. “And the last thing I’m about to do is get you involved when you’ve got a lot to think about.”“But you said— with the moon and everything, and Hex and Rora camping out,” you frowned, confused and concerned. “Babe, I don’t want to put us in a bind.”“And we’re not,” Maxi soothed. “Things might get a little ornery around the House for aweek, maybe two, but it won’t hurt anythin’ long term. We’ll just table this for now and figure it out later. It’ll all work out,” he nodded. “I just need to improvise, is all. But I don’t want to drop you in this after the day you’ve had.” His eyes softened as he looked at you. “I don’t want to put you under pressure you don’t need, okay? Especially with somethin’ so… prone to go sour, suddenly.”“But Maxi,” you looked down at the phone, then back to him. “I thought the whole point was that you needed me for this one.”“And you would’ve made it a lot easier, pretty,” he admitted, his smile with a touch of a familiar darkness that made your face heat and you, even now, look briefly away. “I admit, it’s been fun watchin’ you work.” There was something in his honeyed voice that made you squirm, just a little. “And you got me the closest I’ve ever been with this one, which is quite the accomplishment in itself.” You looked up as he reached over, gently pushing some of your hair away from your face before gently taking your chin in his hand. “But you said you really wanted this one, though.” You were whispering again, with good reason now. “And we’re still close.”“And that’s close enough for now,” Maxi whispered back, his smile teasing. “We have to leave it alone. I’ll go out in a couple days and find a suitable substitute, I do it all the time.”“I don’t want you to get this close and throw it because of me.” You shook your head just enough to break his gentle grasp. “Please. Just let me look,” you said, holding up the phone still glowing in your hand. “If we have it, we can still try. I promise I can manage,” you added immediately, seeing his grimace. “I’ll do my bit and bow out, just like we talked about. But if we have it, then it’s a good get, right? Didn’t you say it would mean we could wait longer between this one and the next?” You tilted your head, trying to make him see sense in his own plan. “It might be the smarter move, with… everything.” You gestured frustratedly out the hearse window. “Right?”Maxi opened his mouth to argue… and then closed it again, looking out the windshield as he ran his tongue briefly over his lower lip. You could see his pragmatism was at war with his protectiveness, his fingers drumming agitatedly on steering wheel as he seemed to weigh the options. “…You can look,” he said after what felt like an age, glancing at you out of the corner of his eye. “But if it needs more bait, we cut the line, understand?”You nodded, looking down to the phone immediately and opening the message you’d originally snuck into the bathroom to read to begin with.You read it. Then you read it again, just to be sure. As you were reading it a third time, your heart thudding hard in your chest, you saw Maxi leaning just slightly into your peripheral vision, unable to help his own curiosity.He could probably guess from the way your pulse had turned into a drum, steady and sure, but you still passed Maxi the phone to see for himself, unable to help a small smile.Maxi’s eyes suddenly fixated on the message in front of him, taking the phone from you like it was made of porcelain and reading the text himself. You watched, quietly fascinated, as his eyes went dark again and his head tilted slightly to the side, like a predator that had sighted wounded prey. For a long time, he sat very still with the phone still in his hand, lost in thought, and you thought not for the first time of a gator lurking with its eyes just above the swamp water.“…Okay,” he said at last, and there was a new rasp to his voice. “Okay.” He passed you the phone, and gently grabbed your wrist when you took it from him, holding you there with a cautious frown. “But we do everythin’ exactly as planned, alright? Just what we agreed and nothin’ more,” his voice was soft but stern. “You come in, you leave as soon as you have your cue, you wait until I tell you it’s safe. Anythin’ goes sideways too early—““I get out, no matter what’s happening,” you said, nodding. “And let you take over from there.” You leaned up, kissing him gently on the nose. “I promise. We’ve got this.”Maxi gave a hum from somewhere in his chest that sounded almost like a purr, leaning forward and pulling you close again with an arm around your waist. “I know we do,” he murmured, kissing your forehead and then the corner of your mouth. “Look at you, Darlin’, takin’ to this so well.” His eyes searched your face, still dark, his smile darker still. “You make this almost… fun.”You smiled as he kissed you fully, unable to help the way your heart skipped in your chest even now as you were hit with the heat of him so close to you and the scent of his cologne. You caught your fingers curling into a fold of his sweater, and you felt his arm tighten around your back as he nipped at your lower lip before pulling just slightly away. “As much as I hate to let you go,” he said softly, his nose barely an inch from yours. “We have preparations to make.”“Heaven forbid I hold you up,” you smirked.Maxi returned it with a grin that was sharper than usual, and you were reminded - not unpleasantly - of the scrape of his scalpel’s edge against your skin. “I don’t think they have much to do with this part, pretty.”No, you had to concede as the two of you reluctantly parted to opposite sides of the hearse. Probably not.Your hand remained intertwined in one of his as he headed in the direction of the House, his thumb already thoughtfully tracing your metacarpals through your skin.Your hand remained intertwined in one of his as he headed in the direction of the House, his thumb already thoughtfully tracing your metacarpals through your skin.
  
    Chapter Text
    As you gazed across the horizon of the cemetery from your vantage point in front of the abandoned church, you noticed the sun had fled especially quickly this evening. As if it didn’t want to be around to witness what was coming next.As something twisted in your gut not for the first time that night, you couldn’t tell if you were grateful for its absence, or - in a small, dark, but growing part of you - you felt the tiniest sneer at its perceived cowardice.Perhaps that was your own secret cowardice you were sneering at: the trembling little animals of doubt that at once tried to burrow with needle claws deep into your chest, while also sliding up your throat like an oily bile. You tried your best to sweep them away, to focus on what really mattered - your script, the facade, the agreed-upon mark inside the church’s hollow shell - but they continued to linger inside you like something malignant, whispering softly when you made the point of ignoring their slithering and scratching. You ran your hands down the slacks that were part of your disguise, at once trying to smooth away imaginary creases while pretending you weren’t trying to wipe the sweat from your palms.This was real, now. You were doing this.You folded your arms against what you told yourself was the chill wind that swept across the parking lot, pulling Maxi’s borrowed leather jacket tighter over your crisp white dress shirt. There were a million reasons you’d agreed to this, though, and not only because you would have done anything for Maxi. He hadn’t even been the one to ask - it had been your idea, once you’d heard about the mile-long list of grievances between himself and this pastor.The too-loud, posturing roar of an engine on the one-lane gravel road tore you abruptly from your thoughts, looking up to see a hulking, gleaming figure of a truck approaching in the winter dusk. “Speak of the devil,” you muttered, unable to help yourself (and knowing that if Maxi had been there, he at least would have chuckled).The pearl-white truck was perfectly spotless as it turned too fast into the potholed parking lot, causing you to wince a little as it hit a shallow one a bit too hard. Through the over-tinted windows, you could already hear a cantankerous bellow from the driver, which continued as he killed the engine right up until he opened the door.You kept your distance from Dr. Ambrose Broussard as he opened the driver’s side door and slammed it with equal force, watching the man - towering, wide-framed, already red and blotchy in the face - walk around to glare critically at his back wheels. If you hadn’t been the one who arranged the meeting, you would’ve been slightly perplexed by the camoflage pants and bright orange hunting vest he wore over a shirt made of a stiff brown material, made for moving through wet forests and staying warm while doing it. No trace of a man of God at all, currently.Which was fine by you.“Reverend. Good to finally meet you.” You kept your smile in place as his gaze snapped to you, his lips pursed tensely for a moment as if deciding whether or not to chew you out for the state of the parking lot.At last, his mouth fixed itself into the barest semblance of a treacly smile. “Well now, you must be the young lady I’ve been talking to. How you been, Missy?” There it was. The oozy voice of a man who spent his Sundays in front of a small, fiercely insular congregation, after spending his weekends rubbing elbows with what he considered his real fellowship: people who had much deeper pockets. “Have you found our little piece of Paradise to your liking? I hope you haven’t been spending all your time looking at this old mess.” He flipped a hand in the direction of the dilapidated ruin as he ambled towards you like he had all the time in the world, despite having come tearing in here like a bat out of hell. When he stopped, you again had to re-evaluate the sheer height of him as he stood a bit too close to only be ’neighborly.’ Sure, he was somewhere in his mid-fifties, but he was still huge - according to Maxi, he’d been an ex-high school quarterback who’d been forced to move back after drunkenly blowing out his knee and, simultaneously, his full ride scholarship his sophomore year of college. He’d spent the following years sedimenting himself in the town as a pious son of Greymoon, as he built his church and his following through a combination of explosive sermons and that bullish Good Ol’ Boy charm. Even so many decades later, he grinned at you with that same careless ease of someone who had never felt like he’d had to earn someone’s trust or approval - simply because they felt it was already theirs.This had made him a shoe-in for various positions within Greymoon’s town infrastructure over the years… including, as Maxi had explained, a seat on the board of education while the Morvants had been in the school system. He’d retired, in theory some years ago — ‘stepping away,’ as he termed it, ‘to let the Light shine on the next generation of leaders’ - but there were plenty around who still saw him as being the one in charge.You fought the natural urge to retain your personal space, instead forcing yourself to smile wider. “Oh, I’ve adored it so far. Even outside of finding my newest restoration effort - with you being kind enough to come in and consult, of course,” you gestured to the church. “I really am looking forward to getting to know my new neighbors a bit better, once I get more established.”“Hmm. Well, that’s all well and good.” Broussard’s smile tightened and shrank further somehow, which was quite a feat for how thin his lips were. “I wish you all the best with that, my dear. You’ll learn some of the families out here aren’t worth the real estate they’re sitting on. A few bad apples spoiling things for the rest of us, and all that.” And with that, he waved a hand in what was definitely the direction of the Mortuary. “Hopefully, a sweet new thing like you won’t have to deal with too many of those types.”You blinked, as doe-like as you could manage. “Oh really? I must say, I hadn’t heard about anything… scandalous. Everyone’s been so welcoming so far, I simply hadn’t thought about it.” Your voice was light and slightly breathy as you baited the hook. “Are there people I should be looking out for, sir?”You saw his too-light eyes positively gleam, and you had to fight not to get cocky. You’d had a feeling he loved to talk. “Oh, hon, I wouldn’t wish to soil your pretty little ears,” he demurred. “Some of the things this town has seen are simply sordid.” “Oh, goodness.” Your hand briefly touched your clavicle, and you paused, wondering if you were laying it on a little thick. “I mean, I don’t want to pry,” you tried, folding your hands behind your back instead. “And I know you said you didn’t have a lot of time tonight…” You trailed off, waiting to see what he’d do now.Broussard’s mouth pursed, looking between you and his oversized truck. He’d been brusque on the phone and in his earlier texts about only being available for a brief period, as he’d been planning on getting out to his deer lease tonight to get an early start the next morning (though why he was already dressed in camo, you weren’t entirely sure). “…Well,” he drawled, clearly still debating before looking back to you at last. “Normally, I wouldn’t — but for such a lovely young lady doin’ God’s work,” he said, though his smile was decidedly less wholesome than that. “The deer won’t mind none if I get started an hour later tomorrow. Heck,” he chuckled, an oily sound. “They’d probably prefer it, wouldn’t they?”You did your best to channel Maxi’s customer service smile, but it was hard when he kept pelting you with every femme descriptor in the book. “I know I’d sure appreciate it, Dr. Broussard.”“Oh, c’mon now,” Broussard demurred again, though you could see his spine straighten somewhat at his title. “I’m already feeling my age around you, Missy. Just Ambrose is fine.”“‘Just Ambrose,’ then.” Christ, your cheeks were starting to hurt from holding this stupid smile in place. You were going to have to ask Maxi how he managed. You gestured hopefully to the tall, warped wooden doors. “Shall we take a look, while you give me the rundown on who I don’t need to know?”“Enchante, mademoiselle.” He extended you his arm as you tried not to wince; that was definitely not the French of someone whose family had spoken it for generations. You took the bulky arm in your own - still muscled under the thick sleeves, you made sure to note. You’d have to hope Maxi was quicker than this guy, because it felt like he gave a mean right hook.But he had to be. Right? He’d definitely been absurdly fast, back in the cemetery—Your thoughts were interrupted as you entered the abandoned church for the first time, feeling your jaw drop just slightly at what awaited you inside.It wasn’t the haphazard chaos of the overturned pews, the charred edges of the floorboards, or the way sunlight sparkled through jagged edges of broken windows like teeth. It was that the walls were so covered with vines that it took you a moment to realize there was something under all the foliage - and then a moment longer still to realize it wasn’t just soot and ash. There were murals, here, painted onto the wall in what (if you weren’t mistaken) looked like the Fresco style. But these were no Bible stories you recognized.There were figures all around, tall and dark as if painted from the ash themselves. Many of them appeared to be wearing similarly black hoods, as if they were a band of monks.…Or something else.You saw skeletons outlined against clean spots in the wall, as if the grime had been wiped away there by the artist to keep them gleaming white amidst the swirling dark of the rest of the mural. They clustered on their knees before the hooded figures, their bony fingers clumsily clasped together as if in prayer… or pleading.It took you a second to recognize the red dots in one figure’s face as eyes, and you froze as you tried not to visibly start next to the Reverend. There were two figures with red eyes, standing next to one another. One seemed significantly taller than the other, his eyes a rustier shade of red. But there was something about the red of the smaller figure you recognized —“Shame about all this,” Broussard said, and you blinked, suddenly remembering he was even there. He was frowning waspishly at the murals, squinting against the sunset light flooding through the smashed arched windows. “But that’s what happens when you just let these kids run amok, nowadays. When you take prayer out of schools, they got bored, and then they get delinquent.” His frown deepened into something closer to revulsion. “But the kids around these parts have been rotten for a long time. ‘Specially here.”You didn’t know how the Reverend didn’t hear the sound of something shifting in the corner of the nave - a sound like a pebble, or a loose piece of plaster, being nudged by a stray foot. In your ears, it felt like a gunshot.You didn’t dare look over your shoulder and give him away. You felt the familiar burn against the skin of your wrist, the low, steady thrum waiting next to your own pulse. You didn’t know how he stayed so calm, yours must feel like a jackrabbit kicking against his shoulder.“…Oh?” you added after a moment, remembering you were supposed to be interested and keeping him talking. “How so, Ambrose?”Using his name made him more obliging of you missing your cue to ask, as you felt his chest puff up slightly when he put his hand over yours. “Now, you’ll wanna be careful,” he whispered, even though it still echoed in the empty church. “Because the family that lives in the next lot… they ain’t been right for decades.” He shook his head. “Somethin’ dark, here. Ungodly.”“I didn’t even know someone lived out here,” you said, looking up at him to try to keep his eyes on you. “You don’t mean past the treeline?”Ambrose nodded, humming solemnly. “Mmhm. The Mortician’s kids… though I guess the boy’s the Mortician now,” he muttered. “Given he killed his daddy and all.”“Wait, what?” Your voice went up an octave as your ruse slipped for just a moment. You knew that, sure, but how did he know that? Who else knew that around here?The second pulse in your wrist also spiked a moment, clearly somewhat startled.“Well,” he groused, waving his free hand in the international wiggly symbol for ‘more or less.’ “The Sherriff at the time said it was a heart attack. Grief, after the mother finally up and died - real wilting flower type,” he added conspiratorially. “But that man drank like a fish, ain’t no heart attack that killed him.” He shook his head fiercely. “That boy was never right to begin with. Too quiet, morbid little sissy. Always with his old man working on dead people in the basement, you tell me that’s a healthy preoccupation for a child.” You felt yourself opening your mouth to defend Maxi, until the reverend spoke again. “Hell, he was helping stitch up the teenagers his psycho sister killed when he was still in high school.”“…Beg pardon?” you asked, feeling your defense die for a moment on your tongue. You hadn’t heard this part.Behind you, again, was the scrabble of something moving through loose plaster, and you couldn’t tell if Maxi was hurrying up or frozen.“That sister was a real piece a work. Dead now, by her own hand likely,” The Reverend muttered. “I never saw a soul bound for hell as early as sixteen until I saw her. She was doin’ deviant things with some poor school nurse’s daughter, bewitched that poor girl right out of her mind doing God knows what,” Ambrose continued, looking down his nose at you as if it was your fault. “Then when the poor thing saw the light and came to her senses, that little - excuse me - whore of Babylon set the school on fire.” He shook his head. “Her daddy tried to blame faulty wiring - sure, the school was old, but you’re about to tell me the wiring just happened to go bad after forty years since the last remodeling?” He snorted. “Tried to turn it back on me, said if I’d used that year’s budget on the school - and I did, you know,” he added, as clearly this was something that had been bugging him even now. “Where the hell did he think the new uniforms for the Varsity team came from? But he never had a mind for community, Vincent Morvant,” he clucked his tongue. “Never had a mind for his family neither, apparently, or his daughter wouldn’t have been some two-bit demon succubus corrupting innocent young girls, and his son wouldn’t’ve been cleaning up her mess by trying to make their dead classmates look less burned alive. And don’t even get me started on the cousin,” he said, waving a hand. “That boy was even worse news, what with his mama’s side and all—““And what do you mean by that, Reverend?” You were feeling your mask slipping more fully now, staring up at the red-faced raw ham of a man next to you. You could understand why he’d been on Maxi’s hit list for so long. You felt your free hand clench and unclench by your side, as if your palm burned for something in its grip.The two of you were standing next to where the pulpit would have been now - the only remnant of that was an ancient bier-type platform, a vast hulk of carved stone - marble, maybe? - that had only lost a little fine detail in its exposure to the elements. Though it too was black with ash or soot or grime, it still looked incredibly solid. As though someone could simply walk in to find the communion wafers and wine waiting there for them even now.“…Just trust me, my dear,” Broussard said quietly, turning to look at you with something… new, in those eyes of his. Something that would’ve made your nose wrinkle in disgust, if you hadn’t been keeping a tight rein on your face. “You won’t have to worry about them now, thank the Lord - the son’s still around, but he keeps to himself for the most part.” He patted your arm affectionately, and when you gently pulled it from the crook of his elbow in silent protest, he didn’t back away. In fact, he leaned down, smiling in a way that definitely set off alarm bells in your head. “I would hate for such a sweet child of God to find themselves caught up with someone like him.”In that instant, you wanted nothing more than to shatter that stupid little smirk on that man’s face in the most violent way possible. Your blood roiled in your veins - how dare he. How dare this presumptuous motherfucker stand here and talk about your new family like this. Like he wasn’t some wrinkly old busybody, desperate for someone to look down on so he could pretend to still be relevant after he’d stepped down from his position.You froze for a moment, looking down when you felt something brush the cloth of your dress slacks — only to find the Reverend’s hand, hanging innocuously by his side. You looked back up at him, trying to figure out if you were reading this right or just… projecting. Maybe your rage was making you look for excuses - reasons to act.But you had to be patient. You and Maxi had a plan, and anger or not, you weren’t about to spoil that.…Or at least you wouldn’t have, until the Reverend opened his mouth again.“But you know, my dear, I understand how… lonely it can be, when you’re new in a small town.” He leaned closer still, his voice soft, and oh no. You hadn’t been projecting as his thumb grazed your mid-thigh. “You know, I’m an old man — I don’t get out as much as I used to,” he said, and when you backed up slightly, he closed the space you’d left. “But you’ve just been such a blessing, a real sight for sore eyes.”“I… thank you, Reverend,” you said, putting your hand into the pocket in the lining of Maxi’s jacket and feeling for your backup option. You walked two steps back, waiting for the big lummox to follow you and trying to breathe through your nose to keep cool. “I appreciate your… guidance.”Okay. So he didn’t realize just how fucking thin the ice was, right now. But you tried your best to quell the roaring in your ears, the way your fingers wrapped tight around the familiar hilt of your knife. Steady, steady, you warned your twitching hand, stick to the plan —“I can offer you a lot more than that,” he very nearly purred, and you suddenly realized just how tall this dude was up close. “In fact, since I came all this way, my dear, I do feel like it’d be fair to ask for something in return… you could consider it a service, even, to an old—“His hand had just barely encircled your visible wrist when you broke his grip and clocked him dead in the nose.He roared, his huge free hand flying to his face as the one that re-seized your arm wrenched it violently. “You little bitch!”“Let go of me,” you snarled, mask dropping entirely. “You don’t know how big a mistake you’re making, asshole.“ You cast a hasty glance around the church - where the fuck was Maxi? You were at your mark, it was time for him to take over—“No, you don’t,” Broussard growled, yanking you hard enough that you were worried your elbow was going to pop out of place. “I own this town still, you tramp. You think anyone will believe you if you whine for help? Especially if I tell them you’re batshit crazy? A stranger around here, seducing then beating a pastor in a church? Who volunteered to help you, no less?” He stared down at you, eyes narrowed. “You’re gonna be lucky when I’m done with you if you can still—“You hadn’t expected the knife to move so easily from the jacket to the open air. You hadn’t expected it to sink even more easily into the bottom of Broussard’s chin, upward through his lower jaw and through his tongue in his mouth. It scared you, just a bit, how little resistance the flesh offered. It took all the pressure of popping a bubble of gum, the slightest hold before your blade was up and through, scraping against the priest’s hard palate as he choked on his own blood flooding his mouth.You stared, transfixed, at the look in his eyes - fear and hate, all at once - before two hands appeared on either side of his skull and pulled it backwards, then forcing him down hard to the floor on his knees like he was only a scarecrow.Broussard gasped like a hooked fish as he was lifted off your knife, his head bent at a painful angle as he was forced to look up backwards at Maxi, who was looming behind him with black eyes reflecting red in the fractured dusk.“Reverend,” he growled, his voice dark as the ash on the walls around you. “I see you want to go to Hell the hard way.”Broussard’s maimed tongue futilely squished sounds of protest around in his mouth.“Hm. I never was one for your sermons.” Maxi deadpanned. “Anyway. That’s for touchin’ my partner when they didn’t want you to.” He took a moment to slide a black latex-gloved finger into Broussard’s chin wound, letting out a low whistle as the priest tried to shriek. “Yeah, you brought that on yourself, one hundred percent,” he continued conversationally, twisting his finger around in the flesh so it emitted a terrible squelching noise as the wound widened further. “Takes a lot to make them crack, y’know. They don’t stab people too often — not like me. But it seems like you, sir, managed to offend them in what must be record time.” He tilted Broussard’s head up to look at you. “Now say you’re sorry for bein’ such a fuckin’ lech.”Broussard’s face was covered in a mix of snot, tears, and blood by this point, but he still spat something in your direction that sounded less like an apology and more like a curse. You blinked, feeling the warm moist mixture fleck against your face.“No,” Maxi yanked hard backwards with a snarl. “No, that’s not what you say to someone you just tried to grope, Reverend. But I imagine you don’t have a lot of experience with beggin’ for forgiveness, do you?” He clicked his tongue impatiently. “How the fuck is that for irony?”He leaned forward, staring into Broussard’s eyes, and you saw a grown man turn from defiant to quivering like jello in the span of seconds. The pastor’s tongue tried again to form words, but they came out as weak meebling keening.“Not to me, you idiot!” Maxi wrenched Broussard’s head forward, forcing him to gape at you with his mouth moving soundlessly. “You look at the person you hurt for once, you fuckin’ waste of skin! You say sorry like you mean it, and maybe I won’t turn your hide into a new pair of boots for them if they ask nice.”Whether overcome by pain or genuine fear, when the Reverend mush-mouthed something at you again, choking harder now on his own blood, you got the feeling it was actually sincere. You looked up at your black-eyed beloved, nodding once as best you could manage. That was enough for you.Maxi nodded back, smirking slightly as he looked down at where he was angling Broussard specifically to look at you. “You’re lucky,” he said, his voice a harsh whisper. “Because they’re the closest thing to God you’re ever gonna see.” Maxi leaned down so his head was level with Broussard’s, and for a second, you saw his own eyes go slightly wide with wonder as he gazed at you. With them completely overtaken by black, you felt like you were staring back into two fathomless holes, standing at their raw edges and feeling the ground starting to give under your feet. “They’re a pearl before a swine like you,” he added, half to himself. “So count yourself blessed.”And with that, Maxi twisted Broussard’s head so sharply and suddenly that the sound of his neck snapping echoed around the nave like the felling of a tree.Broussard dropped dead at your feet, his left eye twitching heinously as he hacked up one last spasm of blood… before going silent forever, his chest finally collapsing pitifully against the floor. You didn’t realize you were moving until you dropped back hard against the plinth behind you, your breath escaping in one shaking exhale. Your eyes were still locked on the dead man’s, which in turn were locked on you in a forever stare. Unmoving. Unblinking.For a moment, you saw it as it had been when you first shoved your knife in a minute ago, something raw on the tortured face of this man you’d never seen before familiar in a way you couldn’t put your finger on—It took you a minute for you to realize that the hushed, hurried sound you were hearing was Maxi’s voice.“—Sorry, I’m sorry, I’m so, so sorry, darlin’. Here, baby, look at me,” You heard the snap of latex being removed, your eyes only looking up again when Maxi gently placed his cold fingertips at your chin to tilt it towards him. He inspected your face with wide, worried eyes, the black now completely melted away to reveal his usual warm brown. Here was the man you loved. The other half of the monster you’d just seen kill a man with his bare hands. “I saw him grab you — Are you okay? Did he hurt you? I’m so sorry, angel, I didn’t mean to leave-”“Where- Where were you?” You wheezed, feeling your knees start to shake as the gravity of it seemed to settle all at once on your shoulders. On top of the panic attack you’d had earlier, this just felt like the edges of you were becoming thinner, leaving you in danger of bleeding through to the rest of the world and floating away entirely. “I hit the mark and waited like we planned, but he was on me—“ You felt yourself tilting slightly as the world felt like it was spinning, and he moved his hands to your hips, putting himself in front of you and gently leaning you back against the marble so you were better supported.“I know, I know, I’m sorry,” he soothed, his hands everywhere - over your hair, down the sides of your waist and your back, over your arms as he searched for any visible injuries. “I’m sorry, baby, I never would’ve left you alone with him if I didn’t have to, but you did so good.” His hands, upon finding no obvious wounds, returned to either side of your face. “You were amazin’, baby, and it’s all over now. We’re done, okay?”You met his eyes, nodding as you tried to ride through the overwhelming jackhammering of your own heart. You glanced from him to the Reverend and back again. “We got him. It’s done,” you repeated, trying to make it real.“You got him first, actually,” Maxi said, following your gaze - and you couldn’t help but notice he sounded more than a bit impressed. “…Damn, pretty, you got him good.”“Yeah. I guess so.” You nodded, staring at the gaping, ragged hole in the man’s chin — at the hole you made, with your knife. The one that wasn’t there until you put it there. You felt yourself inhale a little too fast, your head growing light again. “Fuck, I really did just help kill him, didn’t I?”“Hey,” Maxi said softly, his hands moving to grasp your shoulders. “Hey, it’s okay, baby. You didn’t finish him, I did,” he added, though you could tell he was trying to figure out if that was the part that was getting to you.“Oh my god, I definitely stabbed a living person this time,” you said, your body shivering like it was too hot and too cold all at once. You swallowed, your throat suddenly dry and razored. “I definitely did that.”“It’s alright,” Maxi soothed, rubbing his hands up and down your arms. “It’s okay, baby, it was self-defense. He was bein’ a creep and you were protectin’ yourself.”You swallowed again, shaking your head. “No, it’s more than that.” You felt something dark at the pit of your stomach, moving over you in waves. Knowledge you couldn’t avoid now that the reality of it was settling over you.“Well, you didn’t stab him until after he tried to… hurt you,” Maxi said, his teeth gritted briefly around the words. “Right? So why wouldn’t it be self-defense?”Your eyes found his, and you felt the truth pushing hard at the base of your throat. It was there, solid and hard and undeniable, like a rock in your vocal chords. “…Because I think I wanted to kill him,” you whispered at last. “I think I really did.”Maxi blinked, clearly caught by this. “…I mean,” he said slowly, watching your face intently. “You knew what I was doin’. Why I needed him here. So sure, maybe, on some level—”“No,” you shook your head again. “No, I heard him talking about you, about Rora and Hector…” You took a deep breath that only shook harder in your throat. “And I wanted to do it.” Your words escaped in barely more than a whisper. “I wanted to.”“Oh,” Maxi breathed, and you could hear him processing a tangle of emotions.When your gaze finally left the Reverend’s body, you found him staring intently at you, studying your face as if trying to decode what was there. As if seeing something new in you that clearly, on some level, fascinated him.Your eyes barely moved from his eyes to his lips and back again before you leaned up, kissing him hard.You didn’t know quite what you were doing as your hands tangled in his clothes, standing on your toes to eliminate any space between the two of you. You were desperate, suddenly, to absorb the taste of him, the scent of his cologne amidst the ash smell of the church, the comforting crush of him against you. Where you felt like you were about to come apart at the seams, you knew he would hold you together. You needed him to hold you together.Maxi made the tiniest noise of surprise before he walked you entirely back against the marble plinth, his hands sliding to your waist - then, with a moment’s thought, lower to your hips. You felt his grip tighten, his thumb tracing down where your hipbone would’ve been towards your thigh, and you dropped a hand to pull him forward by his belt. His grip tightened to something that would’ve been painful if it hadn’t been so adoring, and you heard his breath hitch.“I’m sorry,” you murmured, nipping briefly down hard on his lower lip to hear him whine softly. “I don’t know what this is, I just— I really, really want you.”Maxi paused and leaned back just slightly. “Baby, it’s okay,” he said, somewhat breathless as you leaned up to kiss him again. He returned it, only to tilt back again. “This is—“ He let you cut him off again, his brain clearly hiccuping as you tangled one hand now in his hair. “This is a common reaction, the first time this happens,” he said softly, his hands still on your waist as you kissed your way down his jaw and towards his pulse. “This is the leftover adrenaline. It’s normal, you’re lookin’ for an anchor. But don’t—“ He interrupted himself with a muffled whine as you bit down over his pulse and sucked hard. “Don’t feel like you have to do anythin’, okay? If you wanna wait this out, that’s okay—““I don’t care,” you said, only breaking contact with his skin to look up at him. “I don’t care what this is, I just want you to touch me.” You paused, your hands already sliding under his suit jacket to push it off him. “…Unless you don’t want to, right now. Of course,” you added quietly, feeling slightly sheepish. Here he was, trying to be a gentleman, and you had interrupted him more than once because you were desperate to feel something outside the boundaries of your own skin. He might be over this, the initial adrenaline rush that comes after what had just happened. Your cheeks felt hot, suddenly, as you wondered if you’d been far too pushy in your haste -But Maxi’s hands moved so they were resting on either side of your hips, trapping you against the marble dais as he eliminated what little space he’d put between you. “Now, I never said that, gorgeous,” he murmured, his eyes a different kind of dark as he smirked. He tilted his head slightly as he loomed over you, his lips barely an inch from yours. “I just wanted to make sure that you knew this was. So you wouldn’t do somethin’ now you’d regret later.”You took Maxi’s jaw in your hand a little rougher than necessary. “Touch. Me.” You kissed him hard again, wrapping his tie around your hand and pulling slightly. “Please?” you added under your breath, an edge of breathlessness to it now.Maxi kissed you feverishly as he shed his bloodied suit jacket and set it on the marble behind you, then hastily rolled up the sleeves of his dress shirt. “How and where?”“I don’t care,” you shook your head, and you saw his nostrils flare as he gave you a calculating once-over. You pressed another kiss to his jaw, feeling yourself shaking just a little still. “I just need to feel you—““Alright, pretty baby,” he soothed, pressing a messy kiss to your temple. “Just try to relax, okay? Daddy’s got you, I swear.” His hands flew down your shirt, unbuttoning it with nimble fingers and pulling it off you so quickly it almost ripped. You shivered slightly against the chill as he grabbed your hips and spun you lightly, pushing you against the marble and pressing himself against your back as he playfully nipped the shell of your ear. You couldn’t help but note that even as he did so, he’d made sure your bare stomach wouldn’t come in contact with the cold stone, having very specifically placed his jacket so it grazed the silk lining instead. You felt him kiss down the back of your neck, then between your shoulders as he freed your chest, his hands then sliding down your stomach to the fly of your slacks. “This okay?” He kissed the space beneath your ear.You nodded, bracing yourself against the plinth. “Please?”“Oh, gorgeous,” Maxi purred, kissing your shoulder as he made quick work of your slacks and your underwear beneath them. “You don’t have to ask me twice.”His hand moved again once he had your clothes around your thighs, one hand sliding straight down your abdomen towards your cunt. You couldn’t help but let out a whine as his fingers grazed your clit, and heard him hiss softly behind you.“Goddamn,” you heard him breathe, feeling your face heat all the more at the sounds his fingers were coaxing from you. “You’re so wet already, baby - is this for me? …Or did you like this more than I thought you would?” He curled them against the bundle of nerves, and you shuddered as you bit your lip against a moan. Your head fell back against his shoulder, but your hips still pushed against his hand, seeking pressure. He teased you for a bit, keeping his movements slow, and from the way his free arm was holding your breasts against your torso, you realized he was watching over your shoulder. You heard a dark rasp of a laugh as he felt you twitch and spasm against him, and he kissed your cheek. “I should’ve brought you with me ages ago, hm? If I’d known you take to it like this,” he whispered, and your hips bucked just enough to be noticeable. You knew he was kidding - he would’ve never done that before now, he was much too careful with you for that - but something in the way he said it had you desperate for more friction.“It’s not every day someone snaps a neck for you,” you murmured, turning your head to lick a stripe up his cheek. You heard his breath catch, and for a moment, you thought you’d called him on his act - only for you to let out a surprised groan as his fingertips brushed your entrance, pressing in for a moment and coating themselves in your fluids before leaving you empty again much too soon.“I meant what I said,” he whispered again, and there was a viciousness to it now that made you shiver against him. You heard the soft sound of him licking the trace of you off his own fingers, and you couldn’t help a small smile.“What, about the human skin boots?” you managed a breathless giggle, turning to kiss the corner of his mouth.Maxi’s arm left your chest, and you pouted briefly, missing the pressure of it there. You heard him instead removing his belt to free himself, his hand slightly shaky already in the process. “You’re somethin’ holy,” he murmured, bowing his head to kiss your shoulder. Even as his left hand worked your clit like a man possessed, he eased your hips forward with his right as soon as he could. You felt him wedge a foot between yours, gently moving your legs a little wider. “And he didn’t deserve to look at you.” You felt the air leave your lungs suddenly as you felt the thick head of his cock tracing through your folds, coating himself in your slick. “And you’re mine,” he breathed in your ear, before pushing hard into your cunt from behind.You braced yourself against the marble as you couldn’t hold back a cry, your nails scraping against the silk beneath them as you curled your fist in the material. He was being careful with you, easing his way in and pressing heated kisses to the center of your shoulders as he did so. “Maxi, fuck—““That’s my good baby,” he hissed, licking a wet trail up the vertebrae in your spine as his hips snapped against yours and caused you to whine. “Fuck, honey, you’re tight.” He was right; you felt yourself gasping slightly as you stretched to take him, his length producing a pleasant ache as you felt every inch slide against your walls. You felt slightly short of breath as he pressed in again, biting down on your shoulder as he did so. “I know you can take me, pretty,” he murmured, kissing the mark you already felt stinging there. “I’ll be patient. I’ve got you, I promise.”You found yourself leaning on your elbows, trying to accommodate him further, and felt him gratefully brush his fingers against your clit once more. Between his steady hand against your throbbing clit making your walls flutter around him, and the fullness of him inside you, you were no longer feeling disconnected from your body, from the world outside your skull. It was just the two of you now. You were safe, even here, because you were together.You were snapped abruptly back to the moment when Maxi groaned into the spot between your shoulder blades, leaving messy kisses there as something in you relaxed and he pushed deeper into you still. “That’s my good girl, I knew you could,” he said against your skin, sounding a touch dazed already. He thrust into you experimentally, and you both gasped as you took the last of him, feeling his skin at last meet yours. “Look at you, all pretty bent over for me.” You shivered as his hand left your clit to trace a thin line down your spine, before sliding around front to your stomach. He ran his hand affectionately over the curve of it as he searched lower for what he wanted: the faint, hard presence of him all the way inside you. His hand moved over the bump, and you felt yourself clutching slightly around him - Maxi tried to be measured in his possessiveness, you knew. He tried to be reasonable in the daylight hours, keeping his darker side in check and mindful of your boundaries.But when he had you pinned and panting like this, your slick already sliding down his balls as his cock filled every last inch of you, you knew he was gazing at you with an unrestrained avarice. “Fuck, Darlin’.” He pushed inside you further just to feel himself move against his own hand, causing you to bite your lip to muffle your own moan, and you felt his cock already flexing hard at the feeling. “I promise, baby, I’ll take such good care of this perfect little pussy.” His hand slid down your abdomen again, his fingers roughly grazing your clit to make you twitch as your nerves sparked.“I know, babe.” Your hand found where his right braced against the stone next to yours, your fingers slotting between his. “I just want to feel you, Maxi. Just—“ Your words died on your lips as he renewed a steady pattern on your clit, and your palm flattened on the back of his hand as you tried to support yourself against the growing heat at the base of your stomach. “Fuck. More.”“I’m all yours,” Maxi promised, and you felt his hips fighting the urge to thrust up into you as he doubled down on your clit alone. “Don’t worry, pretty, I’ll make you feel good.” You felt the edge of his pelvic bone, solid and reassuring, against the soft curve of your ass, and you experimentally pushed back hard against him, seeking friction. “But I want this,” you whined over your shoulder we he determinedly kept still.“Not yet,” he pleaded, his breath ragged, and you felt him smiling as he kissed the back of your neck. “Soon, I swear. But just you first, okay?”“Baby, you don’t have to,” you murmured, pushing back again and trying to invite him to join you - only for him give your clit a sharp tap with his hand and make you gasp at the slight sting of it. You couldn’t help but roll your hips at the new sensation, and he laughed darkly.“I want to.” You felt his breath in your hair as your thighs started to tremble lightly, his fingers restarting their punishing rhythm. “I want you to make a mess on my cock before I even fuck you properly, gorgeous, just because this cunt is mine,” he purred, the renewed intensity leaving you shaking harder against the pressure. “And because I wanna watch you come apart for me.”You weren’t sure what did it, exactly - the dexterity of his hand, the casual claim over you, or the tiniest hint of smug satisfaction in his voice when he knew he’d get exactly what he wanted. But you came with a groan from somewhere deep in your chest, clenching around Maxi’s cock with enough force to make his hips buck hard despite himself. You felt yourself pushing harder back against him, begging for him to move as the world around you felt thin again, but he just hushed you with as stable a voice as he could manage and peppered kisses across your shoulders and up the back of your neck.When at last you were leaning unsteadily against the marble, your breath newly shaky, he was running one hand up and down your side to soothe you. He held his soaked fingers of his other hand extended in front of your mouth, and without questioning, you took them in your mouth to suck them clean. You tasted your own mess, the orgasm he wrought from you like it was nothing. “…One of these days,” you said, the moment you remembered how words worked again. “I’m going to make you come exactly how I want you to, when you’re at my mercy, and it’ll be payback.”Maxi laughed low in his throat, but kissed your cheek nonetheless. “And how will that be, sugar?”You reached down behind you, gently cupping his balls in your hand as best you could in your current position. “Well, I’m either going to have you tied down to our bed and blindfolded while I ride you until you cry,” you said casually, listening to the strangled noise he made in his throat as you held them against your palm. “Or, if you ever wanted me to, I’d peg you into our mattress and let you be the one having the sense fucked out of you for - fuck - once.” Your sentence was choked somewhat by the feeling of Maxi’s cock flexing hard inside you, and you smirked to yourself. “Either of those work for you?” When you were answered only by silence, you paused, angling to look over your shoulder. “Baby?”“…Still here, yeah,” came Maxi’s slightly breathy, dreamy response, and you fought an affectionate laugh.“Did I say something you liked, Maxi?” It was your turn to purr, putting both your hands on the marble to push your hips back again. You felt the solid length of him move against your walls in a way that bordered deliciously on overstimulation, and would’ve continued if he hadn’t caught your hips in his hands.“I like everything you say to me when I’m inside you.” Maxi leaned to kiss a trail up from your mid-back, just to make you shiver. You didn’t have long to savor it, though, before you felt the buttons of his shirt against your bare back and his teeth biting hard into your shoulder. He shoved his hips hard against the soft squish of your ass, and you felt the head of his cock brush a particular spot inside you that made you whine before you heard yourself.His hips set a brutal pace, the sound of slapping skin echoing off the walls of the church, and you could barely catch your breath as he wrecked you entirely from the inside, almost to the point of viciousness in the speed and harshness of his thrusts. You weren’t sure if it was his own leftover adrenaline, or having you join him in this hunt for his next target, or what, but you were more than enjoying the intensity, your moans reverberating back at you in a mockery of a church choir. He alternated with bruising nips and careful kisses to the back of your neck, and you pushed back against him for more despite the ache of him so deep into you. When you angled again for him to brush the spot that set your nerves on fire, his hands moved again to hold your hips in place there, his thumbs tracing over them lovingly even as the rest of his hand threatened to leave bruises. “Maxi,” you whined in a warning, and one hand left your hip to, carefully, put pressure on the sides of your neck as he knew you liked it. As he squeezed lovingly, he spasmed hard inside you, giving away how close he was himself.You were enjoying the cluster of sensations - your boyfriend fucking you so hard you couldn’t think straight, the cool hand around your neck that made your vision start to fog at the edges - when you realized, for the first time in a long while, something critical.The man you loved more than anything was railing you mercilessly not just in a church, but in front of the empty, glassy eyes of the old lech you’d stabbed and whose neck he’d broken. Who had definitely died with his eyes open and had definitely, absolutely, been laying there the whole time, watching the people who ended his ridiculous little life in an obscenely intimate display.Before you could really process this thought or how it popped into your head, your body reacted for you. Your orgasm hit you so hard you were doubled over the marble, gasping for breath through your keening. Your vision threatened to go entirely black at the strength of your release, your nails threatening to shred the fabric under them.“Christ, baby—“ Maxi moaned through clenched teeth at just how hard you were milking his cock, biting down into your shoulder to muffle it growing into a shout of your name as he broke inside you. The heat of it flooded you to the point of threatening to drip down your thighs, like fire against the surrounding cool of the stone, and you found yourself shivering again as Maxi continued fucking his release deeper into you through his aftershocks. You could just barely make out the soft, hushed hisses between frantic kisses to your bare skin, all only one word: “Mine.”At last, he doubled over with you in a controlled collapse, nuzzling your skin that glistened now with sweat. “You,” he murmured, still catching his breath. “Just about had me prayin’ in a church for the first time in goddamn decades.”You chuckled softly, your hand finding his again and intertwining your fingers. “I don’t know, babe,” you couldn’t help a smile as you glanced over your shoulder. “You have me tending towards blasphemy, myself.”Maxi hummed against the back of your neck, kissing the spot he’d bitten into with a tenderness that bloomed like fire in your chest. “I love you, gorgeous.”“I know,” you murmured, your smile still in place as you basked in his affection. “I love you, Maxi.”Maxi took pains to kiss each of the places he’d bitten to bruise before, reluctantly, separating himself from you at last. The two of you made soft, unbidden noises at the lack of contact, but you were glad at last you could finally turn around and see him —Until you started to straighten up and inhaled sharply through your teeth, your arm suddenly very much reminding you of everything that had happened before your physical bliss.“What’s wrong?” Maxi looked up from where he was re-dressing himself, eyes flashing as he gave you a worried once-over. “Did I hurt you? I’m sorry, baby, I swear I didn’t—“It wasn’t you,” you said, wincing as at last you turned to face him while trying to dress yourself with your cooperating arm. After a minute’s useless one-handed fumbling with your trousers and your shirt, you sighed, nodding to your newly sore appendage. “The Reverend got ahold of me before I got my knife in him, is all. I guess in the middle of, well, things,” you admitted, feeling your face heat. “I kind of… forgot.”Maxi’s eyes sharpened as he glared at the corpse on the floor, as if to make it answer for this, before he remembered himself and looked back to you. “Here, try to keep it elevated.” He adjusted your arm as tenderly as he could, propping your elbow against his own shoulder like it was made of glass. “Just leave it here, okay? Now,” His eyes went to your clothes, and you felt another swell of affection for him his hands went to the waist of your trousers. “Tell me what happened while I get you dressed.”“I should’ve been more careful,” you said with a sigh, watching him pull your underwear, then your slacks back into place and fasten them carefully. “He got handsy - I should’ve seen that coming, he was practically a walking cliche,” you muttered bitterly. “And I had him on the mark, so I didn’t want to do anything. But then he grabbed me, and I punched him—““Wait, you punched him?” Maxi repeated, pausing with his hands behind your back as he re-fastened your bra - something he also did with admirable dexterity, you had to admit.“Well, his face was right there,” you shrugged. “But of course that just pissed him off, so then he grabbed this arm,” you nodded to it as he pulled your shirt on, though he left your sore arm exposed. He carefully layered his leather jacket on top of that, resting it on your shoulders “And yanked, because of course I had my other one in my jacket getting my knife, and…” You trailed off, releasing a breath as you glanced over again at the body on the floor. “And then I stopped sticking to the plan,” you added somewhat sheepishly, glancing at him out of the corner of your eye.“That’s my fault,” Maxi said, eyes wide with guilt. “I’m sorry, baby, I couldn’t be more sorry — I thought I saw… someone,” he said, for just the briefest second glancing over your shoulder towards the back of the church - he’d presumably creeped in through a crevice unknown to you there while you’d brought Broussard through the front. “I just wanted to make sure we didn’t have eyes on us. I didn’t realize the bastard would get handsy, or I never would’ve left you alone with him, I swear. On his long list of bullshit, I didn’t hear about anythin’… like that. Maybe I wasn’t thorough enough, I don’t know,” he muttered more to himself, shaking his head in annoyance. He looked back to you, then nervously to the arm you’d kept leaning against him. “Can I take a closer look?”You nodded, and he gently moved it off his own shoulder. “If he was as big a deal around here as you said, that part might have been buried, baby.” You winced again as he examined it with critical eyes. “That can still happen, even now.”“I don’t doubt that, sugar,” Maxi muttered, his mouth set in a bitter line. “I just thought with my… particular set of sources,” he added. “It would’ve been more prominent. Especially if he’s been doin’ that for a while.”You watched him, his fingers delicately feeling the tendons in your wrist and up towards your elbow, looking for signs of strain or fracture. “…You were doing this for Rora, though,” you said softly. “Weren’t you, babe?”Maxi paused, glancing up at you over the frames of his glasses like you’d caught him off-guard . When he looked at you this way sometimes, you couldn’t help but see hints of the boy he must’ve been, once. A hint of hesitation and fear in those watchful, owlish eyes of his. Eyes that probably saw too much too young, based on everything you’d heard. It made you want to hold onto him, soothe whatever wounds still lurked in him like you knew he would for yours.He seemed to debate with himself for a moment, torn… before he exhaled, his shoulders sagging somewhat. “I always told myself I’d get him one day, when she passed. I owed her that much,” he said, eyes on the floor. “He was the one who made life miserable for her, even before the whole… well, arson incident. Just back when she was datin’ that girl.” He reached under his glasses, pinching the bridge of his nose again. “It was a small school, word got around. He kept goin’ off about ‘sin in our midst’ at PTA meetings - not that my parents ever went,” he added, rolling his eyes. “But Hector and I kept eyes and ears out, y’know? We had to. Rora didn’t care what anyone thought - never did - but we did. It was a small town, people get stupid when they get scared.” He let out a long, slow sigh through his nose. “He kept makin’ Rora out to be some kinda witch, and then… well, when she did actually set the school on fire,” he admitted with a frown. “He took it as a chance to throw the book at her and then some. But she wouldn’t’ve set it on fire if he hadn’t been nippin’ at her heels like a dog whenever he got the chance,” he protested quickly. “She was just tryin’ to get away, and she made a mistake. He made her out to be worse than she was long before she actually… got there.” He sighed, his expression heavy with what looked like… guilt? “I should’ve stuck up for her more. She needed someone there so she didn’t feel so… alone. Trapped. But between everythin’ goin’ on with her, and then my dad and my uncle in the middle of their whole feud, and Hex and I bein’ put against each other whenever they wanted to settle somethin’…” He sighed again, shaking his head. “I didn’t see it until it was too late.”“Baby,” you said, causing his eyes to flick back to yours again. “You were kids. I’m sure you did what you could at the time.” You took one of his hands in your good one, squeezing it quietly. “Your parents should’ve looked out for her. They were the adults.”“If you could call ‘em that,” Maxi muttered, but squeezed your hand back nonetheless.“Still. They dropped the ball,” you said firmly. “You weren’t the one responsible for protecting your sister, they were. And they should’ve protected you, too. And Hex. It sounded like that old bastard had it out for all of you.” You glanced again at the corpse on the floor and back again. “But we handled it. And I’m sure Rora will be proud of you when we tell her.” You tried to smile, your thumb rubbing the back of his hand. “It’s going to be okay.”He hesitated again. “She didn’t know he was still alive.”You blinked. “Sorry?”“I didn’t know she’d be, y’know,” he gesticulated impatiently with a hand. “Bringin’ herself back, or I would’ve handled him sooner. But then she came back, and I’ve been tryin’ to take him out before she can run into him.” He looked back to the broken body on the floor. “I didn’t want her to have to see him walkin’ around still.”“…Well,” you said slowly, following his gaze before looking back to him. “Then this makes it even better, right? We still did it. One more scumbag down, the House gets fed, Rora doesn’t have to deal with the guy who made her life hell as a teenager.” You paused for a moment, taking this all in, before nodding encouragingly. “Honestly, I think that’s pretty good for a couple weeks’ set-up.”Maxi made a noise like a hum with anxiety. “I shouldn’t have brought you where he could hurt you, though,” he said, worrying his lip with his teeth. “Maxi.” You couldn’t help but roll your eyes a little, smiling nonetheless. You had never been present for… something like this, before - you imagined lots of people hadn’t, even when their significant other was a necromancer - so you weren’t sure if this was a normal amount of worrying, in the aftermath. “You have to learn to take the win sometimes, you know that? You told me yourself he wasn’t going to come out to the Mortuary for anything to do with you. You needed a cover. And besides,” you added, taking his attention back as you tilted your head to meet his eyes. “I’m okay. I was actually rather enjoying myself a minute ago,” you added, your smile turning into a smirk.Maxi sighed, but let himself smile a little. Still supporting your hurt arm, he paused, before his free hand intertwined with yours almost… shyly? “…I’ve never done this with anyone else.”You blinked. “What, fucked someone from behind in an abandoned church? You live right next to one, handsome,” you joked, looking up at the patchy roof. “Seems like a waste.”Maxi rolled his eyes good-naturedly. “No, smartass. …I’ve never had someone… come with me,” he said slowly, choosing his words. “I mean, sure, Hex and I worked as a team for a while back in the day, but he always knew what I was. We came up together.” He shrugged a shoulder. “I’ve never had anyone… like you, here. It’s always somethin’ I tried to keep away from people I was seein’. Y’know,” he added almost nervously. “For obvious reasons.” He shifted slightly where he stood. “I’ve never had someone else see this side of me and stay.”“Hey,” you said, leaning up to kiss his cheek. “I saw you on Halloween, and I didn’t go anywhere. Even though you run really fast,” you teased, trying to take some of the concern out of his eyes.“I know, and I love you for it. But you know what I mean,” Maxi said quietly. “Then, it was a Ritual - you had to be there, because you were part of it. This is… somethin’ else. This is a choice.” His eyes were dark, somber.“October was a choice, too,” you said just as quietly. “I chose to come after you. To take part, if it meant I got to keep you. This is just me choosing you again.” You lingered on this, though, realizing now that today had been a first for both of you. “…I think, all things considered,” you added. “We make a pretty good team, don’t you?” You squeezed his hand in yours. “I maybe got a little freaked out, but only a little, in the grand scheme of things.” You gave him a shy smile of your own. “I think I can manage, once I… get used to it.”“This doesn’t have to be a regular thing,” Maxi cut in quickly, shaking his head. “You don’t have to come with me if this isn’t somethin’ you want to be part of — I wouldn’t expect you to. I’ve handled it on my own for ages, Darlin’, I don’t mind.”“Yeah, I know,” you nodded, seeing how serious he was. “But if me choosing to be here means you don’t have to do it alone… then I choose for you not to be alone.” You shrugged, as if it was that simple. “I always will.”Maxi blinked, and on his face, you could see the solemnity flicker and give way to something still hemmed by a layer of hesitation - affection, and a touch of awe, mixed overwhelmingly with a raw-edged relief that looked like he was on the verge of something crumbling.He leaned forward, stealing your breath and the question on your lips with a kiss. You held it, only letting go of his hand to reach up and run your fingers through his hair with the feeling you were soothing some sort of fear. It was only when you moved to put your other arm around his neck that you were forced to stop, making a quiet surprised squeak at the jolt.“It’s okay,” you said quickly, seeing his alarmed expression as he jerked back. “I think it’s just from where he yanked it, I don’t think there’s any real damage. We can fix that between the two of us.” While you weren’t sure how your and Maxi’s shared sparks worked yet, really, you did know that they came in handy for situations such as this. After a night of laying with your legs intertwined on the couch watching TV, or sleeping entangled in one of your beds, you were usually rid of small aches and pains by the next morning, seemingly by proximity to him alone. This would probably be only a memory of pain by lunch tomorrow.Maxi scowled, again looking furious with himself. “We shouldn’t have to. I shouldn’t have gone lookin’, I could’ve dealt with it after—““Did you see anybody, though?” you prompted, watching as he turned to examine your arm more thoroughly with the softest of touches. “I mean, I’m guessing since you came back in here and… we got occupied,” you phrased it delicately, feeling heat return to your cheeks. “There wasn’t anything to worry about immediately.”Maxi’s eyes returned to yours once he was satisfied your arm was likely only bruised. “That’s the thing,” he said, clearly frustrated. “I swear to god I saw someone, but when I followed them out, they were gone. And they shouldn’t have had time to hide.” He chewed his lip. “I didn’t know if I was seein’ things or what, and then I heard you, and— I’m sorry,” he added again, as if compelled.“I’m okay, I promise. And… well, we got him,” you said, glancing over his shoulder at the still-lingering corpse. “And if there’s no one waiting to bust us when we walk outside, then that means we’re going to be okay. Right?”“I could technically get them for trespassin’, truth be told,” Maxi said, watching you tuck your arm carefully back into your shirt. “My relatives built this church - that’s why part of your cover was that someone had bought it to restore,” he explained. “And it’s close enough to our place that I could probably have a solid case — well, in a Louisiana court, anyway-““Wait, hold on,” you held up a finger. “Your family built this place?” You looked around at the church with its swirling, ominous murals. “…Did y’all do this part, too?”“Only later,” he said quietly, following your gaze to the many painted eyes around the room. “Once my great-grandfather and them had given up fixin’ it after the latest hurricane at the time. This wasn’t me, Hex, and Rora though.” His eyes traveled to the figures you’d stared at earlier, the tall and small shadows with red eyes. “This was before we were born.”You followed his gaze, and then looked back at him. “…I would’ve thought that was you and your dad, though,” you said, not sure quite why your voice had suddenly hushed. “You’re the only ones I’ve ever seen with eyes like that.”For a second, you saw the rust color of Vincent’s energy as he put Maxi into a frenzy state at the Masquerade, then Maxi’s bright red eyes watching you in the darkness of the cemetery.“It is,” Maxi said simply, though his tone was also hushed. But after a moment, he tore his eyes from the mural, nodding to Broussard. “C’mon. I need to get him to the basement, and you need to get a heatin’ pad on that arm.”“Yeah, good idea.” You moved towards Broussard, only to pause when Maxi turned and walked in the other direction, towards the back of the church. “…Wait, where are you going?”Maxi had pulled a key from the pocket of his slacks, and he glanced at you as he paused over a section of floor. “Gettin’ the door?”You scanned the area around him before looking back to him, confused. ”There’s a door back there?”“Oh.” Maxi paused, as if debating how whatever was happening next was going to look. “Well, uh… hold on.” He knelt down, inserting the key into a lock in the floor you couldn’t see. After a moment, his fingers found a groove in what looked to be the rotten floorboards, and seemed to lift a whole panel out of the floor… only or it to rest on hinges, revealing its status as a trap door.“Shut up,” you blurted, looking from it to him.Maxi shrugged a might sheepishly. “There’s tunnels under here,” he explained quietly. “Goin’ back ages. Probably since the House was built. I just use the one to the basement, mostly, but some go… other places.” He rubbed the back of his neck with his free hand. “I haven’t been in some for so long, though, they might have collapsed—““Baby, I already thought y’all having a basement in Louisiana was bizarre.” You walked over, peering into the square black void with unbridled curiosity. In the dim light through the broken windows, you could see a few steel rungs that looked like the beginning of a ladder, disappearing into inky darkness that smelled strongly of a place that had never seen daylight. “How the fuck do you guys have these, too?”“I mean… Demons.” Maxi looked back at you with a shrug and an uncertain gesticulation in the direction of the void. “They’re the ones who gave us all this, so I’m assumin’ they’re the ones who made them to begin with.”You looked from him to the hole and back again, before finally you shrugged in return. “Okay. Don’t see why not.”“My sister brought herself back from the dead, Darlin’,” Maxi deadpanned, looking amused. “Things don’t work like they should around here in a lot of ways.”“…Fair point, yeah,” you agreed with a small smile. “Now come on,” he said, extending a hand to you. “Let’s get you home. I’ll handle him.”“By yourself?” You blinked, looking over your shoulder to the fairly hefty corpse.“No,” Maxi smiled, and you could see him trying not to laugh. “You’re gonna hold the flashlight.” He made one appear, then, lifting up a loose floorboard next to the trap door and pulling out a heavy-looking one made of black metal.“Babe, come on,” you said, looking back to him with a frown. “You could hurt yourself. He retired, but he’s still built like a tank.”“You let me worry about that,” Maxi soothed, though the mirthful gleam in his eye hadn’t left. When you didn’t move, unconvinced, he beckoned you affectionately. “C’mere, sugar, just trust me. Okay?”Reluctantly, you walked over, and after a short, muttered back and forth about whether or not you were okay to climb down by yourself (you were, he was just worrying as always), you tucked the lit flashlight under your arm and descended down the ladder into near-perfect blackness.When your feet hit the ground, it was soft underneath your boots. You weren’t sure if it was soil, or something… else. Ages of earth and marsh separated from its natural state by these unnatural tunnels, left here away from its mother environment. Turning on the flashlight didn’t make it any more discernible - it was a deep, dark color, with a not-unusual texture - but something in the back of your head still gave you pause when you tried to just call it ‘dirt’. You were still teasing it with the toe of your boot, trying to figure out why exactly it bothered you, so you nearly missed the sounds of something heavy being dragged above you.“Hey baby?” Maxi called, and you looked up, no longer seeing him in the square of light where he’d watched to make sure you didn’t slip. “Yeah?” “Move over a bit, okay?”Puzzled, you stepped back from the opening, though you were reluctant to be out of its sight entirely.“Little more, please.”You stepped back further, using the flashlight to search the spot before you stood still to make sure nothing was looming there in the dark. “Here?”“Perfect. Incomin’!”The body of Reverend Broussard slid unceremoniously from the lip of the trap door like a liquid, landing with a ‘thud’ that lacked all the dignity of a living thing. It was ironic, knowing how much sight this would’ve appalled Maxi at his day job, but at the moment he was perfectly content to drop from the opening himself and land with a rib-shattering crunch on the Reverend’s back.“His car?” You asked, glancing back up as Maxi went to the nearest wall, feeling for something against the stone.“I’ll come get it after I get you to the House. Won’t take long,” he said, waving a hand. “And we didn’t leave… anything?” You asked, phrasing it delicately. The clearer your head got, the more having your boyfriend fuck you senseless at a murder scene seemed like a questionable decision at best, especially with everything that had transpired with Laurie earlier. You couldn’t afford to be careless with… evidence, as it were.Maxi laughed quietly, and something in the hint of shyness there made you wonder if he’d had a similar thought. “No. We’re fine, I checked. And the church itself will take any of the blood that remains.”“…That’s not ominous at all.” You were mostly joking, though you couldn’t help but glance upwards at the structure you’d just left behind.Maxi’s smile was grim. “Sometimes it’s better just not to know, sugar.” He nodded to your borrowed jacket. “I’m assumin’ you grabbed your knife.”“Yes,” you said, positive you’d sheathed and replaced it after shoving it in a middle-aged man’s face, but patting the pocket just in case. It waited there, folded into itself, and something in your brain imagined it still held some of the heat from the corpse it had helped create.“Smart baby, already on top of things.” Maxi’s smile became a sharp grin, and something about it made night-colored moths flutter in your stomach.It was a weird thing to feel your shoulders straighten about, but hey. You’d take it. You nodded to the body laying in a crumpled heap on the floor. “So how’re you going to carry… that… all the way back to the House?” You found yourself searching the crevices of the tunnel walls in the dark. “You guys have, like, a wheelbarrow down here or something?”“Don’t need one,” Maxi said, a little too blithely as he shrugged on the bloodied suit jacket in lieu of carrying it.You couldn’t help but tilt your head, looking between your beloved and the heap of flesh on the floor. Maxi, for being a bit lean, was certainly strong - you knew that firsthand from the surprising number of times he’d lifted you without warning to pin you against a wall. But the dead weight of someone this broad and tall? “I’d ask,” you said dryly. “But I’m sure you’re about to explain to me why the laws of physics don’t apply down here.”“Just the one about a body at rest,” Maxi quipped back, glancing at you over the frames of his glasses as he leaned down next to Broussard’s head. He placed two long fingers to the dead man’s temple, and you watched as they glowed for a moment with a red you were beginning to become intimately familiar with. The light seemed to pass through the vein under Broussard’s skin to appear, somehow, in the pupil of his still staring eyes.Maxi said nothing, concentrating as he made a gesture with his hand that looked like he was trying to lift this grown man’s body with only fishing line tied to his fingertips. After a couple of false starts, where Broussard’s body seemed to be tugged this way and that, Maxi rolled his eyes and spread his hand a little wider. You watched, fascinated, as his fingers moved individually in the air, seeming to spread the weight more evenly between them. Finally, with another determined yank upwards, Broussard sat up. His eyes were still dull and blank, his face slackjawed and chin flapping where your wound combined with Maxi’s force to his neck had torn the skin, muscle, and fat open even further. His head actually wobbled listlessly to one side, making the whole spectacle somehow even more grotesque.“There we go,” Maxi muttered. “Really makin’ me dig for it, weren’t you. Though I guess that’s my own fault for damagin’ the spinal cord,” he added, more to himself. You couldn’t help but wonder, quietly, how often Maxi’s less savory errands were just a running monologue for any dead who happened to be there to listen. The idea, as morbid as it was, inspired a wave of affection in your chest for this weirdo who’d absconded with your heart.“Damn, babe.” You took a few steps closer despite your arms being folded tightly across your chest, as if the idea of touching the body post-stabbing too much for you, of all things. You leaned over, examining the sickening angle of the near-dangling skull. “You really did break this guy’s neck.”“He wanted to hurt you.” Maxi said immediately, and there was ice in it that made you look up. He was staring at the dead man’s face with a dispassionate neutrality that you knew held back a hurricane’s force of loathing. But, for a second, his eyes flicked to you, and you saw a trace of familiar anxiety there. Wondering, as always, if he’d gone too far. If this was going to be the thing that suddenly made you think twice about every decision that had led you to his side.“No,” you said with a soft smile, wanting to curb the question you knew by now was always somewhere at the back of his mind. “I just meant — I didn’t know you could.” You gestured to the lolling head with a hand and a shy shrug.“Oh.” Maxi perked up immediately, . “Well, y’know, once you know where to put your thumbs it’s really just a matter of pressure and torque.” He shrugged in return, almost shy himself, but still with the tiniest smile of pride in his work at the corners of his mouth. “…I can, um. Show you sometime?” He offered, though the way he arched an eyebrow when he said it gave the impression he didn’t think you’d take him up on it.“…Maybe if we think I need it,” you said, unable to keep from smiling at just how ridiculous that sounded even to you. “But I’m okay with you being the one to, um. Handle that, for now.” You gestured in a loose circle at the dead man who continued to stare into the abyss.“Sure.” Maxi’s smile turned into something soft as he looked at you, before turning back to the body. With another gesture that made the joints in his hand briefly light up scarlet under his skin, the dead man shifted again on the spot. Slowly, in response to each new, painstaking gesture on Maxi’s part, the body shambled its feet back under itself. Even slower, through a process resembling nothing close to a living person picking themselves back up, the newly animate inanimate man found some semblance of a center of gravity, until at last it had balanced the bulk of itself on its feet.“Finally.” Maxi walked over to the corpse, circling it like one would a used car. With a thoughtful, studying gaze, he nudged the hunting boots the Reverend was wearing with the toe of his own shoe. When it didn’t budge, he examined the way the body’s torso listed to one side after he’d shoved it down a trap door and then landed on its ribcage. When he gave it a tentative push in the shoulder, it wobbled, but didn’t lose balance. “Yeah, that should be fine.” He reached up to the temple of the lolling head and flicked it, creating another spark of red. “Get.”The body lumbered forward, piloting itself into the darkness of the tunnel with a lumbering gait that shook the head and torso in a way that made you slightly queasy with each step. Seeming to need no assistance from the heavy flashlight in your hand, it plodded on with audible crunching footfalls, only occasionally interrupted by a stumble or a scraping against the wall.You looked back to Maxi, who was watching go while absently flexing the hand he’d used to enchant it. “And you were going to tell me you could make zombies… when, exactly?”“Oh, no, that’s not a zombie, Darlin’.” Maxi waved said hand, looking to you. “Zombies are a lot more involved, and they mostly come from other… traditions, I guess you’d call ‘em. Caribbean and African diaspora, that sorta thing. Whole lot more time and intention needed to craft those. Here, c’mere with that light a sec.”“…Well, okay, now I have a million questions.” You walked over as he turned back to the wall beneath the trap door, searching for something along it. “So what the fuck was that?”“You know how Rora brought Maggie ‘back,’ so to speak?” he said, moving his palm along the stone as if trying to find something hidden. “Yeah?”“Rora works with bone. But I work with… well, flesh, for lack of a better way of puttin’ it,” he half-mumbled, squinting at a particular part of the wall. “Son of a bitch, you’d think someone would’ve painted this by now— ah.” He set his hand against a particular spot and watched it spark red again, followed by the sound of rusted parts moving against one another.As you looked up, you watched the fading light from the church above grow smaller and smaller as the hidden panel swung shut, until you were both only lit by the limited bubble of the light in your hand.“So… you can animate flesh?” You asked, raising an eyebrow as you held your free hand out to him in the dark.Maxi gave you a tight smile. “If a body’s… fresh enough,” he said slowly, choosing his words. “And not too badly damaged, then I can work with the musculature in a pinch, sure.” He gently plucked the flashlight from the arm you’d had yanked, before taking your proffered hand to tuck your good arm into his. “I try not to make it a habit, though - I’d rather carry ‘em when I can because it’s usually just quicker all around. Here, though,” he nodded down the tunnel. “This is a bit of a walk, and no one’s gonna see them anyway, so…” He shrugged a shoulder. “Might as well.”“Ahuh.” The two of you made your way through the dark like you were on a very grim version of an old fashioned promenade through a park. “Maggie has a personality, though. Or at least, she really feels like she does.” You paused, trying to figure out how to word this. “Did Rora… make her like that?”“No, that’s all Maggie.” Maxi smiled affectionately at the thought of your shared skeletal little friend. “So if Maggie’s inhabiting her skeleton, in a way,” you nodded towards the clomping footfalls up ahead. “Is there any chance the Reverend up there is going to start talking to us again?”“Oh god, no,” Maxi laughed. “No, what I do is rooted in…” He paused, trying to find a way to put it into words. “Everythin’ between skin and bone, I guess.”You blinked. “And what does that entail, exactly?”“A lot of things,” Maxi said, with another opaque smile. “But not the part of a person that makes them act like themselves. Hex probably helped with that on Maggie, to be honest - Rora would’ve gotten the bones movin’, but she’d need him to help bring back… well, all the parts of someone that makes their personality, I guess.”“The soul? More or less?” you asked, looking up at him. Maxi made a non-committal noise and a similar gesture with the arm interlocked in yours. “Depends on what you’d want to call it. Hector has a whole speech locked and loaded about how it’s ‘the ghost but only part of the ghost, because you have to account for its relation to time’ kinda. It’s complicated, he always loses me about twenty minutes in because time for ghosts is apparently nowhere near as linear as the rate of decay on a corpse.” He smiled wryly. “Go figure.”“But would Rora still need him for that even though she put herself back in her own body?” you asked, raising an eyebrow.“Yeah, no one’s figured that one out.” Maxi rolled his eyes, looking vaguely exhausted at the idea. “I’m thinkin’ it has somethin’ to do with her bein’ dead before and Hector never havin’ died to begin with, but between the three of us, we could argue for a month and still not be sure. You have to understand that most of this is just us makin’ educated guesses, angel.” He looked down at you. “Based on what we’ve done, or what we know someone before us did, we can maybe get an idea of how to reverse-engineer somethin’ like… well, that looks like Life. Even then,” he said, his mouth pressing into a line. “It’s still a lot less defined than any of us’d like to admit - hell, you showin’ sparks after the Masquerade blew to pieces half of what we knew about how this gets passed on,” he added. “And we were workin’ with a tentative theory as it was.”“…I’m guessing that because you haven’t mentioned it yet,” you said slowly, tilting your head to catch his eye in the dim light. “There’s no, like, handy book or anything on any of this. No one’s made a scrapbook or a recipe book or anything on how to bring back the dead and whatnot.”“Believe it or not, Darlin’, when the Demons that more or less own your family’s souls decide to hand out death magic,” Maxi said dryly. “They tend to get a little tetchy about people takin’ notes, yeah.”“What, because they’re Luddites?”Maxi rolled his eyes again, this time looking amused. “No, my gorgeous smartass,” he said affectionately, leaning down to kiss the top of your head. “I’m thinkin’ it’s just paranoia - if we somehow learned enough about how it works, maybe we wouldn’t necessarily need them for it. And if we didn’t need them for it,” he said, his voice growing hushed. “…Maybe we wouldn’t have to keep our end of the deal.”You weren’t sure what you were hearing, at first. You had almost subconsciously dismissed it as a breeze, until your conscious brain reminded you that very much was not a thing that could happen down here. Maxi seemed to hear it too, and after a brief exchanged glance, the two of you stopped dead and whipped around. Maxi scanned the tunnel you’d cleared so far with the flashlight, searching the nooks and crevices (and again, concerningly, the ceiling) with the beam. It illuminated nothing new - still that same never-ending dark, that same concerning substance on the floor that seemed to try and pass for dirt.But the longer you stood there, the more you realized what you were hearing wasn’t a breeze - it wasn’t air, moving of its own will.…It sounded like hissing, coming from further back in the tunnel. Like something there had been eavesdropping, and didn’t like what it had heard.You glanced at Maxi for an explanation just in time to see a rare ripple of actual fear across his face, before it became carefully neutral again. You swore you felt your insides go cold as he tugged you closer to him, turning back. “C’mon, baby. We need to go put some ice on that arm of yours.”You followed him immediately as he resumed a new, brisker pace, but couldn’t help to start to turn your head over your shoulder—“Don’t,” he whispered.You froze, looking at him instead to make sure you’d heard - and that this wasn’t simply another trick of the tunnel.He glanced at you out of the corner of his eye, shaking his head just enough to be perceptible to you in the dim light.You turned to face front again, trying to force yourself not to shiver at the chill that went down your spine by hugging his arm even tighter in your good one. He in turn kept you close to his side, though you saw the way his jaw set in your peripheral vision.“…Remind me,” he murmured, after a moment of the only other sounds being your footsteps and the shuffling of the corpse ahead. “I do actually need to teach you to shoot, if you don’t already know.”“I don’t,” you murmured back, your eyes now searching the shadows ahead as you went. You went briefly silent again as you wondered just how he’d made the leap from… whatever was behind you, to this. “…I might hate the answer to this question,” you said, your voice still low. “But does that… help? With…” You tilted your head just fractionally towards the space behind you, just enough for him to see.Maxi hesitated a moment himself. “It won’t stop everythin’, no,” he said in a near whisper. “But it’ll slow some of ‘em down enough to give you a chance.”Ah, you were right. You did hate that answer. You felt yourself swallow, your heart oddly speeding up more now at the thought of facing some unknown menace than it did the man whose face you’d ruined earlier —The face that now, down here in the dark, suddenly returned to you unbidden with no more tempting things to distract you.For a moment, you saw the Reverend in front of you again as you jammed your knife up into his soft palate through his chin, the particular expression on his face of almost shocked accusation muddied by undeniable fear. You knew where you recognized it from, you realized with a sickening twist of your stomach.It was the same expression Sky’s ghost had worn as she loomed next to her own casket at her funeral, as you stood with your shared friends in the front row.You hadn’t killed her, no. You hadn’t wielded that knife. But you stood there, holding hands for dear life with one of the people chiefly responsible for hiding what had happened to her.She’d looked between you and Maxi and her own prone body, thankfully silent during her mother’s tearful eulogy, but only because her gaze communicated everything she needed to say. The raw anger at her situation and your inability to stop it. The sadness of having everything torn from her so young.Your chest ached as your heart felt like it was moving too fast for the space between muscle and bone it occupied. What did it mean? Broussard was a bonafide bastard, Sky was an innocent bystander. But how they could gaze at you in just the same way, at their moments of facing an unknown forever — was that gaze going to follow you, now? Were you going to see this across multiple faces, over decades?“Hey, darlin’, ease up in there a little. It’s going to be okay.” You were roused from your growing spiral by Maxi gently disentangling his arm from yours, looping it instead over your shoulders and pulling you protectively to his side. You looked up, seeing him regarding you watchfully - and realized your own too-truthful heart had given you away again through your shared Marks. He must have thought it had sped up at the thought of… whatever monstrous shape you might have to defend yourself against, though, rather than what was going on in your head. “I’m not gonna let anythin’ happen to you,” he said softly, his dark eyes solemn as a grave. “I swear to you on everythin’ I have, you’re safe with me. Nothin’s going to get to you as long as I’m alive. …Or after, if I can figure out how to work that out ahead of time,” he added thoughtfully. He looked back to you, giving you a small, reassuring smile. “Teachin’ you to shoot - or anything else - is just for peace of mind, okay? I’m not ever plannin’ on leavin’ you where you’d have to defend yourself alone. I just… want to know that you can. And I figured you would too, is all.” He shrugged a shoulder, and you could tell he was trying to be casual for the sake of his nerves and yours. “But don’t ever think you’re goin’ to have to face… anythin’ like that,” he said, jerking his head over his shoulder. “Without me. Because there’s no way in the world I’d ever let that happen. I promise you.”You looked up at him, feeling your heart finally start to slow down a little in the gaze you’d come to love. If anyone would understand, it was the man standing next to you. “I know, love.” You moved your good arm so it was around Maxi’s waist, hugging it just to see him smile more. “It wasn’t… quite that, that I was worried about,” you explained, sighing a little as you felt the tension starting to release from your shoulders. You hadn’t realized just how quickly you’d let your fear pretzel you up — you’d have to watch that, if this was something you were going to want to keep helping him with. “But I’ll tell you later, I swear,” you said, seeing his brow furrow in concern. “I just got in my own head about something, is all.”Maxi hummed softly, leaning down to kiss your temple again. “I know what that’s like, angel, believe me,” he said, straightening back up with a new rueful air to his smile. “But you know you can bring that to me, and we’ll figure out how to sort it out.”“I know,” you said, unable to help a smile of his own. And you did. God knew how many times Maxi had seen the same look on people’s faces, over how many decades, and he was still the person you loved more than anything in the world. If he could do this, and still be the person you adored… then you could still be you, for the most part. Right?You thought back to Sky’s funeral, where Maxi had seen her too. He had moved to wrap his arms around your waist from behind, holding you protectively under the guise of appearing only comforting. He’d kissed your cheek, watching Sky over your shoulder while reassuring you in a low, soft whisper it was going to be okay. Standing there with his support, you had stared right back at Sky, your hands folding over his where they rested on your stomach. You knew full well what choice you’d been making at that moment - you’d loved her, true. But Maxi was your home in ways she had never been. You knew what you were choosing, as much as it had pained you to lose her.And you’d chosen him again today. And you knew, in your own heart, you would keep choosing him no matter the cost. He’d seen and adored even the parts of you that frightened you most, just as you did with him and his. You were each other’s, and you would fight like hell - or fight Hell, either way - to keep him.You couldn’t imagine sharing a dark like this - especially this literal one - with anyone else.You looked back to him as he paused, the flashlight finding Broussard’s tilting corpse staring at a wall that had seemed to come from nowhere. You realized as Maxi panned the flashlight around that you were in some sort of antechamber - a place of stone hollowed out and widening, something larger than the tunnel itself.As his flashlight landed on the far wall, you could just make out a dark wooden door set in the stone - black, except for the occasional group of scratches into the wood that looked alarmingly like something had tried to slash its way in.Maxi sighed at the sight, and you could hear he was dealing with his own tangle of emotions. “We’re home,” he muttered, glancing down at you with another small, rueful smile.You looked towards the door, realizing you’d never been in the Basement before.It looked like today was going to be a day of all kinds of firsts.-Hex wasn’t sure how long he’d been stretched out over the couch, the same low-fi station looping through his headphones and Magnolia sitting motionless on his sock feet. He’d been given his own room in the House since he’d said he’d wanted to stay, of course - he’d moved back into the one he’d used to call home on the second floor, when he’d stay here for months at a time with his cousins under the supervision of Tio Vincent and Tia Mathilde. His own parents had always tried to make it sound like a vacation, whenever he left his father’s house or his mom’s family in Mexico. But there was nothing vacation-like about the House whenever he’d stayed here - even in the summers, when he didn’t have to attend school with the rest of the kids from town, it still felt enough like a school here with his daily “Preparations” that it had been years before he felt like he ever really got a break. It maybe explained why he always felt the need to be planning or searching while he was here, lest the ghost of his uncle appear with a stern face and a snide remark about putting Hex’s hands and mind to work if he couldn’t find something to do with them.…Although he guessed he didn’t have to worry about that particular fear anymore, since Vincent was back in his body and had gone off god knows where to do god knows what after the Masquerade.Fuck, but that was one more thing they’d have to do something about, wasn’t it?On his laptop resting on his stomach, he already had more than a few tabs open - at least half were dedicated to tracking the car he’d snapped a photo of earlier, with a scan of the photo itself now his desktop background. It was just aesthetic enough that he could pretend it was a shot he was proud of, if anyone asked: an older car going down a Louisiana backroad near sunset was rustic, folksy, something he could use with your average Greymoon local to drum up business. While they might not be down for his memorial photography, they’d eat this sort of romanticization of their familiar little town, as though it wasn’t exactly like a million others in the Parish.But it was mostly there so he could keep the license plate within view. Not that he hadn’t memorized it already, having stared at it for so long by now.The actual photo was already hanging next to his bed, the curious swirls of light in the back windshield the first thing he’d see every morning when he woke up. A reminder that there were still interesting things out there, even in this little dump of a town. Mysteries to be seen and solved. Colors to play with, when he got his hands on them.He’d managed to track down a buyer and an address in the public record, but that was assuming this person - (woman, he’d thought, but hanging out with FT had taught him not to assume) - hadn’t bought it with a handshake and some cash off another local and then forgotten to file the title transfer. He was currently putting it through image searching sites trying to see if he could track it back to some sort of social media, see if he couldn’t attach a face to the hair he could just make out in the rear windshield. He was also using a couple old tricks to look for parking tickets or anything else he could dig up in the Greymoon police server, as well as looking into the couple of repair shops in town to see if he could crack into whatever they had on file for cars with a similar make and model. He had a couple guesses at whatever the too-loud internal noise was, which would help him narrow it down some, but he’d still have to ask Maxi to be sure.The thing about small towns, especially in states like this one, were that their infrastructure was usually so shitty that he almost reliably could get into the cloud storage of a lot of places without it being too much of a time suck. He’d taken quickly to computers in school, back when they were first really becoming available there, and what he’d learned in the decades since meant he could easily know the majority of a new muse’s current life before they’d ever actually seen his face.It was amazing just how much people were willing to mistake someone knowing what to ask and how to ask something for someone actually Knowing them. Everyone was desperate to tell you who they were, and to be seen. All they were usually looking for themselves, he’d found, was another pair of eyes that they didn’t mind doing the looking.So where Maxi got by on Southern hospitality and a certain kind of charm, and Rora got by on people out here still being stuck twenty years behind and thus terrified by intelligent women, he’d chosen just being the one who knew how to look, and where.So far, it was working for him, he thought as he managed to find a photo of a nearby park with the car in the parking lot.The other half of his tabs were dedicated to the strange man from earlier - he’d tracked down the clip about the fire from the news station, currently having the frame frozen on the man walking out of the scorched courtyard. He’d taken a screenshot and run the face through every search engine he could think of, but turned up nothing. No socials, no mention of him having anything to do with NOPD, and no photos of him showing up on any websites for the city’s major events and busiest places. Not even an abandoned page obviously years out of date. It was like he was a fucking ghost.But he wasn’t, was he? No, because then Hex would’ve been able to see even a dim glow, a trace of essence - something to mark out how he was tied into the larger web of the world around him. The man was too solid to be a spirit, too clearly whole and aware to be a revenant, too devoid of color to be entirely human. He was just… there.No, Hector clarified to himself. He was here. That was the problem.Or it would be, if he couldn’t figure out what this dude’s fucking deal—He about jumped out of his skin at the feeling of a hand on his shoulder, ripping his earbuds out and barely managing not to drop his laptop to the floor as he grabbed the wrist of—Final Them, doing their best to flinch back even as he held on to them, their essence a bright strip of surprise at the edges of their person. “I’m sorry! I’m sorry, dude, I didn’t realize you were busy,” they squeaked, eyes wide with both apology and nerves. “Maxi and I were going to grab a snack, I wanted to check if you wanted something.”“Goddamn, prima,” Hex sighed, immediately letting go of their arm. “It’s fine, just… Come around front and wave next time, would you? Save us both the heart attack.” He tried to give them a smile, running a hand through his hair — only to pause, seeing the arm he hadn’t grabbed wrapped next to their chest in a sling. “Oh, fuck. Are you okay?” He gave them a closer look, seeing them looking freshly showered - sans any of their usual makeup, in an old t-shirt he remembered being Maxi’s and some sweatpants - and tilted his head. “Damn, what happened? I thought you guys were just at that brunch.” He blinked, raising an eyebrow. “You have to fight one of your girls? You could’ve called me, I would’ve backed you up.”FT rolled their eyes, and he felt relieved to see at least the quirk of a smile at his joke. “No, but I’ll keep that in mind the next time we’re all arguing about where to go eat.” Their smile dropped a little, that slight trace of anxiousness returning to their face. “Uh… things got hectic at our errand after, you could say.” They shrugged their free shoulder, looking just the tiniest bit sheepish. “I was being new and it came back to bite me, kind of.”Hector blinked, tilting his head as he tried to decode what the fuck they’d just said… until his eyes widened suddenly with the realization. “Oh, shit. For real?” He looked back at the sling with an expression that was half concern, half impressed. “My cousin let you get that close to the action, huh?”“Um.” Final Them’s eyes shifted down to their feet for a moment before coming back up to meet his. “I kind of… was the one that started it.”Hex felt himself staring, his eyebrows climbing even further up his forehead. “Started it how? Like you… what? Found the guy? Got him there? Dang,” he nodded, actually kind of impressed. “I was sure Maxi would’ve had you in bubblewrap in the Hearse the whole time. Good for you, new kid.”It was the way FT tried to smile but didn’t speak that made him pause - the way their eyes found the floor again and they shuffled slightly. Even as they looked back up, opening their mouth, Hex had already put it together. He felt his jaw drop, just slightly - it was rare anything really surprised him anymore.“No shit,” he breathed, cutting FT off mid-syllable. “You mean started it-started it.” He let out a small, shocked laugh, looking again at their arm. “You’re telling me my cousin actually let you pop your cherry?”“If you wanna keep your tongue where it belongs, you’ll rephrase that.” The bright aortic red of his cousin and the familiar drawl made him look around. Maxi was leaning against the doorframe to the kitchen, arms folded over his chest. He was similarly in sweats and a tank top, his hair drooping slightly into one eye over his glasses as it was free from its usual gel. Hex rolled his eyes. “They know what I mean, relax.” He knew Maxi was protective and kind of old fashioned about how people talked to his Person, but Jesus. He looked back to FT, nodding to their arm. “So what happened there? They put up a fight? You had to put their shit back in line?”“They grabbed me first,” Final Them said, their voice quiet. “I… did what I needed to, after that. But only after they yanked like a motherfucker.” They rolled their eyes, but he was relieved to see they didn’t seem too shellshocked.“Well damn, good for you.” Hex clapped them supportively on their good shoulder, beaming. “You look like you came out of it okay, other than the arm — it’s easy to get all up in your own head after, fret about the whole ‘oh no my life is changed forever what if I’m a monster?’ shit. I knew you’d be on top of your shit, though,” he added, with a note of pride. “I told Ror you probably already had it in you somewhere—““We’re gonna talk about that a bit more in time,” Maxi cut in, giving Hex a glare before looking soothingly over at FT, who did, admittedly, look a little anxious right now. “And you didn’t finish him, baby,” he reminded them, giving them what looked like a reassuring smile. “So don’t let yourself get too in your own head yet, okay? This doesn’t have to be anythin’ you don’t want it to be… debut or otherwise.” He shot Hector another pointed look.Hector rolled his eyes again, as he often did when he was talking to his oldest cousin. “Okay, well,” he suppressed a sigh, looking back to FT. “If you do decide you wanna celebrate, we’ll do something for it, okay?” He gave them a playful nudge, seeing them starting to get the faraway look of someone overthinking. “And however you feel, don’t get too bent out of shape about it, okay? Knowing some people,” he shot Maxi a look in turn. “It was probably some asshole whose whole biography he researched and fact-checked to make sure they met his ridiculous standards first, so it was probably someone who definitely deserved to be on the end of- what’d you use?” He asked, his lips pursing thoughtfully. “I didn’t think you’d picked a favorite yet.”“Just my knife,” Final Them said quietly, shrugging again. “Same one I had at the Masquerade.” They paused, frowning. “Should I have used something else?” They looked from him to Maxi, and he could see he gleam of curiosity there.“Oh, prima,” Hex waved a hand. “We’re gonna get you something more fun than that, for real. That’s half the point, anyway. I know Maxi probably has a few Listons he doesn’t use anymore, but if you want something more aesthetically interesting, we’ve got straight razors around here somewhere—“ “Whatever you want to use is fine, darlin’,” Maxi cut in, leaving the doorway to come loom next to his partner. “It doesn’t have to be fancy, that’s not what this has to be about for you.” He looked at Hector again, making it clear who he was actually talking to. “And I’ll have you know,” he added quietly, as Hector felt himself open his mouth to argue. After looking briefly over his shoulder towards the rest of the House, he looked back, face grim. “It was Broussard.”Hex stopped dead, feeling his face change entirely. “Shut the fuck up.” He stared at Maxi for a long moment, searching his face for something, anything to go off of. “That was who you started them out on?” He nodded towards Final Them. “You know damn well we weren’t gonna get him back here for shit to do with us,” Maxi said, his voice hushed. “They volunteered to be the lure. As things shook out,” he added, with a slightly sour expression Hex couldn’t read. “They happened to be the one to draw first blood, too. But we need to talk,” he added, his face serious. “I think—““Uh, no shit we need to talk,” Hex cut in, spreading his arms frustratedly. “You could’ve told me. You knew I hated that bastard, I would’ve wanted in.”“It’s not about that right now,” Maxi shook his head. “Besides, I wanted to keep it quick, especially if they were involved.” He jerked his head towards his partner, who was looking between the two cousins with wide eyes. “I could’ve been quick,” Hex argued. “What the fuck, dude.”“Hex, if I had problems keepin’ it short, god knows you would’ve,” Maxi shot back. “I needed efficiency, not a performance today—““It’s not my fault if I take my time with it, it’s the process,” Hex snapped. “God knows you’d probably get more out of this shit if you actually let yourself enjoy it for once, y’know?”“Hex, that is so not the point right now,” Maxi rolled his eyes. “I’m tryin’ to tell you—““But when isn’t it the point? We’re stuck doing it anyway,” Hex said, gesturing widely. “If you don’t actually take the time to make something beautiful with it, what is it besides a waste?”“We have more important things to discuss right now besides philosophy and aesthetics,” Maxi hissed, pinching the bridge of his nose. “Would you just—““That is literally your whole problem, what you decide is ‘important’ and what isn’t,” Hex threw his hands up. “Shit doesn’t have to be practical to matter, bro, and if you would just—““Hector, there was someone in the church,” Maxi’s hiss turned to a full growl, patience gone.Hex stopped, blinking. “Wait… you saw them too?” He cocked his head.Maxi balked. “The fuck do you mean, ‘saw them too’? Who did you see?”“I think I found my next Link,” Hex said, and finally saying it out loud after thinking about it all afternoon felt both freeing and somehow final. It was real. It was really happening. “Or like, even if they aren’t a Link, they just feel, like… important somehow, I can’t explain it. There was this girl — person,” he added, looking to FT. “Person, y’know, because I don’t know for sure, but she— they,” he corrected quickly. “Were looking around inside earlier, y’know. Probably taking photos, whatever, same touristy thing as always. But the way their color looked, dude,” Hex shook his head, his eyes dreamily distant as he saw it again in front . “I’m gonna have to show you, because I don’t know how to describe it otherwise—““Hector,” Maxi said, the gravity voice bringing him back down to earth in a hurry. “When did you see this… person, in the church?”Hector focused again, blinking. “This afternoon, after—“ He froze, his eyes going between Maxi and FT. “I saw someone in the cemetery. Someone different,” he clarified. He pointed to FT, making them blink in surprise. “Do you remember that dude from the fire? That guy on the news? I think it was him.”“What do you mean, ‘the dude from the fire’?” Maxi’s hush was coming undone as he looked more exasperated.Hector picked up his laptop, clicking to the frozen frame and showing it to FT. “This guy, right? You said you saw him at the Masquerade with us?”FT’s eyes went wider still, gently supporting Hector’s laptop with their good arm. “…Yeah,” they nodded, looking more alarmed by the minute. “He saw me there. He wasn’t standing with anyone else, and I thought we were both new, remember? You saw him here?” They looked from Hector to Maxi, the faintest edge of panic in their eyes now. “What does that mean?”Maxi’s eyes were locked on the screen, his expression that carefully controlled stoicness that made Hex’s gut twist whenever he saw it. “…Well. Considerin’ that’s who I was tryin’ to follow out of the church,” he said slowly. “Probably nothin’ good.” He shook his head with a short, frustrated sigh. “I can’t believe I didn’t place him earlier. He was right there, what the hell.”“No, dude, I know exactly what you mean,” Hex closed the laptop and set it back on the couch before folding his arms. “When I saw him earlier, right? I kept getting the feeling like I just wanted to look right past him. Like the minute I looked away, I’d forget he was there, right?”Maxi looked back to Hector. “That’s exactly what happened to me. I knew I saw someone, but when I followed him,” he gestured frustratedly. “Nothin’.”“No, he did the same thing to me! Like, just disappeared when you weren’t looking, right?” Hex found himself rubbing his upper arms as though he had a chill. “Man, what the fuck.”“You get ghosted again, Hexie?” He saw the flash of green just as he heard her voice - Rora entered, in what have been a casual saunter if not for the slightest limp. She paused next to the knot of them, her eyes traveling between them with a vaguely bored expression - until she landed on FT. “Now what’d you get into, sweetpea?” She clicked her tongue, glancing up at Maxi with a frown. “You gettin’ careless already?”Maxi, already annoyed, bristled - only for FT to set their free hand against his chest. “I was helping Maxi with something for the House,” they said. Hector didn’t miss how their eyes and Maxi’s flicked to his in a silent ask. He gave them both the tiniest nod when Rora wasn’t looking, even as he shot Maxi an annoyed look. They could settle the Broussard thing later, when the main target of his cruelty wasn’t around to hear about it. Hell, knowing her, she’d be just as mad as him that she wasn’t given a whack at the bastard. But he’d let that be Maxi’s problem.“Hmm.” Rora leaned closer to their bruised arm, frowning at it before leaning a little too close to inspect their face. To their credit, FT didn’t flinch - which made Rora smile just as much as it did Hex. Rora liked to tease. “Well, if you’re still sore, I have a few things you can put on it. Homemade. Take the burn right out. Though you might feel a couple other things instead, dependin’,” she added with a smirk.“I’m fine,” FT said, smiling a little themselves. “Thank you, though. I’ll take you up on it later if need be.”“What happened to you, though?” Hex asked, nodding at her leg. Rora normally wore dresses, sure, but this one seemed to have an especially long skirt compared to the ones she usually had on around the House. “You fall out a tree?”“I wouldn’t have, if someone had come with me when I asked,” she said, shooting him a look. “I hope whatever pretty thing you ended up chasin’ was worth it.”Hex opened his mouth to argue, but Maxi held up a hand. “We have bigger problems.”“Don’t we always, though,” Rora sighed, folding her arms across her chest again. “What is it this time?”“Did you see anyone at the cemetery earlier?” FT asked.Rora paused, and after so many years, Hex didn’t miss the way her tongue ever so briefly darted out over her lower lip. “I wasn’t there, sugar. Haven’t been all day.”Now that’s weird. Why would she lie about that? He found himself turning towards her, subtly, keeping an eye on her face for more.“Anyone near the church, then?” Maxi tried. “Unless you weren’t near there either.”“Believe it or not, mistletoe isn’t known to grow on marble and granite, or old plaster,” Rora rolled her eyes, looking to her brother. “No, I wasn’t there. Now what’d you see already that you’re so worried about?” She looked between them, then back to Hex, fractionally quirking an eyebrow. Her own kind of silent ask, trying to see what he knew. “You know how Prima here said they saw someone at the Masquerade, and then they saw them on the news with the cops?” Hex nodded towards FT as he spoke. “Same guy showed up today in the cemetery, when I was alone. Maxi saw the same guy later, when he was… handling an offering,” he said, catching himself just in time.Rora frowned, looking to Maxi. “In the church?” She studied him, tilting her head. “That’s… old fashioned.”“Circumstances worked out better there,” Maxi said simply, folding his own arms. He was a good liar, Hex knew, but he had a hard time lying to Rora. Always had. Rora stared at him a moment longer… before at last frowning, looking to FT. “Now, I swear, I know you showed us whoever the hell it is you’re talkin’ about--““But you can’t remember him,” Hex jumped in, pointing to her. “Right?”Rora frowned harder still, shaking her head slowly. “And I tend to be one to remember faces,” she said, somewhat to herself. “With all the little muscles and everythin’.”“…So why did I remember him?” FT spoke up, causing the three of them to look around. They looked concernedly back to Maxi, then the other two. “After the Masquerade. I could still remember what he looked like enough to recognize him on the news, right?”Maxi paused, his face that quiet kind of stoic again as he looked back to FT. Hex found himself focusing on that - was this making him nervous? “I don’t know, sugar,” Maxi admitted. “It could be it’s because you were new, at the time.”“That would mean he’s got some sort of… ability, enchantment, what have you,” Rora said, gesturing in a loose little circle. “To get past people like us. Which is… worryin’, to say the least.”Hex blinked, looking to her. “Can that exist?”“Anything can, if you can figure out how to make it,” Rora shrugged her shoulders as if they were talking about crafting a birdhouse. “And if he does, then that means a number of things, potentially.”“Like what?” Maxi asked.“Well,” Rora started counting on her right hand from her thumb. “Someone knows how to either avoid the gaze of all the families who have a deal with They Who Provide. Or at least our family. Which means in turn that someone either just figured out how to make this - meanin’ they were tryin’ to get by Maxi, because they didn’t know about either of us,” she said, gesturing between herself and Hector. “Or they’ve made it before… which in turn means they’ve come after us before, too,” she said quietly. Hex was silent along with his cousins, the three of them looking between each other. This felt too much like when they were younger, knowing that one of them was getting the belt that night for something that wasn’t their fault. But this was someone else - someone they didn’t know - coming with something likely worse than a belt.“…But these are all just theories right now,” FT spoke up again, shattering the silence. “Right? We don’t know which one is accurate,” they said, glancing to Maxi. “And the worst case scenario might not be the one we’re dealing with.”Hex saw Maxi’s guarded face crack into the tiniest bit of a smile… huh. That was new. In all their years together, he hadn’t seen a lot that could do that. “No,” Maxi agreed, gently nudging FT with his elbow. “You’re right. Maybe not.” He worried his lower lip with his teeth, thinking. “…We’ll have to keep an eye out,” he said quietly. “Do some askin’ around. See if anyone else in town has seen him too. …Maybe even some of the other Families,” he added with a sigh.Hex felt his nose wrinkle at the thought. “Good luck, dude.” The other Families, in his experience, had always been snooty, stuck-up assholes who were all convinced their discipline was the most important and best way to serve They Who Provide. Even if they paled in comparison to Death, as most things did.Even if they cowered from the people who wielded it, as most of them tended to do.Maxi opened his mouth, looking like he was about to retort, when a vibration from FT’s pocket drew his attention. Hector couldn’t help but note the oddly tense frown that came over him as FT checked the notification… which deepened as they then showed it to him.“I’m gonna go call her,” FT said quietly, only for Maxi to nod. They looked back to himself and Rora with a shadow of their usual smile. “I’ll see y’all later.”They headed off in the direction of the stairs, Maxi watching them go with the same little ridiculous lovestruck expression he had whenever they walked away from him. Hex fought the urge to roll his eyes - it never surprised him that Maxi hadn’t been able to finish FT off. They were chill, sure. Hex had never seen anyone make Maxi laugh in their entire lives as much as he had since he’d first run into them in October, and that was after they’d straight up slapped him in the face. They’d grown on him.But he knew there was no way he’d catch himself making the same mistake. The point of an Obsession was temptation to begin with - someone you loved most in the world, that you’d be willing to walk away from They Who Provide for, in exchange for whatever simple little mortal life they could give you.Whatever they threw at him, Hector knew there was nothing he wanted more than the mantle. There never would be. Whoever they picked to be his Obsession would end up on a blade, no matter what.As Final Them’s footsteps ascended, Maxi took his glasses all the way off for a moment, running his hand down his face. Hex blinked - this was a top tier red flag, in the grand visual dictionary that was his cousin. “…You good, bro?”Maxi hesitated a moment, pinching the bridge of his nose before at last putting his glasses back on. “…Either of y’all care for a drink?” Rora blinked herself, looking to Hex for a moment before cocking her head to observe her twin. “Well, if you’re havin’ one.”“I am,” Maxi sighed, his shoulders sagging. “Maybe a couple.” He looked to Hex, a tinge of irritation visible through the exhaustion. “We have somethin’ else to talk about.” He glanced to Rora, who was looking between the two of them with a pleasantly scandalized expression. “You, too.”“Well, color me intrigued,” Rora about purred, smirking. She slipped past Maxi towards the kitchen, still with a touch of a limp. “I vote we have some of the good bourbon.”“We’re gonna need it,” Maxi muttered, glancing once more at Hector before following her in.Hex lingered for a moment, watching the twins’ respective lights leave the room only to fill the one beyond. For another beat, he waited, listening to the sudden total absence of sound anywhere else in the House. No creaking floorboards. No distant wailing. No close, mercurial whispers.This was a Hush. The House effectively holding its breath.Something big was shifting, or about to be.With a last, hesitant glance towards his laptop - and all the tantalizing fun his new target had to offer - he followed his family into the kitchen, morbidly curious to hear whatever other bomb Maxi was about to drop on them.Whatever it was, it couldn’t be worse than this weird shadow of a man that was poking around town, presumably in places to do with them. Right?
  