"Well, that should be enough, right?" A hand fastens leather straps on a compound of items secured in one large and small bag. Tom can hear their fizzle somewhat from inside a small pouch clinging to the side of his hip.
His ear whispers their fizzling tones to him. Stacks of small crystals slotted inside are known to be somewhat rowdy when bundled together. Something about feeding each other...
He wasn't worried about it, not as they held a ringed casing around their widest place exactly to avoid instability. Especially when bundled together.
Supplies and products from his homeland secured, at last, Tommy stretches out on the outskirts of the city he lived in for quite a bundle of years. A city of proud advancements and architectural achievements teeming in a landscape of stone and forests. Walls of similar stone carved out from the surrounding themselves over the years made the metropolis' surrounding bulwark blend in the environments, a particularly difficult place to seek out for first-time wanderers and merchants.
The square that it makes also serves to conceal the techno-magical wonders within behind a seemingly simple, rustic slab of hand-sliced lumps of rocks merged. Many newcomers welcomed in the bowels could only slake their jaws wide open for so long before being accosted by a local with slight worry on their face.
Tommy, or Tom, was going the opposite way. Finalizing the, well, the last thing on a list of supplies he thought he'd need for his two-way travel. A thing among many other things all registered on a simple, ink-stained piece of paper he lifts to his eyes. Everything packed on his crate, his pouch, his leather bag...
-Rations
-Spare clothes
-Miscellaneous earth-working equipment
-General-purpose booster quartz as a set
-etc
And the list goes on and on. He checked twice, then thrice, making sure everything was in here, mumbling to himself as he scratches his head. Every piece he looked at was passed through his recollection of shelving them in order "I really do not want to go back midway just because I somehow managed to forget something back home..."
Today was the beginning of a slightly unusual trip. As unusual as anything close to traveling to a pen pal's corner to help set up space for a newly built residence. Starring at the place that saw him live and shape as one of its many many architectural workers, it was a fun opportunity for him to leave the cradle. Not that he hated his place of origin. It was a manner of 'wanting to play in the town's trade' in a place already neatly filled with all buildings it'd ever need.
Everything is cradled on his person, making him something of a human mule. A crate on his back, a bag in his hand, and his pouch, Tom goes along the road, giving his natal city one last glance. His colleagues, his friends, and family, he'll miss them for the time being. But, this was a chance to build something, one that nobody here ever ignores.
So he goes, boots on the road and a hand on a pic. The distance, however vast it ultimately was to be, mattered little with it on his hand. Years of distanced sending and receiving, all cumulated into this picture he holds. A promise for two pen pals to offer a stylized depiction of each other fulfilled.
Tommy was looking down at the beautiful portrait of a woman somehow in his age range. A blond knot of hair was attached, shaped into a small sphere of pure gold. Two bands fell to the side, adorning each of her cheeks. not a strand was left out of place.
Her immortalized eyes, caught in this picture, were as clear and brilliant as the sky under which he walks, a compliment to the mundane olive he bears. They shine in a lustrous manner with this heart-throbbing smile, setting a cinnamon glaze on her glistening, natural-colored lips. Tom was sure that he could taste--
"Ok, hum, enough idle staring". He shakes his head, forcefully tucking the pic back in his pockets before continuing in his marching. A march going far, far into uncharted lands. Cities, villages, settlements, he passes many of them in his power walking. The weight of supplies wasn't something that bothered him much in his apprentice architecture days. The city he hailed from has architects and foremen plowing the lands as much as the workers, making them a true unit, a tight clad of colleagues. Tom was not looking to be an exception to this unspoken tradition.
However, this was nowhere close to the issue that was facing him right now "Huh, the contact said she'd be here..." Going to meet his pen pal in person wasn't his idea, it was hers. The distance between them made sure to postpone any proposition...so he thought. Until she wrote to him, requesting to meet. The pen and the ink weren't enough for her...though it likely wasn't for him either. Some friend of hers apparently has a transport to make the hop easier, make the traveling easier on his feet.
All this 'contact' asked was for him to go far enough in some space verdant. As it stood, a few villages ahead, there was the Forest of a Hundred Thousand Bulks seemingly inexhaustible in resources of any kind. It was a place universally protected by every settlement close by, including Tom's metropolis.
Here he went to, searching for some shade to unload his stuff. "Good grief, finally. Eugh...thought my back would just collapse. Man, this stuff is heavier than I expected..." his miracle corner came to him by the sight of some odd, purple..."Huh? What's that?"
Some purple, idle something stood hidden, barely visible in the basking sun and the strong shade it ironically offered. It was brushing the depth of a heightened branch, hanging from it like a fruit. As far as he could tell, it was indeed a fruit. Something shaped like an apple. But it was alone...
Tom sets his stuff down, ignoring the relief of the shadows as his curiosity was peaked by this anomalous 'fruit'. The lonely one of its kind, sitting amidst the shadows and surrounding of other trees with more normal fruits. He does so, lured by its spiky-like form, somewhat similar to the apples that populate the distant and nearby trees.
He does, never noticing the noticeable yellow glare glimmering in the darkness of the leaves, between them. The swirling tail coiling at the base of the branch, mixing a lighter and deep shade of purple. So absorbed in this unseemingly fruit that Tom doesn't even see the furry, fluffy hand quietly plucking the fruit away, letting it fall into his hand long before the idea of climbing it to reach it came to his mind.
Despite his sharpened appearance, falling in his hand was more akin to that of its more normal cousins. A solid, smooth apple. The inherent jagged edges he saw it from were nothing more than slightly poking ends, nowhere near serrated enough to hurt him. In fact, it felt...somewhat offended that his first seconds of grabbing it was a wary one like he thought it would.
It was, in account, like every other fruit. A refreshing something waiting to be bitten on a scorching day under the baking sun. Tom did consider it, looking somehow more enticing than the best apple he ever took a bite out of. But that bite, the watery juices that awaited his tongue and tastebuds would never come.
For the moment he looked to approach this anomalous fruit for a closer, more intimate look, a voice wormed itself at his ear, full of grinning feminity "Recipient has been secured. Prepare for transport~
"What?!" Tom's eyes follow the trail of the voice and his eyes widen, locked in a visual joust with that of a grin masked in leaves. White, cat teeth and yellow, piercing irises. A presence he only now feels pressing down the branches.
"See you on the other side, hot shot~. A wink from the entity sets his mind alit, even with its disappearing face of utter glee. His alerted state compels him a striving set of glances all around the shadowy place, again, ignorant of the 'fruit' he picked that was...glowing. Fizzling like a broken current.
Its static release of lightning arcs and chaffing air got Tom's attention like a startled man holding an active explosive. Quickly, he had to throw it! He didn't know what it was about to do or how far its reach was, but...
He had to throw it far away!
He arcs his hand in a far hurl, hoping to spit it away from anyone anywhere. And with how wide and far this forest is, there's was a good chance it'd land in somewhere isolated--
It was too late...the 'fruit' spilled out into a lightless fog of violet splendor. It spreads out into a certain radius, seemingly making sure to have whatever...or whoever it wanted in its influential sphere within. In this case, him...
And then, before reaction, before he could widen his eyes at the sudden spread of violet, it all absorbed back into this small thing he was holding. Like a rift closing in, taking scraps of reality itself, it was distorting the surrounding space, taking him, his supply, everything he brought him with into somewhere, swallowing him and it like a black hole, leaving the environment virtually untouched...
---
"Ahh! Ahhh! Where am I?! Where am I?!!!!!" Panic coats his voice, stuttering and altered, snuffed in partial quiet by the violent draft. A draft from wind that seemed to pour into him, rapidly attacking his entire body in its attempt at stemming his fall, seemingly doing nothing more than feed him the increased speed at which he was dropping. A rock couldn't have hoped to catch as much fall flight as he did.
A fall, but where? Tom couldn't tell. Not with the ambient darkness surrounding him, blurring any sense of direction, sight, or anything beyond the draft that was coating his every inch. He feels like he was dropping deeper into an endless abyss, a dark well that had welcomed him in its void maw.
Fear that he would forever fall was, however, eclipsed by shades appearing from the very depth of this bottomless fall. Colors, all vibrant, glossy colors quickly approaching. Before long, no more darkness encroaching him. The cerulean was now of a light pink adorned with violet, marshmallow-looking clouds.
"EH?! What, wait--" Tom's eyes snap upward while the rest of his body spun midair, in complete disbelief. Looking up to where he fell from, only a shrinking, shutting hole remained, before it collapsed on itself, shut close like it never was meant to be opened.
The fall had a less darkened sight to offer him. A strange land mapped itself from the very height he was losing. The salmon-colored sky and its oddly edible-looking clouds of violet flesh and suspiciously pinker lighting were but the least...conspicuous of things to him. Even the odd and sudden leap of what looked like a pink thunderbolt between them, as abnormal and far from what he ever saw, was, compared to the detailing lower grounds coming closer to his view.
Serpentine things thick and massive from nearby space, leading up, up in the high beyond, dozens upon dozens of them. Many branches of the whole bulk seemed to spread outward, higher than any tree he ever has seen before. They shaped like gigantic, undulating trees, their variant, of black bulk and azure foliages, leading even bigger shadows underneath them.
Not far from them and to the increasing proximity to his eyes are massive rivers of equally pink water alongside hundreds of dots standing next to them. As the fall further lured him downward in this spiral, Tommy could see the shape of creatures lapping at its edges and others in its watery embrace. Many of them quite enjoyed the shadow of the azure leaves sprouted from the licorice black bulks of these...trees.
These were the most in-his-eye things meeting with Tom, only for him to realize that, though these anomalous things were something of a strange, strange wonder to the eyes to admire...
...he was still falling.
"Damn! Damn, damn, damn! I'm still--how do I--sh-help!" Panic returned ten-fold to the architect, seeing no way to survive a fall this inhumanly high. No place he'd land to would allow his survival. Only death seemed to be waiting for him at his inevitable contact with the strange, exotic soil...or lakes underneath the decreasing height of his.
Until it no longer was...
In the vast, perpetual dawn-tinted skies of this...place, a shadow he could not see screeched from the distance. A pure white light seemed to accompany it, flying at speeds that would make dragons blush as its form was impossible to discern from the sheer velocity it was screening. The air wanted nothing to stop its graceful velocity, even as it seemed to have full control over this barely controllable dashing.
In an instant, time seemed to have slowed to a crawl for Tom, seeing this blur approaching him, the sky, not drained of color from where he stood, luring him to the one thing that was seemingly glowing. In this moment of altered time brought by pure burning adrenaline, he saw her.
...his pen pal.
A blond-haired woman with eyes as glimmering as the cerulean of his home tearing the drafting winds apart as she dashed forward, hands wide and open, ready to intercept him seemingly out of nothing but his scream for help, swallowed whole by the current. The picture had robbed Tom of the idea that she could have a stern, solemn expression on that peerless visage of hers. And yet, a womanly knight could only hope to have such a stern, focused expression as she projected at this moment.
In an instant, he was cupped in her hands, embraced by a mix of armor and silky filament, giving it more prevalence to the real deal than even that of the one tucked in his pockets. It was as resplendent and venerable as the one he holds so close to him. As solid and staunch in its protective duty as he expected.
But, for now, it was but a sideline to the woman wearing it, spurred into spiraling zig-zags closer and closer to the ground. Before then, his panic, wholesale dread was replaced with confusion. He no longer felt the dashing winds and sense of imminent doom that was looking to welcome him in a brutal fashion.
No, the air was now tranquil, still. Almost peaceful. 
"Eh?"
"Ahh, we finally meet, my pen pal."
"Huh...what?" Tom was still seeing the plummeting sky before it just...stopped. Shadows masked his time under the sun, the grass could convey their slightly sweet aroma to his nostrils, the trees were much, much bigger than he anticipated when they were already gigantic from the depth of height.
But, the most important...he was still clinging to his pen pal who just came to his rescue...Amelie.
"Oh...ohh! Ohh! Sorry, sheesh, sorry!" Tom forces himself out of her hands, giving her a curious expression.
"Sorry? 'Sorry' for what? I did not mind holding you close to me, my friendly pen pal." Her steps are light and seemly, so much so that he doesn't see them approaching until his hands are cupped in hers "You were falling at unhealthy speeds. That and..."
This moment came without preparation for Tom, feeling her closeness breathing into him. Literally and proverbially "...I have been waiting for this moment. For us to finally meet without the middle paper...~
But, mostly literally. To feel her presence, her proximity. There was no trace of those second before, the imminent fall he was about to suffer. Like it was drowned by a serene surrounding, one that clothed his thoughts to meet this strange land that would have sent him into constant confusion.
None of it stroke his head into the forefront, taken instead by the woman herself. She was much, much more pleasing to the eye than the pictures and paintings could hope to do justice. That luscious hair gathered into a sphere behind her head and a silky blue ribbon, those two bands falling with her peerless visage between, the heart-melting smile piercing his eyes...those cinnamon lips parting in their...smile...so close...so unaware...prone to--
"Yea, yea, I didn't want to make your arms tired." He pries his eyes from that painting-like face, trying to shoo away whatever thought bounced in uninvited.
"Ohh, alright, fair enough." Her smile does not waver in any way. Her now-empty palms join together, poised in an idle clasp "Though I wouldn't have minded all much--
It was a monumental joy for Tommy to finally meet his pen pal of years in writing and reading. To see her so close. Yet, the flaring stern that he saw ramping mid-flight returned en masse as she swiftly and abruptly tackles him to the ground, surrounded by legions of grass, their color, a surprising coat of natural green.
"Amelie?--
*Thwamp*
*Crack*
*Bumf*
Tom had supplies with him on this long stay. Tom was siphoned into this world with his supplies. Tom momentarily forgot about these supplies. Tom remembers the crate he brought with him, seeing it fall nearby. Unlike him, however, the crate had no savior waiting to spot it in the air and exploded into splinter, and everything he packed in it. A shovel, a pickaxe, ground-related equipment like them, repair supplies, maintenance supplies, extra parts, everything just falls a second time following the crate's deceased shattering.
And it all falls around them, uncomfortably close to them. Amelie, armored as she was, took to the most direct way of sheltering her pen pal from the immediate danger: covering him with her body. Closely.
Splinters come and fail to even leave a scratch on her protected spots, nothing more than an irritant to what should have been a wholesome meeting of distanced friends. Such is the woe of an unplanned, unprepared warping fruit.
And Tom was feeling it, squeezed underneath his soon met pen pal's incredible supple and soft body. The armor plates seemed to want nothing more than to convey this smooth touch, making their weight...non-existent. There was only the woman pressing on him, a watchful, sentinel gaze constantly darting left and right for every debris.
Chest against chest. Hips against hips. He feels every inch of it, more concerned by the intimate contact than the debris and tools slowly witling in their iron and wooden rain. Amelie was sparing no thought at the position they were, subtly swaying as to eat the most impact and see them bounce away. It was a blissful set of seconds stretching into minutes in his mind, the most intimate he had been with a woman so far...
...and it was problematic. Unwanted reactions from having a somehow, subtly, but very openly pulled skirt up to her hips ground against his pants unknowingly. Even without the proper 'romantic' experience, Tom knew what he was feeling and his body was overly getting excited.
Fortunately, before it really skyrocketed into an awkward, hardened contact between them, nothing. The debris stopped, every object fell, it was silent once again.
Tom wasted no time jumping on the occasion to avoid his inevitable bodily reaction "Well, thank you, but I think it's fine. We probably should get a leg up..."
"Hmm? Oh, right! Right. My apologies." Her eyes no longer formed that fierce glare threatening any rogue splinter or tool falling nearby, now returned to that picturesque expression she is increasingly being tagged to from his point of view. 
"Aw, but you two look so cute like this~ A voice travels from the nearby tree, now with a noticeable falling of small, blue-hued leaves. Their all-too consumable drop is sure to bring some of the shapes that he saw drinking down the pink lakes.
The deers of ringing bells and singing tolls did not catch Tommy's attention as much as the familiar voice speaking from the branches. His body stiffens in equal surprise, embarrassment, and a trickle of affront "You..."
"Hmm, yes, me." A grin far too fresh in his mind protrudes from the creature that likely baited him here through the unsavory fruit of warped perception. No longer hidden among leaves, however, Tom could see just how feminine the voice that 'welcomed' him here was.
She was a cat person, that much was true. More of a literal one, however, what with the feline ears protruding from the top of her hair, merged with the cascade of purple and orange seamlessly interchanging across her body. Thick paws adorn the front where her hands and feet should be. And they had no problem showing off the all-too-human pigmentation that courses beyond her obvious animal limbs, seemingly insulted by the idea of any clothing. Even the corset that clearly hid her hips and the skirt that complimented it seemed to do their job halfway, only barely hiding her feminine appeal, and likely a size or two too short.
"Yea, you! You almost got me killed!" Tom shouts, none too happy to match a face to the voice that sent him screaming in the void, then foreign skies.
"Pff, no I didn't."
"Yes, you did!"
"If I did, we would be speaking now, would we?" Her grin remains plastered on her face, blurring any strong qualities that it proudly displays.
"Only because she was here to pull me out of the oven! It's a damn miracle she saw me--
"Actually, I heard you falling as you screamed. And, I was also waiting for you." The same woman still straddling him gently interrupted.
"Heard me when she--wait, you what?"
"Waited for you." Her smile beams brightly, again, bringing something of a haven to soothe him from this annoyed demeanor of his "She told me she'd bring you here and to 'expect an impromptu flying'. Although, I still don't appreciate that you didn't warn him, Monique."
"Bah, you have the reflexes of a jumped-up Jabberwock after a binge on sweets. You had this no worries." That grin remains still "Besides, even if somehow, you managed to fumble, it's not like anyone who fell here actually died. Not with leaves and soil to soften the fall."
"I still do not appreciate you giving him an impromptu fright session. Much less when you did not mention 'when' he would be coming."
"Yea, yea, it's fine, you have your pen pal. Get to it already! Though you're already are. I'll be around...bye...~ No more word from her, not with the sudden puff of violet and purple smoke erupting where she hung, leaving nothing here. Nothing but the two still laying on the grass.
Them and the deers munching on the leaves fallen. "Well, a less-than-savory first-time meeting, but--" Amelie looks back to the man she still is straddling, a look of surprise painting her expression against his struggling one, albeit somewhat restrained "Huh? Is something the matter?"
"No...no...nothing...maybe just...let me up..." Her weight had nothing to do with it. He knows it, feels it. Specifically, the thin layer underneath her skirt that still rubs in that sensitive spot between his pants. That she seemed unaware was both a relief and curse, the latter, born from her hesitancy to hurry up and rise.
"Oh, sorry, your things have long since stopped falling and I'm still on top of you. Here, let me..." As she gets up with a perked-up eloquence, she takes one of his hands, raising him as well.
"Yea, thanks." Despite her best effort, tiny splinters of wood clung to Tom's coat, making it a pain for him to wipe off "Very much not the best way to start a rendezvous."
"Well, you are here, at least. The best is still among us." Her smile returns, as bright and pure as that of a maiden.
It easily woos Tom, who turns away, making up the excuse of his stuff to lure him "Yea...hum...anyway. I got to pick my stuff up. Didn't think I'd come like this and--
"Oh, no problem. Let me help!" Amelie's eyes twinkle with the need to aid him. Quickly, she starts picking up the residual fall, the items that were spread out wide in an efficient fashion. Sheets, equipment, tools, supplies, all foamed under her ridiculously spread arms, barely hanging on to each other.
Tom had only managed to catch a few of it before turning to a beaming, prideful woman waiting on his call. "Done!~ she shouts with that pure smile again, squeezing Tom's heart again.
"Oh? Oh, well, thank you, then. Hum...I doubt you live around here".
"No, not really. My domain is about twenty minutes from here. I'd say a minute or two, but that would involve flying. And, well..."
"Yea, can't fly where I come from. So, a walk, then. You sure you can hold on to these until then?"
"Oh, yes! Mere objects are no problem for me." Her pride flares up, spewing a single glint between her azure eyes.
"Oh, ok then. Guess we're going."
"Excellent! Follow me and we'll be here in no time flat!" Turning without reservation, Amelie, caught up in a bundle of Tom's items under her armpits, walks on with a strutting pace, followed not-so-closely by the man who now had a closer look to his surroundings.
The snow-white deers in dozen either lapping at the water or munching on the many mint-looking leaves that fell from that bothersome cat entity. How their antlers rang in every moment, each giving a subtly different pitch as they moved. Bells in the shape of...playing cards? Tom could see them clearly, bells shaped in each of the playing cards, the diamond, the heart, the clover, and the spade. 
To each of these particular bells, the deer wreathed with them is marked by more of these symbols on their almost-faultless fur, adorned with the card's very own color. It was odd to see, only adding to the virulent pink of the sky and the licorice-colored tree still raining a bundle of leaves apparently edible.
"Admiring the deers?" Amelie's voice rings close to Tom, as close as the woman herself, seemingly preferring to walk close to her pen pal.
"We don't have deers like this where I come from" he replies, still looking at a spade-tattooed one moving around with bountiful vigor.
"Oh, right, sometimes, I forget that these are mostly relegated to Wonderland."
"Wonderland? Is that the name of that place?"
"Mhm, hmm, personally touted by the ruler of the realm."
"I see...wait, realm?" Tom stops, a bit stunned by this somewhat random discovery "So I'm not just in some other country?"
"Hmm, nope. Entirely different realm."
"..." Tom stares differently. That 'cat' woman didn't just drag him through some teleportation fruit...no, she went the extra mile pulling the man to an entirely different dimension. He was stuck here.
"Ohh...so I'm stuck here...in a place I don't know about...with no way out?"
"Oh, no, no. There are ways for you to return once our meeting is...done. I can show you." Her voice is ever sunny, concealing the most brief of hindrances.
"Ohh, ok...good to know. Anyhow, we shouldn't be too...far..." One last oddity presents itself to Tom as they cross a small bridge binding a river to another. One made of...soft brick-like material, squeezed under every step over.
Another deer among the more 'common' ones. This one didn't have the usual bells attached to its antlers, none of the four that can be seen on any playing card. No, this one had a small depiction of a joker rattling with a more cacophonic ring to its movement. 
This one was a bit further than the rest, left to its own. Eating on its own. Drinking on its own. Always on its own. Amelie stops, watching the lone deer with Tom "They used to be more social with the rest before they suddenly moved apart." A somber tone escapes her tone.
"What happened?"
"I'm not sure. They just kind of became more reserved. Like someone or something was taken away from the land. I'm not sure what and none of the other denizens do either. They just...lost their smiles."
"Dang, that's unfortunate. Even with me not knowing much about the place."
"Hmm..." And they walk once more, wandering further from the forestial plains. The day swings away to the night when they finally arrive, washing away that pink, bright sky to a dim violet night dance featuring an azure moon shining its blue presence on the more flatlands they stand on.
---
"Cozy place." Tom steps inside some small house at the shore of the beach. The seamless transition between the grass he's seen and the odd grey sand that populates the shore to yet another, more vast ocean nearby.
"Ah, thank you. I know it is small. But, that is why I proposed, after all." Amelie steps into her small slice of home, closing the door to the stuff he brought, all piled up in a mass of gathering "I thought that someone with wonderful skills in designing and building a new, reasonably bigger house with me would--ahh!!!"
She enters a room composing the entire house's living space. A relatively big room composed of smaller segments attached to what Tom would expect to see in his town. A kitchen. A bedroom. A living room. A very familiar standard for the man who thought the houses would be as odd and outlandish as the decorum of the outside.
That he was not at all awe-struck at the surroundings, even with the occasional stop to leer at things he never thought so possibly different to what he was used to was also odd. A blue moon dancing over a dim-violet sky. Deers with antlers of symbols seen on playing cards. Trees impossibly gigantic raining mint leaves with licorice-looking bulks. And many more, perhaps, awaiting. It all felt like it was trying to burrow into the man's mind.
But then again, Amelie had most of his attention, reiterating how so much more breath-taking she was in the flesh. And they were joined at last for the first time. She was like a sanctuary. A shining, peerless...falling sanctuary dropping straight at him like a rock.
No chance to dodge, avoid, or evade her sudden entanglement with the entry carpet of the azure tapestry. No chance to admire the wolven addition of more of them mapping the walls in a tide of soft, gold-embroiled sigil of twin swords.
No, all he got was a smack. 
And a fall. 
A pleasurable fall.
"Ahh! I'm so sorry! That darnable carpet is always making me dangle so often. Here! Let me just..." Her soft, nubile body, once more, lays atop Tom. Face to face, chest to chest, her legs around his hips. Warmth fills his body. The softness fills him as well. The sweet, yet tingle scent of her apologetic breath tickling his nostrils. Uncomfortably pleasurable.
Striving to move away from him, Amelie just...stops. "Pen pal...what is this hardness I feel?"
"Eh?"
"Hardness. There is something hard between my--it's really hard--" Hands on his chest, so close to make this second rendition of an awkward fall, Amelie seemed bent on finding out what was thickening below her. Her hips press down subtly, feeling this 'lump' that was fattening between her legs.
"It feels...odd. But, not uncomfortable..." Her eyes creep to the ceiling, far from Tom's conflict of expression teeming on the brink of panic, far too aware that she was squeezing her thin-laced panty, somehow without the thickness of her skirt, straight on his sensitive spot. Down and down, her neither goes, pressing itself on his manhood to an increasing alert.
To feel her feminity 'kissing' his manhood so casually...it was a lucky moment that Tom quietly praised, trying his earnest to hide the increasingly enamor flowing on his face as much as his groin. It is quite the painful delicacy he does not want to feel, not with this remembrance flashing through the years they wrote to each other. A revelation drowning under his agitated body slowly responding to her 'touch'.  He had to think fast.
"My belt."
"Hmm?" Amelie stops as suddenly as she began, her hips resting over his, still feeling for that 'mass' as it still occasionally rubbed over the length.
"I have a different belt, one I just bought before wandering out," Tom speaks with paced panic, his guile almost obvious.
"It doesn't...feel like a belt, though. It's far too lengthy and...girthy..." A soft breath escapes her lips stained in natural cinnamon colors behind that last word.
"As I said..." Panic clings to Tom's face as her neither region copes another press down, directly on his awakening 'salami'. He knows she wasn't sitting on his belt, just below it. It was a miracle, a torturous one that she never thought to look down "...it's a 'new' new one. A new design, a new flair. I can show you later, but, right now, you're kind of pressing down on me..."
"Ohh? Ohh, really?" Amelie's eyes flicker for a moment, thinking. Her body wasn't willing to just hop off like last time, looking to 'feel' whatever was underneath it. Her eyes, however, accept his answer, even with a linger of doubt in the corner. "Alright, sorry pen pal, still sitting on you like this. Here, let me..."
She sweeps to the side, a hand reaching out for his. In an instant, he was up, asking for the toilet, wanting to 'relieve himself from that water jug he emptied long before coming here'.
"Oh, over here, pen pal. It is the night after all. I'll be on my way to bed and we can speak tomorrow."
"Yeah...sure..." Tom runs off to the bathroom, far from her light steps parading to her room, the one not too far from the living room, separated by a wall. Like the rest of them, actually. No, his whole attention was to the bathroom, the only haven to his needy eyes.
Inside, he is faced with a hard-borne problem jutting from the pants he unravels. A hard lump of problem condensed into a protruding erection. It twitches subtly to his eyes, but none blunter to his body, feeling its sudden movement across.
"Damn it, why does my pen pal have to so callously innocent about this?" He remembers the thousands of exchanges they had in years, speaking about the happenstances of their local surroundings or what they were up to. Many, if not all of her letters were laced with a tone drenched in innocence and curiosity. One time, the letter he was reading got smeared with paper. From spit and whatever he was drinking. Washed in soaking liquid, blurring the question she had about a 'sudden' uptake of moist' in her undergarments.
Another one saw him jump out of his seat, close to bumping his noggin on the floor with a small, square picture flopping all the way to his panicked thighs. Its content? A jutting, leaning close-up of her chest draped in nothing more than the top of an ensemble. The piece of pure white clothing had a remarkable need to intimately caress her bust and lithe waist, clinging to them as much as it could, offering a view of her upper chest in a few dislodged buttons.
Tom's feverish blush returned with a vengeance, coupling with copious sweat, made worst by the sheer lack of an embarrassed reservation a woman would usually have from something this intimate. No, Amelie seemingly had no idea of what she had sent judging by the 'They have grown again' scripted on the back of the picture. Not that her almost out-of-frame smiling lips accompanying her leaning and the lack of anything close to a blushing dissuaded that.
The epiphany returned in force: Amelie still had the heart and mind of an innocent young woman, even in the more...ribald of things. Her complete inability to recognize something inappropriate was a hidden blessing. One with the creeping leer of a curse underneath if that embarrassing incident was to be noted.
But, it couldn't be worse...right? Tom was convinced. This was just an accident. Something to sweep under the rug. Right now, he had another problem, one with a stringent need for water to simmer down...
---
The night came, sweeping the day under its shadow covers. As silent as the...well, night. The day, polite towards its polar opposite and granting the azure moon a gracious leave behind its beaming curtains did not extend that hand to the inhabitants.
Tommy was sleeping on the sofa. Being one that never really received any guest at home, Amelie didn't think about an extra bed or bedroom. The living room wasn't a bad sleeping option, not to the coven of the darkness.
No, the problem came with the moon's presence ascending the heavens again, giving the spotlight to its more rambunctious, volatile counterpart. Its dawn rise is immediate, eschewing the gradual climb to the sky. It does so, a small, bubbling light condensed with its blinding light to spend throughout the day.
A moment before, the night seemed to persist, laying all in its sleep. In the next one, Tom is forcefully snapped out of sleep with its sudden, impromptu booming expansion into a day. No seamless transition like the night had the foresight to go for. No, the sun was loud and its ascension was equal to this.
The violent snap of day over everything and the legion of light beams that accompany it not only rattled Tom out of his sleep with its loud, booming echo traveling like a set of explosives detonated into an echo chamber, but the rushing light also darted straight for his eyes.
"Eugh?! What the--hhrrnnn--" Dizzy and temporarily blind, his body reacts in how many would with the brief, but stringent loss of sight and hearing: panic. His panic overcompensated his loss of two senses into unneeded strength completely dedicated to his back, pushed onto the sofa he was sleeping, tip-toeing it in the process, leading to a bigger crash resulting in him flopping over to the floor in a great, unwelcomed manner.
"Argh! Eugh, my eyes!" His back curls up in a crescent, enabling a roll before he slumps over to the floor, still holding his hands to his eyes. Pain impedes his rising, cross-firing him between his ears and eyes. He staggers as he gets up, gradually getting up not thanks to the surroundings he couldn't see.
The table he missed and its somewhat out-of-place chair. The trip it forces him in as it loops around a foot in his clumsy walk. The carpet that only serves to worsen his tripping journey.
"Good morning, pen pal! I trust that--" The woman that just had to be standing in this particular way, almost drawn to it in this particular moment and not earlier.
Tom's hands jitter and try to grab on to anything, anything that can halt his tripping hazard. Something does come at blind grabbing range, weighty enough to stop his uncontrolled tumbling. Although he does a semi-spin, he stops, looking to thank--this isn't some strong, thick curtain he's wrapped around, is he?
His eyes finally recovered from the solar flash bang, they open, looking to map whatever he was holding...and holding him...back...
...once again, mistakes are made.
"Hehe, I didn't think you for a morning hugger, pen pal. But, I do not mind it at all.~ Warmth immediately pours on his face, teasing him with the alluring fragrance of sweetened cinnamon. That definitively wasn't one of the many roped and rolled curtains on the window he was holding. No...
...it was Amelie. His hands firmly stationed on her hips, she returned in kind, joining her pair behind his nape, allowing her delicate, unnaturally sweet breath to gently spread on his face. Any closer and he would have a very intimate taste of its delectable scent.
Not that his body is missing out with her generous chest squeezing against his own, dressed with nothing more than a white, buttoned shirt and an azure skirt underneath. Nothing to impede the raw sensation of a woman's body intimately clinging to him.
"Jee--so sorry!" Tom hurriedly moves backward displacing his hands away from the nubile, womanly waist they held fondly, looking to gap as just apologetic distance as possible "Didn't want to. Sun just threw a violent amount of sudden light, and--
A small, innocent chuckle escapes those glistening lips he had a close look at...like he is now, his attempt at distancing, undone "So stiff, my dear pen pal. I do not mind getting like this. It's..."
Her warmth returns to the fold of his front, laced with hands once again joined behind his nape, making this second rendition of a hug just as intimate as the one from before "...actually kind of warm, too."
"..." Words blur in his mind, begging the man to just take in this moment. Barely the morning and another accident befell, leading to this tiny moment. Furious drumming of his heart, beating so hard as to threaten to burst out. Pumping all the way to his visage, staining the corridor of his cheeks red, shifting and running across his body, making him more receptive to this soft, gentle mass clinging to him.
Eyes closed, set along with the head and luscious golden hair that accompany them, on his shoulder. A letter amidst legions had her wonder how hot or cold his hands would be if they were to meet and shake them together. Judging by one of her hands moving apart to entwine with one of his, it seemed to be of the perfect temperature for her. Not too hot nor too cold.
Letters like this sent a faint skip of a heartbeat. Right now, it was overperforming, a far upgrade from the former. But, as she is, still so 'naive' in this sort of thing, it felt--
The whining pitch of his stomach collapses any thought or moment they may have had. Amile perks up, remembering "Ohh, that's right! You never ate since coming here, did you? Come, I have a scrumptious breakfast I wanted to invite you to!"
Once again, being sat on one of the many chairs of hers, he was presented with something straight out of home. In a realm where he expected otherworldly meals, she apparently had a similar palette.
Moments later, they were out looking as to start the whole reason for his visit, to begin with. Equipment re-shuffled and packed once more, Tom wanders out, following his pen pal guide as she leads him to another secluded area. They wander across the same bridge of mushy, marshmallow-looking bricks that led him to her current home.
Here they speak a while. About the reason for his arrival...probably would have done so earlier if not for the overabundance of fright on his way down. Amelie just wants a place closer to the others, a home not-so-apart from the rest of the Spotted Forest city at the heart of the many rivers and oceans. 
Amelie was an oddball around here...apparently. In a land of bright pink skies, trees that shakedown edible leaves with mint taste from the winters, and the many exotic, anomalous animals that seem to live here, a blond woman devoid of any extraordinary flavor to instill a sense of belonging in this...place is weird to them. Foreign to them.
She was fine wandering from her distant home if only to visit them at her and their leisure, though the inhabitants never really had a problem with her, that, she made sure to clearly articulate to Tom. They enjoyed her bouts and company, like someone who always is present to offer a bout of company and guidance as even the denizens of this land are bound to get lost in their mind and road. In fact...
"What? Really?" Tom's face freezes with surprise, albeit a dull one.
"Mhm hmm. When they heard that I was writing to a pen pal, they began getting most interested in our exchanges. Knowing that you're one of those 'house builders' types, they thought of the idea of inviting you here. Mostly Monique, she really wanted this too."
"..." Tom's face shrivels back to disbelief.
"I mean, not as much as I wanted...Hmm?"
"...right."
"No, really. She did. She thought it would be a good idea for me to get my pen pal to help me with this while meeting at the same time. 'Two birds and a stone' they say."
"...was that fall included in the package?"
"I believe not. But, please, don't take it against her, Cheshires are just tricksters, they don't mean ill."
"...right...you'll forgive me if I doubt that. Anyhow..." Tommy had no intention of believing that the fall was a simple joke. Not with the too-real possibility of death still fresh in his mind. But, getting into some good spot Amelie mentioned where she'd want her new housing will be a more auspicious disposition to distract his mind.
Somewhere under the shadow of a gigantic tree, this one, featuring crimson leaves searing. Tom takes a second to look at the scenery, the cerulean covered in legions upon legions of red, hot leaves looking like their cooler counterpart. Only the color was evidently different to him.
Or so he thought before seeing one of the deers nearby. A single one in this somewhat lonely place under the shade. "Another one?" he mutters, spotting its many antler endings stylized with the small, flat effigy of a gild joker. No other 'deer' was nearby, giving this one a pre-emptive on all leaves that have long fallen, waiting to be crunched.
The idea comes to its mind, quickly feasting on every sharp-looking red idling on the grassy green. A treat, it must be, with how enthusiastically it munches them. Swallowing the last one them after a minute of chewing onslaught gives it a burping need, spewing away an impressive blast of a naked flame from its gullet.
A rather sizable one at that...
"Ehh..." Tom's eyes widen somewhat, a bit taken back by the gaseous ball of fire that withered down as suddenly as it sprouted alive even as the 'deer' was hooping away, a shift in its leisure pace. His mind comes up in grinding, slowly turning cogs, trying to process what he just saw. That 'deer' just ate leaves and spewed out a fire. A fire the size of its cranium. Without any trouble in the process. Flammable leaves...and Amelie wanted a place here...
"I think we should think of another place to make measurement..."
"Eh?!" Her eyes display their everlasting innocence in her confusion "Why?"
Fingers edge on his chin, compounding his perplexed demeanor "I don't know if you saw it...but, a 'deer' with joker bells on its antlers just ate a few of these leaves, you know, the ones just laying high atop of us...and spat out a fireball. Now...I don't know about you, but I would rather not have lost my house to incendiary leaves that can decide to drop by and say hi."
"Ohh! Oh, no need to worry about them. The 'Racy Tongue' leaves won't lit up on themselves anyhow. No, they need someplace moist and enclosed for fire to erupt. Even then, the fire that one makes while burping is harmless."
"Really?"
"Think about it. If it was as dangerous, then the grass here would be constantly on fire. Look..." Amelie prances over to one of the many Racy Tongues and plucks it. Her tongue comes close to its luscious red coat, wrapping around it.
She eats it slowly, delicately, the hotness of the leaf warping over to her trembling lips It carefully warms whatever it touches, worming itself into her more sensitive spots as she swallows it, guiding the heat, ushering a quiet, sensual moan.
Before long, with a deep breath, she purses her lips to an 'O' near her cupped hands and a vibrant, more pinkish flame comes running, bouncing away from her fingers with no visible damage before it dies off, cut off from any source of power.
"Hmm...I forgot how good these are. I should think about---hey!" Amelie's azure eyes glance in Tom's direction, noting the man already prepping the ground per her desire "Pen pan, you didn't watch to the end!"
"No, no, I get it. It's harmless, I heard it."
"But you didn't watch! I was showing you how fire from the Racy Tongues was harmless and you didn't see it!"
Tom really did not want to turn around, not with yesterday's problem peeking up from the fold of his fortunately baggy pair of pants. Watching his pen pal and close friend slowly, meticulously slurp away that spicy-sounding leaf, her tongue merging and tasting its surface before luring it to her most soft, enticing, equally moist lips brought mind images to his head...and his body. 
It thinks of them and how they'd feel, how they'd taste. Sweat trickles down his forehead, not aided by the helmet he brought along. And these images, vivid as they become, bring forth another unwanted reaction. A slooshing, mentally loud stream of his blood into a thick, girthy, and frotting rod that wasn't likely to go away so soon. Tom forgot to drown himself under a bucket of water before going out. 'It'll be fine' he thought, 'What could possibly warrant a pitcher?' A thought he comes to regret highly.
"It's fine, it's fine, I believe you." He persistently tends to the earth, a fizzling dirty yellow closer to a maroon glow occasionally flashing from under his feet, a few meters ahead.
Amelie pouts, luring her knuckles into her hips as she takes a most disapproving posture, still ignored by the man who, now with a carved out space of freed up ground, began to dig. The pickaxe he used to slice the surroundings into a sizable spot flies out, biting deep in the grassy ground nearby, the maroon-like glow that occasionally flashed now receding into the steel that it clung to, diminishing. The only glimmering leftover she could see was one beaming from a tiny crystal etched into the convergence between the wooden handle and the steel portion.
"Ohh?" Her slightly annoyed demeanor lessens under curiosity, slow to creep close to the planted pickaxe with an inspecting eye. The small embedded crystal still hums in its harmonious glow soft to the touch if she was so inclined to.
Crouching on the grass as to adjust her eye level, she takes an even close look at it. The tiny humming is not lost on her ear, sounding like a humming gem. Oddly pleasant to the ear, she'd say.
"Hehe, pen pal, your pickaxe is singing", she speaks in a silky voice.
"Hmm?" Tom stops. having dug himself halfway down the designated square piece to the foundation. He turns to Amelie, her ear near the rumbling crystal still pulsating in activity "Ohh, seems I forgot to turn it off."
"No, need, no need. It feels like I'm listening to your heartbeat. Gentle and strong. It feels good...~ A small smile comes parting her lips, letting them wide enough for him to see the pearly white of her teeth glisten. Seeing her smile once resonates with his heart, compelling a skipped beat. That and...
The tool, encrusted with the sharp gem was designed to increase their performance, strengthen their purpose. A pickaxe imbued with the mana fed from its small, gleaming presence would pierce hard. A shovel would bite and spit more dirt away. An ax would cut deeper, stronger. All while sundering the exhaustion that the use would usually feel over long periods of restless work. Essentially, they are akin to a channeled blessing to the tools extending both its lifespan away from repairs and the user's endurance before the need to rest while also enamoring their work.
A very common good among Tom's people, going so far as to be able to supply the thing to other, distant metropolises. Alas, with such a potent tool, a caveat. The mana that pulsates through the small crystal can only resonate when its user is close to it. Any certain distance beyond, and the item surely falls as flat as an ordinary tool. That they are a channeling gem as opposed to a mana store said as much: they feed on the user's energy to keep them lit. Their personal, intimate mana, equipped with their distinct color and signature.
Amelie was essentially telling Tom that leaning close to it to listen to its hum was like cuddling with the man, lending her ear to his chest, listening to his heartbeat casually beat. In a sense, she was right. She was listening to a part of him. And...judging by the paint-worthy smile she was letting out...
Tom hurriedly resumed his digging, feeling the augmented lift of his shovel dragging a borderline supernatural amount of dirt off the hole as it hums powerfully, each shoveling, a deluge of dirty fall. And he did, his heart fluttering every time he accidentally looked to Amelie resting close to his pickaxe, clearly taken by its docile fizzle and occasional spike of glow.
All day, he dug, equalizing the fresh grounds, setting it up for tomorrow before his tools began to flutter and sputter, running on low power. Meaning that he was getting tired. Such a sputter and spitting struggle is disharmony to Amelie, who took to nap near it in a curling ball. "Hmm?" Her keen ears pick up the tool's hushing, growing gradually quiet.
"Hmm? Ohh, pen pal, you look tired." A yawn sets her up, visible to Tom's hinged working. Her legs sway in balance on the precipice of the square hole he made. She wasn't wrong, it was a coming evening...as much as it shows with the sky still visibly pink in its full-day panoply.
"Mhm, hmm..." The ground was set. What would usually take days and perhaps, a whole week, he managed in a single day, a testament to the gear he brought with him, super-crafted shovels, pickaxes, axes, anything related to masonry in their marine blue hues. Evidence of the boosting properties of his quartz lodged in, currently dying out to his exhaustion.
For now, he was tired somewhat. Well, tired. Very tired. "Come, pen pal. You've done enough for today." Her elegant leap sees her heels trudge the mud underneath the evenly ground, quick to rob the shovel man of his...shovel. In its stead, her delicate, silk-laced gloves devoid of fingers come to entwine with his sweaty, fatigued fingers.
A fiery, humble smile comes sweeping away his tiredness. The feeling of serenity fills Tom, the latter, unable to anything but agree "You're right. I can go fetch whatever supplies they have here tomorrow."
"Indeed. Come, let us go back home", she retorts with that everlasting simper, leading the work-fatigued man away from the hole. The climb, done with one hand each, was a surprisingly easy feat for the knighted woman, having no issue dragging her fellow upward. What strength she has in her hands.
The place was easy to remember, easy to return to. A small mountain of dirt next to a hole isn't the most inconspicuous thing around here, even in a place under falling red leaves. They set to leave, wandering back into their--
"Aw, really?" A voice snickers out of the heights, bouncing downward, giggling "That's it?"
"Eh?" Tom looks around, immediately mired by a sense of stringent annoyance "Oh g--not her!"
"Hey now, no need to be so mean." The voice snickers again, this time, whispering out of a specific corner among the leaves. Orange and violet mix into an annoying grin burned in Tom's mind. The cat was back, leering and smirking as ever.
"Oh, right, right, you just tried to kill me, my 'bad'", he spouts back, vehemently annoyed by her presence.
"Really? You're still hung up on this? Even though you were saved from falling into the terrifying grass and leaves."
"Damn right I am!  Where I come from, people don't forget nor forgive those who kill to kill them."
The grinning cat rolls her eyes, swaying a hand as to bat his issue aside "Whatever, we can make up for that later. Right now...what are you doing?"
"Well", Amelie turns slightly "My pen pal has worked very hard--
"Not you, Mimi, I'm talking to him. Boy, you have someone leaning on your shoulder dying to relieve you right now. What are you doing just going back home?"
"Relieve? What are you saying? I don't need to 'go' right now." One of his eyebrows rises in confusion.
"No, no, you definitively need some 'stress relief' if you get my drift." Her grin takes on a more lascivious tone, more obscene "That frustrated body of yours is telling me as much. So pent-up and bathed in raw energy after sweating all day to please your oh-so-close friend. In desperate need to take a load off, ready to--
"Ready for an evening dinner and a possible sleep in the hay? You bet. I do smell a bit. Hmm..."
Her grin lower somewhat, not relenting "Oh, but I do think our hard work is due for some more pressing relief, don't you think? And better to do so than his closest friend for who he is working free of charge, so willing, so watchful. I'm sure she wouldn't mind 'tending' to him..."
"You know, you're not wrong." Tom shrugs, his face as passive as he can make it "I am awfully tired and in a need of relief..."
"Mhm hmm. Go on, then, I'm sure she won't mind--" The trickster's grin is returned in force, doubled by its more lecherous corner widening at the forefront of her orange-tinted lips, savoring what was to come.
Quickly, however, her hungry gaze turns to acrid disbelief as Tom simply turns to Amelie, the latter, perked up as if expecting him to do so. "Would you mind if I used your bath at home?"
"Of course not! You've worked all day! I'd be a terrible friend not to allow  you unlimited access!"
"Thanks. I feel very sweaty right now and that's probably going to be a recurrence."
"..." Monique stares at them incredulously, a look of total disappointment. Quickly, she lifts a finger "You are aware this isn't what I was expecting to bring with 'relief' yes?"
"Hmm? You didn't? Sure sounded like it."
"I didn't."
"But it...it sounded like--
"I didn't!"
"..."
"..."
"It--
"Shut it! I wasn't!"
"To be fair, it did sound like it", Amelie speaks up, a risen eyebrow.
"Mimi, my dear, I am trying to help you. Don't you go and worry about our little talk."
"Help her? You mean the house?"
"No, that is not what--don't  you try and change the subject--
"But, I am helping her. What do you think this hole is for?"
"That is not what I meant--
"It's to build a house."
"I know--
"With a basement."
"I said I know!"
"So we're good?"
"No, we definitively are not 'good'."
"So she is in another bind? Is she having trouble somewhere else?"
"No, she doesn't."
"So she isn't in a jam."
"No--I mean, yes, but you can help her as you are right now--
"I know. I am."
"No, you are not. Not as much as you--
"Ok, so she does have something else troubling her, then."
"No, no she is not. I am just trying to make you aware that as you are right now, you could be of greater help to Mimi if you just--
"But...I already am. I just need to eat, sleep and come back tomorrow. Things like this can't be rushed."
"Ok, boy, I am getting a bit slighted with you cutting me off at every--
"Right, sorry, we should talk some other time. I am really dripping with a day's worth of work and I have a serious need for some R&R if you get my drift."
"Mhm, it is getting dark. Better not let all that filth cling on you, pen pal. Not that I would mind too much..."
"Hey! Turn back, boy, I am far from done with--
"Tomorrow or something, I really need to go."
Tom turns away, a hand leading his as Amelie now very much wanted back indoors. A hidden twinkle of relief came and went off his face no longer visible to the irate feline woman. His face was a panicked relief. 'Too close' it muttered as to the relentless mentions of that cat woman. They wander off to a slightly irritated cat still perched high on a branch, still perfumed in her expression of disbelief.
Her glistening orange eyes act in accordance with her pursing lips, quick to snag one of the thousands of Racy Tongue leaves, licking it strongly with disappointment in the former and a whisper "Amelie, my dear, this will benefit in the long run."
With a poof, she disappears and re-appears, the leaf thought to be devoid of any risk of flame, ready to burn any fabric it'll touch. Amelie was partially right in the sense that it wasn't going to burn down any house or set someone on fire. Partially.
Seeing a choking blanket of orange and violet smoke and the knighted woman feeling a warm rubbing on her back, imprinted with the now fiery leaf quick to eat away at her clothes made Tom turn away in instant embarrassment. Never mind the grin behind the smoke as another screen fizzled in with a 'Go get her now' mouthed nearby before she was gone.
Her body seemed, well, intact under the fanning flames. Only her body. Not the silky dress she came in this day, burnt to gray flakes and pushed aside by the inexplicably convenient winds swallowing it.
"Goodness! My clothes seem to have burst into thin air." Amelie pouts slightly "What a pity...these were recently knitted. Good friend...I don't suppose you came with an extra--
With the acuity of a blind man wandering on the thinnest of eggs, Tom barely manages to offer his coat to the unfortunately nude woman. At the edge of his fingers. Clumsily shaking as if trying to reach her hands. While on the precipice of taking the largest step back he ever did.
"Just take it! Just take it!"
Her movement is ever laced with grace, widely ignoring the embarrassment of a total lack of clothing, the only sense of acknowledgment being across her cheeks as their fingers touch. A faint, reddish hue compelling one of her hands to shelter her remarkably perky bosom, slightly larger in the flesh now that her tightly fitting outfit was currently mapping the soil.
She wraps herself with the still day-worn top, looking to the man who handed it to her. Its damp heaviness was no skin off her back "Haha, thank you, good friend. A bit damp, but then again, I do feel a bit warmer than usual."
"Sure thing--can we go? I doubt you want to stay nude like this." Tommy took a large birt to avoid staring at her, let alone staying anywhere near her in this state. To have caught a glimpse of her nubile, femininity on display for his mind to salivate if only to spite him...
Tom went back home, making every effort to be facing the opposite direction that his pen pal was in at every moment. A grueling walk home awaited him as the strong, hot smell of passion clung to her pristine, nude figure, acting like a beacon of allure. He couldn't see it, the red stigma steaming from its conflagration. He didn't want to see it, the unintentional oozing of her figure, that forbidden, sweet spot dripping its womanly nectar, and the blatant ignorance perking from her expression, like it was a mere unintentional side effect of that leaf.
That her curiosity got the best of her, compelling the innocent woman to wonder about his unease as she closed the gap between them, bathing his touch and smell in her feminity was almost too much for Tom, who only diverged his answers to other things as much as his eyes. Not that her arms coiling around his in that tenacious innocence helped much.
The evening was spent about the same way as the last one. Amelie had a great sense of multitasking, already pooling a steaming pond of water for him to dunk on. She insisted, he'd go first even with that impromptu development while firing up the kitchen into another salivating supper for him to munch on.
Regret, however, forced itself at the front of his mind, feeding it the few glimpses he caught of his pen pal in the nude. She was everything his mind thought of in the few times it snuck drips of his desire in the depth of his dreams. Beyond what he hoped for, now anchored to a solid, sultry, curvy imagery of womanhood.
His body reacted as it did in the pool of cleansing water, brimming its pride and his shame into a hard, fat erection. With it, all sorts of naughty, unclean thoughts began worming themselves in Tom as he forced his mouth open for an icy cold pitcher he brought with him for this exact reason. No way he was going to think of his incredibly naive, pure friend in such ways. Not after almost falling to his presumed death merely to get here.
The night came, smearing its violet presence and seat of influence over the cerulean as a bright blue moon hovered over all. It came with an odd warmth as Tom laid to sleep on the biggest sofa his friend had to give him. The same one from yesterday. It didn't strike him as unusual, not in the grasp of sleep taking hold of him. Not the beaming blue from outside. not the tranquil atmosphere within and without.
Not even the docile blue light occasionally falling from the sky outside, pieces of the moon's light, he'd think...split in two, somewhat...closer to him...wait...
---
His dream was a pleasant drift among clouds. Their touch, silky smooth as he'd expect them to be. A beaming, benign sun lingered just behind, showering the clouds and him in its pink incandescence. It's light, warmer than he thought.
Called to his side, the warmth molds around his fingers, the sensation, bafflingly more tender to the touch than even the cerulean station he was laying on. It wrapped around him, the densest over his chest, compelling his arms to swarm over it to hold it close, tenderly.
The warmth soon chisels under his shifting dream. A womanly form now straddles him closely, amply comfortable to lay over the man. A distinct woman sprouting a watching, gleeful smile hot enough to melt the thickest of steel. A visage resplendent enough to sway the strongest of hearts. And this one dedicated its smile to him.
The more time passed, the more it took shape. A familiar shape. Blonde hair gathered into a small half-done sphere behind its head. Two razor-sharp braids falling on both sides of the visage. Bluer azure eyes glimmering like this foreign world's very moon and equally as piercing.
The booming awakening of the sun, however, snapped him out of it "?!! Eugh...this is going to take time getting adjusted to."
The blinding snap of the molten star still echoes through the land, forcing the man to stand with eyes closed, staggering around the place. The cupboards, the sofas, the rugs, everything.
"Good morning, good friend!" And then, her voice. Resplendent in its travel, followed quickly by her seeking hands locking their fingers with him. Warmth followed through, the same one from his dream...
Tom jolts every so slightly "Ohh, hey, good morning."
"I see that you were still having issues with the sun's booming start to the day. Let me help you!" This was going to become a recurring event, being lured in blind faith across her very garnished house to her dining table, steaming with today's breakfast, ever-alluring to him. A time to eat and listen. He asked her about getting supplies, raw materials to work with. The structure she wanted was already clear in his mind, he just needed space to work with. And with that done, it was just a matter of getting the required stocks, preferably processed. And, well, there was a place where he could get them...kind of...
---
"What?"
"It is as I said, sir..." 
Amelie guided Tom to the town beyond the rivers, a majestic sepulture separated from the lands by its own river and small pathways of that remarkably squishy material to make bridges that he walked across before. How they managed to remain sturdy despite feeling soft to the foot was his guess.
Here, he waltzed in, presented to an odd flavor of extrinsic creatures and stranger colors. From individuals that could mold themselves to man-size stationary cards to...somewhere to others, dragons with separate eyeless heads leering at anything and everything wandering near them, their teeth, closer to that of a human than whatever species they belong to. These 'heads' sounded more like extra appendages to the dragon woman who brought them where she went.
Rarely he'd ever see two of a kind, let alone to exactly similar of a race, so varied they are that the concept of finding anyone doubled of close kin was the rarity here. And to speak of the oddity of the houses here, boasting random blocks at each corner, shaped into radically different forms as well...
Many of them outright looked like leaning mushrooms with the top bearing too much in the way of a rooftop, looking like they'd tip over and crash down.
Others sported the appearance of clover leaves, the latter, mapped in haphazardly greens of variety. A bit too much variety splattered in no orderly patterns.
Houses of glass, houses of cards, even the soft bricks that were becoming increasingly common to him had a few houses built out of it. But that was beside his interest. With Amelie around, he didn't have the desire to have his mind twist as to 'how' exactly they managed to be stable.
He went over the closest thing this place had as a supply depot, a barrack of sorts...made of disorderly silky matter. From afar, it looked like a house that literally belonged in the clouds what with its white legions of thin threads connected alongside each other in the hundreds of thousands, as large as an industrial workshop. Not to mention the innumerable panels serving as windows that reflected the pink cerulean.
This also wasn't on Tom's mind. No, what was currently taking his time was what the receptionist told him. Something about money "...we do not currently accept gold currency from any settlement, sir."
A woman sporting a hat he'd only see in highly pretentious gatherings or parties stands behind a counter, compound it with a pair of shriveled, barely visible glasses constantly balancing on her nose. Judging by these alone, Tom could guess at the fancy wear she was clothed in. A reasonably impressive crimson and sky blue outfit did deck her, juxtaposed in a seamless transition between the two colors. A mad hatter with a method behind their seemingly unorthodox manners.
A calm, persistent grin rides across her face "It is useless around here...or across the Wonderland, even. I am uncertain what made you think we accept monetary currencies."
"Really? I thought that...well how am I supposed to get things here, then? What do people pay with around here?"
"Well, sir..." Her brilliant red eyes flash over to Amelie standing behind Tom, adorned with the armor she flew to him on that fall "...seeing how your lovely tender half is here, I assume that you have a few pitchers of highly condensed energy to barter."
"Pitchers?"
"Yes..." The hatted woman raises an eyebrow at his inquiry "...energy pitchers, a very valuable source of energy that can be bottled on the regular for various uses."
"Huh..." Tom drew a blank in his mind. Never heard of these "Never heard of these 'pitchers'...or the way they're produced?"
"Oh, dear...Amelie, my dear, surely you must have gotten down under with your new gentleman, no?"
"Did I? I don't exactly..." Amelie's mind rummages a bit, perking up with a realization "Oh, right, I forgot to tell him about this...although it didn't feel too important at the time. Besides, Monique said that I'd have to wait for a 'certain' reaction from my pen pal before I could..."
"Did it happen yet?" The woman behind the cupboard had increased interest, almost expecting some answer.
"Did what happen?" Confusion leads Tom's tone "Did I miss something?"
"Hmm, not if I recall."
"Really? Nothing?"
"'Nothing' what? Hello?" Tom's confusion was still being ignored.
"Nope. Nothing yet." Her smile is radiant and innocent.
"I see..." In an instant, the woman sitting behind the counter was before Amelie, the latter, catching up quickly to her approach unlike Tom, who only had the privilege of noting her sudden absence as he blinked.
"Eh?! What--" Under his one moment of lapse, the mad hatter took his one guide just far enough for their voices to fall short of his ears, extending his confused look around.
"Don't you worry about it, then. I'm sure it'll come soon enough. Until then, just make sure to stay very close to him, though you don't seem to have any problem with that."
"Oh, yes indeed. My pen pal has been and is very pleasant to spend time with. He's much more than what I expected." Faint reddish hues briefly take life on Amelie's cheeks, just enough for the strange woman to pick up with a sultry simper
"Hmm, of course, he is. Anyway, while you probably don't know much about the pitchers nor have gone far enough between you two to start gathering them, I'm sure a strong girl like you could gather the materials yourselves, yes? I'm sure your moment to shine will come soon enough. Now, I believe you had a reason to be here. Pity I can't make an exception this time..."
Just as the man caught on, Amelie was already spun in his way by the hatted dame, a smirk on her face "Now, I cannot just allow you to pilfer whatever resources you want to have, I'm afraid. What I can do is give you a map leading to the raw stuff you want so badly..."
And again, in his lapse of vigilance, the woman had somehow traveled to his forefront, a scroll in hand that she puts on his hand. His perplexion is wide as his back step "Hey, hey, hey! When did you even get this close?!"
"Ah, Ah, Ah. No time for stuttering perplexion. You have some gathering to do. Fortunately, you won't have to make with this for too long. Now..."
The perpetual fog of unknowing that clouds his mind is swiftly ignored as the maddened hatter spun his boot around, swiftly marching him through a door. A magical door reacting to the map he was holding. Opening the door to a radically different corner of the realm. A place featuring emerald skies and jagged trees. If he was to look another longer, he'd swear he saw some of them move.
Looking at the new map inserted in his hand, it'd flash on a small, concealed spot under a vastly drawn area known as the Leering Forest. The maddened hatter's smile is ever-present as she spreads her arm ahead "...off you go. You have a friend to help, do you not?"
"Yea...but, this place looks--
"No worries, pen pal. I shall be by your side in this bountiful harvest." Amelie takes his hand in excitement, dragging the man, screaming for her to 'wait, hold on--' before the door closed behind them, cutting his sentence forever. Closed to a woman humming, now with an impromptu teacup and saucer, sipping with glee as she walks back.
"You take care, dear, I shall look about that small request of yours..." She whisper, an eye for a feather inserted into a bottle of ink.
---
The woman induced a detailed manner of how harvesting was done in this unorthodox realm. While he wasn't listening in her confusing speeches. Allegedly, all they needed was to bring the trees down. And it was likely the same for other places they'd have to visit. Easier than he expected. Only one problem...
"Heh heh heh heh!"
The trees he thought he saw moving. They did. And they took offense to their presence. With their distorted grins, the many trees most compelled to move did so, screeching with chuckles and unnerving laughter.
"Heh heh heh heh!"
The frightening bulk in which they move in, numbering in the dozens upon dozens, towers over the lone two individuals that dared set foot in this place of trial. Vaguely humanoid shapes compound them, imperfect and twisted. They leer and grin, seeking to vacate the duo from their territory.
Merely vacate, despite their horrid forms. Tom didn't know, nor cared to know that the realm's very influence forbade any true death of the inhabitants. Nor did he know that this place among many others was set to keep a sense of hard-brought upbringing for those who so sought to build themselves from nothing. He was not privy to the many rules that the governor of Wonderland. 
The Jabberwock was still a majestic dragon with the yearning to flex her inhuman prowess. The trump cards still were guards and warriors imbued with arcane means dedicated to combats. And, in Alice's case, this was exactly what she did wandering the Wonderland, mostly at random, oddly lured to those stuck in places like this without the means of defending themselves.
Here, her hands drew twin blades from thin air, one of incandescent essence composed of solid azure, and the other, bound to reality as a sword he'd see in the hands of a regular warrior...if it wasn't coated in a faint glow, indicating a strengthening aura wreathing around the silver blade.
Reverence struck Tom as her visage, usually so gentle and honeyed in appearance, turned to a stoic, rigid knight, the same that sped beyond sound only to snatch him from a most painful fall. "Pen pal", she called to him as her eyes lined up to the closest of the 'trees' and its malformed stump barely resembling a fist ready to crash down on them.
The smile briefly returns to her behind closed eyes as she slightly turned to him "You have nothing to worry about with me, alright? Be ready to collect our spoils."
"What?! Prepare for what?! Dying?! I'm not exactly a fi--
"Heh heh heh heh!"
"Your front---" She already knew it, felt its momentum swinging. The leering tree's chuckle turned to anguished screeching as its giant fist was instantly sliced off with a faint blue shimmer between dislodged hand and stump.
Its screeching pain is cut short as a dashing reflective wave of blue wormed itself through the golem tree like a formless blade, spewed forth by her azure sword. Its falling splattering on the muddy terrain to its brethren. Perhaps, the wrong message as they hurl themselves at the woman who slew one of them.
And thus, their massacre began as they fell one by one, sliced off from head to tree toe. She was hacking them mostly with her projectile-spewing blade devoted to murdering the chuckling trees at a distance. Those who had the unfortunate distinction of getting too close to the relatively small woman had the displeasure of getting hacked between the failed swings and screeches like a lumberman was disemboweling them.
One thing Tom noticed between the venerable spectacle of Amelie's combat prowess against outnumbering and much, much taller enemies was that those who fell were disassembling. The raw material he was seeking in excess was self-assembling as a reward for slaying whatever it used to be. Logs upon logs of woods begin to assemble from the dust of defeated leering trees, asking only to be gathered.
So he did, thinking back to Amelie's word to 'prepare their spoils'. Now, while the logs were somewhat heavy, Tom's upbringing as a hands-on architect did give him much relief as he could reasonably manage to stack them like a pile. All-day, he followed Amelie's onslaught, occasionally returning to the man to inquire about whether it'd be enough. The more trees she cut down, the more reluctant the others became, ever failing to land even as much as a solitary blow on the woman.
Until the biggest one of the pack lurked forward, twice the size of the 'mundane' leering tree, this one sported something close to a crown indicative of its imposing status as the local leader.
"Hmm". With Amelie persistently by his side, Tom was ever showered by this deep sense of calm and collectiveness, able to put his architect mind to thoughts as it'd otherwise be struck with panic "Seems this one is much larger than the rest. I think it'd be enough, along the rest, to build the skeleton of the new house."
"Noted." Arcing her twin blades to her side, Amelie dashes forward, forward to its bellowing maw full of searing flames. It spews its content in a beam of light, searing away the other trees that weren't quite as 'alive' as it and its fellow were. They fall, burning down into charred husk of bulks, strangely not falling to the same metamorphosis as those felled by Amelie. It seems the shift only plays out to the sentient denizens as opposed to creatures who would know little application for the bounty.
Amelie didn't fall, however. Its massive, imposing height made it slow and callous, far too slow for someone as nimble as her. Turns out that the only thing this one leering tree had over the rest was a somewhat stronger, sturdier bulk and the magic of flames. Other than that...
...it collapsed, immediately dusted into an excess of logs perfectly cut and polished, ready for immediate use...on top of Amelie, who turned to Tom, a grin on her face "Here, pen pal, this should be enough, right--"
"Oh sh--Amelie!" Dust and mud spew outward as the entirety of the spoils of supplies fall atop the woman, making her disappear under splintering wood and dusty fallout. Ignoring the coarse course of mud splashing on him, he sprints over to the cascade of bundled logs.
"Amelie?! Amelie, where are you?!" He walks at a hurried pace, shoving the few pieces he can off his way "Amelie?!" Again and again. It was very large. The bounty to follow...well, followed suit in its vast area to collect. More than enough for him to build the structure. And...a problem at the moment, his friend, stuck somewhere.
"Amelie!"
"Over here, friend!" A voice among the rubble and setting dust.
"Coming, coming!"
"Please do, this position is most uncomfortable!" She squeals, compelling the man to hurry and find her. He did, finding her somehow safe from any serious injury. Only...
"I'm here--..." His face lights up...among other parts of his body. She was indeed safe. Just a bit stuck. By the hip between logs. A bit too many for him to just lift. The idea to drag them away one by one was also a 'no go', with how they're entangled.
"Huh, I don't suppose you can try and pull yourself back?"
"I'm afraid not, good friend. Not in this position. At least, not without some help."
"...ok...I'm coming." Tom carefully makes his way to her hanging legs complimented by her exposed bottom. The skirt she wore and the legging that complemented it were excellent for mobility and surprisingly sturdy. Alas, it did virtually little to cover her more private spots in certain positions. And nowhere is it more painfully obvious to Tom than the way she has been burrowed between logs, her butt, sticking out in all of its glory.
He could clearly see the lack of any azure underwear hanging out between the whiteness of her skirt. All there was...was a forbidden sight, her most feminine trait looking back at him. Seeing the smoothness and the curves that adorned her rump leading to that sweet, dangerous spot gave way to uncomfortable thoughts.
Nevertheless, however, he went in, thinking about pulling on her knees. That should be enough...right? Amelie has proven to be remarkably strong.
Perched on one of the lifeless husks that acted more like trees like the downed ones, a familiar grin. One of her paws radiated with magic, the sort that was strong enough to suspend the tree logs that wouldn't have fallen in cascade otherwise.
"So, that's the guy she's been dying to meet, eh?" Another voice close to her speaks, belonging to scales blacker than coal. Two slithering 'mouths' undulate across their mistress, equally as dark as the scales that dot her chocolate body. Draconic horns dress her hair in a majestic, yet somehow alluring shape, just as enticing as the outfit cloaking her. Like the cat of hybrid hues, hers was less clothing and more an eye-catcher from the opposite gender.
"Yep. And he's been something of an irritation to get to give in and claim her as he should. Always moving away when he has a delectable 'meal' eager and willing to offer herself to him".
"Is that why you went through the trouble to dropping that thing's spoils all over her like some poorly choreographed accident?"
"Mhm hmm."
"And how the hell is this supposed to get him to take a hint? Last I checked, a bunch of stacked-up fire fodder isn't especially good at getting a guy's rod out of their pants."
"Easy..." Her hand no longer glows in its orange and purple brilliance, instead, a blue, small piece of fabric was firmly clutched in it "The way she is stuck, he won't be getting her out with half-assed attempts. No, he'll have to get nice and close."
"Mhm hmm, I can see that. Hey, I had a better idea..." The draconic lass from the Wonderland realm turns her unconvinced, yet intrigued crimson eye to her fellow "...maybe just tell him. Or her. You know convoluted threads like this never work."
"I tried. He deflected over and over until I got annoyed. So now, I'm going to have fun with it, alright? Besides, this should do him in. As stuck as she is, she's not going anywhere without a good and firm grip on her hips."
The Jabberwock remains slightly doubting, though in this case, she wasn't wrong...
He wasn't going to pull Amelie out. Of course, it wouldn't. Not a strong enough grip for their effort to fuse. No, he needed to go higher. So, he went for her thighs...from the side. And of course, that also didn't work. Pulling backward doesn't quite work when one is awkward trying to pull from the side.
"Friend? I think it'd work better if you held on to my hips", Amelie said, her butt lowering as to invite his hands on a strong grip "Here, please grab them and pull as hard as you can."
"I know, but..." That would involve him aligning his hips with hers. Closely. And, seeing how out of the way her skirt was, Tom was going to be rubbing them against hers as he tried pulling.
"I know you can do it, good friend! I can try and push in your direction, but I need your help to get out. Please?" Her voice came out again, in a plea, this time.
"Ok, ok...think about that fall", he mutters to himself as he loops over one of her legs slowly putting his hands on her hips like he was..."Fall, fall. You almost died and that cat was laughing. Think about it...and pull..."
And he pulls. And of course, that train of thought crashed and burned as their hips immediately joined in the pulling. Tom was once again privy to the almost inhuman sensation of her maidenhood rubbing on his pants in that specific part of his. Its soft, moderately moist, and warm touch spurred an instant reaction from his body, flushing a good amount of blood into his nether. That he thought he felt a bit of moisture on his groin area did not help.
And...again, of course, that one worked, popping Amelie's cemented upper half out like she was suddenly caught in a cloak of water. She flew out, her rump, slamming against Tom's hips as they fall back to one inert log, her form sitting over his. His altruistic instinct made a mockery of the sheer embarrassment he was experiencing, enforcing his hands to swarm around her hips now that her back was against his chest. An attempt to stabilize, it'd prop up as an excuse.
"Ahh! Ahh...thank you, good friend." Amelie pants slightly, slowly turning her head to the man with her hands lowering on his, as if to plea for their stay.
She sighs a bit "That was mighty uncomfortable."
"I...I can imagine...though I don't think you're too..." Tom feels her sweet spot rubbing his rugged manhood to a swollen erection. He needs to get her off, stat "...comfortable. Probably."
"Hmm, nope!" Her smile comes back "I wouldn't mind resting against your back like this. It feels nice...even with your...belt? Now that I think about it, I never got to see it..."
[No, no, no, no, no! Don't do this, not now!] Panic swells his mind as fast as his lower parts, growing in terrain. His mind sprints to the first thing he sees as a distraction, notably, the filth and grime that washed over them "But, we're riddled with cold mud! I don't know about you, but I'd like not to shiver on the way back."
"Ohh?" Taking her eyes off him, she maps her body, seeing specs of filth clinging at her at small, plentiful spots "Ohh...hmm, that last one must have splashed the ground all over."
She rises, her muddy, dirty outfit standing out to her "I really am dirty, aren't I? I wonder whether--ohh?!" Her hands patted her every inch, looking for what stood and what didn't. She found out what didn't "My underwear...lost? Good friend, did you notice--
"No! Nope, I didn't, I was too busy pulling and all that..." Tom says this, his eyes strayed from Amelie unknowingly pointing her smooth, chiseled butt in his direction.
"Oh, alright. I could have sworn I had it..." She whispers before perking up a bit "Anyhow...come, let us send our hard-earned bounty to that small spot of our choosing."
"Well, more 'your' bounty, but, yeah, let's." The map was very encompassing of the terrain, even down to the point where inscribing a rune on any stack could transport it elsewhere. In this case, that place he marked as the grounds for building. Fortunately, the rift that brought them here was very willing to relegate their marked supplies to wherever they wanted.
So they did, gathering and stacking the many logs that remained. Well, Amelie did, what with her inhuman strength...though the lack of any underwear did not please Tom. Or rather, it did. Far too much for his liking. But, with that done, they went back, another day passing under.
---
The evening was much the same to Tom, who, under her insistence, went to sink in the bath first. A good thing for him, unable to hide his blood-gorged erection from proudly prodding the waters it lays in. The masquerade of his most unassuming belt he put on was no longer here to keep the illusion. Here, it couldn't be denied. His thoughts couldn't be denied.
"Damn it...where's my pitcher?" Once again, however, Tom had the fortune of an ice-cold bucket of water to gulp. Forcing a sudden amount of icy water through his veins was an excellent deterrent for his throbbing desire jutting in the steaming waters that were enabling it.
It simmers down, though clinging to its existence, refusing to die down quietly, frustrating Tom to no end "Damn it, just go down already!"
It replies by bombarding him with the pictures, invading his mind with the supple, bountiful bottom of his pen pal. How smooth it was. How soft it felt as he unwillingly traveled his hands across it.
He forces another gulp down of frigid water, berating his rebelling erection all the while smeared with images of her small, forbidden fruit shivering between her legs, briefly flashed before him as he moved his hands to her hips. His desire tried holding on to him, whispering of its appearance, its purity, waiting for someone like him to def--
"Nope! Nope! We are not thinking of this, no!" Tom forces down the entirety of the pitcher in his throat, feeling the glacial fluids coursing down to his stomach. His innards briefly shivered like they were caught in a snap freeze, shattering any grip that his wailing meat rod had, deflected in an instant. Tom doesn't relent, pumping his insides full of the cold as he lays back to the bottom of the tub, struggling to breathe all the while...
---
His lethargic steps came out of the bathroom, straining to glance away from Amelie who quietly waited by the side, an assortment of products to wash herself clean.
"Hello, good friend. I hope your bath was fine."
"Yep, mhm..." And he was out, straight into the dining room where she already cooked something scrumptious for him to feast on before going to sleep. And sleep, he did, again dreaming of the clouds and the woman shaped from warmth.
Her slow descent to lay atop of him was like yesterday, smiling with vibrant azure eyes. Though, they were somewhat different. These looked more like the eyes of a demon, slit like those of a reptile, yet still so gently looking at the man they laid on.
He could feel it once more becoming a 'she', warped with what looked like two blond horns protruding from each side of her hair to the back alongside a thin, nimble tail shaped like an arrow of the same color as her hair.
He could feel her becoming more real, waiting with docile, innocent eyes on his movement. Either his hands swarming behind her nude waist, lowering her body over his as to make no gap between them...
...or her soft lips parting and the cinnamon breath that they exhale, sweet and ever so slightly spicy to the scent, luring his pair to her curious, but willing approach. They approach, slowly in their imminent course to meet in the middle where he could at last...
---
And the boom of the sun woke him. Again. And he stumbled around. Again. Straight into Amelie who just had to be here...
...again.
"Good morning, good friend. I see you are still struggling with the sun's rambunctious rise", she says, holding on to the man with a beaming, joyous smile "Do not worry, I shall remain close as an outlet to help you up."
Sweet. Innocent. Exactly like that phantom from his dream. It rouses his body to unwanted reaction, being in this unknowingly intimate embrace with Amelie. Tom turns away, forcing his body to the same "Yea, sorry, I usually don't wake up with a boom from the sun."
"It's alright. I heard that many newcomers don't. You'll get the hang of it, no problem", she replies, her everlasting soft-spoken nature on display "Breakfast is already on the table. I'll be ready whenever you are."
"Right. Won't be long, promise."
"Of course!"
He eats, feeling every ounce of...he wasn't sure what to call this feeling. Like every meal she prepared for him, this one felt like she made it with the love of someone who waited for a chance to display its fervor through the plates.
He shakes his head. That dream was leading him on. Messing with his mindset. He ignored it...to a degree. The fluttering in his stomach refused to abate whenever he ate them, growling with remarkable bold intensity. It was almost...screaming...
---
Today was another day of gathering for the duo. As would many other days. The skeleton of her newest domain was scrubbed much to the wonder of Amelie who salivated at the prospect of one day, setting foot inside. Everything she thought of putting in began pouring into her mind as they went through the same rift of the same town from the same woman whose scarlet eyes and heterochromia outfit twinkled towards the duo.
Where there was the frame ready to be assembled, now its 'supports' were the next stop. Then, the innards, the walls, and floors within adorned with the upper ceilings. The organs, the furniture. The flesh, the out walls of carefully stacked bricks, chiseled from the most dangerous of Wonderland creatures like the rest. Hence another rift opened for the alternative Tom and Amelie sought in place of the unknown that were those pitchers, these strange things he still had issues wrapping his head around him.
On and on, they did the same, Amelie, fighting the correspondent monsters, apparently present to inflate a sense of danger to those who wished to have an outlet to display their brilliant power either to themselves or others.
Tom followed behind map in hand, inscribing the stacks that remained from the fallen beasts of constructed material in the insignia of her twin weapons, a symbol he saw populating her current home. The stone men, the wooden rodents, the mud amalgams that lingered without the sentience of the womanly slimes, relegated to territorial beasts lurking in their swamps, mountains, caves, or otherwise.
Alas, the more they ventured deep into the reclusive lands beyond settlements, the more accident-prone the paths were becoming. The wooden rodents that would supply the duo with pristine quality planks to adorn the rougher logs of the house's skeleton and furniture were seemingly more interested in chewing away Amelie's clothing, their teeth, and claws, bizarrely shimmering in unnatural light mixing colors he'd know of if their little bodies weren't so quickly dash and biting at her attire.
By the time their slain bodies of more pristine woods were dissipated into utility material, ready to be processed, her outfit was falling, dripping like water on a vase overflowing, prompting Tom to haphazardly bring extra sets while awkwardly handing out another one, blindingly. And this always repeated, chewing through the extra sets over the following days, forcing the man to turn his eyes from the surprisingly nubile body of his close friend as she slowly shifted ruined sets over for new ones.
The week following, deep in the Fluorescent Gulches this would set them against the stone men filled to the brim with malleable, yet sturdy stone to further stack as polished, beautifully patterned bricks bordering on marble quality. Some of them already resembled marble statues. The serrated blades that were their arms and the spitting stones from their maws bunglingly darted at Amelie's chest, overwhelmingly so despite her supernatural dexterity to intercept them. 
And again, odd things between her and the assemblies of stone flickered such as their whip-like blades ever so briefly redirected around her ostensibly impenetrable defensive actions. If Tom wasn't so busy wincing away, dragging his eyes from her swaying, perky breasts breathing in relief from their modest attire, perhaps he would have seen it. But, constantly turned away as he was, there was no method, only the result.
To see her joyfully tippy-toe in his direction unwittingly catching her bust bouncing hypnotically in the air as they were, cradling malleable stone underneath quite caused Tom to ask for a 'break', sprinting to the nearest corner out of her view with an icy pitcher in hands forced down his throat. The twitching hard-on that threatened to rip through his pants across these increasingly common mishaps wouldn't simmer down otherwise.
The mud amalgams from the Marching Marsh Islands were the worse of the lot. Perpetually slithering in their mud skin, sliding in their sluggish walks, numerous, and moaning with their voiceless maws, shrieking with no vocal cords. A violet, brilliant orb glimmers in the front of their muddy, dripping chests, the blatant heart to their formless bodies.
The islands made off with the pretense of water, foiling the floor with an even thicker slide of mud than the Leering Forest, slick and plentiful where the mud amalgams sprouted from.
Despite the seeming easy target shining from their stomachs, the deceptive mud surrounding them made it a hardened matter. On an imminent strike upon one, the mud that composed their bodies compacted, sending shards of solid chunks, a preview of the strong adhesive matter they came here to harvest en masse. The potential that was flailing their solidified arms at the lone knight.
The stuff shattered on her blades, spreading its remnants across and bouncing off her war plates. And still, she managed, her knightly reflexes and bout of supernatural prowess gorging down the crystallized orb, forcing an anguished screech from the amalgam before it exploded in a shower of slag and mud.
The bigger lumps that remained slowly transmuted into transportable parts, wholly ready to be used at a moment's notice. The majority, however, splashed on Amelie and Tom, the latter, at a lesser rate, as he often stood close behind, taking the role as the man working behind the scene, so to say. Besides gathering the spoils, having an extra pair of eyes wasn't something Amelie was against, far from it.
But, as the day trudged forward and the mud amalgams steadily dropped under her azure and silver twins, the sky became murkier, more bloated with deep violet. Clouds aggregated where the Marching Marsh Islands situated, ready to rain down a swamp's worth of downpour.
"Hmm? Yo, Amelie, I think we should go for now". Tom looked at the sky, groaning and moaning, the prelude to a reasonably strong pouring, not wanting to have rain mix with the mud splashed over him. He couldn't be sure his companion was anywhere more comfortable with two moist sets of fluids impending her prowess, as tough as she was.
"But, good friend, there are still a few of them. I'm sure I can take them on before it starts raining." Her eyes turned to him, a blade through one of the mud amalgam and its dying wailing.
"You sure?"
"Absolutely! I shall make short work of the rest!" Her proud expression translates to heavy spending of energy as her azure blade clings against the silver one, briefly fusing the twin blades into one radiant offspring of essence and physical.
With one swing, a truly awe-inspiring tide of her pearl-blue essence is sent forth, culling whatever mud amalgam remained, setting the surroundings in a truly muddy explosion of filthy, thick brown sludge slagging all over her.
"Ohh! I didn't know there were that many." Her greatsword stands before her, catching the worst of splashes that zeroed on her like it was...guided. Her body catches a staggering amount of that hardening material. To say that she was wet was understating it.
Fortunately, to her, it was still worth the dirtying ordeal "Good friend! Look!" Tom strayed a bit further, taking on whatever shelter he could. But, looking to where Amelie pointed, a venerable harvest of binding glue-like substance waited to be collected and returned to the site of construction in the shape of meticulously bundled tubes of white and gray. All they needed was to be grabbed.
Which Tom did. Fast. But, not fast enough. He touched them, inscribing the sigil of Amelie's domain, indicating a very specific spot where the distant rift was to transport their belonging with the permission of his map. But, as he did, as Amelie joined him soon after unbinding her weapon into two again, it began to rain.
"Aw, great, now we're probably going to get heavily bogged down. This clay mud already isn't helping to begin with..." Tom whines, chiding the fast that anomalous liquid was falling.
"Oh, don't worry, good friend. This rain isn't going to make us wetter."
"Eh?" It was now truly raining The marsh was turning into a den of fog and water, sure to catch anyone outside looking like a typhoon rattled them. But, her word caught him by surprise.
"Didn't you know? Aphrodisiac rain doesn't make people's clothes wet."
"Ohh, ok, for a moment, I thought that...Wait, wait, wait...what?"
"Pink rain. Here, they call it the 'Enamoring rain'. Or 'Wonderland's Philter'. But, it's actually aphrodisiac. It won't go on our clothes because it'd prefer to pour over one's skin."
"...What? What?!"
"Here, look." Approaching the man in what now looked like a trail of pink sliding off her golden blonde hair, Amelie cupped her hands in front of Tom, showing him. On her hands, a pool of vibrant pink amassed with what looked like alluring vapors.
Vapors that called to him, reflecting her visage on its surface. Vapors shimmering off him like smoke. Then, he realized. He was getting hotter. On his face, his hands, his torso, everywhere. His clothes, splashed by the mud, were making the ordeal easier. Much, much easier for translation to his skin.
They were getting pelted by philter rain. In a swamp-like island infamous for its thick fluids. With the rain intensifying. Tom was getting hot in his nether regions. Looking at Amelie's everlasting expression of innocence made it twitch...
[Find shelter.]
"Good friend, where are you going?!" Tom bolted. Fast. [No, no, no! Not now, why now?!] The rain already was playing illusion in his mind while flustering his body. He needed to go somewhere with a shadow stat.
[Come on! Come on!] Panicked eyes screen the foggy pink atmosphere, looking for a shelter of any kind, gradually getting 'wetter' with the rain. The imagery was growing in boldness, flashing more and more ribald over his panting mind until, finally, a hollow tree [Here! Here!]
He slides and crawls inside a long-dead tree, its innards carved out for a small entrance. It looked like it could host at most, five people. He was lucky, only needing to wait out the rain that pours down in a euphoric atmosphere. As long as...as long he waited out his time in this desolate, isolate, lonely place, then, perhaps--
"There you are, good friend!" And there she came, running through this now tidal rain pelting the hollow tree, wet with its content. Her happy stride spots her eyes looking at a corner near the man. It ends with her trip through a clumsy step on Tom's chest, making absolutely no attempt at even warning him. A soft embrace welcomed him as opposed to a hard crash.
"Amelie! What are you doing?!" This is the last thing he wanted...well, his body was overjoyed, feeling a dripping, hotly throbbing chest squeezing against it with 'rain' slopping off its side to share the enamoring concoction.
His mind felt the opposite, brazenly assaulted by the soft exterior of her breasts as, again, her outfit was rendered into scrap and torn silk by the battering amalgams. The thinning stuff that was sliding off her hot body at the worst time possible was only dragging down whatever cover she may have had.
"Sorry, sorry! I wanted to take a seat beside you, but I tripped and..." He can barely hear her voice speaking from so close, not with his body almost entirely absorbed by the pure feminity laying on his torso, pressed closely, squashing her supple, bouncy features on him, never noting how aflame he was becoming.
"But..." Amelie closes in, seemingly without any objection from the man entirely caught up with preventing his nethers from sprinting alive. Too distracted, too focused on prevention, he only hears her tone as her lips whispered close to his ear. Garbled words, here and here, white noise to his brain drowned by the rain outside. Among them, however, a few stood out, softly spoken across her arms closed behind his nape.
"...I wouldn't mind staying like this. Your heartbeat feels nice against my own..." This intimately close to the man, Tom was privy to her hair, still branding that soft-spoken smell of flowers. Even as its blond beauty was a bit tarnished by the filthy mud gradually sliding off, it still conveyed its scent to the man who was being embraced by someone that didn't know how much his body was alit by her touch. 
And with the downpour keeping them locked here, Amelie was reluctantly falling asleep in his arms, the man, never knowing that he reciprocated her squeezing hug with his own. His hands fell to her waist, uncaring of the flustered lust coursing through them, uncaring of the carnal brew stewing in his mind. They just wanted to hold her close like he did, feeling her fuzzy breathing across.
And gradually, inevitably, Tommy also was visited by the impromptu sandman, slumped on his back with his close friend close by, closing his eyes to a pinkish rain that didn't seem in a hurry to cease anytime soon...
---
The night came like an avalanche crashing on Tom. They came back, the strong stench of aphrodisiac and filthy, wet mud clinging to them. This time, Tom insisted: she was first to rub all the filth away from her. after all, he didn't do as much as she could, gathering the required material for her newest domain.
Alone, the burning philter of the rain that rinsed and washed them wrapped itself around him with greater volition than in the middle of its downpour. Burned hot around every inch of his body, lighting up his skin with delight and sensitivity.
His blood travels and swirls without relent across his vein, setting him alit in a sense. Hot. Bothered. Constant. And hounded by her. Her scent on him from the hours they spent cuddled in that tree, left to sleep out the downpour. The imagery of her and her supple, womanly body, ripe for the taking.
[No...no, come on, not again...] The more Tom stood still, the more aroused he was becoming. Being huddled for so long with Amelie, as sleepy as the rain made them, roused his desire. His want. Always forced down in the dusk of night, the Philter Rain boosted it to heights he couldn't just ignore. Not anymore.
Not with every accidental rubbing she made at him. The innumerable trips slamming her against him, her and her silky smooth skin, constantly devoid of cover-up. The sights he caught, unwanted, yet so yearned for. The lips that spoke, parting, inviting. The breasts that bounced, hypnotic, alluring. The hips that dangled, ample, wide. The casual outfit that she wore, as humble as they were, yet serving only to chisel the body it pretended to conceal. And, the---
[Damn it, no...] Having his mind coerced by the thought of her forbidden fruit, hitched between her legs, flashed in repeat prompted what many men would take with delight. His leather pants, sturdy as they were, yielded to the fattening rod that perched within, wailing against its prison of layers [Where---where's the pitcher?! I'm not walking with this!!]
He storms to the kitchen his erection proudly strutting in complete indecency alongside. A cold jug of icy water should be enough--it wasn't.
"What?" Tom down the entire thing, filling his stomach with cold, hoping it would make his blood simmer down. But, as he was, it felt more like the water evaporated in cold exhalation, never calming his body down. Not wasting his time, he shoves another one down his gullet.
"What, what?!" The same thing repeated. The water dried midway, forcing its vapor out of his mouth in a breath "Tsk! That can't be happening!" And again, he tried. Again, and again. One jug. Two jugs. Three jugs.
The fifth was the last one he prepared, hoping that somehow, it could cool him down. Instead, it felt more like he was heating up, from his flustering cheeks to his throbbing erection, calling his mind to the woman he slowly began to realize he desired. His body wouldn't allow him any time to acknowledge that, he was falling for Amelie. Be it her endearing innocence, her heart-throbbing smile, her voice of honey and silk, fierce and tempered eyes...even the occasional clumsy phenomena that seems to follow her like a warping aura...
No, it wanted her now. Go to her room like he knows she did, likely too tired to do much more after that muddy walk, and the fighting in slag. It didn't care what he thought, how indecent, how brutal it sounded. His erection twitches, salivating at the prospect, broadcasting its craving in deep, head-throbs. It was no longer willing to be ignored, forced down as he did for entire weeks, months, perhaps.
It needed to be vented, now. Otherwise...
---
Twilight beams its blue hue high in the sky, gleaming Tom's path away from the door in which he ran through, heavy panting in his steps. Telling Amelie she didn't need to slave away at the kitchen, but to go rest, he waited, painfully irked in his head as his body sought an outlet to vent away its bundled frustration.
Across the shore, he runs, not know where or when, only that it needed to be far enough. Far from home, in somewhere isolated. He knows where...
The crimson tide upward slowly weave under the wind, shrouding the site he handpicked on her behalf for that new tower domain, still ripe with tools and the volume of material to build with.
Eyes polluted by the fog of want, Tom leans and sits on the legions of logs, one of them, planted with one of his equipment, an ax dimly spurred on by his presence.
Here, alone in this corner...his hand comes guiding his slender fingers to his pants, and the metallic hue between the leather comes zipping down. The boiling hotness of his rod barely feels any cooler as it rolls out of his underwear against the ambient wind.
"Ok...ok, one...just one, and it should be..." His hand travels up the shaft, grasping it by the tip. It seethed and throbbed the whole evening, churning out drips of its transparent excitement. Touching the tip coated with it feels hot.
With a strong grip, he begins moving forward and backward, massaging its hefty mass. His breathing lulls down, relegated to small, regulated gasps breaching out with each spike in sensations rippling his pole.
"..." Gradually, his hand movement becomes quicker and wetter, slick with the tip dripping occasionally, bursting in a speck. He feels his shaft searing like a snake was traveling its insides, spreading its warmth along. He was close, very close. This closure prompts his hand into a speedier traveling, making no fuss about the squishing and fluid now coating his fingers and dropping on the grass.
"..." His cheeks burn up with a stronger flow. His nostrils breathing becomes acrider, deeper, shorter. His body hunches forward, downward like an individual with a shaming secret. The imagery of her in her nude glory, concealing nothing in his deluded mind, ready to be claimed, ready to be 'devoured' everywhere pushed him beyond the point of no return.
"Hrrrnn!" His tip finally reaches its point of no return, fattened by the swirling load he holds in, looking to release as much as he can in one go. One thick release.
"Ghhhh..." At last, with a seeming eternity bubbling in his shaft, he can hold it no longer. A thick, white ooze blows out of his shaft with a vigorous stream. Like a hose, it pollutes the grass underneath with wasted desire, hotly coating it like fertilizer. It is a shamed, distraught release with none of the pleasuring feeling that usually zaps his brain.
A shaming act that persists, spewing more and more of his pent-up frustration running back weeks before. Continually streaming, spreading it on a specific spot, mounting as a pile of his seed already lukewarm from its surrounding.
"..." Eventually, it decreases, shrivels from his meat rod spewing all that it can before it also shrinks. His grip on his pole lessens, slow to move apart with the viscous residue still coating his fingers. He looks at it, a glance of shame forcing itself in his mind as the lust it subdued coiled back to the depth of his thoughts.
He looks at it intending to wipe it off as well as his pants caught in the collateral 'damage'. Or he would, pulling a tissue off one of his pockets, if not for the eyes beaming from a distance. Decreasing distance. Approaching even as Tom's instincts compelled him to momentarily forget the shame parading. His ax, a tool for cutting, could make a makeshift weapon, especially with one of the quartz still lodged on it, sprouted alive with his maroon essence.
He remains still, ax in hand, vibrating. Their stare sinks in the silence of the night for but a moment before the figure walks forth. It walks with a clutter of bells ringing from its antlers reflecting the blue moonlight.
"Oh, you're one of those 'deers'...sorry, sorry...kind of unhinged at the moment..." Tom slowly retracts his improvised weapon, feeling an odd sense of ease. Perhaps it was the shame still bogging him down. Maybe it was its attention lured by some Racy Tongues that fell close to him.
Tom hurriedly wipes away his shame from the fingers coated in it, much more embarrassed with the impromptu guest appearance. He sighs all the while, throwing away the soiled tissue before pulling his pants back up. His dirty hand shakes against the dull wind, hoping to dry it.
He feels the animal's closing walk stop nearby, slumping on its feet with chewing in its mouth. Seems like it wanted to keep him company, listen to him ramble as he began. Speaking despite himself. About himself. To a 'deer' he wasn't even sure could understand him.
With it nearby, Tom oddly rears himself upward before slumping to the beast's direction, a weird compulsion to 'talk' to it. Like it was here to listen. He wasn't sure what began to make him spill his woes to an elk, but, it became a nightly thing, to throw everything that brought him here night after night, over and over again like it was his therapist. His inhuman...snow-fur-patterned-with-joker-sigils...tolling-antlers elk.
That it slumped on the same spot close to the man only to listen to his hushed rambling with an oddly attentive ear didn't help the man's mental acuity much  "Seriously, you do not know how it feels. Just imagine this for a moment: sending and taking letters to and from someone for years. Meeting them one day. Realizing that even their most 'os' pictures(still thinking she did those on accident) did nothing to prepare you for how unfathomably beautiful they are..."
The Wonderland deer merely flaps its ears like it did every time he threw a word salad of dialogue. It didn't feel like it understood what Tom was saying despite the attentive glint in its yellow eyes. Kind of how it is to his latest raving session "...and to fall for them. Well, I fell for her. anyone else in my shoes would have fallen for her. Her occasional ditzy demeanor didn't do much to disenchant that. No, it somehow made her more endearing in her soft, gentle, twinkling innocence that makes you want to hold her close, protect her...ignoring the fact that I know nothing about fighting in the first place..."
He sighs, ignoring his mind's attempt to display the folly of throwing his woes at a deer and his nether regions still stiff with needs "With that said...I don't think I can stick around any longer." 
The deer perks up somewhat, the bells on its antlers singing in the wind.
He notes it, surprised by the stare down. The incredulous, downright disapproving gaze? "What...what? Why are you looking at me like this?"
Tom shrugs, a moment of acuity clearing his mind "Eh...what am I saying, you're just here. It's not as if you'd understand. Being around her and the disasters that seem to compel her to embarrassing positions. To unwillingly see her most alluring asset, to feel them against you over and over...for weeks."
He looks away from the elk, staring down at the spot of his 'relief' still warm with his spilled seed "...it makes a guy like me hot and bothered. Yea, I'm ashamed of that, but, there it is. Between them becoming more frequent, more intense, and that time in that pink rain, I don't know how long I can hold up with this boiling desire in my stomach. Seriously, it's like someone threw firestones in my gullet and made cooking oil out of my gastric..."
He lowers his head in his hands, looking like a drunk coming down with regrets "Man, I swear, that stupid pink rain screwed me up...it was bad enough having to endure Amelie's bouts of mishaps and bodily mistakes and all the accidental glimpses, but with it just pouring down on me, I came too close too many times to do some weird things. Did you know that she only ever sleeps with a barely tied pajama top and undergarments? The thinnest, more frilly of undergarments? I didn't...until this venting need forced me to creepily open the door to her room like I'm some kind of stalker. Tried to pull myself from the act in the first place and I ended up stopping only while next to her bed..."
 More shame drains from yet another sigh "Jeez Louise, that was---I don't know what I was about to do by then. Didn't know, don't want to know, not to her, that's for sure. I certainly don't trust myself to go back during the night to slip and slide in another scenario like this. So, guess what..."
Tom's hands move from his sweat-drenched face, his olive irises reflecting the yellow dew of the deer "...I'm staying here for the next few nights. Going to sleep, well, try, here. Every time Amelie's going to sleep, I'm sneaking over here. For however long that house of hers takes me to build. Then, I'm out, bye. Just like that."
The deer snorts. At least, it feels like it is, what with the disapproving gaze it was giving. Not that Tom was having "Dude, what are you looking at me like that for?"
The deer shakes its head firmly, snorting a second time with a noticeably less neutral expression.
"Wait, you can understand me?---" Tom mutters without thinking before shaking his head himself "No, what am I saying--you're a deer! You can't get what I'm saying, much less knowing what I'm saying!"
The bells on its antlers rattle as it nods, making a fierce contraction to Tom's accusatory tone. One of its hooves briefly pats its chest, then its flapping ear before turning the hoof in Tom's direction. It understands and apparently doesn't approve of his tactic.
"What..." Tommy mutters in whispers, again, shaking his head, again "Ok. You hear me. Who cares? I am still not sleeping back here, not while my faculties are down in the dump!"
"Wargh..." The deer bleats in objection, approaching the man from its hooves no longer slumped. A forceful hoof stamp boops Tom on the shoulder, earning a surprised glance from him.
Objection, however, comes to his forefront as it then pointed its hoof back to the direction he came from "No, no! I'm not going back! Did you not listen to a word of what I just said?! I am not right in the mind!"
"Wargh..." The deer's bleat now comes with a lower pitch, its hoof, putting the man ever so gently on his chest. Its amber eyes reflect the architect with a deep gaze, looking to play on, well... 
"What? Of course, I love her! I loved her the moment she stopped me from falling to my death when this 'cat' oh-so-unceremoniously dropped me to the height of this place. And it only grew since--wh-where are you going with this?"
The deer nods slowly, very intently, its hoof moving from his chest to the ground. Its eyes look briefly to his pickaxe currently buried in the makeshift pile of dirt. In an instant, it drew from its slumber and dashed to the deer's side, its metallic side shimmering in a yellow aura.
"??" Tom partially gets up, looking to see what the deer is doing, scratching his piece of equipment on the ground by the tip. It was a fairly impressive rendition of a heart, one drawn like what an artist would use as to make the drawing more complex.
Judging by the deer's low bleating and hoof stamping the concept of dirt and grass, and nod towards Tom, it was meant to represent his heart. It knows he loved her strongly.
The nod leans back to, once more, the place where he came from. In a fit of lucid madness, Tom intrinsically understood that it wanted him to go back. Let what happens, happen. Its gentle eyes shimmered with an inherent knowledge, something telling Tom that it was 'going to be alright'.
For a moment, the man sees it. A brief thought into how that could go. A promise...that he shakes away "No, not like this. Seriously, that would not work. Not while I'm still shaky from that stupid rain. It'd have to wait and I doubt I can hold myself from doing something stupid before the effects lull down."
"..." The deer stares at him for a moment, thoughts hidden behind its animalistic features. Almost pondering, almost measuring--
No, not anymore. That loud bleating spewing from its maw preemptively put a stop to whatever noble traits it was demonstrating. It was more akin to a sudden possession by the manifestation of rage.
Tom was literally knocked down by the impromptu, out of nowhere flight of rage it took, now flailing its hooves and kicking grass all around, a few gobs of flame erupting from its maw. Seems like it's been eating a lot of Racy Tongues as well.
"What the hell?! What's with the sudden--hey, why are you looking at me---" The deer was now fiercely glaring down at recovering Tom, a maddened grin on its mouth with an intimidating, ominous walk in his direction. More flamed smoke erupts from its nostrils and teeth.
Teeth that clutched the outer layer of his pants' edge, setting his booted foot uncomfortably close with a loud gnawing bleat "Hey--hey! Hey!!! What's the big idea, buddy?! Let me go!"
Tom's incentive is rewarded with a bundle of dirt and grass slapping his face as the rush of wind became his intimate companion. The deer was running across the fields. With him in tow. Constantly slapped and bucked against the soil. Spitting and gagging from the pure bitter of brown and green.
"Ack--ack! Argh, dude--ack--stop! Let me g---ack---o! What are--ack--ack--where are even going?!"
Seconds pass like minutes to the man, getting his teeth stuck with the fertile, bountiful ground. But, eventually, the wind began to blur and wrap around him...like he was being--
"Did you just throw me!? Why? Where did you--" The far too solid contact of a wall brushes over his chest. And feet. And legs. And face. The whole front of the man is made intimately close with a wall. A wall he knows "Amelie's pla--no, no, no, no, no. No...no! I told you, I. Am. Not.---"
Tom speaks with his teeth bucked in a grit, whispering them so slow as to make them very, vehemently clear to the deer who seemed to ignore his woe "---Doing. Anything. Here! Anymore! I. Am. Walking. Back. Now! Go! Away!"
The deer bleats, equally as irate, a grin plastered on its teeth. Its high-pitched shriek travels the nightly violet of the sky as rambunctiously as it can, stampeding and frotting around its space.
"Shh! Shh, stop blaring like a drowning miscreant!" Tom shoves a finger in front of his face in a shushing manner "Are you trying to wake the damn neighborhood or something?! Keep it down!"
The deer ignores his words, bucking and shaking its bell-slotted antlers, occasionally throwing glances at the decreasingly hushed house. The walls especially, the ones on which it was now putting with its frontal hooves, simulating the crassest of knocking on a door.
Until it didn't. The violent demeanor it masqueraded with comes to a screeching, unprepared halt. Slumped on its rump, it gleefully stares down at Tom, looking like whatever fit it had was done. Like it no longer needed to screech and rave.
"Sweet silence..." Tom sighs in relief, tempted to blare off himself, against the grinning, smugly content animal. All he can muster is a growling whisper "...I swear, it feels like you only hear the words that'd irritate me and do whatever I tell you NOT to do! Seriously, were you trying to call up  a witch hunt or something?!"
Silence. The man's head clasps on his hands the lull of his desire returned in force, gradually setting itself back as his reality as the lower region of his pants began to feel uncomfortably tight. Like something set him off "Not this again! Eugh, feels like it's setting in again. Thanks for riling me up for no reason, deer. At least, it doesn't sound like she--
His breath stops as the distinct sound of a knob being spun around reaches his ears. A flight of panic takes over Tom, immediately turned in the direction opposite to the door that was opening. A direction he cannot exactly make his way to with a deer four times his weight casually waddling on in said direction and planting its rear on the grassy floor.
"Come on, what are you do--
"Good friend? Why are you outside?"
His blood freezes surely as the light of the frame beyond the door shines from within. In its grasp, Amelie, stripped down to nothing more than what he mentioned to it in the last few days. Tom wasn't looking, facing down the creature that thought it funny to drag him by the foot.
"Oh, hello. I see you've been keeping company with my good friend. Whatever could have compelled you to get this close? You usually stay in the forest a bit further."
"Oh, yea, huh, it was making a bit of a ruckus..." Tom's mind chalks up the first thing coming out, a way to salvage this train wreck of a standoff "...heard it bleating and what-not and went out to see what was--
The deer's happy bleating catches Amelie's attention, responding to it "Oh! Really?" The door remains open behind her as she takes a few steps, her feet, devoid of any wear on them. She walks past Tom, frightening him in her silent passage he wasn't expecting. And then it hit him. She was...different.
Her hands cusp the deer's lower chin and nostril bridge, softly caressing it, never minding the protruding, never-seen-before horns glistening in the moonlight. A blonde, reflective shade slightly darker coats the four of them in their backward travel. Superimposed on one another by a few inches, they seamlessly lose their base on the blond tide of her immaculate hair.
By themselves, they would have been a startling sight. Fortunately or, unfortunately for Tom, they did not come alone, not with the flight-enabling pair of equally blond wings coated in pristine white that spiraled from her back. Large enough to spread out in lengths half her body, concealed enough that he could barely see them, folded as they were.
And, that was nothing to say of the intricate tail that was coiled around her hip, its tip, reminiscent of a fork stencil...if it was missing the middle spike to dot the thing in three pointy ends. Unlike the wings, it followed the horns' dark blond shade, matching to a tee.
And matching to the dreams he'd been having for weeks. Her horns, her wings, her tails, her sun-kissed warmth laying atop of him in the same sleep he did up to the last few days where she disappeared from his subconscious. How was it that she looked so--
"Friend?" Amelie was in front of Tom, having somehow wandered to this place from his lack of attention. So focused on his thoughts that his brain didn't really see what his eyes were conveying. Never seeing her approach, very within his reach.
He freezes again, starkly reminded of his 'rising problem' in his pants, the thing he wanted far, far away from her...currently pointing AT her, pulsating with anticipation against his dreading mind.
She was somehow much more stunning to look at, as if a veil that hid her fair features was lifted, giving him the whole picture. And his body was in overdrive. His mind, however, rattled in desperation, seeking a probable excuse to whatever she may think to---
"That thing in your pants...it isn't it never was your belt, was it?" She asks with a layer of innocence in her voice mixed with intrinsic knowledge.
"Uhh...uhh, well, see, I-i-it's--yes, yes it was. What makes you say--" The deer behind her grins still, an expression of remorseless culpability. The intent behind its smug, triumphant smirk becomes clears with Amelie's voice and her head shaking away his answer.
"He told me where you went these last nights. Away from this place of mine...and my arms. It felt lonely not being able to lay with you..." A blush strides her cheeks red with warmth. Her body throbs somewhat, too intent in its act for Tom to miss, surprised as he was.
"What? You...slept on...with me?" Taken in disbelief, he shakes his head, trying to clear away the fog of desire that was rushing across his body "Wait, wait, wait...all this time, you were just...no, that's--
"That nice lady by the city's supply barracks told me that laying with you would feel pleasant. It was, even if I don't truly understand it. My heart feels at ease beating alongside yours. To be entangled, wrapped by your gentleness...my body missed it. I missed it."
"You're telling me that you've been cuddling with me all this time...while I was asleep?"
"Mhm hmm. Though, I often wished that one of these night sessions would see you awakening so that we may cuddle more intimately. So that I may explore the bundled desire that often overflowed from my body." Her eyes are changed, yet the same. The slit that composed their heart didn't take away the gentle, innocent glimmer that shined like the moon of this land.
"Since you weren't so used to the concept of women like me, I thought to hide my more conspicuous features, hoping that the day you'd see them, that you'd..." That she had those eyes and those wings, and that tail changed nothing about how he came to feel about her. If anything, seeing her like this, whole, only enamored him. In this thick layer of naivet she was coated in, a part of her had little knowledge that his feelings were the same as hers. She didn't want to accidentally frighten him. She didn't.
"I see. So..." Tom takes the step forward. It appears she also was wanting despite not knowing it. Wanting to join him, even doing it, in a way. Though, now, seeing him wander forth, hand on her cheek, hand on her waist...
...it doesn't arm her for this sudden intake of bold that consumes him as he holds her close, aiming, closing in, and finally, stealing her parting lips in a sealing kiss. A quick one, with his mind initially rebuking his deed.
He immediately moves back, a moment of lapse compelling him so "Sh--sorry, sorry, I kind of just assumed that--" For the first time of perhaps many, Tom directly feels the strength from her arms as Amelie not-so-discreetly wraps them behind his nape, firmly securing their joined embrace in place. Her eyes are misty with curiosity and a yearning for more, already bewitched by the simple act of a kiss.
A sight Tom wastes no time correction, hurling away his overly quivering caution. Once more, he smoothly approaches, feeling her hot, cinnamon breath pursed from her parted lips currently panting for another pair. He obliges and the lock again. This time, longer, deeper, hungrier, affectionate.
Her eyes flash wide open in brief surprise before closing in, giving the stage to her taste snd touch to fully govern her direction. The blissful warmth she was gorging on overwhelms her body, making it tremble in his arms, consumed by its searing touch. Lost in the passion, she clings to Tom's imperceptibly taller frame as if to entrust herself to the man who was tasting her, feeling her just as much as she was.
The man was coming from this just as 'scathed' as she was, lost in the softness of her bountiful lips. Looking at them as they moved in their eternally gracious parting and wording lured his mind. Feeling her hot, sweet, cinnamon breath as she spoke was a degree above. So, taste it, feel it pushed on his lips as their tongues take on a ballade was beyond his initial words.
His hands grasp her waist, going down her back, her hips, even though her chiseled butt, this spot, earning him a muffled moan from his new lover. They stop just underneath, making use of his decade-long experience in lifting charges to pull her from the soil. Her pristine, nude feet clump on some of the grass as Tom, with the tunnel vision of his dearest pen pal in frontal view, manages his way by inside, her body in tow to a more simmered down elk, his grin, dissipated to a simple smirk, disappearing in the woods afar...
---
"Is...is this what a kiss feels like?" In the den of the dark, they sat, the man on the sofa, the woman on his hips. Chest against chest, thighs against thighs, heads still within a breath from the other, Amelie whispered her thought, still astounded by the first of her kiss.
"Yea, it is. I'm kind of surprised you didn't have one before. Someone like you, I expected to have someone in your life before. This place seems willing to couple you with another if I'm to judge the way the others acted."
"Well, the others, once I mentioned that man I was talking to through letters, they kind of got on board with. I'm sure I mentioned Monique as a prevalent enthusiastic gal that wanted to see...and, well, I kind of hoped that one day, we'd meet and that you could...show me things like this."
Amelie's eyes turn slightly on the side "I mean, there were men who, now that I think about it, did look like they wanted to get to know me. But, well, always seemed to have accidents that put a damper on that. With you, it feels like the opposite."
"All these years we were sending letters, you were..." Perhaps those accidental pictures weren't so accidental...though it feels more like that 'cat' Monique was 'advising' her. If the convenient 'accidents' were anything to go by, this wouldn't surprise him at all.
It doesn't matter, not now. Probably not for a while. Not while a woman of similar weight is straddling his hips, staring back with the curious, and yearning expression to feel more. Her whole apparel itself apparently was an accident in itself with the top button of her pajama flinging off her chest after a failed struggle against the squishing chest that it tried to hold in.
"Ohh?!"
"Hmm? A size too small, eh?"
"M-maybe. They usually don't break down like this..."
"Well, then, I guess we should give their passengers some space."
"Passengers? D-do you mean my...I'm not sure I understand."
"Don't worry about it, it's a figure of speech. Rear back for me, if you please." 
Amelie reluctantly does so, her arms moving away from his nape to his shoulders, awaiting whatever thought he had behind his mind. It comes quickly in the form of his fingers intentionally clasping the thick, bouncy teats that he was too often privy to. Weeks and weeks of accidentally seeing them break free from their silk and metal instilled him with a sense of want.
A firm gasp escapes the woman's lips as the foreign sensation of another's hand on her chest creeps on her. The other hand is more steady than its overexcited brethren as it plucks off one button keeping her 'content' hidden, giving ample space for the former to lure its prize out of the white silky fabric.
"Ahh..." Her gasp turned to moans as her breast slipped out, fondled like Tom was molding clay. No movement is too brash to something so delicate. It was like his hand was savoring a freshly cooked loaf of bread with the way he was squeezing and fondling, caressing the lone teat in his hand while listening to the chorus of moans her lips could not stop nor wanted to.
Amelie slumps to his free side, her body acting in tandem as to giving him a bigger reign for his fingers to suckle and tease the tip of her mammary. Tom wasn't exactly holding himself steady either, what with the short, repeated breathing his nostrils were. Not to mention the burning brand parading across his cheeks "It's bigger than what I expected."
"I...I was told that men 'like them big'. Never really knew what Gracie meant before."
"Well, yes, but, it depends on each one. Small, big, average, doesn't matter much if they're attached to someone they love."
"So, my assets are pleasurable to you?"
"Well, if the way I'm fondling it doesn't give it away, I've been kind of, well, thinking about touching them for a while now."
Amidst her moans, Amelie snickers a bit "So laying close to you at nights worked? Gracie said it would."
"You know you could have awoken me for that, right?"
"I thought about it. But, feeling your heart beating always put me to sleep before I could."
"Hehe, you're an easy sleeper if this is enough to put you to sleep."
"...maybe."
"Well, I think I'm owed compensation, then. If you don't mind, turn around for a bit."
"A-alright..." Making use of that surprising dexterity, Amelie shifts her body, plopping Tom's hand from her bare breast, bouncing in the sudden detachment as her back now faced his front. His hands come laying on her belly, quickly joined by her delicate pair, wanting nothing more than to feel his palms embrace her stomach.
In this back hug, Tom feels the full pull of an embrace with a monstrous woman, emphasis on the 'woman' size. That the horns and wings and the tail that looked like an incomplete fork appeared in his dream said much about how unproblematic they were to him. As said before, he was seeing all of her and couldn't get enough of it.
"Am I not too heavy?" She asks, her visage threading scarlet lines.
"No, you're fine. This is fine. Means I can..."
"Can?"
"..." Tom got the cold feet. Indulging in a few samples of his friend-turning-lover as he was, his body wanted more. Much more. And it made him know by the fierce throb of his nether region.
"Friend? Are--" Amelie swiftly turns, sensing a bit of distraught from the man who, a moment ago, was fondling her to much of her ever-surprising, yet seemly satisfaction. This sudden case of cold turkey prompted up her dormant succubus instincts, directing her body to face him directly. A direct resolve to, perhaps...
"Hum...maybe I'm moving a bit fast. This is all new to you, is it? Wouldn't want to rush anything, so, we could call it a night and--
"No, friend. I'm...I'm fine. I trust you." Closely, she whispers, close enough that Tom can kind of see himself in the reflection of her azure eyes "I don't have much experience in this 'couple's caress'. But, my body feels at ease with you even if the sensation is new to me. I'd like you to continue to show me, please..."
With a deep inhalation, Tom concedes "Ok, turn around." She does, her back once again against his chest. This time, with a hand laying on his arm that reached out to encircle her chest, trembling, but a firm token of faith. 
He feels her hand quivering atop his, too timid to ask what was next. The answer comes in his other hand making a visual scene of traveling her waist down to the nether region, deliberately slipping down to her ocean underwear.
Her lower ends soon feel what her eyes see as one of his fingers, the leader of his palm, dares a lick. It comes, landing on the thin undergarment, already propping up a quivering reaction out of Amelie's body, more aware of the act than its owner. The finger, in a hook-like position, then reels back and forth, effectively rubbing on her pinkish flesh. Even covered by the thin fabric, the very sensitive spot he was now playing with...
"!!" The simple flicker of his finger sends her body into a fervent shock, delightfully at the man's mercy as her hushed gasps steadily became moans "Ah...ahh...ahh--ahh, what is--!?"
The clutch on his waist-wrangling arm strongly tightens as she slowly succumbs to the pleasures that were filtering through her forbidden spot. The formless, invisible wave of tingling wraps around her mind, slowly, step-by-step, feeding her with the utmost delicacy of the ever-so-careful index pressing and scraping at her feminine front door.
Tom is focused, as focused as he tries to, having the woman that foamed in his deepest dreams of years rattling in his arm. Her short, tempestuous gasps and the moans they trudge behind are nothing short of exciting elements compelling his gain in depth and pace.
"Ahh--ahh--ahh--I'm--I'm--" The fleeting sensation of hotness coats on his lone finger, so engrossed at touching the delicate spot that the man behind it only registers its sticky, heated fluid by the contrast of the lukewarm room's ambient.
"Hmm?" Tom takes his finger away, feeling a thin, transparent fluid threading it and Amelie's crotch like a spider web, looking at what latched on. It was clear, yet opaque, trickling down the finger with a trail of it behind. Warm to the sensation and slightly thick in its descent. Her body clearly was reacting to his fingering touch.
"Ahh...ahh...astounding..." Amelie's panting reels back to a regular rhythm, spewing thick, cinnamon-rich puffs with a glint immersion in the corner of her eye. An eye and a hand reaching for Tom's respective eye and cheek. A plea for him to guide her deeper into this foreign feeling was as clear at the cloud-acrid skies.
So he went. Again. His finger, making a mockery of the pretense of her underwear, not that he'd openly express this, and plunging inside it. To say that Tom had been dreaming of a moment like this, where he'd hold his lightly naive, breath-taking pen pal close as he gradually surrendered to the deepest desires of his mind was underselling it.
Her soft moans as he rubbed the tip of her raw pink flesh were a degree higher than the hushed gasp when her panty was in the way. This time, a daring index had developed a craving. The entrance of her womanhood was sweet enough as it is, soft and plump, soiled with her body fluid from its stimulation. How plump could it be from the inside?
Tom got to find out, inserting his lone, bold index in the depth of her vaginal walls, earning a surprised shriek from the Wonderland succubus "Ahh!? Ahh--~
Feeling her roaring, tumultuous delight shaking at the edge of her body emboldens Tom, now lured to twist and gently scrape his finger in her flesh walls, grabbing her teat with his free palm like a man starved for buns.
Stimulus afflicts the swordswoman, unable to conceal, let alone hush her gnawing wails from the two-front fondling. Squeezing and massaging from the hand suckling and nibbling her chest. Scraping and winding from the finger, thick with her musk, washed in her scent as it explores undisclosed territory, a place no other ventured.
As he loses himself to the act, Tom's pace winds up, his lust inflating. He tasted her lips, now he samples the rest, finding it more than breaking even the height of his hope. To hear her moan, to feel her gasp...to welcome her trembling and concede to her hands subtly leading his own, legacy of her monstrous instincts, resonating even with a sexually innocent woman. 
It is a snail's pace, devoid of rush, of impatience that might have compelled others to skip some steps. Still, even with his actions devoid of expertise, hitting her right notes was easy when this close. It becomes too much, the stimulus of her gland and nipple, too much. Her body reaches its peak, bordering on exploding. Closer and closer to the squirming, panting edge "Wa--I'm--I'm going to--
And it spills over, burst open by his unrelenting attention. Her body erupts in a surge of pleasure coursing across her skin, strongly fed by the aching nether that spills over in an orgasm "Ahhh---Ahhh!"
Hotness rewards Tom's hand that was teasing her bottom with its spitting, thick fluids painting his finger whole, constricted by the fleshy walls that it was licking. His hand feels the lovingly compressed climax lock it in place, pumping its warmth, a warmth that surges to his body.
Between it, and her grasp on both wrists, Tommy could not hope to come out of this unscathed, glued to Amelie's twitching orgasm, the hot moans and gasp rolling forth, pushing her tear ducks to singular, smoldering tears of delight. "Ahh...ahh, amazing, I feel...hot."
The summit of her climax gradually sinks as felt by the walls of her lower part loosening their grip on the index that brought them high. Her moans now spit small gasps and coughs. Her body slumps back on Tom's chest, resting.
"Friend...~ Her hand weakly seeks his cheek, looking to grace it with intimacy. He sees it and guides it close to his now hotter side. He was fired up, having 'devoured the samples' of her body.
Turning slightly to meet his eyes, she speaks, a docile voice "That...that was wondrous."
"You're telling me," he speaks back with a raspy, infatuated voice, barely able to keep his calm. The raging erection that came from her orgasmic lullaby no longer wanted any substitute. Nothing less than to gorge on her now aching snatch, dripping with a craving of its own.
"I was told that...Gracie told me that...that this is the part where you..." She didn't need to finish that sentence, as oddly timid she became in this clarity. He was to leap at her, flustered and bothered as she is, relief himself with her body, thrusting and grunting like an animal, robbing her of her virginity.
Of course, even with the appetite riding his cheeks, he wasn't so callous as to just act on it. Or even act to it...if not for her speedy turn, chest pushed against his, freshly quivering. Quivering torso, quivering hands reached behind his nape, quivering lips, quivering breath, all very close to the man, so caught by surprise as to have his hands instinctively idle in midair.
Unsure how to spell it out, she just straddles the man, hoping that he'd relent, show her more, teach her body more. And make her his. She gulps, lost in the unfathomable ways this could go. Wherever it was to go, she can never go back to just laying on him in his ignorance, lured by the inaudible whispers of her body.
Fortunately for her, following in his sudden and undisputed ability to read what was she wants to say without knowing how to, Tom whispered back "Are you sure? I...if we keep going, I don't think I'll be able to stop before--
"I trust you!" Her eyes close in as they close bit a margin "Whatever you'll do to me, I trust you. If it's you. I can feel it, even if I do know nothing about its gnawing."
With a deep breath, he braces himself, letting his reason slip away, fanned by her explicit consent "Alright. Then I'll..."
---
"On the bed?" With the fervor of his nature of work, Tom carried Amelie in bridal style to her room, the unsurprisingly most decorated place of her house. The gold-broiled banners dressed on each wall said as much. It was her sanctuary, a spot he remembered noting being ornate in his blueprint.
But, this could wait. The decorum, the immaculate beauty, the hows of when he'll furnish her new room in her skeletal housing. His mind is honed on the woman herself, laying on the small bed, ready to carry a sleeping adult.
"Yea..." Thinking isn't present in his impulse-driven motion, guiding his climbing steps on the bed, bucking under his added weight "Assuming your bed can handle what's coming."
"So, it's going to be as vigorous as what we did in the living room."
"Uhh...a bit more. Which is why I must ask you..."
"Hmm?"
Tom takes a deep inhalation "If at one point, you start hurting, tell me, show me, I don't know how but make me know and I'll stop."
"Ehh? Why? Will it hurt?"
"Well..." Tom's feverish desire comes to a screeching halt as he idles on the bed's edge "...a woman's first time can."
"A woman's first--" Amelie dressed up on the bed, curious about that saying, though the answer does flash in her eyes "Oh, you mean taking my maidenhood."
"Yea, that--pff!!" If Tom was drinking something, it'd be soiling the ground right now "What?! Where did you--
"Gracie told me that it might sting a bit, but..." Her arms take his fingers in.  They guide them close, close to her precious, intimate spot, putting his palms just above them. And again, with a smile that can disarm the most violent of warriors, she declares "...with you, I know I'll be able to endure whatever bit of sting and hurt may come our way. So, please, don't worry about it. I know you'll be gentle with me."
His eyes stray down her underwear, that small spot damp, still quivering, luring him in. Then, to the woman herself, again, wanting nothing more than to experience, to feel him. The desire he put aside by worries returns to the forefront, acting on its own.
Her undergarments, the sole barrier to her maidenhood, are promptly grasped and removed, traced across her pristine, smooth feet with a trail of fluid still connecting her now bare pious entrance to its silky departure.
Tom slowly guides it down her feet, leaving its moist middle to fall down the floor. Then, his pants' zipper came undone, opening the overdue erection's display to the outside, to a fervent...pout of the Wonderland succubus. Innocent as she was, her mind could recognize the shape that she accidentally bumped at numerous times.
"Friend...it really wasn't your belt, then. Why did you come and pretend it was?"
"Uhh...I didn't want to come off as some pervert? Wouldn't have been fun if I told you that you accidentally bumping me like this got this sort of response."
An unconvincing response to the persistently pouting woman, cheeks blew wide like a pufferfish "But you still could have told me instead of running off in the night. Hmpf..." Her cheeks burn with anticipation, her arms stretched wide. The pouting diluted, giving way to a more wholesome side glance "...make up for the time we wasted, then."
"Alright..." He approaches, his anaconda throbbing, salivating in intuition, finally ready to feel her. He feels her hands weave around and behind his nape, his incoming weight pushing her against the bed.
Her legs opening, making way for the twitching rod nearing. To says that it was hungry for her was an understatement. Itw as starved from weeks of unintentional teasing and self-denial, somehow backed up despite having relieved itself for the last few nights.
Amelie's thighs, like her tails, act on instincts, both wrapping around Tom's waist, welcoming the pent-up frustration that never really left him. Seeing his towering approach makes her breathe with excitement, breathing thick, foggy breaths that carried her special cinnamon flavor.
Then, she feels his tip knocking at her vaginal entrance ~Ahh, its...its...ahh~ Tom takes a position over her, hands anchored around her shoulders, ready to penetrate her shivering snatch.
The warmth spilling from her confines lures him like a moth to a hot flame. With a gradual mindset, he slowly penetrates her, burying his cock inside her. Every inch he gains brings an elongated moan out of Amelie, her eyes wincing while her hips gyrate in twitching spasms, stopping only as it becomes apparent that his pecker hit a wall. Her hymen wall.
With one thrust, his thick meaty pole punctures through, kissing the entrance of her womb in one move. Immediately, Tom feels a different coat of warmth coursing throw his marble-hard cock. He looks down to Amelie, her wails snapped shut to gritted teeth as a sharp, but brief ounce of pain passed through. Though, looking longer, it was more like a sting than foremost pain.
His hand seeks her cheek, bringing comfort that she eagerly accepts, her lips wolven back to a parted smile sure to make his heart melt by its radiance. She was alright, despite the remnants of her virginity now trailing a crimson path along his shaft. No need for him to hastily pull out...
...not that he could with her tail intimately wrapped around his waist, stronger than he anticipated. Also, not that he had any idea about pulling out, not when this connected to his love. Positioning himself better with his 'tool' deep inside her, Tom slowly, but surely begins thrusting.
The room turns to a sanctum of inexperienced, but enthusiastic moans from the Wonderland swordswoman, gasps, and wails spilling aplenty from her 'O' lips. Every thurst pounding against her womb is a lesson to make her a woman, a lesson she takes with fervent delight, judging by the way her hand narrowly sought out her lover's pair, fingers laced together.
Her brilliant, azure eyes flicker with vigor every time his gland smooches up to her entrance, bringing her close, closer, closer still to a grander climax. She is lost to the typhoon of lovemaking, her body, rattling to the weight of his gorging mass.
Her breasts buckle and bounce in perpetual motion up and down.
Her legs fiercely rattle, at every thrust, clasping back to his hips, requesting more. More thrusts, deeper thrusts. Stronger thrusts.
Tom loses himself to the burning swath clinging on his rod, making it a tight effort for him to pull out every hit to push it back in. Holding any semblance of composure by his hands keeping a slight distance became mook, an obstacle.
He leans in, still slamming his pelvis against hers, consumed by her feminine warmth, the flavors it drowns his cock in. A hand behind her head, an arm behind her waist, he embraces her, allowing her legs a greater hold on his battering hips.
~Closer...close to me.~ She welcomes his approach, snaring him close to her visage, her gasps, and shimmering eyes, crying out in quiet happiness ~My heart is beating so strongly, can you feel it?~
"Yes, yes I can. Mine does too. I wouldn't be surprised if they beat in tandem."
~Ahh, this is so amazing, I'm glad I please you as well~ Her whisper is silent to the mashing of fluids below their regions, yet his ears hear only her affectionate words, feeling her heart beating alongside his more than the mess dripping between their crotches.
"Ohh, I think I'm...I might need to slo--
~No, please, keep going. I want to be yours, wherever, whenever. I want to feel your hotness pour in. Yours and yours only.~
"Ok...ok. Hope you don't mind if I stick around more, then. I can't exactly just go back after this..."
A whisper to his ear, hot breath, and clinging arms ~I couldn't be any happier if you remained by my side, my love.~
This sudden acuity in tones pushes Tom over the edge, relegating it to a later sample as it almost feels like...the heat of her vaginal walls burns away this thought, to return to in due time.
For now, thrusting faster and deeper, Tom is in a race to the inevitability. The weeks of pent-up teasing and frustrating denial were gathering in his shaft, bloating his penile tool to a critical mass, knocking at the doors of his gland with increased mass. Every smooch it left on her unspoiled womb gave them a greater incentive in numbers and thickness.
More.
And more.
And much more.
His gasping was a sign that he was close. And still, he thrusts deep, drinking in her chorus of delighted moans and wails, speeding the process.
With a few more thrusts, on the verge of breaking, he pushes his hips as deep as he can, ensuring that his release would be as profound as it could. As it was, the entrance to her special place was open to it.
Be it by her stiffening hands, her wrapping legs, or even the tail that now too to be as strong as steel cords, Amelie held him close, feeling the final epitaph to her maidenhood. Their lips seal in the middle, finally, finally pushing him beyond.
The kiss stops, lips barely separated as noted by the trail of saliva still connecting them. Tom feels a surge of warmness explode from his shaft, now spewing the fire hot seed of his desire very deep inside her.
Amelie ushers in a hushed orgasm, much stronger than what his finger could hope to cause. Her previously pure spot, close to many, was now being painted white with the potency of a man who held on for weeks.
~Hot...so hot, it's hot...~ Like a water cannon, his cock hoses in his thick, plentiful batter, uncontrollably spewing more and more. His hands hold her close as well, returned by her trembling, rattling arms. The pleasure that was spreading was undeniable to Amelie, whose body was drinking the deep white that was making a home in her womb, filling a majority of it.
The thunderous cacophony of his discharge lulls down, having spent this passion in its entirety. Amelie's nether walls quiver, half in an attempt to milk him out of more. Mostly just recovering from this fiery emission.
~Hah...hah...so much...~ Amelie lays in bed, her first bout of drinking the seed of a man proving to be tiring despite her succubi physiology. A happy, glistening--
~Ahh? Are you not done, my love?~ Still, she feels his rod remain as hard as marble, twitching and gathering more to shoot her with.
"Unfortunately not. I have...weeks of...well..."
Amelie giggles, stroking his lips with a quick peck, setting his engine in overdrive again ~I understand. Please, let me relieve you until you are empty, I will gladly accept your needs.~
"Well, alright then. I have a bit of backing, though." He had a lot of backing.
~It's alright. I don't think I'll be able to go too many days without feeling your warmth enter my precious spot. Anytime you feel the need, you won't have to run off in the forest again. I'll be here for you as you were for me...~
The night was sleepless, spent in the love of one another. Her shouts, her moans, her quivering whispers, all compelled him, urged him. Made her his again, and again, and again. Until he was spent, drained by the woman who, by the morning under a booming sun, was laying atop of him.
The tempest was long gone, leaving her asleep, her precious maidenhood filled with his seed, dripping, leaking on the bed they now shared. The broken collapsed bed that never was intended for a night's lovemaking. An entire night of lovemaking.
She was happy, even as these feelings would still need to be explored, again and again, such as the nature of her kind. And her pen pal, her new lover was none the wiser to guide her whenever she'd ask, the one which's heartbeat she was sleeping to, feeling his hands shelter her from the room's steaming temperature. He wasn't going anywhere anymore...
---
The booming sun, so impatient to flash its awakening, no longer bothered him in this morning. Whether because he had his sweetheart clinging still to his as he woke up, straddling the bed's edge with her sleepy, docile shape...
...or because his flaccid 'tool' was so dry that a day's worth of teasing and accidental slips couldn't even get it to glance the chance of an erection, it wasn't certain. What was certain, however, is that clarity rested on his shoulder. He wasn't sure how to explain it, but, he felt the absence of...accidents.
Gone, replaced by the trail of a couple. He didn't mind carrying her to the bathroom. As it turns out, even if his insertion didn't hurt her much, a night's worth of copulation with a maiden woman tended to make her legs somewhat unreliable for walking.
They bathe together, dress together, and eat together. Whatever spacing that was no longer belonged. Not by him, not by her.
"I'm ready, darling!" Amelie was the first impatiently at the door, ready to pounce through it. Today was the day they'd finally get to properly build the new house. The skeleton farmed from the leering bulks now mounted its bones with extra to spare.
She was giddy at the prospect of seeing her dream house coming to life, more so now that the man that was responsible for crafting it became her darling, her faithful.
"Great, great, just packing up my things and...ok. I'm good, let's go." Tommy joined her, a back full of items, the stuff he never really thought to refurbish. Glistening as they are, it was like they were new.
"Let us--" Amelie burst open the door, her enthusiasm quickly shifted to confusion "--go?"
"Hmm? What's up? Wait, what?"
The Alician succubus, as he would much later come to know her species, came to him, a pitcher of bio-illuminated energy idle in violet potency between her gauntlets. The top was glowing in its bright shade, leaving the bottom to a darker color.
Tom takes his hands on the glistening batch of bubbling fluorescence, setting it up close to his eyes as Amelie leans in, equally curious. The pitcher itself was more of a deep dark blue than the violet liquid swirling inside, filled to the perfect brim. Tom was starring at it, completely lost in what its supposed to be "Do...do you get these often?"
"It's the first one I got. I am as surprised, beloved."
"Hmm..." A shrug passes by Tom, who simply looks for the most empty room to place it in "I'll ask someone about it later. I doubt you want us spending the day trying to figure out what this is."
"Oh, yes. I am certain we can figure this out some other time. Maybe if we pass by someone--right now, however..." Amelie was already out of curiosity for that anomalous item. Her forked tail was wagging rather excitedly, thinking about her new place "...I think we still have much more important matters at hand."
"Right, we do. Better get a leg on it, then."
"Yes! Let's!"
Her excitement prompts her snow-white wings up, leaping and darting around the house in a ring of velocity. A swift way to catch the man impromptu in his steps ahead for a quick dash to the birthplace of this edifice that was to be her home. The 'Towering Vigil' as she'd call it.
Under the shadows of its skeleton, Tommy, at last, began his real work. Collecting the resources that he couldn't buy, digging the ground, it was all small potatoes. Now, he could start building the floors, set walls around, over and under them, reinforce them with the strong marble-like stone and the glue between--
Wait...
The construction was going very well as something emanating from his element. But, he began to notice a few things. Tom looked at the schematics, the blueprints, having to count the resources again.
Every time a segment was built with the help of Amelie who turned out to be a very efficient assistant despite her lack of knowledge of architecture, Tom had to take a look back. Back to the partial raising. It looked...bigger than what he remembers. He wasn't sure how, but the place seemed to have taken a one-and-a-half increase in length and broad.
And the material seemed to agree with him, necessitating more than what he remembered. The gathering of resources and the counting he did ended with a fair amount of spare processed material to use for their leisure. But now, it looked like every drip of supply was going straight into it.
He wasn't sure whether his initial measurements were right, but didn't give too much thought into it. Then the Towering Vigil was done, ready to be furnished from the inside. And he got inside, followed in tippy toes by Amelie, ever excited to walk inside her new place.
"Magnificient!" She declares, running amok the empty halls and stairs, spreading her palms all over the walls. In one instance, her lowered form was an ear on the newly polished wooden floor, knocking on it with bated breaths.
"I already love it!" The other, she was coursing her hands on the ceiling while hanging on the ceiling, like a spider, feeling the perfect slabs merged behind a sturdy wall, waiting to be formally decorated, like the rest of the tower house. Each floor was to have a theme behind it. A kitchen, a living room, bathroom, on and on. Every room available on a house was to be featured on the venerable colossus that was Amelie's new place to call home.
It was also much bigger than what Tom anticipated, made manifest now that he was walking inside, watching her run up and down the stairs like a child discovering a new place "Doesn't make a lot of sense..."
"What doesn't?" She asks, still eyeing the potential in their surrounding, reaching out to a window chiseled midway among a few where the sunlight beamed in.
"This place feels like it wasn't made for one person to live. The rooms are way too large for a cozy solitaire."
"Ohh..." Amelie smiles, a flicker of cunning in her eye "Of course not. It's made for two."
"Ohh, make sen--what? I don't recall making this place this big."
The humming succubus knight hovers and spins a bit his way, rotating as to have her hands end close to his "I asked Clementine to make a few edits to your schematics while we were out. Made sure they'd be reasonable enough to not disembowel the entire structure."
"Ohh, ok..." Tom nods, not immediately catching on. When he did, however, "Wait, what? You had someone jury rig my plans?"
"Mhm, hmm. She knew just enough to make sure that the small edits I requested would be big enough for my new house to become 'our' new house. Since we're closer than friends and...I mean, I was going to ask during the building, hoped that you'd remain by my side and thought that the house was going to be too big for two..."
"Ok...since when?"
"Hum, I'd say about the moment she proposed that we gather our raw stuff to build. I don't recall you being able to hear us."
So she went and shifted a few parameters around. With the thought that he'd want to stick around, make this meeting of theirs a more permanent vocation. Well, hearing that confession about her sleeping on him for a while, which doubled down as a one of love certainly did the trick.
"I didn't think you were so eager to have your boy stick around longer."
"The night we, well...it made it clear to me. I couldn't go back to just writing back to you while we were so far from each other. Even before then...while we talked and walked and went about the distant, hostile territories, I...it was still clear to me that I'd want to...to keep you by my side..."
So she had the same feelings about him despite that endearing innocence of hers. Didn't know that she could just confess and went through some subtle, hidden enlargement of his work he agreed to make for her, unintentionally turning it in a couple's nest.
Well, now, he's really not going back, not with this effort to keep him close to her. Close as he was, a hand on her waist, fingers cupping her chin, foreign emotions coursing through her body as he stole yet another kiss. That she loved him this much only made the man want to profess his in return, allow himself to these small moments to fan this nascent flame.
~Hmm...hah...~ Her hands laid on his chest, she smiles her signature simper ~Hehe, I'm glad...~
"Same. Although, after I'm done with this one, I doubt there's going to be much for me to do"
"Actually..." The tail that swayed with animation stopped, inquiring closer.
"Hmm? What is it?"
"You might have some inquiries. A few..."
"What kind?"
---
"Back so early, are we?" Back to the heart of this settlement, to the city of unorthodox patterns and juxtapositions, the duo now a couple wandered forth to its depths, the land merging fresh stocks and rifts to lands beyond. The maddened hatter whose smooth ink changed his schematic greeted them as they were looking over where to start.
"Yes. Turns out that we may have a few people coming to ask for something like what we're currently making and I'd like to get ahead of it."
"Ah, yes. That oddity you're fixating somewhere near. Seeing as it finally brings our local Alice nearby, I'd grant this as a win. Not to mention the rather serviceable man she managed to wrangle as well~ Her crimson eyes wink at Tom, who was more caught up with something else.
"Alice?"
"Her species. Understandably, you are confused about the name, but the distant queen decreed it such. Think of her as a succubus, if you will."
"Huh..." Tom glances at the still-gazing Amelie, currently looking over what kind of creature she would prefer to fight first based on her memories. Looking at her acutely demonic horns and wings, not to mention the tail, unmistakable "I think I got that, yes."
"Well, alright. Surely you wouldn't mind taking my request first, then?"
"Oh, yea, sure--what?"
"She did tell you: those odd buildings you have acuity for are fairly popular, a change to the usual chaos that populates this realm. A lull, if you will. I am no different in the sense that I would love to acquire a piece of sanctuary like your dear's. It might make fallen humans here less reserved about having a longer stay."
"So I'm not the only one who dropped here."
"Far from it. Many do go back, however, not too accustomed to the realm's exotic tastes. Considering you are here to stay, I assume that having a beautiful knight and a piece of 'more mundane' land are responsible for this.
"Well, having a familiar place sure helps me...even if we have to get the stuff in ways radically different. Not that I mind, now that I think about it."
"Well, why not make use of that philter essence I'm sure you got after that most certainly cute coupling with that loveable innocent lady of yours?"
"Wait...you mean that weird pitcher that just appeared in front of her door?"
"Mhm, that one. The thing you use to buy things here. As you can imagine, the love between two here...and much more convenient realms and settlements can be filtered to the essence that will coagulate nearby those who made them. An essence that, in the hands of knowledgeable ones, can craft many things."
"Really...so, just...ohh...ohh..." A red stigma strides across Tom's cheeks. Giving in to his desires, never really leaving him, could get them more pitchers, a sort of currency, to live off here...
This was ultimately just a bonus to him, though. The idea of fondling and caressing his bright-eyed swordswoman was more than enough for him. A yearning that was oddly peaking right about now "Yea, think I'll hold on to them. I can, however, bump you up as my first...client? Whatever, seeing as you kind of helped me anyhow..."
"Excellent. Though I would be willing to 'lend' you some of the vast supplies I have stocked here, I have a feeling you'd prefer some 'alone time' with your tender half, hmm? An excellent excuse to get your two heads somewhere desolate, hmm? Though I know you're not the kind to make a far traveling without fruits."
"What? No, no, I'm sure that place of yours would require--
"Darling! I have found a fondest place for us to start with!" Amelie came running, an arm coiled around his, pointing excitedly to a rift "Can we go? I long to get my sword arm stretched since those few leisure days of construction."
"Yea, sure, let's." Still threading that crimson line on his face, Tom, followed by his unsheathing Alician knight, dip headfirst through a rift deep in a swamp, a formless one. They disappear to a smirking hatter, making sure to remember to insert her wanted schematics under the door of their new love nest.
All for him to get away from her assumption. Her, accusatory, smearing, unwanted...
---
...not-all-too-far excuses, as benign, innocent 'accidents' began anew. Hidden from all eyes, in corners scarcely explored, Tom's yearning growled in sample amount, seemingly often compounded by Amelie's approach, a wondering eye, and an unknown need to cuddle.
Hidden from all eyes in the corner of places isolate or desolate, she gasps, she moans, feeling his hands fondling her bosom, breathing short puffs as her chest plate idled somewhere nearby.
As Tom would learn, Amelie looked ever more forward to this 'massage', excuses on his end to feel how 'bountiful' her body is. Be it by the deep, elongated kisses they share between hunting and gathering. Be it by the way his hands enthusiastically rub and caress their favorite 'part', it became frequent, a moment to release some tension.
~More...please, more. Let me feel more.~
A lull to stoke the bonds that made them closer masqueraded as an excuse of 'relief'. A piecemeal for when they'd return to the monolith that became their housing, her approach to the man whose love blossomed into a perennial of gild petals and a sweet fragrance, still encumbered by accidents tuned to the more wholesome sort. 
Falls designed to see her in his arms, tumbles compelling her husband to catch her, hold her closely, mishearing bringing them together in the bath, always leading the same convergence.
"Do you wish for my company, beloved?" With her embrace, her warmth hugging his chest, making herself available for another 'experience' in bed, prone to see a night devoid of sleep between them...
---
"Mon', I think it's better to drop it." Months passed by, much to the somewhat irate feline woman, who, trailing the ever slightly clumsy knight woman since, has been losing her and quarry.
"Not before I make them yield, Gracie. This boy has been eluding my every attempt to make him hot and bothered despite the increase in lecherous incidents. And that poor girl seems ever the oblivious kind Seriously, you'd think that, by then, his 'pocket tower' would have jumped out of his pants already!"
A blackened woman tanned in caramel and black scales lays on a high perched tree, her weight offset by the wind of her wings. her unconvinced stare leers at the Cheshire, who, far from keeping a leisure pose, was scanning from atop forest of crimson leaves. The licorice-looking branch they were sitting on hide them, less so her frustration.
"Look, surely you must have heard it, a couple wandering back and forth from the depths with an elk ahead. They were hand-in-hand too, Wouldn't that be enough?"
"Not before I see it for myself. For all I know, he's still going off tugging at his neglected piston down in the night after fruitlessly trying to avoid what should be a woman waiting to take all of his pent-up angst."
"Then maybe you shouldn't get too much of a fright following them in the depths? What happened to 'trailing them wherever'?"
"Have you ever been in the depth of anywhere before? Did you forget how annoying it is to have to deal with the rabble down here? The creatures, the terrain, and the constant weather?"
"But you can teleport--
"Yea and the stuff does too. I told you already, trans-dimensional shifts don't work here. I can't phase out of it as I can here! And I am not spending another night combing my entire fur just because some idiot boy is going this far out of his way to deny the fact that he wants to pin her, ravish her silly! I'll just cloud his mind a bit today, maybe taunt him about that poor girl still so unaware of her feelings..."
"I'm telling you--
"You've been 'telling' me for the last week already!"
"Alright...don't say I didn't warn you..."
"Whatever, shut up, the lights are off. They're probably going to sleep." Monique's signature poof of heterochromia spreads out as she shifts from location to location. From the branch to a window of a towering edifice. A masterpiece of architecture weeks in the working. The marble bricks, white in their lusters, were perfectly arranged, co-joined in a venerable wall that could take as much damage as it looked stunning.
Monique perched on the highest window, the inside that she once spied on, the bedroom "Come one, boy, just go to sleep, I know you do at this time."
"Sounding a bit like a stalker..." Gracie hovered close, taking a more relaxed glide down to meet her friend, admittedly curious about the decorum.
"You would too if you had a sweet thing just aching to--huh? Huh?!"
"...what?"
"What the--hah?!?"
"What?"
Monique was facing the window, the blue moon, shining behind her. It glimmered inside the would-be still room, the ambient darkness that ruled it. Only, that wasn't what she was watching.
No. Squarely in the middle of the nightly light, movement. Slow, deep movement. A movement that inadvertently was striking a very dirty chord in the feline woman "By the queen..."
"What?! Let me see! What's getting you so hot and--ohh..." Gracie bumped heads with Monique, taking a bit of space in the looking window. A window looking into a moaning, straddling knight, her eyes barely open, glistening in the night like the light of the moon.
Under her very naked, wet hips, a rod soaked in her feminine juice, bucking and threading thin, yet thick fluid webs between her crotch and her husband's. Her breasts bounced softly with every downward thrust of her hips, tirelessly slamming against the enduring erection.
One of her hands was clenching Tom's, their fingers, joined in blissful matrimony. Her other hand was idling on his bare, chiseled chest, polished through months of struggling and thriving in the most dangerous depths of Wonderland. Gathering and construction, marching and sprinting. For their house, those of requested clients, so on and so on.
With his free hand cuddling her hip, slowly guiding it to work, it was clear that Amelie was in the throes of lovemaking, a slow, deep, emotional lovemaking that was already making an impression on the voyeurs.
"W-wow, she's...she's really going at it..." Monique was feeling the pull of the scenery, its second-hand influence warping her perceptions behind the thin glass. Their perceptions.
"No kidding, I didn't think she had it in her to be straddling him like this..." Gracie's draconic breath oozes excited fans of flames, enraptured at the sight of the least likely of women so lost in this couple's nightly coupling. So much, in fact, that--
"Damn, to think I thought he'd just--" Monique's ears jolt in place, stiffening as her friend suddenly shouted.
"Yea, go girl! Mash that piston, show it who it belongs--
"Shut up! Shut. Up!" Monique was quick to shove a hand on her comrade, panic in her pitch "Screaming like this is going to get us---caught?"
The indoor movement stopped The darkness became more pronounced by the stillness. It...and the deep slit glare emanating from within. Azure eyes wreathed in a most displeased expression reflected the two, who quickly ducked under the window.
"Damn, did they see us?"
"It'd be most apt to ask whether they HEARD us, don't you think?!"
"Hey, you're screaming right now!"
"Not so much screaming as shout-whispering, you idiot!"
"It's the same, you 'Vana Gogery' painting! Keep it down already, maybe they'll think some critter passed by!"
Cradling the edge of the window, just underneath, they waited, quietly panting, never noticing the mass creature wandering up the wall, a leering grin on its elk face. Its knocking hooves, smeared in a yellow glow, acting as the adhesive to the wall. The creature that became a guide of sorts to lure them to the most fertile lands with the toughest creatures for Amelie to cut down and Tom to gather their loot. The best of the bunch.
So often that, Tom thought to make a spot for it, filling its face full of the hot leaves that it loves to chew on and the equally frosty ones that he first saw. A chirpy demeanor prompted it to make itself part of their home, able to make off with the morose that clung to its kind for a while. 
And, well, being privy to two women screeching behind a window, it wasn't too keen on having its rest interrupted, not following a hefty brushing session from being splashed all over by the deceased wails of amalgam mud men that looked at it as food before being impaled, cut, or thrust at.
"Raaaagggghh!"
"What--ahh, aaaaahhh! Oh sh--" Its gnawing maw took them by surprise, tripping them away from whatever flimsy grip they had. Their fall is instantaneous, only catching a glimpse of the deer snickering about.
The fall ends down on one of the fences Tom set up for it to enter. A harmless drop for monsters like them. The dragon woman groans, a bit dizzy from the drop "Oh, oh that was a nasty fall."
"For me, you're scaled from head to toe, you won't have to deal with the splinters."
"Well, you have teleported..." The dragon of Wonderland shrugs as she slowly gets up, flapping her wings free of any wooden remains that clogged their span.
"You could have flown. But you didn't, so..." A slightly irate Cheshire answers back, more than a bit dizzy with an eye for the cackling elk still wandering the wall, hooves firmly walking it like it was walking the grassy floor.
"Dumbass deer! You're lucky you're close to a friend's house, otherwise, I'd be--" Gracie's flaming breath huffs a pinkish puff of embers, a threat snuffed out by something a bit more alerting.
"Mimi, wait! The window, it's not--
The shattering of glass that is.
"Eh? Ehh?!" On the window they fell, from which the elk still laughed, a figure of reflective metal and azure silk is flung out of it as shown by the hundreds of tiny filaments of shards pelting off what is now known to be armor.
Gracie recognizes the wings and horns protruding out of the fully encased armor...and the gleaming, glaring slits from the high distance. A rapidly decreasing distance.
"Oh, sh--" Monique, get up, get up!" The screaming air made the blackened Jabberwock quickly snag her still dizzy comrade out of the way.
"Eh? What? What's-- a mudslide churns up and spits all over the two as Amelie crashed the soil underneath her greaves and gauntlet, swathing her other hand alive with a silver sword wreathed in ominous azure. A deeper, more advanced coat of azure looking more like the dew of the dawn materialized as flames.
"Oh, sh--Amelie! It's us! It's--" And another loud motion, this time, from the door beneath the foot of the tower house. Another figure in armor, less azure like his companion and more dotting the olive trend. On his hands, a sublime, potent crossbow with small, jolting quartz inserted on it. And a bow, the tip, charged with maroon light, making it more than just silver.
"Woah! Woah! Woah, you two! Relax, it's just us!" A panicked Jabberwock flexed her hand forward with a confused feline still spitting away the dirt that splashed over her. Hearing their elk screeching and the motifs of shadows peeking through their window had made them somewhat cautious.
"Ohh. Oh, ok." Amelie makes a gesture to Tom, prompted to lower his aim, no longer holding it so stringently.
"Right...so..." The tanned woman, feeling the rush of panic passed, breathes in relief "We're good?"
"Yea, we are..." Tom crosses his arms, his voice slightly echoing in the armor custom-tailored. A slightly costly purchase, alongside the workshop they had to arrange in the basement. A small cost to the man, seeing as he now could act as support to his wife in their expeditions, a thing he stubbornly clings to whenever they have to go fetch material to build another house.
"If you're fine with the idea of getting bumped down the list."
"Bump off the--Woah! Woah! Let's...let's not get hasty!"
"Spying off people that were...you-know-what? Really? You think we'll just let that go?"
"Though I do not feel the same sentiment, I do agree that looking over a window in the dark is a bit uncalled for" Amelie adds, her helmet, removed to a stern, disapproving expression.
"Hey, hey! She's the one that thought about lurking! I just wanted to make sure this bumble head didn't try anything!"
"Yea, a good job that was" Tom replies, looking up the likely completely demolished window "I have a panel to change thanks to that superb job."
"Aw, come on, really?" And the next few minutes an hour and a few minutes were spent observing a dragon trying to make a deal with the man who was humbly shuffling houses for those looking for a piece of order in this disorderly realm. Having someone of her own did appeal to him a sliver. The same could not be said of the ever dizzy Cheshire who would only later find out that her name had been bumped down the list...
---
"Oh, hey Michael, been a while, huh?"
"Mhm, hmm, a few years, yea."
"Michael, Vincent, finally reaching y'all."
"Hey, Jimmy, what's up?"
A trio of men converges on a city they left for years, the place that saw their childhood live out.
"The place is as lively as ever, I see."
"I see that. Other places do try to pry our peeps off for distant projects, so..."
"Makes sense to me."
"Speaking of prying..." Jimmy, the latecomer looks around "You don't think Tom's is one of the pried, yea? Not seeing him around."
"Ohh, right..." Vincent, the one who's been waiting for a bit for his buddies to show up pulls up a box. It was an enduring custom for those of this place to send a part of their revenues to the homeland that raised them, one that has been for centuries. The box he dropped on the table was Tom's contribution to this method. A pretty hefty one, too, when gauging the material realm's currency to the highly potent demonic essence.
"Hmm?"
"Guy's not coming back for a while longer. He's apparently got enough commissions to last him a while. That and..."
A pic hovers to the box of stacked coins. A small, pristine pic.
"Ohh?"
"Man's found himself a special someone."
"Wait, really?" Jimmy jolts a bit.
"I bet it's that woman he kept spouting about years before. That pen pal one?"
"Exactly that one. Turns out that he was really enamored with her." Pushing the picture forward, Vincent awaits the expected jaw-drop that pulls on the two, far from ready to see the reflective filament.
In the picture, there was a man. They recognize their fourth friend, smiling under a curly coat of deep blue hair, close enough to be confused for black. The olive eyes were also an instant catch for them.
What wasn't so familiar was the rest of the picture. His hand is holding a sublime woman by his side, dressed in a formal sleeveless top in white, surrounded by azure tones and a long skirt featuring black leggings. Her blond hair and the sharp braids that fall on each side of her head were not so unfamiliar to them, having seen her before. Even her blue, sky eyes were deep in their memory.
No, what really set them surprised was the diminutive version of that woman. A small infant no more than two years lovingly held in her mother's arms, a curious look in her deep green eyes, and tiny hands clutching her mother's top. A matching pair to the man they call a friend and the same hair cut to that of her ma. The hands that hold her had one of them branded in a silver band, matching the one on Tom.
"Wait...dude's a father?!" The two men express, frankly startled. Tom was the last one to leave the place. The least likely to have someone to call his own and make three out of two. A shocking surprise to them, hearing so much about how the woman seemed so unaware from his few descriptions.
"Right? I'm guessing you didn't notice the horns on their heads either, yea?"
"Right--" The sound of hands slamming on a table becomes alive for a brief moment as the two men jolt again in a stronger burst "Wait, what?! Horns!?"
Hold on, hold on! Let me get a look back--
Looking again, they see them. On their luscious blond hair, four straight horns coated in a deep blonde color, merging into the black territory. Two of them were smaller than the ones at the top, acting as tiny versions. The child's horns were much smaller, barely noticeable than that of her mother's.
Looking at each other, the two could only shout out "Where did he go?!"