
    Chapter Text
    
  “Survival of the fittest.” 
 
  Darwin offered the definition of evolution to explain how organisms changed over the course of millions of years, adapting to their environment. 
 
  But if organisms adapted to their environment, then why did quirks and monster girls suddenly happen?
 
  This question stumped scientists for many years, each offering a different explanation, but no one could really find a direct cause to the effect on the entirety of the human race.
 
  Quirks suddenly appeared in men, granting them superhuman abilities that many used for personal gain, and the world’s governments were powerless to resist. Likewise, women suddenly gained abilities, based around several monsters in tales of old, and some of them used them for their own selfish desires. 
 
  It was only when a few selfless individuals stepped forward and used their newfound abilities to defend those who were unable to defend themselves against the new threat of quirks and monster girls, later becoming known as Mamono. 
 
  The governments of the world decreed these individuals “heroes,” and as the human race continued to evolve, more and more people developed monster girl traits, with ninety percent of the world’s population becoming female and Mamono.
 
  The remaining ten percent of the population consisted of men, deemed useless in the eyes of the now superhuman society. It became increasingly rare to see a man, as most were homeschooled and hidden from the main population.
 
  Many heroes expressed the importance of the quirkless to society, forming activist groups and protesting for quirkless rights. The current number one hero, an ogre known as All-Might, was the figurehead of the movement, prompting many people to respect those among them who did not have superpowers.
 
  Unfortunately, not all heroes were as kind and selfless as All-Might. Some were cold, cruel, and efficient with their work, always striving to place higher and higher in the rankings. The most notable of these heroes was the number two hero, Endeavor, also known as Eiji Todoroki. The Ignis Mamono yearned desperately for the top spot, but after taking a blow for All-Might that would’ve killed a normal man, her spot as second-best cemented itself.
 
  Knowing that she would never obtain the position she sought, even after almost completely healing her wounds, out of pure spite and white-hot rage, Eiji sought a different way to become the greatest.
 
  She found her answer in the form of Rei Korikami, an Ice Queen from a well-respected family in the city of Musutafu. Eiji married her and gave her children via the power of succubi magic, first a pair of twins, Touka and Fuyumi. Neither of them received the combined powers of their parents. Their mother cast them aside after their fourth birthday, considering them to be failures.
 
  Nine months later, Rei gave birth to another daughter, which was named Natsume. Her fourth birthday came and went, and she showed no sign of her mother’s fire. She was deemed a failure and cast aside, and Rei started to wonder why she had married.
 
  It was another nine months when Rei gave birth to her youngest, a kitsune daughter with dual-colored hair and heterochromatic eyes who was named Shoko. Eiji was overjoyed by the birth of her youngest daughter, calling the girl her legacy.
 
  Shoko was separated from her siblings and mother, forced to go through brutal training under the watch of Endeavor. The hero barely let her daughter see her family, only allowing her to see her mother on the weekends.
 
  One weekend, when Rei was bringing Shoko back to Eiji a few minutes later than usual, everything went to hell. The Hellfire quirk user began to berate her wife, telling her that she had wasted valuable time that Shoko could’ve used training. 
 
  Rei lashed out, going into a rant about how all that Eiji did was train Shoko. She neglected her family and when she did see them, the children were either ignored or abused. She screamed that Eiji was a terrible person and that she would always be second if her behavior was like this. 
 
  Endeavor had lost it and backhanded Rei, sending her to the floor as she approached her, fists raised to do more damage. Fearful grey eyes that she may have loved once stared up at him. The so-called “hero” set her hands aflame, Rei whimpering in fear.
 
  “Leave Mommy alone!” 
 
  Shoko blasted her mother with fire and ice, the attacks barely tickling the woman. She turned, and in her rage she struck the left side of the girl’s face, burning her badly and sending her sprawling across the floor into Rei.
 
  The Ice Queen cried out and scrambled over to her daughter, pulling him close and placing her frigid hand over the burn in an attempt to soothe the pain. She spun around and quickly created an ice wall between her and Eiji, racing down the hall and out the door, ignoring her daughter’s wails of pain. 
 
  Rei made it to the Todoroki family car, throwing open the door and scrambling inside as the rest of her children and the driver looked back in confusion before their expression changed to shock.
 
  “Take us to the hospital, 
  
    now.”
  
 
  The driver nodded, putting the car into gear and flooring it as she drove as quickly as the street, Shoko’s wails only making the family more anxious.
 
  Rei held her hand over her daughter’s eye, swearing that she would 
  
    never 
  
  allow Endeavor to touch her or any of her children ever again.
  
  Inko Midoriya stared in disbelief at the doctor in front of her, her gazes snapping down to the now devastated expression on the face of her son.
 
  Izuku Midoriya had just been diagnosed as quirkless, which was to be expected. After all, men didn’t get quirks. and the four-year-old’s world was falling apart.
 
  Inko, an eight-foot-tall holstaur, and a proud mother looked over at the doctor with a concerned expression.
 
  “Are you sure there isn’t some kind of mistake?”
 
  The doctor sighed, pinching the bridge of her nose. “Mrs. Midoriya, every test that I have done has come back as negative. I have yet to find any sign of an active quirk.” 
 
  She handed a clipboard with the test results to the holstaur. Inko’s gaze flicked back down to her son’s shocked face.
 
  “Is there anything you can do, Dr. Tsubasa? Izuku really wants to be a hero, and he desperately wants to have a quirk.”
 
  “There is nothing I can do. The only way Izuku could gain a quirk is by undergoing monsterfication and becoming an Alp, but I fear he is too young for that.”
 
  “I see.”
 
  “That being said, there are no legal restrictions on his ability to be a hero.”
 
  Both Midoriyas’ eyes snapped over to the doctor, stunned.
 
  “Izuku, you’d have to work really hard to be a hero, but honestly, I don’t see a reason as to why you can’t be one.”
 
  Hope rekindled in Izuku’s eyes, and he smiled widely. “You mean…”
 
  Tears of joy appeared in Inko’s eyes, a mountain of anxiety lifting off her shoulders. 
 
  “Yes, Izuku. You can be a hero.”
 
  The four-year-old boy jumped up and down, unable to contain his excitement. He hugged his mother, saying something she would never forget.
 
  “Thank you, Mommy!”
 
  The dam holding back Inko’s tears burst from the pure love her son had just given her. 
 
  Dr. Tsubasa was moved to tears, stealthily dabbing at her eyes with a tissue.
 
  Inko took the doctor’s hand and shook it vigorously, tears rolling down her face.
 
  “Thank you so much, doctor.”
 
  “The pleasure is all mine, Mrs. Midoriya.”
 
  Inko and Izuku left the doctor’s office, an aura of joy flooding the area around them, making those they passed smile as well.
 
  That is, until Izuku looked down the hall. 
 
  “Mommy, is that Endeavor?”
 
  His mother followed his gaze and saw Eiji, her flame mask crackling in rage as she stared down her oldest daughter. Touka looked up at her mother, fear present in her eyes but he did not relent.
 
  “Move, child. My legacy is hurt and I must ensure that he is being seen to.”
 
  “No.”
 
  Endeavor blinked, her patience wearing thin. “Do not test me, girl. Move, or you will be moved.”
 
  Touka drew up herself up to her full height, which honestly wasn’t that much, considering her mother was more than twice her height. She stared Eiji dead in the eyes and allowed blue flames to gather in her palms. 
 
  “I’m not letting you hurt Mom and Shoko again.”
 
  “I’ll give you one last chance, boy. Move, and I will not hurt you.”
 
  “Didn’t stop you from hurting Mom and Shoko beforehand, so why should I think you won’t hurt me anyway?”
 
  Eiji loomed over her daughter, staring at her with rage in her eyes.
 
  “What is going on over here?! Endeavor, what the hell do you think you’re doing?!”
 
  The redheaded hero extinguished her flames and whirled around to face Inko. The Holstaur crossed her arms and assumed a stance of disappointment, raising an eyebrow at the hero.
 
  “That is none of your concern, Midoriya.”
 
  “She was going to hurt me because I wouldn’t let him see Shoko.”
 
  The hallway grew quiet, and everyone in the hallway turned to the Todorokis, shock on their faces.
 
  “I was not.”
 
  “Then why are you trying to silence me?”
 
  At this point, a small crowd of patients and hospital staff had gathered. “You are a failure and a liar. Now move so that I may see my legacy.”
 
  “We have 
  
    names.”
  
 
  “What is going on out here- Eiji?!” Rei stepped out into the hallway, moving Touka behind her. The Ice Queen glared at the hero in front of her, the air getting colder as she got into a defensive stance.
 
  “I am here to claim my legacy.”
 
  “Shoko isn’t a commodity you can just claim, Eiji! She’s a human being, not just some tool for you to use to become better than All-Might.”
 
  Eiji smoldered but noticed the crowd around her. She scoffed, grumbling “This isn’t over,” before leaving.
 
  As the flaming woman disappeared from sight, Rei’s legs buckled. Inko rushed forward, catching her before she hit the floor.
 
  “Rei, are you alright? I know that you’ve had some trouble with Eiji before, but this is completely different. What happened?”
 
  Inko’s concerned question brought Rei to tears, and she hugged the other Mamono, sobbing as years of trauma came to the surface. 
 
  “What’s gonna happen now?” Natsume asked.
 
  Inko sighed and shrugged. “Honestly, I don’t know.”
 
  She looked at Rei and noted that Izuku was busy comforting her sobbing friend. 
 
  “What I do know, is that Eiji will never hurt your family again.”
  
  “Sign here, please.”
 
  Rei took a pen from the hand of her lawyer, signing her divorce papers quickly. She handed the pen back to the lawyer and reflected over the events of the past four months.
 
  She and her children had moved out of the Todoroki residence and moved to the Midoriya family farm, which was located on the outskirts of Musutafu. 
 
  The Midoriyas sold many products from their farm, which included standard crops such as wheat and rice as well as some products only Mamono could offer, such as Holstaur milk. Inko was the source of this milk, and she produced several gallons of the highly nutritious milk every day. Why was there such a high demand for the milk? Not only was it good for growing, but the pure unfiltered form also acted as an aphrodisiac while also boosting stamina. The few weresheep on the farm contributed their wool, which was popular with insomniacs for its sleep-inducing properties.
 
  Lastly, a new arrival on the farm, a young wererabbit by the name of Rumi Usagiyama, helped keep the crops farm in order with the help of the other farmhands, the Bakugos.
 
  Now if you thought the Midoriyas were an odd family, the Bakugos made the Midoriyas look normal by comparison. Masaru was the man of the family, and his personality couldn’t be any different than that of his wife Mitsuki and daughter Katsumi. Both were Hellhounds, and true to their nature, they were rowdy and untamable. Not that Masaru minded.
 
  But Rei and her children had been welcomed with open arms at the farm, even if they had to share rooms with some of the occupants of the farmhouse until other lodgings could be worked out.
 
  Rei had opted to sleep in the same room as the Midoriya matriarchs, and while she slept in a separate bed, her appreciation for the kindness her two friends had shown her had only grown.
 
  Shoko had recovered from her injury, but the blow Eiji had landed left a burn scar over the boy’s left eye. She had become silent and distant from her family, only opening up around Rei and strangely enough, Izuku.
 
  The two boys had become inseparable, chatting away about different heroes and ones they admired, and from time to time, Katsumi would come and hang out with them as well, her untamable nature often getting the three of them into trouble.
 
  They became fast friends, and Rei found herself growing attached to the farm.
 
  The attachment eventually lead to something more over the course of the four months, and it led back to why Rei was even in the same room as Eiji at the current moment.
 
  It had a long and hard battle against Endeavor’s lawyers, but the threat of court and exposing her abuse of her family to the world forced the Ignis to settle.
 
  Rei got custody of the kids and a monthly alimony check from her, and that is all she ever wanted to do with the sperm donor for her children ever again.
 
  “Miss Korikami?”
 
  The Ice Queen turned back to her lawyer. “Yes?”
 
  “Your ex-wife has signed the papers. You have custody of the children and a monthly alimony check, but she is not allowed to see them without your consent.”
 
  Rei let out a sigh of relief. “Thank you, Mr. Okayado. How much do I owe you?”
 
  The attorney shook his head. “Don’t worry about paying me, Miss Korikami. Your happiness is payment enough.”
 
  The Ice Queen felt tears of joy run down her face, and she crushed Mr. Okayado in a hug. 
 
  “Thank you so much.”
 
  The attorney smiled and patted her back, separating from the hug after a few seconds.
 
  “You are very welcome. Now, don’t let me hold you for too long.”
 
  Rei nodded and thanked her lawyer several more times before heading outside and meeting Inko.
 
  They proceeded on their celebration in a fancy restaurant where they laughed and celebrated after a long and hard battle.
 
  Inko asked if Rei wanted to live at the farm, and the Ice Queen readily accepted.
 
  They came home to a large, but happy family. Rei and her children helped around wherever they could on the farm, not complaining and contributing as much as they could.
 
  Rei loved working at the farm. It was hard work, but it paid off and gave her a sense of peace she hadn’t felt in a long time.
 
  And if she was being truthful, she wouldn’t have her new life be any other way.
  
  “Hurry up, Deku! The old hag said we won’t get any of your mom’s ice cream if we don’t get these chores done!”
 
  Katsumi was an impatient soul, not staying around for too long in one place. She had grown progressively more protective of Izuku over the past two years, growling at any other Mamono that tried to claim the greenette as their future husband.
 
  It was a very big surprise to everyone when she had started calling Izuku “Deku,” but that was only because she could not pronounce Dekiru as a young child, settling for the easier version instead. Everyone but the dandelion’s parents thought that she had genuinely disliked the greenette, but such was not the case.
 
  “Katsumi, Mother and Mrs. Inko will give us ice cream even if we do not complete these chores on time.” Shoko hung up a sheet, letting it dry in the wind. “Telling us to hurry up will only increase the time it takes to complete these tasks.”
 
  The hellhound girl spun around and growled at the dual-haired kitsune, baring her teeth in anger. “Shut your mouth and help me fold this laundry, Icy Hot! The sooner we get this stuff done, the better!”
 
  Shoko opened her mouth to say something but wisely decided against it. He turned to her stepbrother and shrugged, not really caring what Katsumi had to say.
 
  Izuku shook his head and carried a newly folded pile of laundry back into the farmhouse, nearly running into Fuyumi. The now 15-year-old Yuki-Onna girl smiled at her friend and bent down, handing him a bucket. 
 
  “Izuku, I’ll take the laundry if you’ll get some water for the crops. Masaru said he fixed the irrigation for the fields, but he needs some water to test it first. Can you do that for me?”
 
  Izuku, being the sunshine child he was, beamed and took the bucket, running over to the water spout on the side of the house. He placed the bucket under the spout and turned on the water flow, turning and doing a little dance as he waited for the bucket to fill.
 
  A minute passed and the bucket showed no signs of being filled. 
 
  Curious, Izuku turned off the water and peered into the bucket, finding what appeared to be a thick, pink, jelly-like substance in it.
 
  He poked the jelly, and it jiggled and rippled at the impact. Izuku giggled at the sight, clapping his hands in glee.
 
  Then the jelly opened its eyes.
 
  Izuku blinked and stared at the eyes in the jelly, getting lost in them. They had yellow irises and black sclera and blinked curiously at the greenette.
 
  Then the jelly began to rise out of the bucket, causing the greenette’s curiosity to vanish and be replaced by terror, as he fell on his backside and crab-walked away from the bucket and the emerging shape within it.
 
  The jelly fell out of the bucket with a wet plop, settling into a pink amorphous blob. After a few seconds, the blob began to form into a humanoid shape similar to that of a six-year-old girl, forming bushy “hair” and a pair of yellow horns on the top of its head.
 
  The slime waved, sporting a smile on its face before introducing itself. “Hi. I’m Mina Ashido. Thanks for giving me that water, I was going to shrivel up had it not been for you. What’s your name?”
 
  Izuku opened his mouth and responded with what seemed appropriate at the time.
 
  He shrieked at the top of his lungs and pointed at Mina, stammering in fear.
 
  
    “S-Slime!”
  

  
    Chapter Text
    
  
    “S-Slime!”
  
 
  The happy expression on Mina’s face vanished instantly with a look of panic, matching Izuku’s face as he cried out for help.
 
  Her dark eyes darted around and looked for an escape route, only to find an ice wall blocking her path. Panicking, the pink slime turned around to flee and was met with the glares of an angry Ice Queen and Holstaur.
 
  Mina fainted and collapsed into a quivering puddle of jelly, spirals appearing in her eyes. She babbled incoherently, Inko turning her attention to her son. The Holstaur scooped up the boy and checked him for any injuries, whispering soothing words to him. Rei quickly gathered Mina up and placed her in the bucket, sealing the top shut. 
 
  Izuku clung to his mother, sobbing in relief as she comforted him. 
 
  “Did the slime hurt you, Izuku?” Inko asked, running her hand through her son’s bushy green hair.
 
  
    
  
  “N-No…”
 
  “Good. Thank you for yelling out like I taught you. Why don’t you head inside? Mrs. Korikami and I will take care of the slime.” She set Izuku down, who stood in front of his mother with a concerned look on his face.
 
  “What are you gonna do with Mina?”
 
  Inko froze. “Who’s Mina?”
 
  “The slime girl. She said thanks for the water and told me her name and then I got scared and screamed.”
 
  This revelation threw the Holstaur for a loop.
 
  
    This slime has a name?
  
 
  
    And she thanked Izuku for the water…
  
 
  Inko looked over to the bucket and the water spicket on the side of the farmhouse, putting two and two together. 
 
  
    It was in the bucket and consumed the water when Izuku turned on the spicket. That’s too intelligent for a normal slime. I wonder…
  
 
  “Rei, open the bucket.”
 
  Her friend looked up with alarm. “Are you sure? Inko, there’s a slime of an unknown subspecies in there! We don’t know if it’s a Dark or Parasite subspecies!”
 
  “Why don’t we ask it?”
 
  Rei hesitated but reluctantly agreed. “If this gets out of hand and we all end up as Dark Slimes, I will personally hold you responsible, Inko.”
 
  She set the bucket containing Mina in front of herself, Inko, and Rei. “Rei, if we find out it’s a Dark Slime or Parasite Slime, I want you to freeze it solid. We’ll call the police afterward, alright?”
 
  Rei nodded, and prepared an icy blast in case everything went horribly.
 
  The tension in the air was thick enough to crush a man’s head between its thighs if it so desired.
 
  Very slowly and cautiously, Mina’s horns came into view, and she peeked over the rim of her prison, her eyes frightened and darting to the two women looming over her.
 
  Inko offered a smile and a wave, hoping to save the author from death by snu-snu. “Hello there, little one. What’s your name.”
 
  The pink slime trembled in the bucket, clearly scared for her life. “M-Mina.”
 
  She was met with the benevolent aura of Inko, but the girl did not let her guard down. Despite the smile the jade-haired Holstaur was giving the slime girl, every instinct in her body screamed at her to run and flee from the threat.
 
  “Well Mina, I’m going to ask you a few questions, okay?”
 
  “O-Okay.” Mina lifted herself a bit higher from the bucket, peeking over at Inko.
 
  “Do you know what kind of Slime you are?”
 
  Mina paused. 
 
  “I don’t know, but Mommy always said that I was red when I split from her and then turned pink later.” 
 
  “So you’re a Pink Slime?”
 
  “I think so. That’s what Mommy always said.”
 
  “Ok. Second question. What were you doing in that bucket?”
 
  “When Mommy said I was old enough to go outside without her watching, I crossed a big road made of dirt and followed it to a place full of buckets. The buckets had this white stuff in it that tasted yummy and I drank a lot, but then I got sleepy and I forgot to get water. Then I woke up and I was too small to get out, so I waited and fell asleep again. But then he poked me and I had lotsa water and I was big again!”
 
  Mina beamed, smiling at Izuku, who smiled back.
 
  Inko’s heart melted at the sight of the beaming children, glad that a few questions had been answered. Mina was a Pink Slime, which calmed herself and Rei greatly.
 
  Pink Slimes were known for being one of the more intelligent subspecies of Slime, capable of expressing emotions and having a mother-daughter relationship with their split offspring. They were mostly harmless and kept to themselves, occasionally finding a man to call their own. If there was any Slime you wanted to encounter, it would be the Pink Slime.
 
  The reason why the Midoriya Matriarchs were so worried was that they were afraid Mina was either a Parasite or Dark Slime, both of which converted other women into Slimes.
 
  Their anxiety had vanished when Mina was revealed to a Pink Slime, and the tension dissipated, allowing the author to finally breathe.
 
  But a mother worries and Inko had one last question for the slime girl.
 
  “Where is your Mommy, Mina?”
 
  “Oh, so this is where you ended up. Looks like a nice place. If I wasn’t already married and had a husband caring for already, I probably would’ve ended up here as well. Good job, Mina.”
 
  Everyone turned to see the source of the voice, and Inko immediately covered Izuku’s eyes. He was too young for the sight before the group.
 
  A voluptuous Red Slime woman dressed in an outfit that was 
  
    definitely 
  
  not appropriate for children walked up to the group, a smile on her face. She was exposing a 
  
    massive 
  
  amount of cleavage, and it looked as if her shirt was straining against her breasts, which rivaled Inko’s considerable bust.
 
  “Mommy!”
 
  The slime woman giggled and strode over to her daughter, scooping Mina out of the bucket and hugged her close.
 
  “Hello there, little one. I see that you’ve found a place to stay.”
 
  Mina nodded, her pink gelatin-like body contrasting the more ruby color of her mother. “I did, Mommy! And they have a really nice boy who gave me water!”
 
  “Oh did he now?”
 
  “Yup! And then I accidentally scared him because he must’ve thought I was a Paras- Parasit-” Mina stumbled over the word, not really sure how to pronounce it.
 
  “Parasite Slime?”
 
  “Yeah!”
 
  Mrs. Ashido turned to the other three mothers and gave them a look of understanding. “I can understand why you thought my daughter was a Parasite Slime. This isn’t the first time she’s had to explain that she’s a Pink Slime, and I doubt it will be the last. I thank you for not murdering her on sight.”
 
  The slimewoman set her daughter down and crouched down, handing Mina a green and purple leopard print raincoat that was a size too big for her and a pair of matching rainboots.
 
  “Mina, you need to wear these so that a policeman doesn’t come and arrest you for being naked. It would make me happy if you wore these, okay?”
 
  The pink slime girl huffed but nodded, forming a pair of legs and slipping on her boots and oversized coat before twirling in a circle. 
 
  “Mommy, I like these! Thank you!”
 
  She smiled, and the pure love behind it nearly blinded the small group. Mrs. Ashido giggled and hugged her daughter, giving her an Eskimo kiss.
 
  “You look adorable, sweetie. I’m going to go back to your father now. Be nice to this family, okay?”
 
  Mina nodded and threw her arms her mother, giving her a goodbye hug.
 
  “I love you, Mommy.”
 
  “I love you too, Mina.”
 
  If you took a person who was the most unfeeling, heartless person on the planet, who didn’t bat an eye at videos of puppies or kittens, and showed this gesture of affection, they would burst into tears and have a heart attack because they wouldn’t be able to handle the amount of adorableness emanating from the slime hug.
 
  Mrs. Ashido separated from her daughter and gave her one last kiss before leaving her in the hands of the Midoriyas, who now had another mouth to feed. Not that they particularly minded.
 
  Some might think that Mrs. Ashido was being irresponsible by leaving her daughter to be raised in the hands of another family, but you must consider the way the Slime Family of Mamono raises their young. 
 
  Young Slimes are considered independent of their mothers when they are able to move freely and gather food without any assistance. For most species of Slime, the age of independence is usually around the age of six, and the young slime is sent off to go experience life.
 
  Not all Mamono agree with this method of child-raising, but laws regarding child slimes have been put in place. Newly independent slimes can be seen frequently in cities, and there are laws that allow them to travel without an adult.
 
  But it still was very irresponsible of Mrs. Ashido to leave her daughter with a group of strangers, and that is what flashed through the minds of Rei and Inko as they sweatdropped at their new charge.
 
  
    Just what was that woman thinking…
  
  
  Izuku adjusted the tie on his dark green suit in the bathroom of Yaoyorozu Tower, still not quite knowing how to tie it properly yet. Eventually, he gave up and settled on a badly tied knot. The greenette looked in the mirror one last time, gazing at the figure that had grown lean but muscular after six years of working on the farm with his family.
 
  Satisfied with his appearance, the cinnamon bun turned and exited the bathroom, where his two best friends waited for him.
 
  Katsumi’s ears twitched in annoyance, and she huffed. “Took your fucking time, Deku. Now c’mon, the party is waiting and I want to try some of the prime steaks they have before they run out.”
 
  The ash-blonde Hellhound turned on her heel and stormed off, leaving Mina and Izuku alone together. The slime girl giggled at her twelve-year-old companion’s badly knotted tie and smiled.
 
  “Having trouble with your tie again, Midori?” She asked, getting up close and personal with the boy.
 
  Izuku blushed and scratched the back of his head, still not completely used to Mina’s “harmless” flirting.
 
  Empathy had confirmed that she has some feelings for him, but there was still the question of whether or not they would continue to grow or vanish as time went on.
 
  The greenette had learned not to immediately act on those romantic feelings after a brief clash with a minor crush that Katsumi had on him at one point. 
 
  He was sure that the Hellhound still liked him, but this time he knew better than to ask a girl if you liked them directly.
 
  Directing his attention back to the slime girl in front of him, Izuku nodded, scratching the back of his head. 
 
  “Yeah. I still don’t know how to tie this even after all the times Ma has shown me.”
 
  Mina gave him a sympathetic smile and reached for the tie, easily undoing the knot and adjusting the strip of cloth in her hands. She made the proper adjustments and tied the knot, pulling the tie together. She grinned, patting Izuku’s shoulders.
 
  “There you are. You oughta practice more, Midori. I may not be around all the time to tie your ties for you.”
 
  “True. But still, thank you for being here for me.”
 
  Mina’s pink face became dusted with lilac, her core throbbed with affection and she nodded. “No problem Midori. Let’s get going. We don’t want to keep Baku for too long.”
 
  She took Izuku’s hand in her own and pulled the greenette to the party, where they discovered many of the wealthy denizens of Musutafu chatting and mingling in a massive ballroom, the setting sun shining through the windows. Magnificent chandeliers covered hung above the crowd, illuminating the room to reveal Mamono and men of all varieties. Just from a quick scan, Izuku picked out a few centaurs, elves, succubi, arachne, a few subspecies of the werewolf and werecat families, and was that a vampire?!
 
  The cinnamon bun’s eyes opened wide at the sight. Vampires tended to very elitist Mamono, preferring to stay among themselves or other members of their kind. To see one at a party with other species of Mamono and men besides their husband meant one thing: there was a Dhampir nearby.
 
  “Izuku!”
 
  Inko’s beckoning could be heard even over the chatter of the crowd. Izuku’s gaze snapped to her location, seeing his mother waving at him from across the room. He had his way toward her, Mina following him.
 
  “Don’t you look handsome!” 
 
  The Holstaur pulled her son into a bearhug, slightly crushing his ribs. “You look so adorable! I could just love on you forever!”
 
  “Mom, you’re crushing me-”
 
  “Oh. Sorry!” Inko set Izuku down, parental pride blazing in her eyes. “I just can’t help myself! You’re just so handsome!”
 
  Luckily, Rei came to Izuku’s aid.
 
  “Inko, I think that’s enough doting for now. The poor boy is dying of embarrassment.”
 
  Her wife huffed and reluctantly let go of her son, pouting slightly. “But how else is my son supposed to know that I love him?”
 
  “I think he already knows. Now, aren’t you going to introduce him?”
 
  “Of course.” Inko turned her attention to the two Mamono besides Rei. “Girls, this is my son, Izuku. Izuku, this is Hikari Toga and Coco Yaoyorozu, two of our biggest clients.”
 
  Hikari Toga was well known as the only vampire in Musutafu who did not scorn men. It was rumored that she had married a man and given birth to Dhampir, and the vampire had confirmed the rumors, calling her husband and daughter the most precious things in her life.
 
  Coco Yaoyorozu was easily one of the most powerful Mamono in the Musutafu. She was a Dark Mage, an enchantress with infinite charm and substantial amounts of demonic energy. As she gazed down at Izuku, he could feel the power radiating from her being, and it took every bit of his willpower to not stare at the beautiful woman in front of him.
 
  Izuku bowed respectfully, just as Inko and Nemuri had taught him. “It is a pleasure to meet you.”
 
  “The pleasure is ours. How old are you, Izuku?”
 
  “12, Ma’am.” 
 
  Hikari and Coco exchanged glances and smiled, sending a shiver down the greenette’s spine. As they turned their gaze back at the boy, he noticed that looked… hungry.
 
  Izuku gulped, breaking out in a cold sweat.
 
  
    Am I about to be “Ara-Ara”ed?
  
 
  “We actually have daughters around your age, Izuku. I think they’re around here somewhere…”
 
  “There they are. Himiko, Momo! Would you come here, please? We have someone here we’d like you to meet.”
 
  Two girls stepped out of the crowd, and Mina and Izuku marveled at their beauty. 
 
  The first was a blonde-haired girl wearing a modest but eye-catching dress. Her cat-like amber eyes examined Izuku curiously, and two cat ears poked out from the top of her head, a tail that split into two at the end,  waving back and forth, like a cat’s. She appeared to be a Nekomata. 
 
  The second was a Dark Mage, her black hair pulled back into a ponytail with a single band dangling in front of her face. Her horns wrapped around the sides of her head and framed her face nicely, and her charcoal eyes gazed at Izuku, a slight blush on her face.
 
  Hikari and Coco lead their daughters over to Izuku and Mina and began introductions. “Izuku, this is my daughter, Himiko. Don’t let the ears and tail fool you, she is a Dhampir. My mother in law is a Nekomata.”
 
  Himiko waved, revealing her fangs in a wide smile. “Hiya Izuku! I hope we can be friends!”
 
  Coco waited until Himiko had finished, then introduced her daughter. “Izuku, this is Momo, my pride and joy.” She gently nudged Momo forward, and the spellcaster looked back at her mother, unsure. Coco nodded, and she waved shyly.
 
  “It is nice to meet you, Izuku.”
 
  “And you as well, Momo.”
 
  Inko smiled, an idea forming in her head. 
 
  Similar to internet shippers, all it takes for a relationship between two individuals to be valid in the eyes of a Mamono is a few seconds of interaction. Mothers seeking husbands for their daughters often played matchmaker in cities.
 
  And Inko was already forming her OTP.
 
  She and the other four mothers smiled. Coco turned to her daughter with a mischievous smile on her face.
 
  “Momo, why don’t you take these three over to the refreshments? Get to know Midoriya and… I’m sorry. I don’t believe I ever caught your name, dear.” she looked at Mina with an apologetic smile on her face.
 
  “I’m Mina Ashido, ma’am. I’m a Pink Slime.”
 
  “Ashido? No relation to the model?”
 
  “Oh, that’s my mom.”
 
  Coco squeed in delight. “I finally got to meet you! Your mother has told me so much about you!”
 
  Mina blinked in surprise. “Really?”
 
  “Yes! I’ll tell you another time. In the meantime, will you be friends with my daughter? It would mean so much to me.”
 
  Mina looked over at the enchantress, who was leading Izuku and Himiko to the refreshments. “Sure. She seems nice enough.”
 
  “Thank you so much, Ashido. Now, go have fun!”
 
  
    And I wish the best of luck to you in getting the affections of Midoriya.
  
 
  Mina nodded, heading over to the refreshment, just in time to stop Katsumi from tearing Himiko and Momo apart.
 
  “Who the 
  
    fuck 
  
  do you think you two are?! Deku is not on the market!”
 
  “He’s not on the market?” 
 
  “Yes! So stay the fuck away from him!”
 
  “Oh. I’m sorry. I didn’t realize that he was yours.”
 
  “He’s not mine, you stupid cat!”
 
  Himiko chuckled and her smug smile rivaled that of a Cheshire Cat’s. 
 
  “If he’s not yours, then why are you acting like he is?”
 
  Katsumi’s eye twitched, and she screamed in rage both launching herself at Himiko.
 
  Mina calmly stepped in between the two and let the Hellhound crash into her, enveloping the ash-blonde in her slime. Katsumi thrashed around in the slime, letting off tiny explosions of hellfire as Mina sighed. She turned to Himiko and Momo, now in the more typical shape of a slime.
 
  “Sorry about Baku. She’s always been really protective of Midori, and her temper is hellish.” 
 
  Katsumi burst her head through the slime, coughing up bits of pink slime. She twisted around and growled angrily at Mina.
 
  “What the fuck, Raccoon Eyes?! I was about to get her!”
 
  “Baku, I’m not about to let you make a scene a fancy party. It would be bad for our Aunties. She could’ve lost some very important clients if you had hurt her daughter!”
 
  The Hellhound opened her mouth to retort, but wisely shut it, turning her head away.
 
  “...can you at least let me out now?”
 
  “Are you going to behave?”
 
  “...yes.”
 
  “Good.” Mina expelled Katsumi from her body, the Hellhound surprisingly dry. Mina pouted, noticing that she had lost a lot of her mass due to the incident.
 
  “Baku, you can start your apology by asking for a water jug.”
 
  “Wha- oh. You look like you’re 8. Did I really get rid of that much mass?”
 
  “Just get the water.”
 
  “Alright, alright. Geez, I’m going!”

   

  Katsumi stormed off, searching for a water bubbler to rob. The group watched her go, and Izuku and Mina sighed.
 
  “Is she always like that?” Momo was horrified but tried to remain calm. 
 
  Izuku nodded solemnly. “Yeah. Especially when a girl she doesn’t know or like approaches me. She’s been like that since we were kids.”
 
  
    And I really hope she gets over it because I really do not want a yandere on me…
  
  
  The party was disbanded a few hours later, Momo and Himiko thanking Izuku, Mina, and Katsumi for coming. 
 
  Himiko slipped Izuku a note and he opened it to find her and Momo’s numbers in it. The greenette had turned scarlet and hurried pocketed the note, not wanting Katsumi to ever find it. 
 
  As the Midoriya family left the city in the rented limo, Mina and Katsumi nodded off and placed their heads on Izuku’s shoulders.
 
  Well, Mina melted into a slime blanket and surrounded both of her friends, much to the delight of Inko and Rei. They snapped a picture and sent it to Mitsuki, who responded with a text of “I ship it. Hard.”
 
  The limo arrived at the Midoriya farm a few minutes later, and the mothers reluctantly awakened the three children, causing them to grumble before getting out of the car and trudging over to the house, where they prepared for bed.
 
  Bedtime came quickly, and Izuku pulled his blanket over him, getting comfortable and waiting for sleep to claim him for the night.
 
  He had also made it to dreamland he heard a soft knocking on his door. Grumbling, Izuku got up and opened the door to find Katsumi and Mina standing outside, looking like they hadn’t slept in days.
 
  “Couldn’t sleep?”
 
  Both Mamono nodded, and Izuku sighed. “Come on. In the bed.”
 
  Katsumi and Mina stepped past him into the room and climbed into the bed, Izuku climbing in after them. He pulled up the cover as Mina and Katsumi got comfortable, cuddling with him in the bed.
 
  Due to the ash-blonde unique anatomy, her body heat soothed the trio to sleep, the light of the full moon illuminating them as they slept, counting weresheep.

  
    Chapter Text
    
  Izuku stared out of his window, looking out at the full moon shining through his window. The pale silver disk illuminated the room he was in, revealing the two Mamono curled up against him, their faces peaceful and relaxed in the moonlight. 
 
  It was still shocking that Izuku hadn’t been seduced into matrimony by any of the Mamono on the farm that did not have husbands. Some of them contributed to Mina and Katsumi watching over their friend like hawks and making sure he was safe from the lustful eyes of the other Mamono on the farm. Inko and Rei were sure the three would end up as a couple, which wasn’t uncommon, given the 90:10 world population ratio in favor of Mamono.
 
  When Rumi left to study hero work at the age of 18, she had given Izuku one last longing look at her junior of four years. Inko and Rei knew that look well.
 
  It was the look of a Mamono who was leaving the one they loved most.
 
  Not that the six-foot-four wererabbit would admit it. Her pride wouldn’t allow her to. And so she mournfully left for U.A. University, which was luckily only about an hour away from the farm.
 
  The next four years of Izuku’s life had been pretty uneventful. He doodled in his hero notebooks, having around 14 volumes and an entire shelf dedicated to them. But heroes weren’t the only thing he studied. No, Izuku had one journal that he liked to keep to himself, titled 
  
    Mamono Encyclopedia
  
  .
 
  Within its pages dwelled 14 years worth of information about different species of Mamono, their behavior, and their abilities. Izuku wasn’t exactly sure why he had this particular notebook, but it had been with him since the moment he had turned four, and it had served its purpose well. 
 
  Although everything in the notebook was subject to change at any moment. For example, when Izuku had first met Mina, he thought that she was a Red Slime with a slight color change, and nothing suggested otherwise. Until he observed her in the spring and how the slime girl was drawn to flowers, sucking the nectar from them and full of energy. Upon further research, he discovered that his friend was 
  
    not
  
   a Red Slime, but rather an exceptionally rare slime species known as the Pink Slime. 
 
  Pink Slimes were known for their tendency to feed on flowers and love of spring, as well as their all-year lustful attitude, regardless of the lunar cycle. 
 
  Which brought the greenette’s train of thought back to the current situation. He was currently in bed with two Mamono during the full moon, which by all scientific reasoning was a bad idea if one wished to stay single. And yet, neither one of the girls had made a move even after they had gone through puberty.
 
  What should have been early marriage at 16 had turned into a monthly cuddle session. Not that Izuku was complaining, mind you. Katsumi’s elevated internal temperature made the cuddle session very relaxing, and Mina’s tendency to become a blanket increased the group’s comfort.
 
  But even with these factors that normally would’ve guaranteed sleep for the greenette, he was wide awake for whatever reason. Nothing would soothe the boy, and he felt his every nerve stand on end. 
 
  Something was coming, but he wasn’t sure what it was. Perhaps it would be a good thing, perhaps not. Only time would tell-
 
  A soft whistling sound followed by the now-audible scream of someone lifted the greenette out of his trance-like state, the sounds getting louder as they approached his locatio-
 
  Something crashed through the roof of the farmhouse, coming to a violent stop on the floor of Izuku’s bedroom. He screamed, and that woke everyone who hadn’t been awakened by the sound of the crash. 
 
  Mina and Katsumi were alert in seconds, mini-explosions going off in the hands of the Hellhound, Mina forming extra pseudo limbs for offense. They stood between Izuku and the slight crater in his floor, a pair of heavy footsteps charged up the stairs, the door flew open to reveal Inko and Nemuri, ready to defend their son. 
 
  The smoke cleared from the crater, revealing a wobbly gremlin with pink dreadlocks and amber crosshair eyes. She was fairly tall for her species of Mamono, standing at an even four feet. She pushed a pair of steampunk aesthetic goggles and surveyed her surroundings, shrugging.
 
  “Well, that didn’t go as planned, but my baby works!”
 
  The Gremlin pumped a fist triumphantly and promptly passed out, flopping face-first onto the ground.
  
  No one slept for the rest of the night. Izuku and Inko hauled up spare materials to his room while Nemuri and Mitsuki worked on repairing the roof, patching up the hole as the morning sun began to peek over the horizon.
 
  Rei and Fuyumi took the gremlin downstairs and converted the living room into a temporary medical clinic, tending to the small Mamono as she slept. Her impromptu landing has surprisingly not broken any of her bones but left the girl with several bruises. It would take a few days for the gremlin to recover, but until then she was stuck with them.
 
  Which left Mina and Katsumi agitated from lack of sleep and cuddles. The hellhound’s infamous temper only worsened with a lack of sleep, and Mina’s normally easy-going attitude turned sour.
 
  The sun came up, and with it, the hole in the roof was about halfway done. Nemuri and Mitsuki took a break for breakfast, the former avoiding coffee while the latter chugged half the pot down.
 
  Izuku was currently trying to sleep on the living room loveseat with Katsumi curled up in his lap, her head on his shoulder as Mina oozed over the two like a blanket. The sight brought smiles to all who witnessed it, brightening the otherwise grouchy residents of the Midoriya farm. 
 
  Touka stepped out of her room, holding a collection of dyes as she walked into the upstairs bathroom. The eldest of the Korikami children had taken to dying her hair in recent years, wanting to purge any trace of Endeavor as he could. Water rushed down her body, faded shades of green and white coloring the water as he washed her hair free of the old dyes. 
 
  Her scarlet hair revealed itself, dripping with moisture as the young man stepped out of the shower. He wrapped a towel around herself, stepping over to the sink and prepared the dyes. She applied the white first, matching Rei’s icy locks before applying jade highlights to honor Inko.
 
  That’s what she told her mom and Inko, at least. 
 
  Satisfied with the coloring, Touka washed her hands and set them ablaze, watching the blue flames dance on her fingers. So beautiful, and yet so deadly. Such was the nature of Cremation.
 
  A knock on the door started the young hero out of his pondering. 
 
  “Touka, are you done with your self-denial? Some of us need to use the bathroom, you know!”
 
  “I’ll be right out, Natsume.”
 
  “Whatever. Just hurry up, will ya? I have a date with Dante and I wanna look my best!”
 
  Shoko walking past her grumbling sister and waved, all the excitement a bit tiring for the kitsune. She descended down the stairs, passing the living room on the way to the kitchen.
 
  He stopped, and looked in, a small smile spreading across his face as he saw Izuku, Katsumi, and Mina sleeping together on the loveseat. Katsumi’s ear twitched as she growled quietly in her sleep, snuggling deeper into Izuku’s grasp, his scent familiar and soothing. Mina bubbled as she slept, Izuku’s quiet breathing the only sound.
 
  “MY BABIES!!!”
 
  The peace that had selected over the living room was shattered as the Gremlin sat straight up, yelping out in pain as her back muscles screamed in protest to the sudden movement.
 
  The room was suddenly filled with the sound of pounding feet as the room flooded with people. The Gremlin looked over and saw several different expressions of curiosity, anger, and apprehension.
 
  “Uh, hi?”
 
  Inko stepped forward, keeping her eyes on the short girl in front of her. “Hello there. Are you feeling alright? What’s your name?”
 
  “Oh, I’m fine. This pain is nothing compared to the three-day coma I accidentally put myself in. Also, I’m Mei Hatsume. Nice to meet you, uh…”
 
  “Inko Midoriya.” The Holstaur held out her hand, Mei taking it and shaking it vigorously. 
 
  “Nice to meet you, Mrs. Midoriya. Sorry about the roof. I fell asleep while I was flying my baby and it must’ve run out of fuel. Wait, where even am I?”
 
  Izuku spoke up, Katsumi still blinking sleep from her eyes and Mina oozing down to the floor, ready to reform herself into her human-like form.
 
  “You’re at the Midoriya family farm, and you crashed through the roof and dented my floor. You seem to be alright, but I’m concerned about some of the internal damage you have suffered from the impact. Do you feel any pain anywhere?”
 
  Mei barely registered his question, instead fixating on the greenette’s short but muscular physique. Years of farmwork had chiseled his muscles, sculpting them into prime musculature. 
 
  Blood dripped down Mei’s nose, and she passed out with a dopey grin on her face.
  
  When the gremlin finally woke up an hour later, Inko filled her in on the situation and Mei immediately marched to the damage she had caused and repaired it in a matter of minutes. 
 
  Everyone had been grateful for her help. Touka had offered to give her a ride home, but the pinkette politely refused, stating that someone was already on their way to pick her up, but it would take a few days for them to get to their current location. 
 
  Mei settled into helping out on the farm, which led to her pointing out inefficiencies in the farm, and her spending time in her new workshop inventing stuff to increase production. When Inko offered to pay her back for her contributions to the farm’s sales, Mei shook her head and said that their gratitude was enough.
 
  Which would’ve been believable had the gremlin not been stared directly at Izuku’s shirtless form as he hauled a few buckets of Holstaur milk onto a truck. 
 
  But Mei’s inventions did work, so they didn’t say anything. Although Inko did discreetly pull out a small journal and scribbled down another ship for her son.
 
  Life continued as normal on the farm. With the new upgrades Mei had provided, new positions were available on the farm.
 
  A few new people showed up. Some harpies, a few human workers to help tend to the fields, and a new brown-haired weresheep.
 
  She walked up to Inko, hesitant but determined. 
 
  “Um, excuse me. I’m looking for Inko Midoriya? The girl with green and white hair said you would be here- oh! Should I come back at a later time?”
 
  The Holstaur looked over and shook her head, turning and unhooking herself from the milking machine she was using. 
 
  “Not at all, little lamb. You’re looking for Inko, right?”
 
  “Yes.”
 
  “Well, you’ve found her. What can I help you with?”
 
  “I read your ad in the newspaper, and I wanted to apply for a job.” The weresheep looked at Inko in determination, ready for anything. “I'll be willing to do anything, even odd jobs, if necessary.”
 
  Inko looked over the brown-fleeced girl in front of her. She noticed how thick the girl’s fleece was, decerning that she was probably a Wooloo subspecies of weresheep. The farm was starting to fall behind on the demand for weresheep wool. They did need another source of the wool, especially after Meg had left for America, talking about needing inspiration for a story she was writing. Something about a siren from the borderlands? It didn’t matter.
 
  “What’s your name, lamb?”
 
  “Ochako Uraraka, ma’am.”
 
  “Well, Uraraka, let me ask you something. Are you willing to part with your fleece?”
 
  Ochako didn’t even hesitate. “Yes, ma’am. I understand that weresheep wool is in high demand these days. It was the main reason I came here.”
 
  Inko blinked. This girl meant business. “I see you have a strong determination to succeed. I value that drive in my workers. You’re hired!”
 
  The brown-fleeced were-sheep blinked in surprise. “Thank you so much, ma’am. I appreciate this opportunity, and I look forward to working with you and the others on this farm.”
 
  “You can start today if you’re willing, little lamb.”
 
  Ochako’s eyes shot open and she bleated in disbelief. “Wait, really?!”
 
  “Yep. If you hurry down to the barn, my son is about to start shearing the other weresheeps. He’s a tall boy, about your age. Tell him you’re the new worker and that I sent you. He’ll get you all set up.”
 
  The brunette nodded, heading out of the milking facility and making her way over to the barn. She stepped inside, her eyes adjusting to the light and her eyes locking on the six-foot greenette in front of her. 
 
  Dear God, he was handsome.
 
  
    I want him as my husband.
  
 
  Izuku blushed and looked away, scratching the back of his head. “I uh, I think we should get to know each other first, uh…”
 
  Red-hot embarrassment flashed across Ochako’s face, and she covered her face, sputtering apologies. She unwittingly activated her quirk, lifting herself off the ground and floating in the air. 
 
  “Don’t worry, I got you!” Izuku reached up and gripped Ochako’s ankle, pulling her down to earth. The weresheep kept her hands over her face, not wanting to look out of them and risk embarrassing herself once more.
 
  She felt Izuku’s strong hands on her shoulders. Risking a glance between her fingers, she was met with the sight of Izuku’s chiseled features, and all her Mamono instincts screamed and yearned for him. 
 
  Luckily, her wool was acting as a seal for all of her carnal desires and would hold as long as it was not cut.
 
  “Are you okay, miss?”
 
  Izuku’s tone was considerate and calm, his emerald eyes full of concern for her well-being. Her heart fluttered at the sight of the gentle giant greenette looking, but she managed to bleat out a reply.
 
  “Y-yeah. S-sorry about what I said earlier, I was just t-thinking a-aloud… Um, I’m O-Ochako U-Uraraka. I’m, uh, the new worker for the farm. Mrs. Midoriya said to come here for m-my first assignment.”
 
  Izuku nodded.
 
  “Ah, so Mom sent you. Cool. You came just in time as well! I’m about to start shearing our other weresheeps. Follow me, and I’ll get you all situated, okay?”
 
  Ochako nodded and followed the farmboy into the barn, where three other weresheep sat gossiping. They stopped as soon as Izuku stepped into view and gave him their best seductive looks, but the boy ignored their bedroom eyes and fluttering eyelashes.
 
  “Girls, this is Ochako Uraraka. She’s the newest member of the farm, and I expect you all to treat her well.”
 
  The other weresheep surveyed Ochako, the closet a woman who looked to be around her early twenties. Her fleece was platinum blonde, and her horns shined with an alluring gleam. She waved at Ochako, her smile seeming sincere. The next was a teal-fleeced weresheep, who appeared to be very friendly and motherly. Finally, the last member of the trio had a snow-white fleece, her eyes as cold as ice. 
 
  The teal-fleeced weresheep nodded, offering Ochako a warm smile. “Of course, Izuku. We’ll make Ochako feel right at home. Now, who wants to get sheared first?”
 
  The platinum blonde weresheep raised her hand. Her two companions looked over at her with narrowed eyes.
 
  “Catherine, I don’t think you’re allowed to get sheared first after that stunt you pulled last month. You already have a husband, for crying out loud!”
 
  “So what? If my husband can have multiple wives, then why can’t I have a second husband, Nelliel?”
 
  The teal weresheep, now identified as Nelliel, raised an eyebrow. “Do you honestly think Katherine and Rin would handle that well, especially after how the three of you fought over Vincent?”
 
  Catherine slowly lowered her hand, looking away in embarrassment as the snow-white girl stood up and strutted past Ochako, swaying her hips as she approached Izuku. 
 
  “I’m all ready to be sheared, I~zu~ku~.”
 
  She was met with a deadpan look from the greenette, who brushed aside the arms that reached to rest on his shoulders.
 
  “Leggy, I’ve told you several times now. I’m not interested in being your husband. I’d appreciate it if you stopped your advances.”
 
  “But Izu-”
 
  “Midoriya.”
 
  Leggy groaned, rolling her eyes. “Fine, 
  
    Midoriya. 
  
  You’re the only man for me! I can’t have anyone else now that I’ve gotten to know you!”
 
  “Name three of my hobbies.”
 
  “What?”
 
  “Name three of my hobbies.” Izuku plugged in an industrial razor, turning around so that Leggy could have privacy as she stripped down for the shearing.
 
  “Well, uh, you like long walks on the beach and staring at the night sky with me by your side, holding me close as I get cold and long for your warmth-”
 
  Izuku sighed and switched on the razor, taking Leggy’s arm as she sat on a stool to protect her decency. “Again, those are your fantasies, not my hobbies.”
 
  “Hmph. One of these days, you’ll be running to me after that dumb mutt and her parasite friend leave you for someone better.”
 
  “You know better than that, Leggy. Katsumi, Mina, and I are just good friends. If they found someone to call a husband, I would be happy for them.”
 
  The petty weresheep turned her glance back at Izuku and raised an eyebrow. “You know, for a guy with an empathy quirk, I would’ve thought you would be more in touch with their feelings for you.”
 
  Izuku finished her arm and moved on to the other, collecting the sleep-inducing fibers in a bag for processing. “What’s that supposed to mean?”
 
  Leggy scoffed and looked away, clearly done with Izuku. “For someone as smart as you, sometimes you are the densest person I have ever met.”
 
  “Whatever, Leggy.”
 
  The rest of the shearing happened in silence, Izuku’s years of experience making the task a quick one. Soon, Leggy’s wool was bagged and ready for processing. She stood up, not caring if Izuku saw her naked, and honestly, he was so fed up with her that he didn’t either. 
 
  The weresheep pulled a t-shirt and short shorts on, strutting out of the barn in a huff. The others watched her go, Catherine and Nelliel shaking their heads in disappointment.
 
  “You’d think she’d learn after all the times Izuku said no.” Catherine commented a finger raised to her chin. 
 
  “Like you’re one to talk. How many times did you try to hit on Izuku before you stopped?”
 
  “Uh…”
 
  “That’s what I thought. Uraraka, why don’t you go next? Izuku’s really gentle, and he’ll respect any boundaries you put in place.”
 
  Ochako flushed red, not hating the idea, but not wanting to be rude either. “Are you sure? I can wait.”
 
  Nelliel shook her head, offering the brunette a smile. “It’s fine. I usually go last anyway.”
 
  “O-Okay…”
 
  Ochako stood up and made her way over to Izuku, who waved. “I don’t think we’ve properly met. I’m Izuku Midoriya.”
 
  The brunette took his outstretched hand and shook it, his calloused hands rough but not out-putting in her own. “It’s nice to meet you, Midoriya. Where should I get changed?”
 
  “I’m going to turn around and face this wall. Let me know when you’re ready, and I’ll get started.”
 
  “Okay.”
 
  Izuku turned and faced the wall, giving Ochako the chance to strip naked. She shivered and quickly sat down on the shearing stool, trying her best to protect her decency.
 
  “I’m r-ready.”
 
  The greenette turned around and immediately blushed at the sight of the equally red weresheep waiting to be sheared. They stood like that for a few minutes before Izuku unfroze and switched on the razor, kneeling next to Ochako hesitantly.
 
  Emerald orbs stared deep into auburn pools. Eons could’ve passed and the two wouldn’t have noticed.
 
  “Uraraka?”
 
  “Yes, Midoriya?”
 
  The greenette knelt down on one knee, presenting a small box to her and opening it, revealing a diamond ring. He looked at her with a hopeful expression and asked the question that would change their lives forever.
 
  “Will you marry me?”
 
  Ochako froze, looking at the ring, then back at Izuku, see his hopeful expression and love for her in his eyes. That’s when she knew that he was the one for her.
 
  “Yes!”
 
  Both of them choked back happy sobs as Izuku slid the ring on her finger, and they embraced, kissing each other passionately. They announced the engagement to their parents later that day, and married later that week.
 
  Everyone approved of the marriage, saying that they knew the two were destined for each other the second they met. Her parents were extremely happy for her, wishing her and her husband to be a very long and happy marriage.
 
  Mr. Uraraka nearly broke down as he walked Ochako down the aisle, a massive smile on his face as he dropped her off at the altar, Izuku waiting for her. Their vows were short and sweet, but they were sincere and filled with love, just as the couple were. 
 
  “Do you, Izuku Midoriya, take Ochako Uraraka as your lawfully wedded wife?”
 
  Izuku smiled, gripping Ochako’s hands in his own. “I do.”
 
  Satisfied, the reverend turned to the blushing bride. “And do you, Ochako Uraraka, take Izuku Midoriya as your lawfully wedded husband?”
 
  Ochako smiled, sealing their union with two words. “I do.”
 
  The reverend smiled, wiping a tear from his eye. “By the power invested in me by God, I declare you man and wife. You may kiss the bride.”
 
  And 
  
    boy, 
  
  did Izuku kiss the bride. He locked lips with Ochako, pouring all of his love and dedication into a single kiss, holding his bride close.
 
  The rest of the wedding was a blur, but the wedding night had been full of passion. Izuku and Ochako could hardly keep their hands off each other, bits of clothing flying off as they kissed, barely making it to the bed. 
 
  Izuku pinned Ochako’s arms down, looking down at her with an almost predatory glaze. 
 
  “Uraraka?”
 
  “It’s Midoriya now, Izuku.”
 
  The greenette shrugged off her remark, leaning down to whisper into her ear.
 
  “I need you to hold out your arm for me.”
 
  Confused, Ochako looked at her pinned limbs. “What?”
 
  Izuku’s face turned blank. “I need you to hold out your arm for me.”
 
  The brunette weresheep blinked, shattering the fantasy she had made. She blushed hard and turned her head away, not looking at Izuku as she held out her arm for shearing.
 
  The fantasy had been very elaborate and well planned out, and it caused Ochako to avoid eye contact with Izuku as he continued shearing, collecting the brown wool in another bag.
 
  Ochako looked back at Izuku, discreetly pressing her thighs together. 
 
  
    I really need a cold shower...
  

  
    Chapter Text
    
  Kurogiri was usually a very patient woman, but after the third rash Shigaraki had developed from the cheap weresheep wool hoodies she wore, the Dark Matter had decided that it was time to find a seller that valued quality over quantity.
 
  Which was why she was currently copying down the coordinates of the Midoriya Farm after seeing their ads for weresheep wool hoodies. All of the reviews had noted that while the Midoriyas did not sell as many as other corporations, their hoodies were of much higher quality, lasting longer and causing fewer rashes.
 
  A simple Google search provided the coordinates she needed. Kurogiri jotted them down and looked over her shoulder at her ward, a young Manticore aged 20 years and her junior by seven years, and yet still acted like a child.
 
  “Fucking noobs. Learn to play the game, you moron!” the blue-haired Manticore yelled into a headset, her thumbs flying over a controller. “Do you kiss your mother with that mouth? Oh, you fucked my mom? Well, guess what? My mom is dead, you corpse fucker!”
 
  “Tsukiko Shigaraki, what have I told you about using foul language while on the Playstation?”
 
  The Manticore gamer girl grumbled, but kept playing. “Not to use it.”
 
  Kurogiri nodded and opened a warp gate, gathering her phone and wallet before leaving. “Shigaraki, I’m going shopping for a new hoodie. Try to keep the house in one piece while I’m gone, okay?”
 
  Her ward grunted in affirmation and continued playing. Satisfied with the response, her guardian stepped through the warp gate, emerging from the other side in front of the Midoriya family farm.
 
  She walked through the open gate, glad that she had decided to go with her walking shoes instead of her normal work ones. The mud here would have absolutely ruined them.
 
  The farm was busy that day, workers running around from place to place, setting up stalls and cleaning walkways, working together as a well-oiled machine.
 
  Most of them ignored the Dark Matter, focused on their own tasks. Kurogiri made her way over to a Tsurara-Onna who was directing a few workers carrying tubs of ice-cream to their respective stalls.
 
  “Excuse me.”
 
  “Gimme two seconds, kinda busy at the moment.” The icicle woman placed a tub of ice-cream in its freezer, before turning back.
 
  “Sorry about that. What can I help you with?”
 
  “I’m looking to commission a weresheep garment. Your website said you specialize in them.”
 
  The Tsurara-Onna nodded and pointed over at a building near the farmhouse. “That building over there is where our weresheep clothes are made. Go there, and there should either be an Arachne or a tall boy with green hair working. Talk to one of them and they’ll get you set up.”
 
  Kurogiri nodded, bowing her head in gratitude. “Thank you.”
 
  “No problem.”
 
  The Dark Matter took her leave and strode towards the building, passing Mamono of all varieties, some of which stared in disbelief as she walked past.
 
  Not that their gaping mouths weren’t unfounded. Dark Matters are among the rarest of Mamono, their population easily under 100 individuals. The reason their population is so small is simple: Dark Matter aren’t born via parents.
 
  You see, it is very rare to see a quirkless individual in this superhuman society. It’s rarer to see a woman that is not a Mamono. So rare, in fact, that non-Mamono women do not exist.
 
  When a woman is born with non-Mamono traits, they tend to absorb Demonic Energy at a higher rate than normal. Once the absorbed Demonic Energy has reached a certain level and the woman has hit puberty, a metamorphosis will occur. The absorbed Demonic Energy spills out all at once, forming an inky, black substance that bonds with its host, forming a Dark Matter.
 
  Kurogiri was an unusual Dark Matter in the sense that when she transformed, her Dark Matter fused with her body, forming a more mist-like appearance. It had been a bit difficult to get used to in the beginning, but the Mamono had spent the last sixteen years getting comfortable with her new appearance, becoming one with the Demonic Energy.
 
  She walked up to the building and opened the door, stepping into a small area filled with fabrics and sewing material, sewing machines dotting a few tables. A loom and spinning wheel sat to the side, and in the back there appeared to be multiple bags of weresheep wool, where a person with green hair was collecting one for use. 
 
  The mist woman crossed the threshold and stepped forward, letting the door close behind her softly. The green-haired person turned his head and saw Kurogiri at the door, his face lighting up.
 
  “Oh my god, are you a Dark Matter?!”
 
  The boy rushed over to the spinning wheel and placed the wool down, darting over to Kurogiri with excited eyes.
 
  “I’ve never seen a real Dark Matter before! What does it feel like? Is it true that you’re made almost completely out of demonic energy? Do you have control over other Mamonos’ lust?’
 
  Kurogiri chuckled at the greenette’s excited questions. “Slow down there, kid. Although I hardly think I can call you a kid, Mr…”
 
  The greenette’s cheeks flushed red with embarrassment, a hand sheepishly scratching the back of his head as he sweatdropped.

   

  “Oh, sorry. I got really excited there, didn’t I? I’m Izuku Midoriya. I’m the son of the farm owners. What can I help you with, ma’am?”
 
  Kurogiri didn’t respond immediately, taking her time and scanning Izuku’s toned body, indulging herself perhaps a bit too much. She felt a familiar heat build in her core, and she licked her lips.
 
  Izuku gulped out of reflex, not even needing Empathy to feel the waves of arousal rolling off of the woman before him. According to what he had read, Dark Matters have some of the most intense heat cycles of any Mamono, their arousal often affecting other Mamono in the general vicinity.
 
  He was going to have to remember to lock his door that night. He was fairly confident that no one on the farm would touch him without his consent, but you could never be too careful.
 
  “Ma’am?”
 
  Kurogiri stopped being horny long enough to come to her senses, remembering why she had come to the farm in the first place. Gathering her dignity, she rebuttoned her suit that had somehow gotten unbuttoned in the time her ara aura had been spreading and readjusted her tie.
 
  “I’d like to commission a few specialized weresheep wool hoodies.”
 
  Izuku nodded and pulled a notepad from nowhere, scribbling down the order as she continued. “They’re for my ward, who has a slight allergy to the wool itself. That being said, she also spends too much time playing video games late at night, which is why I’d like the hoodie to be made of weresheep wool itself. Is there a way you can treat the wool for allergies?”
 
  The greenette paused, then shook his head. “Unfortunately, we can’t really treat the wool without degrading its quality. However, we have had cases like this before, and what we usually do is line the inside of the hoodie with arachne silk. The material is very soft and comfortable, and it’s easy to wash and still retains the sleep-inducing properties of the wool. The only downside of this process is that it takes a bit longer to make than the standard hoodie and it’s a bit expensive, but I can assure you that it will last a lot longer than the hoodies that you see in department stores.”
 
  His customer nodded, already fishing out her wallet. “I understand. Money is no object.”
 
  Izuku waved his hands out in front of him. “You don’t have to pay until after the article is complete. It should take around 4-6 hours. It should be ready by the end of the day, provided that I have all the materials. Is there a particular color you’d like?”
 
  “Black.”
 
  “Excellent. No dyes needed, so that saves some time. Anything else you need while I’m here?”
 
  “You under me, whispering sweet nothings into my ear as our nightly rituals turn to the bed.” Kurogiri whispered, leaning over and crossing her arms under her breasts.
 
  “What?”
 
  “Nothing. That will be all.”
 
  “Right. Your order will be ready in a few hours. I recommend checking the rest of the farm while you’re here. Who knows? You might find something you like!”
 
  
    Oh, I already have, sweet child.
  
 
  “Thank you, Mr. Midoriya. I suppose I will check out the rest of the farm while I’m here.” 
 
  She turned, sneaking a glimpse at Izuku’s toned body before stepping out into the midmorning sun, blinking a few times and surveying her surroundings. Kurogiri raised a hand to her cheek and noticed just how warm they were. She scoffed, and walked towards the ice cream stall, needing a cold treat after seeing the prime specimen Midoriya was.
 
  Perhaps he was into older women...
  
  Izuku finished cutting the silk exterior of the hoodie, holding the garment in front of him triumphantly. It had taken a few hours, but all that effort was worth it.
 
  The only downside of working in the sweatshop was that it did make you sweat like a pig. Fans were scattered across the room, but Izuku kept them switched off as he worked with the fabric. He didn’t want to ruin a garment due to a summer breeze.
 
  The greenette decided that a break was needed to prevent an error in the hoodie. He grabbed a water bottle and stepped outside in the fresh air, the breeze cooling him. Izuku sat down against the side of the sweatshop, taking a sip from his water bottle. The liquid was cool from sitting in a mini-fridge as he worked, and refreshing.
 
  Izuku panted in the shade of the sweatshop, collecting himself. It was a gorgeous day, and he had meant to spend some time with his family, but work came first. They understood that.
 
  “Midori… water…”
 
  The greenette looked over to the left and saw a small pink blob slowly oozing towards him, two small yellow horns peeking out of the blob. Mina’s eyes peered up at Izuku, pleading for moisture. The greenette smiled and offered his hand, the slime girl slithering her way onto it. He raised his hand to his chest, lifted his shirt, and allowed Mina to ooze onto his chest, sighing in relief as her cool body touched his skin.
 
  Mina absorbed Izuku’s sweat, growing in size as she claimed more of the water. Her body enveloped Izuku in a cool pink body glove, drinking as much moisture as she could.
 
  She got enough sweat off of him to almost grow to her normal size, and she oozed out, settling next to Izuku.
 
  “Thanks, Midori. I guess taking a nap on the asphalt isn’t the best idea for a slime.”
 
  “You could’ve died, Mina. How many times do we have to tell you not to fall asleep in hot places?”
 
  Mina sighed and looked away, embarrassed by her mistake. “I can’t help it, Midori.”
 
  “Mina, you need to stop being so lazy all the time. It’s not good for you.” Izuku handed his water bottle to the slime girl, who took it and gulped the liquid down. “How are you going to be a hero if you just keep skating by doing the bare minimum?”
 
  The slime girl doubled in size, now around her normal humanoid size and shape. “It’ll be fine, Midori. All I gotta do is do my best on the practical stuff, and wing the tests like I usually do!”
 
  “You do realize that life isn’t always going to work like that, right?
 
  “Yep! But as long as you’re with me, I don’t care.”
 
  “OI, RACCOON EYES! WHERE THE FUCK ARE YOU?”
 
  Mina sighed and stood up, her gelatinous body bouncing with each movement. 
 
  “Looks like Katsumi finally found out that I didn’t do my chores.”
 
  “Again? That’s the third time this month!”
 
  She giggled, melting down into a puddle. “See you around Midori!”
 
  The pink puddle quickly slithered away, Katsumi charging around the corner. 
 
  “Deku, have you seen Raccoon Eyes? I can smell her on you, so don’t lie to me.”
 
  Izuku said nothing and pointed in the direction that Mina had fled. Katsumi growled deep in her throat and charged after the slime, spewing vulgarities as she ran. 
 
  The greenette sighed and stood up, retrieving the empty water bottle from the ground. He smiled in a tried, but accepting way, tickled by the interaction between the two friends.
 
  “Mina really needs to stop being so lazy, and Kacchan has to work on her temper… but that’s what makes them, well, them.”
 
  He wiped his brow before heading back into the sweatshop, eager to finish the hoodie for his Dark Matter client.
  
  Kurogiri was currently having a nice chat with Inko, getting to know her potential mother-in-law. She found the holstaur to be very hospitable and friendly, which was welcome after caring for a young adult with the maturity of a child.
 
  “So, what is it that you do for work, Kurogiri?” Inko asked, a cup of iced tea in her hands to combat the summer heat.
 
  “I’m the owner of a bar which I’m also the bartender for. It pays well and, for the most part, my customers leave their business outside and enjoy a drink or two. Sometimes there are fights, but that rarely happens.”
 
  Inko nodded, taking a sip of her tea as Rei crept up from behind. She pounced on the taller woman and placed her frigid hands on her neck. Her friend let out a surprised moo and whined at her wife, pouting in disdain.
 
  “Nemuri! Don’t sneak up on me like that!” She swatted at the Ice Queen half-heartedly, not really mad at her wife’s antics. 
 
  “I couldn’t help it, Inko. You’re just too fun to tease!” Rei ruffled Inko’s hair, finally turning her attention to Kurogiri.
 
  “A Dark Matter? That’s a rarity.” Rei quickly straightened out her shirt, then addressed the mist woman. 
 
  “What brings you here, stranger?”
 
  Kurogiri cleared her throat, eating a spoonful of ice cream before continuing. “I commissioned a hoodie from the shop here. You see, I have a ward that has a slight allergy to weresheep wool, but she spends too much time playing video games for my liking. Hence my predicament. Do I purchase a hoodie that promotes sleep but causes a slight rash, or do I buy a hoodie that is gentle on the skin but allows my ward to play video games into the early hours of the morning?”
 
  Inko and Rei nodded, completely sympathetic to the Dark Matter’s struggles.
 
  “My searches on the internet lead me here, where I commissioned a hoodie around…” Kurogiri looked down and checked her watch, “...four hours ago? But while I did find what I was looking for, I may have discovered an added bonus. Which brings me to the point of this conversation.”
 
  The mist woman paused and wiped the space where her mouth supposedly was, hesitant to speak the next couple of words. 
 
  “You see, I, um…”
 
  She took a deep breath, regathering herself.
 
  “I’m interested in dating your son.”
 
  Inko and Rei froze, and Kurogiri prepared for the maw of hell to swallow her whole.
  
  Mei flipped up her welding mask, reviewing the progress on her newest baby. Sure, she would need to paint it all green later, but it was coming along perfectly.
 
  Watching Zuku use a hammer in the blacksmith’s shop had been a great idea. Seeing his muscles work under the light of the forge sent a shiver down her spine, and the way he pounded the molten metal…
 
  The gremlin shook herself out of her daydream, focusing on the task at hand. Bastion was coming any second now, and she wanted to be there to make sure that he didn’t kill anyone trying to find her. 
 
  Not that he would with Ganymede around, as least. 
 
  Still, she wanted to get as much done as she could before her robo buddy showed up-
 
  A series of robotic whistles and chimes came from her goggles, causing the girl to freak out and slip, falling on her back with a thud.
 
  “Oww…”
 
  Groaning in pain, Mei stood and retrieved her goggles, taking off her welding mask and doing them. 
 
  “Bastion, I’m here.”
 
  The robot’s response was angry, several beeps and boops coming from the headset within the goggles.
 
  “I know, I know. Sorry to keep you worried, buddy.”
 
  Bastion sighed a robo sigh and expressed his disappointment.
 
  “I didn’t know I was 
  
    that
  
   tired. If I had known, I would’ve-”
 
  Scolding beeps.
 
  “You’re right. I’m sorry. But my babies need testing!”
 
  Exasperated boops.
 
  “Fine. Wait, where are you right now?”
 
  In response, a loud sound of tank treads and a charge melody came from outside. 
 
  “WAIT NO WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!”
 
  Panicked screams came from outside. Mei swore under breath and threw down her tools, rushing outside to prevent any bloodshed. 
 
  A crowd had formed a circle around the entrance, hesitant at the sight of the siege automaton before them. Bastions were used in the beginning of Mamono-Human conflicts, which quickly died down after everyone released that it was pointless to fight over evolution.
 
  Most of the siege automatons had either been destroyed or displayed in museums, leaving a terrible legacy behind them. 
 
  Which was just terribly unfortunate for Bastion E54. He had been discovered in the woods near the Hatsume residence and had been a long-term project for Mei to work on. 
 
  She was only eight at the time, and it had taken a year to restore the primary systems of Bastion, and another four to finally restore the automaton’s ability to move.
 
  Mei had cleaned the foliage and rust from his body, slapped a new coat of paint onto the robot, and given him a home. She had even tolerated the bird that followed him around everywhere, eventually naming it Ganymede and searching how to take care of the bird. It turned out to be a bit of a waste, as Ganymede hunted for his own food, but she liked the company nonetheless.
 
  Eventually, the Hatsumes made Bastion Mei’s unofficial bodyguard, which was just a fancy way of saying babysitter. They appreciated the automaton’s apparent sentience and worry for their daughter’s wellbeing, and figured if she was going to listen to anyone, it would be Bastion. 
 
  Which was why Mei had to defuse the tense situation.
 
  She dashed through the crowd and ran up to the reconfiguring siege automaton, hugging his metal chassis tightly.
 
  “Bastion! You came!”
 
  Her companion made a sound similar to purring and knelt, using his left arm to hug the gremlin. 
 
  “Excuse me, pardon me, coming through,” Inko made her way through the crowd of frightened workers and customers, raising an eyebrow at the sight before her.
 
  “Hatsume, care to explain why you’re hugging a Bastion, and why it’s hugging you back?” The greenette’s eyes were hard and serious, not wanting any funny business. 
 
  Mei looked over at her hostess, a confused look on her face before it finally clicked. “Oh! Mamadoriya, this is my buddy Bastion! I found him in the woods when I was eight and I fixed him up! It took five years, but he’s fully functional! Right, Bastion?”
 
  Bastion made a tiny and embarrassed wave.
 
  “While I’m not doubting his ability to function properly, I’m concerned about him potentially hurting someone.”
 
  Mei shook her head. “Bastion here won’t hurt anyone unless they attack me, him, or Ganymede.”
 
  “Who’s Ganymede?”
 
  The aforementioned bird settled on Bastion’s shoulder, tweeting excitedly. 
 
  “That’s Ganymede. He’s been with Bastion for the longest time! Wait, how Ganymede still alive, buddy? Shouldn’t a member of his species be dead by now?”
 
  The siege automaton shrugged, not quite sure himself.
 
  “Huh. Might wanna check him for a quirk later. Anyway, Bastion won’t hurt anyone. I’m more likely to cause damage than he is.”
 
  Bastion booped in agreement.
 
  Inko spoke, her gaze still hard as rock.
 
  “It can stay, as long you are responsible for it, Hatsume.”
 
  Mei’s smile disappeared at the objectification of her friend, but she nodded. “Okay. I’ll keep him in line.”
 
  Satisfied with her answer, Inko turned to the crowd and dispersed it, returning to their chat with Kurogiri, who looked like she wanted the Earth to open and swallow her whole.
 
  “You want to date our son? That’s great. But know this.” 
 
  The once friendly smile that had decorated the face of Izuku’s mother turned serious, a menacing aura surrounding her.
 
  “If you do 
  
    anything 
  
  to hurt him, there won’t be a place you can go where we won’t find you. 
  
    Are we clear?”
  
 
  Kurogiri gulped, quickly nodding her head. “C-crystal, ma’am.”
 
  As if God had decided to take pity on the mist woman, Izuku interrupted the conversation, holding a box.
 
  “Here’s your hoodie, Miss…”
 
  “Kurogiri, Mr. Midoriya. H-How much do I owe you?”
 
  “1,500 yen. We take both cash and card.”
 
  The Dark Matter handed Izuku the money with shakey hands, completed the purchase, bowed to her hostesses and portalled out of the farm as quickly as she could, completely shaken by the day’s events.
 
  Izuku raised an eyebrow at his mother. “Mom, what did you say to her?”
 
  “I just informed her of potential danger, dear. Hatsume needs some help in the workshop. Would you go help her, please?”
 
  Izuku nodded and ran off, leaving the two mothers to enjoy their break as Rei joined them.
 
  “What did I miss?”
  
  Rumi handed the smalltime villain over to the police, her ears twitching in impatience at the lack of strong opponents to fight. If she had known that hero work wasn’t just about finding the biggest villains and beating them up, maybe she would’ve considered a different career choice.
 
  Who was she kidding? She loved the freedom that came with this job! She could do whatever she wanted, whenever she wanted, and it was great.
 
  It also helped keep her mind off the farm and Izuku. Maybe she should go back and pay them all a visit, see how the scrawny boy had grown over the past four years.
 
  “Miruko, there’s been reports of increased Yakuza activity in this area, potentially having a young girl as a captive. The force would appreciate it if you could scout around and report your findings.”
 
  A policeman looked up at her, craning his neck to look at the six-foot-four wererabbit amazoness.
 
  “Yeah, yeah, whatever. I’ll see what I can find.”
 
  The policeman nodded and climbed into his cruiser, driving away and leaving the bunny hero in thought. 
 
  “Maybe it’s about time I went back to my roots…”

  
    Chapter Text
    
  The train ride into Musutafu was about an hour-long trip on its best days. Which rush hour hit, the ride usually lasted another ten minutes, but it wasn’t a huge difference.
 
  Inko had discovered that the farm was in need of some parts, considering Mei’s shenanigans over the past day. Unfortunately, she needed to stay at the farm in order to make sure the place ran smoothly.
 
  So, the next best option was to send Izuku to the city with a companion. Katsumi was grounded after threatening Mina for the umpteenth time and the slime girl was also grounded for pranking Katsumi yet again. 
 
  That left Izuku with one volunteer, Ochako. The brown fleeced weresheep hadn’t even hesitated for five seconds after Inko had asked and had already packed a bag by the time they were done talking.
 
  She had donned a pink dress and a gray cardigan, accompanied by a pair of green plaid socks and brown boots. 
 
  And to top the whole outfit off, she wore a green plaid beret with a white pom-pom. 
 
  Ochako had been very excited about the trip into the city, visibly hopping with excitement. She grabbed Izuku’s arm and practically dragged the six-foot-two greenette to the train stop despite being smaller than him.
 
  “C’mon, Deku! We hae a train tae catch!”
 
  “What?”
 
  “Wot are ye, deaf? We’re gonnae miss th’ train if ye keep muckin’ aroond!”
 
  “I have several questions.”
 
  “Later! Now hurry!”
 
  The Wooloo-variant of weresheep shoved Izuku onto the Shinkansen pushing the taller boy into a seat. The train left the station seconds later, and the two made themselves comfortable.
 
  Izuku turned to face Ochako, who looked up at him curiously. He took a deep breath, then asked the burning questions on his mind.
 
  “Okay. Two things. One, where did Deku come from?”
 
  “Weel, Ah heard yer hellhoond mukker caa ye 'at. Ah was actually impressed 'at she was callin' ye a nam 'at wasnae an insult. Ah thooght is was nice, sae Ah decided tae gie it a try.”
 
  Izuku took several seconds to decode what she said, then focused back to the girl.
 
  “You do realize Deku means ‘useless,’ right?”
 
  Ochako’s face scrunched up in confusion, then changed quickly into embarrassment.

  “That’s nae wot Ah meant!” She huffed and got in Izuku’s face, jabbing a single finger into his chest. “If ye hink there's anyway aam callin' ye useless, thaur ye need tae gie yer ears checked! Yoo're tay nice an' useful tae be useless!”
 
  She huffed and looked away. “Nae tae mention cute…”
 
  “You think I’m cute?”
 
  Red hot embarrassment shot through Ochako’s cheek and she turned to the boy next to her. “Shut up!”
 
  “Okay, okay! I just have one more question.”
 
  “Wot is it?”
 
  “You’re Scottish?” Izuku was genuinely confused, recalling her speak in a normal native dialect the day before. So why was she Scottish now?
 
  “Ay coorse aam Scottish, ye daft boy! I’ve bin Scottish mah entire life, an' ye ne'er noticed until noo?”
 
  Well, to be fair, I didn’t notice until now either…
 
  “Yoo're th' one tellin' th' story! Hoo th' fook did ye forgit 'at aam Scottish?!”
 
  Izuku sweatdropped, but tried to diffuse the situation. “Um, Uraraka, please don’t get upset with the narrator…”
 
  “He forgot Ah was Scottish! Hoo woods ye loch it if he forgot 'at yer maw was eight-foot?!”
 
  “My mom’s eight feet tall?”
 
  Ochako screamed, then huffed and pulled her beret over her face and turned to the window, the two finishing their train ride in relative silence.
 
  The train came to a stop in Musutafu, letting the two young adults off, depositing them in the middle of the station square.
 
  Ochako bleated in distress, not wanting to get separated from Izuku. She clung to his arm, not wanting to let him go in the of Mamono that excited the train.
 
  “Thes is waur 'en th' Wooloo fields back haem in th' Mie prefecture…”
 
  Izuku looked down at her, curious. “Really?”
 
  “Yep. Most ay th' time th' wee ones ur aw bunched up in a flock, an' if anybody panics, they aw jist curl up intae balls an' roll awa'. it's a bit ay a hassle when someain leaves th' pasture gate open, coz 'en they roll aw ower an' gie themselves in aw sorts ay trooble.”
 
  “That sounds bad.”
 
  “It soonds waur than it is. A Wooloo coods gie burst head-on by a truck an' be fine. It's th' springy wool 'at keeps them alife.”
 
  Izuku was scribbling notes into a notebook, nodding as Ochako continued to feed him trivia about Wooloos.
 
  “Nae 'at Ah min' th' questions, but didne we come haur coz yer maw needed some parts ur somethin' loch 'at?”
 
  “Oh yeah. I actually have no idea where we could go to get the best deals or stuff like that. You’d think I’d be more knowledgeable with this area, but I haven’t been in the city for years.”
 
  The greenette turned and spotted an information booth. He started towards it and looked over his shoulder. 
 
  “Maybe we could get a map or something from this booth-
  
    oof!”
  
 
  “Hey! Watch where you’re going, idiot!”
 
  Izuku turned to the person he had just bumped into to apologize.
 
  “Sorry, my bad… Rumi?!”
 
  He stared at the Lopunny Subspecies of Mamono, recognition blazing in her eyes.
 
  “Izuku?!”
  
  Kassei Chisaki was normally a very patient woman. It took a lot to upset the normally cold and efficient Crimson Fatalis Momono, and her rage was legendary. It was one of the reasons she had remained in power after all these years.
 
  But this?
 
  This was some fresh bullshit.
 
  “What do you mean, ‘Eri’s cocooned herself to the wall and isn’t responding to any outside stimulus?’”
 
  The unfortunate Kobold reporting to Kassei gulped.
 
  “It’s exactly that, ma’am. I’m not sure how, but Eri has cocooned herself to the side of her room and appears to be glowing. I’ve tried calling her name and prying her off of the wall, but she doesn’t respond and whatever she cocooned herself in is ridiculously strong.”
 
  Kassei sighed and pinched the bridge of her nose, clearly not impressed with the guard’s excuse.
 
  “Tell me, what kind of Unicorn would cocoon herself to the wall like that?”
 
  “Ma’am, I’m not entirely sure that Eri 
  
    is 
  
  a Unicorn…”
 
  The cruel dragon glared at her subordinate. The husky-like Kobold flinched and whimpered, not wanting to be reduced to a bloody splat on the wall.
 
  “Give me one good reason why I shouldn’t skin you alive multiple times.”
 
  The Kobold was visibly shaking now, trying desperately not to give her superior a reason to make a new husky-fur coat.
 
  “W-Well, if you kill me, you’ll have to find a new person to take care of Eri…”
 
  Kassei snorted, blasts of frigid air emanating from her nostrils.
 
  “You live. For now.”
 
  The Kobold relaxed, glad to not be a new fashion accessory for her boss.
 
  “Now, show me this cocoon.”
 
  Kassei followed her subordinate through the underground complex, passing the quirk-erasing bullet production room, and the library where their analysis woman kept tabs of various threats.
 
  They came to Eri’s cell, which was close to the ground floor. The Kobold hastily unlocked the cell door and let her boss enter first.
 
  Kassei’s eyes widened upon seeing the pale blue and white cocoon pulsating with otherworldly light affixed to Eri’s wall. The Crimson Fatalis had only seen this in books depicting Mamono thought long to be extinct, or so she thought.
 
  “Xeno’jiiva… so the legends 
  
    were 
  
  true. 
  
    Excellent.”
  
 
  “Xeno-what now? Boss, what is this?”
 
  “Nothing of your concern. For now, report to me with any updates concerning the status of Eri’s cocoon, or if she emerges from it.”
 
  The Kobold’s face shifted from a professional mask of understanding to one of horror. “Uh, boss?”
 
  “What is it?”
 
  “I don’t think she’s keen on waiting.”
 
  The sound of something breaking out of its woven prison caught the attention of both Yakuza members. They turned to witness a small drake flop to the ground, glowing with power.
 
  Eri rose shakily, stumbling forward with legs she hadn’t quite learned how to walk with yet.
 
  Kassei crouched down, holding out her hand to the young dragon.
 
  “Hello, Eri. It’s me, Kassei. You remember me, right?”
 
  Eri sniffed at Kassei’s outstretched hand, cautious and wary.
 
  “Let’s go home, shall we?”
 
  Those words echoed through the girl’s head, activating a primal sense of fear. That fear drove her back into a corner, demanding that she run or fight.
 
  She couldn’t run, but now?
 
  Oh, now she could fight back.
 
  Eri opened her draconic maw, blue light gathering in it. Kassei’s eyes grew wide, and she barely had enough time to form her wings. She threw them up in a protective shield, hoping to reduce the damage of Eri’s laser.
 
  The blue light finished charging and the kobold fled, fearing for her life.
 
  A laser shot out from Eri’s maw, colliding with Kassei’s wing and blasting the Crimson Fatalis back.
 
  She flew across the hall and cratered into the opposite wall, startling quite a few Yakuza.
 
  More lasers erupted from Eri’s cell and obliterated parts of the building, support beams and columns reduced to bubbling rock before exploding, causing more chaos. 
 
  Alarms rang out as the emergency sprinklers kicked on, dousing what fires they could. Eri turned to the wall that separated her from the outside world and unleashed another laser, craving an escape route.
 
  The wall was reduced to molten stone, and Eri shifted back to her normal Mamono form, clad in a ragged white shirt with bandaged covering her arms. Blue light escaped from the crevices in the bandages and her unkempt white hair now glowed an otherworldly blue at the ends. Her horn became tipped with blue, otherwise remaining its normal brown color.
 
  She stepped through and ran, afraid for her life, wanting nothing more than to escape from the monster that wanted to use her as a weapon.

  
  

  “Is there anything else I can help you with?”
 
  Izuku shook his head. “No, that’ll do it.”
 
  The cashier nodded and bagged Izuku’s purchase, which he placed in his backpack. He headed outside and found Ochako and Rumi in a hushed conversation about something, but he wasn’t quite sure about what. 
 
  He was about to make his way over to them when someone caught his attention.
 
  “Megamax Bands, on sale! Get yours for only 40,000 yen!”
 
  The greenette whipped his head around and saw a merchant selling armbands featuring some of the most valuable magic artifacts in the world, right there in the middle of a city square. Of course, most merchants sold replicas or cheap imitations while jacking up the prices.
 
  The thing about a Megamax Band is that it is meant to boost your allies in battle. Unfortunately, it required a strong bond between the bearer and the person you were trying to boost, so most heroes didn’t invest in one.
 
  Additionally, only certain species of Mamono could undergo a temporary power boost which was dubbed “Mega Evolution” by certain scientists around the world, but almost every Mamono could Dynamax given the correct circumstances. 
 
  Unfortunately, no one in recent memory had ever Mega Evolved or Dynamaxed, which left most scholars calling the phenomenon a result of an overactive imagination.
 
  Which brings us full circle to merchants selling replicas of the artifacts, most just aiming to make a quick buck.
 
  Izuku walked over to the merchant, a red-headed Inari by the of Anna, it appeared. 
 
  She waved as he approached her, intent on getting some money from him.
 
  “Well hello there, sir! It’s not every day that I get a man here at my humble stall. What brings you here on this fine afternoon?”
 
  The greenette scratched the back of his head, slightly embarrassed.
 
  “Well, my mother sent me on a supply run here in the city, and I just happened to pass your stall on the way back to the train station. I’m looking for a gift of appreciation for an old friend of mine. I haven’t seen her in years, and she was kind enough to direct me to the store which had the parts I needed.”
 
  Anna smiled, already working out how to cut her customer a deal so that he would come back at some point.
 
  “That’s very sweet of her and you. May I ask if there’s anything in particular you’re looking for to repay your friend with?”
 
  “Well, she’s a Lopunny wererabbit, and I saw that you were selling Mega Rings, so I assumed that you would be selling the respective stones as well, correct?”
 
  Anna’s eyes went wide with shock. Not many customers knew about the stones that were required for a Mamono to undergo Mega Evolution, and that impressed her. She very discreetly memorized Izuku’s face and stealthily opened a hidden drawer under her counter.
 
  Forty-eight spherical stones shined in the light of the afternoon sun, each about the size of a large marble. Anna snatched up the Lopunnite and began scheming, throwing together a bundle deal in her mind.
 
  “Not many people come asking for the stones, sir. You’re very well informed.”
 
  Izuku smiled, his face friendly but hiding a serious side. Inko had taught him to be very well informed before making any purchases from anyone, and it had saved him a ton of money in the long run.
 
  “Normally, a stone and a band together would come around to about 100,000 yen, considering how rare these things are and how hard it is to get new ones. I have my ways, however. Which is why I’d like to cut you a deal. I give you a Megamax Band and this Lopunnite for 10,000 yen, along with a holding accessory of your choice, and maybe you throw some customers my way. Deal?”
 
  Anna extended her hand across the counter. Izuku took it and shook firmly. 
 
  “Deal.”
 
  “Alright then! Let me just ring you up over here. Will that be cash or card?”
 
  “Cash.”
 
  Izuku paid for his purchases and slipped the Megamax Ring on, placing the Lopunnite which was now housed in a choker in his bag and zipping it up before he rejoined with Ochako and Rumi.
 
  “Thaur ye ur, deku! Wot took ye sae lang? rumi's bin tellin' me aw sorts ay stories abit when th' tois ay yer waur yoonger. Did she really live oan th' sam farm as ye?”
 
  Rumi raised an eyebrow. “You don’t believe me?”
 
  “Ye tauld me tae ask heem tae prove it!”
 
  “Fair enough.”
 
  “Yeah, Rumi lived and worked on the farm until she was our age, and then she left to go to U.A. It was really sad, actually. I think I cried for hours. Now, we should probably catch the next train back to the countryside. Thank you for your help, Rumi. Or should I say, Miruko?”
 
  “Not in public, Izuku. But you should visit more often. Tell me how life on the farm has been and all that. It gets boring having to beat up a bunch of small fries all the time.”
 
  Izuku laughed. “Some things never change. Well, thanks, but Ochako and I have a train to catch, so thank you-”
 
  An explosion echoed down the street, screams following it seconds later. Smoke billowed from a few buildings outside of the square, and Rumi cursed under her breath.
 “Shit. You two, stay here. Midoriya, if I catch you anywhere but here in the next ten minutes, I will personally call your mother and tell her that you’re being reckless.” 
  “But-”
 
  
    “Stay here.”
  
   Rumi raced off to the source of the explosion, leaving Ochako and Izuku standing there.
 
  “Ah dunnae noo abit ye, but aam nae gonnae stain aroond an' bide fur thes crisis tae be ower.”
 
  “That makes two of us.”
 
  “Sae whit we waitin' fur 'en? Let's go!”
 
  With that, the duo ran off in the same direction as Rumi, finding a police barricade standing between and the chaos.
 
  Ochako grabbed the nearest officer. “Wot th' heel is gonnae oan?”
 
  “There’s a villain with a hostage down the street. Heroes have been informed. Please stay behind the police line.”
 
  Cheers went up as a Kulve Tarroth appeared, bigger than a skyscraper.
 
  “It’s Mount Lady! She’ll save the hostage!”
 
  “That’s right! I’m here to save the day!”
 
  The gold-covered dragon set her raised her foot to set it down on the street, then panicked. “I can’t fit! I need at least two lanes!”
 
  Other heroes arrived at the scene, more and more refusing to go in because they were unfit for the job. 
 
  “There’s nothing we can do. All we can do is hope that someone with a quirk suited for this comes.”
 
  Izuku looked down the street, not impressed with the heroes who seemed to be more concerned about their own well-being than the hostage. 
 
  He saw the villain, who appeared to be a Slime that had absorbed a bit too much pollution. Murky as the slime was, he could still see a white-haired little girl struggling against the slime.
 
  She looked in his direction, and their eyes met. The girl’s red eyes were pleading, begging someone, 
  
    anyone 
  
  to come to her rescue.
 
  Izuku’s legs moved before he knew what he was doing. He ducked under the police line and bolted straight for the slime, brain flying at a million miles per hour.
 
  “Wot th' fook ur ye daein', Deku?!”
 
  The greenette looked to his left to see Ochako running alongside him.
 
  “What are you doing?!”
 
  “Aam tryin' tae sae 'at lassie!”
 
  “Oh, what a coincidence! Me too!”
 
  “Och, bullocks!”
 
  The sludge villain turned toward them, one eye regarding them warily.
 
  “Pick oan someain yer ain size!”
 
  Ochako’s wool poofed out like an airbag, and she curled into a ball, bowling into the sludge villain and stunned her. Izuku reached into the sludge and grabbed the little girl, pulling with all his might. 
 
  The girl separated from the sludge with a wet pop and Ochako bounced to Izuku’s side, raising her fists for some good old-fashioned Scottish fisticuffs. 
 
  “FREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEDOOOOOOOOOOMMMMMMMMM!!!”
 
  The sludge reared up to crash upon them, and then the little girl opened her mouth.
 
  A beam of blue light burst through the sludge, causing her to scream out in pain. The villain passed out, collapsing into a puddle as the heroes moved in.
 
  
    “What did I say to you two?! I told you two to stay where you were, and you both charge headfirst into a hostage situation?!”
  
 
  Izuku and Ochako looked down at the ground not wanting to upset Rumi more than they already had. 
 
  
    “What if you had died?! What would I have to tell Inko?! Would you fucking think with your goddamn brains instead of being suicidal?!”
  
 
  “Rumi, that girl needed our help.”
 
  
    “And I needed you to stay where you were!”
  
 
  “Leave him alone, you mean bunny!”
 
  The little girl Izuku had saved walked over and weakly beat her fists against Rumi’s leg.
 
  “What?”
 
  “You’re mean! You’re being mean to Mr. Green and the Lady who talks pretty even though they saved me!”
 
  Rumi laughed. “Well, Mr. Green and the Lady who talks pretty broke a lot of rules when they went to save you. I never actually got your name. What’s your name?”
 
  “Eri.”
 
  “Well Eri, I’m Rumi. Your mommy must be really worried about you. Do you know where they live.”
 
  Eri looked down at the ground, tears building in her eyes. 

  “I don’t have a mommy... or a daddy…”
 
  The tears swelled up to her eyes and she started crying. Rumi was completely out of her league. She was a hero, not a babysitter!
 
  Luckily, Izuku came to her rescue. He went over to Eri, giving her some space while still being close enough to comfort.
 
  “Hey, it’s okay.”
 
  Eri’s crying softened as she looked through her tear-soaked eyes.
 
  “We’ll find you a mommy, okay? But for now, we need to get you somewhere safe, so you don’t sleep on the street. Do you live with anyone?”
 
  Eri shook her head no.
 
  “I see.” Izuku looked over his shoulder at Rumi, a question forming in his mind. “Rumi, is it possible that I could take Eri back home with me until we find a better place for her?”
 
  “Probably. I mean, we have to get her checked out and everything, but otherwise, I think it’s fine. I’ll have to speak to the cops about it.”
 
  Izuku nodded at Rumi and turned back to Eri, comforting her. 
 
  “Eri, we need to go with the police now, and we’re going to a doctor to make sure you’re healthy, alright?”
 
  Eri nodded. 
 
  “I’ll be there with you the entire step of the way, okay?”
 
  Eri nodded and took Izuku’s hand as they stepped into the police car, Ochako sitting on the other side of Eri. The girl seemed to be calmer around Izuku, and soon the ride put her to sleep. She leaned against Izuku in her sleep, her soft breathing filling the car.
 
  Izuku looked out the window, realizing that his mother would be expecting a call from him by now.
 
  He was not looking forward to it at 
  
    all.
  

  
    Chapter Text
    
  Eri hated hospitals.
 
  They were lit with bright lights and so white that your eyes stung if you looked at for too long. Not to mention that they always smelled… clean.
 
  Too clean.
 
  It reminded the silver-haired girl a bit too much of the woman who had been her tormentor for the past two years of her life. 
 
  Kassei had hated filth and had a strict definition of cleanliness that was non-negotiable. Hygiene was important, and surfaces were constantly sanitized.
 
  Quirks were viewed as a disease that slowed the progress of humanity, turning them into egotistical lazy individuals who fancied themselves as gods. 
 
  So the answer to getting humanity to further itself? Get rid of quirks. 
 
  And what better way to get rid of a quirk them to use a child with the ability to rewind a person’s quirk out of existence?
 
  Who cares if the child is forced through extreme physical and psychological pain?
 
  If the scars that Eri bore on her body were anything to go by, Kassei certainly didn’t.
 
  The kindly nurse giving the girl a check-up had been silent for several minutes now.
 
  Seeing scars like that on a child…
 
  It was guaranteed to raise some questions.
 
  Eri, for her credit, managed not to vaporize the building when she, Izuku, and Ochako had walked in.
 
  Even if she saw Kassei in every doctor that worked there, fearing that if she took her eyes off of them for a moment they would rip her very being apart and reconstruct it from almost nothing.
 
  She had the feeling that the big scary police woman would be very upset she did blow the hospital up.
 
  Eventually, the nurse took Eri to the waiting room, making her way over to Izuku and Ochako, where Rumi was still fuming at them.
 
  “I’m still mad. Don’t think that you’re off the hook just because that girl needed help!”
 
  Both teens hung their heads in shame, their ears still sore from the last lecture Rumi had given them.
 
  The nurse made a bold decision and decided to cut in.
 
  “Excuse me. I’ve finished with Eri’s checkup, Miruko.”
 
  Rumi turned to the nurse and thanked her. 
 
  “Is she alright?”
 
  “Eri here is suffering from moderate malnutrition and she seems to have obtained scars all over her body from an unknown source. I asked Eri what happened to make her scars like that and she dissociated, muttering something under her breath. I only caught a few words, but it sounded like the name ‘Kassei.’”
 
  Rumi nodded grimly. “Thank you, nurse. Anything else I should know?”
 
  “According to Eri, she has nowhere to go. Unless you or one of your companions would be willing to look after her, she will most likely in up in the foster system.”
 
  The silver-haired girl panicked and immediately latched onto the nearest leg, not wanting to be separated from the ones who had shown her kindness. Not after being denied it for so long.
 
  Izuku looked down at Eri, surprised that the girl had come to him of all people. He was hardly a good role model, and he was an aspiring hero. Not exactly the ideal parental figure.
 
  But here she was, latched onto his leg and staring at him with eyes that would melt even the most frozen of hearts, silently pleading him not to leave her.
 
  Well, Izuku had already failed one of the important lessons of being a hero. Not getting attached to the civilians was crucial, and the greenette had only known this girl for a few hours.
 
  And he wasn’t the only one.
 
  Ochako stood up, standing tall before the nurse.
 
  “I’ve only knoon Eri fur a’ few hoors, but if anythin’ happened tae ‘er, I’d kill everyone in thes room an’ ‘en myself.”
 
  Izuku paled. “Ochako, that’s a bit extreme…”
 
  “Weel it’s true! I know ye wood do the sam thin’ in a heartbeat!”
 
  “...fair enough. But you could’ve just said you weren’t opposed to becoming her guardian.”
 
  “Aye. But where’s th’ fun in ‘at?”
 
  Rumi laughed. “I like your attitude, kids, but do you seriously think that you’re fit to be her guardians? I mean, correct me if I’m wrong, but you both want to be heroes, right?”
 
  Izuku nodded, unconsciously reaching down and pulling Eri into a protective embrace.
 
  The Lopunny noticed and sighed.
 
  “You’re not leaving this building without Eri, are you?”
 
  Izuku didn’t need to say anything. His eyes already said it all.
 
  “Well, let’s get the paperwork. You all are going to need a background check, so it’s going to be along night. And if the paperwork takes as long to process as I think it will, the two of you will be stuck in Musutafu for a while. Might wanna call your mom, Izuku.”
 
  Izuku nodded, then paled. 
 
  “Crap. I spent most of the money I have on lunch and the parts we needed. I don’t think I have enough money to get a hotel room.”
 
  Ochako looked over at him and then at her almost empty wallet and gulped.
 
  “I didne bring enoogh money fur a hotel room either. Are we gonna haft tae sleep out on tae street? I think ‘at’s a horrible idea. Especially wit the wee one.”
 
  Izuku nodded. “I think that’s our only option right now, unfortunately.”
 
  “You three could come crash at my agency once we get through the paperwork.”
 
  
    What the hell am I saying?!
  
 
  The greenette cocked an eyebrow at Rumi curiously. 
 
  “You’d really do that?”
 
  Rumi nodded without hesitation.
 
  “Yep! Plus, I could probably train the two of you for the next ten months before UA’s entrance exam.”
 
  
    And now I’m offering to train them?! What the hell happened to being a solo hero, Rumi?!
  
 
  A devil and an angel popped onto Rumi’s shoulders. The angel nodded and began talking.
 
  “Well, by offering them a place to stay, you’re helping them. And that’s what heroes do.”
 
  “But she’s a one-woman hero team! She doesn’t need anyone to help her! She's 
  
    Miruko, 
  
  a top ten hero! A top ten hero doesn’t need a pair of young hero wannabes who barely have the skills to protect themselves!”
 
  “While you speak true, they have nowhere else to go. Is Rumi truly being a hero by leaving the three of them out to dry? I mean, sure, these two barely know how to fight, but she can teach them! Think about it! Miruko, teaching these new heroes how to be their very best! Being a hero is more than just beating up villains, after all.”
 
  The devil stopped and stroked her chin.
 
  “I guess that’s fine. Help boost the ratings and all that.”
 
  The angel and Rumi nodded in agreement.
 
  “Plus, you have been lonely recently. Perhaps you could woo your way into Izuku’s heart~.”
 
  The others flushed bright red and Rumi snapped to attention, facing the inquisitive face of Izuku.
 
  “Are you sure? I can call my mom and ask her to send someone up here-”
 
  Rumi interrupted him.
 
  “It’s no problem, Izuku. Now grab your stuff. We have a policewoman to talk to.”

  
  

  The paperwork took a bit longer than everyone expected. Be the time the quartet had emerged from the police station with Izuku as Eri’s guardian, the little uni-dragon had fallen asleep.
 
  Ochako and Rumi loved the sight of Izuku carrying Eri in his arms, although the Lopuuny wouldn’t admit it.
 
  They walked a short distance from the police station to Rumi’s agency, which wasn’t much to show. Despite becoming the Number Five Hero in a matter of weeks after debuting, she didn’t really see the need to hire any sidekicks and instead stuck to her solo act.
 
  Which left the agency as a large apartment with a single bedroom that doubled as Rumi’s “office,” an entertainment room with a pull-out couch in case of any guests, a kitchen, a single bathroom with a tub, and a second bedroom that had been converted into a training area. 
 
  “Well, here we are. Home sweet home. At least for the next ten months or so. Which reminds me: Izuku, have you called your mom yet?”
 
  The greenette nodded, remember the earful Inko had given him. “She understands, but she wants you to call at least once every week with a status update.”
 
  “Right. Let’s get the three of you all situated, shall we? I have a futon somewhere, so I can sleep in that if one of you wants my bed and the other two get the couch.”
 
  “Thank you, Rumi.”
 
  “Don’t thank me now, kid. We gotta get you three in the bed first.”
 
  The Lopunny hero strode over to the training room beelined for the closet, pulling it open to locate the futon.
 
  Which had been repurposed by the local mice to make a nest somewhere in the walls nearby, leaving a shredded mess in the closet.
 
  Rumi stared at the mangled remains of the futon, swearing that somewhere, someone was messing with her.
 
  She angrily walked back to her three wards and crossed her arms, thumping her foot.
 
  “New plan. The futon’s been repurposed as a nest for the rodents, so that means you all are sharing the couch.”
 
  Izuku and Ochako looked at each other and blushed, the thought of sharing a bed together extremely embarrassing.
 
  They hadn’t even started dating, much less sharing each other’s personal space. 
 
  But unfortunately for them, there was a grumpy rabbit in the room. 
 
  “I appreciate you two willing to respect the other’s personal space, but 
  
    come on. 
  
  You should’ve been asleep hours ago and I’m not going to listen to you two dorks dance around in a prolonged mating ritual when you could just be sleeping! Now go get changed into some spare training clothes and go to bed!”
 
  Ochako bleated in shock and Izuku nodded, already moving into the other room to collect the necessary clothing. His Wooloo companion followed him in and carefully took Eri from his arms, moving into the living room and discovering that Rumi had already pulled it out and was applying the appropriate bedding. 
 
  She added a few pillows and blankets and huffed before heading to her own room and closing the door behind her, leaving the three other residents of the apartment alone.
 
  Izuku came in with a spare training outfit, already dressed in one. Ochako traded it for Eri and headed to another room to change.
 
  Eri mumbled her sleep, her face nuzzling into Izuku’s shoulder as she slept. The greenette felt his heart melt just a little more, and he climbed into the makeshift bed, setting the small girl next to himself and making sure she was comfortable before making himself comfortable.
 
  The excitement for the earlier events of the day had tuckered him out, and sleep came to him quickly.
 
  Ochako came next, stopping and smiling at the sight before her. 
 
  Izuku was holding Eri in a protective embrace, and the silver-haired girl was holding onto his chest like she was afraid he would vanish if he let go.
 
  It made the Scottish-Japanese girl smile.
 
  “Yoo’ll make a great faither, Deku.”
 
  She climbed into the bed, lying down next to Eri and securing a pair of mittens over her hands.
 
  Before she drifted off to dreamland, an image of Izuku and herself living together with a multitude of baby Wooloos appeared in her mind, and she smiled.

  Yeah, he would make a great father.
 
  Ochako fell asleep counting her future children, imaging the little lambs scurrying around their green-haired father.

  
  

  The morning sun peeked in through closed blinds, creating a soft golden light in the room.
 
  Ochako grumped and opened her eyes, finding the pull-out couch devoid of her green-haired companion.
 
  Eri was snuggled against her, her soft breath tickling the wool’s chest. She grumbled in her sleep, snuggling further into Ochako’s frame as the Wooloo moved away. The brunette couldn’t help herself and giggled, startling Eri.
 
  Her vermillion eyes fluttered open and refocused on Ochako, fear flashing in her eyes as she scrambled away, hugging the blankets to herself.
 
  Ochako raised her hands in a non-threatening gesture, trying not to display herself as a threat.
 
  “It’s okay. I’m Ochako, the lass that saved ye from ‘at Slime. I dorn’t mean ye any harm.”
 
  Eri stayed silent and far from Ochako, giving her a wary look.
 
  “Okay. Weel, it doesnae look like you wannae talk rite noow, so I’m gonnae leave you aloone.”
 
  She stood up from the bed and exited the couch, detecting the smell of breakfast.
 
  And the sound of someone humming a tune as they cooked.
 
  Ochako walked into the small kitchen of the apartment and found Izuku frying bacon and eggs for breakfast.
 
  He was dancing away as he cooked without a care in the world, gleefully humming as he served the meal onto four separate plates.
 
  “Who the hell is making all this racket?!”
 
  Ochako and Izuku flinched and turned to face the sound of the voice.
 
  Rumi was standing in the doorway, being a very grumpy rabbit.
 
  “What the fuck are you two doing up this early?”
 
  Izuku looked over at the clock and back at the Lopunny.
 
  “Uh, Rumi, it’s 9:43.”
 
  “Is it?”

  “Yeah.” 
 
  “Goddamnit. I am not a morning person.”
 
  Izuku chuckled. “Yeah, I can tell.”
 
  He grabbed a plate of breakfast and presented it to her, the smell wafting to her nostrils. Her stomach rumbled and she snatched the plate.
 
  Rumi’s ears twitched in annoyance and she huffed as she ate her breakfast. It was delicious, but she wouldn’t admit that.
 
  Unfortunately, her ears betrayed her by perking up on the first bite of the meal.
 
  Ochako bit into her bacon and eggs, and every part of her mouth sat up and sang.
 
  
    ‘At’s it. I’m marrying thes cinnamon bun if it’s tae last thing I do.
  
 
  Izuku watched the two girls consume their breakfast with blinding speed, surprise coming to his face.
 
  “You two really liked it that much?”
 
  “Of coorse I did! Why wooldn’t I?” Ochako asked, her face curious. Rumi huffed and looked away, muttering a barely audible answer.
 
  “What was that?” Izuku asked, slightly teasing but still genuine.
 
  “I said it was delicious, kid! Now don’t push your luck!”
 
  Izuku raised his hands in surrender. “Alright, alright, I get it.”
 
  He picked up the fourth plate and grabbed a spare apple, cutting it into slices quickly. He wasn’t sure why he was doing that, but maybe their guest liked apples. “Ochako, is Eri awake?”
 
  “Yeah. She’s all bundled up in tae blankets. She didne wannae talk to me wen we woke up, so I think she’s still a bit on tae cautious side.”
 
  Izuku nodded and picked up both his and Eri’s plate and headed to the living room, finding the silver-haired girl backed as far as she could into the corner of the couch, facing Izuku with a wary gaze.
 
  The greenette set the plate of bacon, eggs, and sliced apple down on the coffee table close to Eri, but still a respectable distance. He then backed away, giving the girl a clear path to the food while still remaining in her field of view. 
 
  “Good morning, Eri. I brought you some breakfast.”
 
  Eri glanced between him and the food, eyes uncertain and cautious.
 
  “You can have the food. I’m not going to hurt you.”
 
  She gave Izuku one last look before darting over to the food and snatching up the apple slices. She bit into one, and her face lit up in a smile. 
 
  Eri grabbed as many of the apple slices as she could and darted back into her makeshift fortress of blankets, nibbling the apple slices like they were the last thing she would ever eat.
 
  She finished them rather quickly. After the last one was devoured, Eri spun around in her little corner just to make sure she hadn’t missed any slices, pouted, and then looked over at Izuku, who had just finished his own plate of breakfast.
 
  “Um, mister?”
 
  Izuku looked up and swallowed his last mouthful. “Yeah?”
 
  “Can I have more of the sweet red and yellow thing?”
 
  It took the greenette a minute, but he understood what she was asking. “You want another apple?”
 
  Eri nodded.
 
  “Sure, but can you eat your eggs and bacon first? You’ll need the protein to grow big and strong.”
 
  The girl looked over at her other food and back at Izuku.
 
  “You’ll get another apple if you eat the other food, okay?”
 
  Eri nodded and hesitantly moved over to her plate, grabbing a slice of bacon and hesitantly biting into it.
 
  Her face lit up and she scarfed down the rest of the delicious jerky and started on her eggs, devouring her breakfast in a heartbeat.
 
  And she was still hungry, if the growl her stomach made was any indication.
 
  Izuku laughed. “You must be really hungry. I’ll get another apple for you.”
 
  He stood and turned to the kitchen.
 
  “Uh, mister?”
 
  “Yes?”
 
  “What’s your name? And what the bunny and sheep’s name?”
 
  Izuku was taken aback, and then realized he had never introduced himself.
 
  “Well, the bunny is Rumi Usagiyama, and sheep is Ochako Uraraka, and I’m Izuku Midoriya.”

  Eri nodded.
 
  “Izuku?”
 
  “Yes?”
 
  “Thank you for saving me from the mean slime.”
 
  The greenette smiled at the silver-haired girl.
 
  “You’re welcome. I’m just glad you’re safe.”
 
  “Will you tell Miss Rumi and Miss Raka thank you for me?”
 
  “Sure, thing, Eri. I’ll be right back with that apple.
 
  He left the living room, not noticing how pained Eri’s eyes seemed when he disappeared from sight. But he was coming back, so that was okay.
 
  The silver-haired girl didn’t want him to leave, but she had a feeling that he would never abandon her or lock her away.
 
  Not like Chisaki had.

  
    Chapter Text
    
  “You’re telling me that you adopted this girl, and you don’t have any other clothes for her?”
 
  “Yeah, Mom. I was actually planning on going on a shopping trip after you got here.”
 
  Izuku heard his mother sigh on the other side of the phone. Inko had called almost as soon as breakfast was ready, stating that she was coming to drop off a care package.
 
  “Well, it’s a good thing you remembered to set some savings aside. I’m going to have a talk with Rumi while you, Uraraka, and Eri are out. My train gets to Musutafu in about twenty minutes. Will you meet me at the station?”
 
  “Sure thing. See you in twenty minutes?”
 
  “I’ll be waiting. Love you!”
 
  “I love you too, Mom. Bye.”
 
  Izuku hung up the phone, turning back to the three members of the opposite sex behind him.
 
  “Mom is coming on a train in twenty minutes. She wants all of us to meet her, and then we’re coming back here and then Mom wants to speak to you in private.”
 
  The Lopunny froze. She knew enough about Inko that she was sure that in for a lecture about ensuring the safety of Izuku and Eri, who was essentially her unofficial granddaughter at this point.
 
  And if the tales about Inko’s wrath were at least the slightest bit true, she’d better so all she could to make sure Izuku was safe.
 
  She watched as the greenette carefully wiped Eri’s mouth, telling the girl to stop squirming as nicely as he could.
 
  It was probably the most adorable thing she’d seen in her entire life.
 
  Ochako was trying desperately and failing miserably to stifle her giggles, which earned an embarrassed smile from Izuku.
 
  Eri’s face was finally scrubbed clean, and she pouted, not liking the feeling of someone cleaning her face.
 
  “Eri, we have to go to the train station now. When we go outside, I need you to stay close to me, okay?”
 
  The silver-haired girl nodded and took Izuku’s outstretched hand, and then the greenette noticed that she didn’t have any shoes.
 
  His solution was to carry the girl on his shoulders to the station.
 
  Eri giggled the entire way there, smiling in glee as Izuku carried her there.
 
  It was about a fifteen-minute walk, and Izuku supposed that they could all use the exercise. Besides, Eri seemed to be entranced by everything. The sky, the buildings, the people that smiled as she laughed when they passed…
 
  It filled her with wonder and curiosity, but it made her smile.
 
  Everything was just so new and cool! 
 
  It was a nice change of pace after two years of being locked in a cell.
 
  Eri stuck out her arms, imitating an airplane as Izuku smiled, trailed closely by Ochako and Rumi.
 
  Both girls swore they could feel themselves falling further in love with the greenette as they saw him bonding with the silver-haired girl.
 
  They looked at each other, and a silent agreement passed between them.
 
  There were no laws forbidding polyamory. As a matter of fact, it was actively encouraged for men to have as many partners as possible.
 
  Which was very good for the two Mamono.
 
  They followed Izuku’s receding figure to the station, already wanting to pop the question to Inko.

  
  

  Inko greeted her son with wide arms, crushing her shorter son and easily lifting him and Eri off the ground.
 
  “Mom… lungs… crushing… can’t breathe…”
 
  “Oh, sorry.” The Midoriya matriarch put Izuku down gently, towering over him by a good two feet. She looked up and saw Eri, her face lighting up.
 
  “And this must be Eri!”
 
  For some reason, the silver-haired girl wasn’t afraid of Inko. 
 
  It actually seemed that she was happy to be in the woman’s gaze.
 
  Eri curiously looked up at Inko.
 
  “Are you my Grandma?”
 
  Inko’s heart, which was already overflowing with compassion and love, burst with affection. Tears of joy poured out her eyes and she scooped up the silver-haired girl and smothered her in a hug.
 
  “Papa, help!”
 
  Izuku froze.
 
  “Papa…?”
 
  Tears formed in his eyes, and he joined the hug, tears pouring out of his own eyes.
 
  “Eri called me Papa…!”
 
  The young Mamono burst into tears, overwhelmed by all the positive emotions she was receiving. She clung to her newly-declared father and grandmother, sobbing with them as they cried tears of happiness.
 
  Ochako and Rumi caught up, and they nearly died at the sight before them.
 
  Eventually, the ters stopped and the trio turned to the newcomers.
 
  “Oh hello, Rumi! It’s been a while!” Inko held out her arms and Rumi allowed herself to be hugged by the Holstaur, making a slight sound of discomfort.
 
  “Hi, Inko.”
 
  “We have so much to talk about! Izuku, I would love to catch up, but you do need to do some shopping for Eri, right?”
 
  Izuku nodded.
 
  “Right. Take this money. Ochako, why don’t you go with my son and granddaughter? Rumi and I need to have a talk.”
 
  “Okae.”
 
  She, Eri, and Izuku all disappeared from sight, leaving the Lopunny Mamono alone with Inko.
 
  “So tell me, Rumi…”
 
  The cocoa bunny’s ears flopped down in fear and she turned to face Midoriya matriarch.
 
  “...what 
  
    exactly
  
   are your plans for my son?”

  
  

  “Papa, where are we going?”
 
  Eri’s hands were absent-mindedly running through his fluffy green hair. If he hadn’t been walking, he probably would’ve purred.
 
  “We’re going to the store to get you some clothes, Eri.”
 
  “What’s a store, Papa?”
 
  Izuku stopped, then remembered that Eri had never been outside for a long time, so it was natural for her to ask questions.
 
  “A store is a place where you can go to buy things. Right now, we’re going to a clothes store so that you don’t have to wear the same shirt and bandages over and over again.”
 
  “What’s wrong with the clothes I have now, Papa?”
 
  “Well, they’re old and dirty. You could get sick, and I think it would be nice if you wore something besides them for once.”
 
  Eri looked down at the bandages covering her arms and rubbed them subconsciously, not wanting to let her Papa see the scars.

  
  

  They made it to a department store, where Rumi caught up to them, panting heavily.
 
  Izuku raised an eyebrow. “Mom let you go that easily?”
 
  “Yeah.” Rumi caught her breath and stood up, her ears standing at attention. “She said since I’m technically your guardian, I should probably supervise your shopping trips.”
 
  “Really? I guess that sounds like Mom.”
 
  Rumi looked over at Ochako and exchanged a secret glance with her.
 
  “She also said that Uraraka and I had some, uh, 
  
    private shopping 
  
  to do.”
 
  Ochako’s eyes were confused, then flashed in realization.
 
  “Oh. 
  
    Oh. 
  
  Yeah. Um, Deku, the girls section looks like it’s ovar ‘ere. Rumi ‘nd I are gunna go, uh, do some adult shopping. If ye need annae advice on wot ye think Eri woold fit in, just text me tae picture, okae?”
 
  Izuku nodded, not quite sure what was going on, but he knew enough to keep his mouth shut about it. He turned and headed off to the girl’s section while Rumi and Ochako went to a more, 
  
    mature 
  
  part of the store.
 
  Luckily, the boy moved out of sight and focused on exploring the clothing racks with Eri.
 
  They spent many hours browsing the clothing until they picked out the clothes. Izuku asked Ochako to come back so that she could help her change, and then the silver-haired girl came out of the changing room crying.
 
  “Eri, what’s wrong?”
 
  She said nothing and continued to sob against Izuku’s leg.
 
  “What is it?”
 
  The girl wept and rolled up her sleeves, showing the scars she bore on her arms.
 
  “I’m ugly, Papa…”
 
  Izuku’s heart lurched and Ochako came out of the changing room with a worried expression on her face.
 
  “Why do you say that, Eri?”
 
  “These!” She wailed and shoved the scarred limbs back in his face, tears pouring down her face.
 
  “I’m ugly and I’m broken!” She clung to Izuku and sobbed onto his chest, wetting his shirt.
 
  The greenette just held her close and let her cry, rubbing her back.
 
  “Hey.”
 
  Eri looked up to see Izuku rolling up his sleeve, revealing a scar over his right forearm. She gasped and looked at it, running her hands over the hardened flesh.
 
  “I got that from falling from a tree when I was a bit older than you are now.”
 
  The silver-haired girl marveled at the scar and looked up at her father, her eyes wide.
 
  “I cried the entire way to the hospital, even when I ran out of tears. Mom was trying everything to get me to calm down, but I cried and cried. Point is, scars aren’t always a bad thing.”
 
  Izuku looked down at Eri and smiled.
 
  “It means you survived.”
 
  His daughter’s eyes filled with tears and tackled him, her sobs sympathetic.
 
  “Hey, it’s okay. I don’t think your scars are ugly. And neither should you.”
 
  Eri nodded and nuzzled into his chest, her tears slowing.
 
  “Do you think you can go try on your clothes now?”
 
  His daughter nodded and followed Ochako back into the changing rooms.
 
  She tried on many clothes but settled on a white dress shirt and a plain red pinafore, gray leggings and a pair of tan boots.
 
  Eri spun in a circle loving the clothes she was wearing.
 
  “I think we have enough clothes for you to wear, Eri. Let’s go pay for them, okay?”
 
  “Okay!”
 
  She took Izuku’s outstretched hand and skipped alongside him, making their way to the checkout with Ochako in tow.
 
  The Wooloo watched with pride as Eri bounced with excitement. Izuku paid for her clothes, and Eri's stomach rumbled.
 
  She looked down in embarrassment.
 
  Izuku smiled at her. “Are you hungry?”
 
  “Yeah…”
 
  “There’s a few restaurants nearby. How about I take you three out to lunch?”
 
  “Ooh, I want an apple!”
 
  Izuku laughed. “Ochako, would you like to come to lunch with Eri and I?”
 
  “Sure. Lemme jist call Rumi reel quick.”
 
  She pulled out her phone and dialed Rumi’s number. The Lopunny picked up after two rings.
 
  “Hello?”
 
  “Hey, where are ye? Deku wants to go to lunch.”
 
  “Sure. I’m just buying clothes.”
 
  “Cool, but can you hurry it up? Eri’s really hungry.”
 
  “Yeah. Give me a second.”
 
  “What’s tae problem?”
 
  “I can’t find them.”
 
  “Whaddya mean, yea cannae find ‘em?”
 
  “I can’t find them, there’s only apples!”
 
  “Then get oot of tae apple aisle!”
 
  “Alright! You don’t need to shout at me!”
 
  Ochako heard a shuffling noise and then Rumi’s voice came back to the phone.
 
  “There’s more apples!”
 
  “Whaddya mean, there’s more apples?”
 
  “I mean there’s more apples!”
 
  “Go into tae next aisle!
 
  “There’s still apples!”
 
  “Where are ye rite now?!”
 
  “I’m at apples!”
 
  “Whaddya mean you’re at apples?”
 
  “I mean I’m at apples!”
 
  “WHAT STORE ARE YE AT?!”
 
  “I’M AT THE APPLE STORE!
  
    ”
  
 
  
    “WHY ARE YOU BUYING CLOTHES AT THE APPLE STORE?!”
  
 
  
    “FUCK YOU!”
  
 
  The line went dead and Ochako stared at the phone in intense rage.
 
  “Ochako, is everything alright?”
 
  She spun around and gave Eri and Izuku a bright smile.
 
  “Yeah, everything is great! Rumi said she’ll be a couple of minutes, so we’el go ahead an’ get a table.”
 
  She began shoving them towards the nearest restaurant, not really looking at name of it.
 
  Turns out she took them to a normal family restaurant, which was a relief to all involved. The staff were friendly, and some of them and other restaurant patrons where throwing glances Izuku’s way.
 
  Izuku caught a few whispers of the fact there was a man in the restaurant, and he shrank slightly.
 
  “Papa, what’s wrong?”
 
  “It’s nothing, Eri.” 
 
  He could practically feel all the curious glances directed in his direction.
 
  “I guess I’m not used to all this attention.”
 
  Their host guided them to a table quickly, and Ochako stealthily texted Rumi the name of the restaurant, who texted back, saying not to worry about her and that she should enjoy her time with Eri and Izuku.
 
  The Wooloo set a reminder to thank the Lopunny later.
 
  Their waitress came over to order their drinks, and Ochako noticed her flirting with Izuku, who was being dense as a brick and not recognizing the flirting at all.
 
  It didn’t stop her from glaring at the waitress in jealousy.
 
  Didn’t she know the Deku was hers?
 
  A hand on hers brought Ochako back down to Earth.
 
  “Are you okay, Ochako? You seem upset.”
 
  She looked up and her face flushed red.
 
  “I-I’m fine! Thank fur askin’.”
 
  “You sure? If you’re not feeling okay, we can leave-”
 
  “I’m fine, Deku. I jist-”
 
  The words caught in her throat.
 
  “Just what?”
 
  “I’m just-”
 
  Why couldn’t she say it? He was right there in front of her, caring as could be. His beautiful viridescent eyes peering into her, full of concern.
 
  God, he was such a blessing to her.
 
  “I love you.”
 
  The words came out before Ochako realized what she had done.
 
  But it was too late.
 
  No going back now.
 
  She looked up to Izuku, feeling her face grow hot with embarrassment.
 
  “I’m sorry, I didnae mean to-”
 
  She was silenced by a kiss.
 
  A very awkward kiss, but a kiss nonetheless.
 
  It lasted for only a few seconds, but Izuku pulled away, his own face burning with red hot embarrassment.
 
  He looked over to Ochako and uttered four words that would change their lives forever.
 
  “I love you too.”

  
    Chapter Text
    
  Ochako laid on the fold-out couch Rumi had provided, gazing at Izuku’s sleeping face as he subconsciously shielded Eri in his sleep.
 
  How had she ended up at this point? She had a loving boyfriend, a daughter by extension of said boyfriend, and tomorrow, she began training for the U.A. entrance exam with one of the best heroes in the country!
 
  Damn, she was lucky. And it had all started from wanting to help her parents. Maybe it was fate that she had seen the ad for a weresheep at the farm. The job that led her to meet Izuku and consequently, end up where she was now.
 
  Honestly, it was like there was a god watching over her and making sure things went her way. Balance out the karma and all that. 
 
  But honestly, divine intervention or just pure, unadulterated luck didn’t matter now.
 
  All that mattered was that she was here now, with Izuku and Eri. 
 
  Ochako snuggled into a protective position around Eri and sighed content and at peace. She nodded off a few minutes later, and once again dreamed of baby Wooloos scurrying through the house.

  
  

  Eri awoke to find the fold-out couch empty, save for herself. She sniffed the air and smelled delicious bacon and eggs. Normally, she would’ve liked to just lie in bed and not move, but her stomach took first priority.
 
  The young girl hopped out of her blanket and hurried into the kitchen, almost running headfirst into Rumi’s leg. She looked up at the rabbit who was more than twice her height and gazed up in wonder.
 
  “You’re pretty.”
 
  Rumi flushed red and stammered. “W-What?”
 
  Eri beamed up at her. “You’re pretty! Ask Papa, he thinks you’re pretty too!”
 
  “Eh?”
 
  “What about me, Eri?”
 
  Both Mamono turned to see Izuku with Ochako in the doorway, his face curious.
 
  “I said that Miss Rumi was pretty and that you think she’s pretty too!”
 
  Izuku’s face flushed, and Ochako would’ve felt a bit jealous but then remembered the silent conversation she had with Rumi the day before.
 
  It wasn’t like she 
  
    wouldn’t 
  
  share, but you had to be willing to ask first.
 
  “W-Well, I um, do think she’s pretty, but it’s time for breakfast.”
 
  Izuku lifted Eri into his arms and set her on her seat at the kitchen island. He served her bacon and eggs, and she chowed down, finishing her meal before the others even had a chance to begin theirs.
 
  “Sorry, I was really hungry.”
 
  She beamed, and Izuku couldn’t stay mad at her any longer.
 
  “It’s alright, Eri. Ochako, Miss Rumi and I are going to the beach to train, but it’s very dangerous there. I need you to stay close and when we start training, I’d like you to keep us in sight but stay a safe enough distance so you don’t get hurt, okay?”
 
  “Okay!”
 
  Izuku nodded and resumed eating his own breakfast. He finished quickly, followed by Ochako and Rumi. He washed the dishes, and the four of them walked out to Rumi’s car. Ochako climbed into the front seat with Rumi, and Izuku strapped Eri into her booster seat.
 
  “Papa, where are we going?”
 
  “We’re going to Dagobah Municipal Beach Park.”
 
  “Papa, what’s a beach?”
 
  “It’s a place where the sea meets the land, and they’re quite beautiful, most of the time. The one we’re going to is covered in trash, so we’re going to help clean it up.”
 
  “Oh.”
 
  “It’s going to take a while, so I might call your grandma and ask if she can watch you from time to time.”
 
  “Grandma watching me! I love Grandma!”
 
  Izuku giggled and ruffled Eri’s hair.
 
  “I’m sure you do, Eri.”

  
  

  The rest of the drive to Dagobah was uneventful, aside from a few moments where Eri would look outside and wonder what something was. Izuku was very patient and explained all that he could to the best of his ability, much to the joy of Ochako and Rumi.
 
  They pulled into the parking lot, and were immediately disappointed by the scrap lying everywhere.
 
  “This is a beach, Papa?”
 
  “Yes, but it’s very dirty, which is why I’m helping to clean it up.”
 
  The group stepped out of the car and made their way over to the shore-turned-scrapyard, taking care to avoid any particularly deadly scrap.
 
  Rumi stopped them and turned around. 
 
  “Alright, you two. We’re going to clean this beach in order to build your muscles up for the entrance exam. Now, I’m not able to be in two places at once, which is why I’ve reluctantly called in some backup. She should be here any second now.”
 
  As if on cue, a ball of flame appeared from nowhere and hurtled towards Rumi, who turned to it and kicked the ball into the beach.
 
  A plume of steam and water shot high into the sky, a rainbow appearing in the mist. Eri looked at it in wonder, her smile bright.
 
  A Cinderace wererabbit landed next to Rum. She stood at a height of six-foot-two, her hair the color of burning copper. She grinned and wiggled in excitement, full of energy.
 
  “That was awesome! Let’s do it again!”
 
  “Damnit Moe! Could you not give me a heart attack every single time you want to say hello?!”
 
  “Oh come on! You could use the excitement!”
 
  “I have civilians right here next to me!”
 
  “I knew you could handle it.”
 
  “That’s hardly an excuse and you know it!”
 
  Izuku interrupted them, his eyes sparkling with curiosity.
 
  “Oh my god, are you Moe Kamaji, also known as Burnin’?!”
 
  Moe stopped and turned to him, stopping and realizing that a man was talking to her. 
 
  Her Mamono instincts started scheming ways to seduce the man in front of her, and her smile turned sultry.
 
  “I am. And what might your name, stud?”
 
  “Oi! Lay off mae boyfriend. He ain’t yers for the takin’.”
 
  The Cinderace backed off, not liking the vibes the Wooloo was giving off.
 
  “My bad. So Rumi, you didn’t tell me that we’d be training a man.”
 
  “Oh, you’re not training him. I am. Last thing we need is you jumping him and an incident report.”
 
  Moe huffed and crossed her arms.
 
  “Fair enough.”
 
  She turned to address Ochako and game the Wooloo a once-over.
 
  “Don’t expect me to go easy on you, uh…”
 
  “Ochako Uraraka. And I’d liek it if ya gave it all ya got.”
 
  The two girls grinned, the fires of competition already burning within the both of them.
 
  It was on.
 
  “If you’ll follow me, Uraraka, I’ll get you set up on lifting right away.”
 
  “Lead on, Kamaji.”
 
  “Please, just call me Moe.”
 
  They walked off, leaving Rumi, Eri, and Izuku alone.
 
  “It scares me that they’re getting along so quickly now.” Izuku said, scratching the back of his head.
 
  Rumi nodded. “Yeah. But in the meantime, let’s see what you can normally lift…”

  
  

  Izuku heaved a piece of scrap into the dumpster on the parking lot of the beach, panting heavily. The metal was heavy, but it was building his muscles for future training.
 
  The greenette flexed his muscles, feeling sore after hours of physical labor. He had long since shed his shirt, exposing his chest to the world.
 
  Rumi was having a hard time looking at him and trying to not let her nose bleed, so instead, she looked to see what progress Izuku had done.
 
  It was minimal compared to the vast majority of the beach, but the difference was there. You could see actual sand instead of rusty metal, which made the Lopunny Mamono impressed.
 
  A truck pulled into the parking lot, and Mei hopped out, her small four-foot frame racing over to Izuku.
 
  “Zuku!”
 
  The farmboy smiled and hugged Mei as she approached, easily lifting the gremlin off her feet.

  “Hey, Mei! What are you doing here?”
 
  “I’m here to collect the scrap you’ve been cleaning up! It’s a lot of raw materials, and I can use them for my babies!”
 
  Izuku nodded, wiping his brow.
 
  “Cool. Do you need help with the dumpster?”
 
  “No thanks! I got it!” Mei motioned at the truck, which drove over and lifted the dumpster, dumping all the scrap into a collection bin. It set the dumpster down, and Mei waved.
 
  “Thanks, Bastion!”
 
  The robot beeped in affirmation. His gremlin charge turned back to Izuku and hugged him one last time.
 
  “I’d like to stick around, but I just got a new idea for a baby! Bye Zuku!”
 
  She scurried into the truck and Bastion drove it away, leaving Izuku very confused.
 
  “Friend of yours?”
 
  Izuku turned to see Rumi actively avoiding looking at his chest. He nodded and continued the conversation for her sake.
 
  “Yeah. She works at the farm now, actually. Crashed into my bedroom in the middle of the night, fixed up some of our machines the next day and she’s been with us ever since.”
 
  “Ah. Well, there’s just a tiny bit more scrap for you to haul, and then we’ll call it a day. You up for that?”
 
  “Yeah.”
 
  He followed the cocoa bunny back to the beach, where he fixed his grasp around a piece of scrap. He lifted with his legs and hauled the scrap back to the dumpster.
 
  “Whew. Now, I’m going to get Eri, and then we’ll wait for Ochako to come back.”
 
  Rumi nodded, and Izuku jogged down the path to the beach, wondering where his daughter was.
 
  “Eri, where are you?”
 
  His words echoed over the beach, getting no response.
 
  “Eri?”
 
  “Over here, Papa!”
 
  Izuku hurried over to the sound of her voice and found the young girl poking at a rusted robot. It had seen better days, but there was something off about this one.
 
  “Look at the size of this thing, Papa! It’s huge!”
 
  It was in fact massive. Over the size of a medium-sized house, the robot appeared to be a quadruped, with four spindly legs supporting the main body. The main body housed a laser cannon on top of itself, and appeared to be almost spider-like in its design.
 
  Izuku’s eyes shot open when recognized the design from one of his history books. He was looking at a Mechon 104 Fortress Unit, a robot designed by a rogue AI a hundred years ago. He slowly backed away, not wanting to make any sudden movements.
 
  “Eri, please come this way and don’t run. Walk, please.”
 
  She raised an eyebrow but nodded and walked toward him. She was making good progress when she tripped over a spare rock and face-planted on the ground, yelping in surprise.
 
  The Fortress Unit’s red lights activated, and the massive robot shuddered as it woke up. Sand fell from its unused limbs, and it locked onto Izuku and Eri, the laser cannon already warming up.
 
  Izuku panicked and snatched up Eri holding her tightly in his arms as he narrowly dodged a laser that stuck where he had been standing only a second before. The sand blackened and turned to glass, smoldering.
 
  The Mechon turned back to Izuku and locked on again, charging its laser. It was ready to fire and locked onto the fleeing duo, who had no idea they were about to die.
 
  The greenette looked up and saw Moe and Ochako staring up at the robot in fear while Rumi’s eyes were filled with horror. He turned and saw the laser cannon fully charged and primed.
 
  
    Well, I guess this is how I die.
  
 
  He looked down at Eri and ran his fingers through her hair, trying to calm the girl as she wept.
 
  
    I’m sorry I didn’t get to see you longer, Eri. I hope these last few days were the best you’ve had in your life.
  
 
  The laser fired, and Izuku closed his eyes.
 
  But the searing pain of being evaporated by the laser never came.
 
  “Everything’s alright now.”
 
  Huh. A voice spoke. Must be an angel taking Eri and himself to the afterlife.
 
  “Because I am here!”
 
  Wait just a minute. That sounded suspiciously like- 
 
  Izuku’s eyes shot open and they nearly bugged out of his skull when he saw who had saved him.
 
  “ALL-MIGHT?!”
 
  The ogre laughed, flashing her trademark smile.
 
  “In the flesh, young… wait, you’re a man?!”
 
  “Uh, yeah? But there’s a giant Mechon that wants to kill us! We can talk about that later!”
 
  Said Mechon activated a flamethrower on its under chassis in an attempt to smoke the remaining people on the beach out. Its beady red eyes zeroed on Ochako and it raised one of its legs to kill her.
 
  The leg came down and was blocked by the club All-Might was wielding. It crackled with electricity and the kanji for machine was illuminated on the side. The ogre’s muscles screamed as she pushed back against the mechanoid behemoth.
 
  “Heh. Why don’t you try picking on someone your own size?”
 
  The Mechon locked onto All-Might and flamed the area where she was standing, a tiny bit of Ochako’s wool burning. She beat out the flames as the blonde hero leaped onto the robot, beating it with the club and easily denting its armor. The Fortress Unit didn’t like that and shook itself, knocking both All-Might and her weapon to the ground.
 
  The ogre hero struggled to her feet, bravely staring down the Mechon in front of her. Her club stuck into the sand, deactivated. She tried to walk over to it, but her left side grew hot with pain, and she collapsed to her knees.
 
  
    Damnit. I thought I had more time!
  
 
  Izuku made it to the others and set Eri down, then turned to see All-Might in at her most vulnerable.
 
  
    Is All-Might hurt?
  
 
  He shook that thought out of his head.
 
  
    No. She’s the number one hero. She can handle this, right?
  
 
  The Mechon locked onto All-Might, and the hero groaned internally.
 
  
    I guess I’m shortening my time limit again to save these civilians. But it’s what I do, so screw it.
  
 
  The sound of a laser cannon charging sent another wave of fear through her. Izuku panicked and saw All-Might’s club laying in the sand.
 
  He ran forward before he knew what he was doing.
 
  
    Not this again! Too late now, I guess!
  
 
  Ochako was speechless when she saw her boyfriend run at top speed towards the danger.
 
  
    Does he not have annae self-preservation?!
  
 
  Izuku made raced past All-Might, and her eyes widened when she saw Izuku racing towards her club.
 
  “Kid, stop! It’ll kill you!”
 
  He didn’t listen and grabbed the club’s hilt, pulling it from the ground easily despite it looking heavier than anything he should’ve been capable of carrying.
 
  It activated, and electricity surged down the weapon into Izuku’s arm and he groaned in pain as it shocked him. Shakily he brandished the club before the Mechon and let out a battle cry, and the weapon changed in his hand.
 
  The club grew slimmer, becoming red and forming into a sword. The sword slid open and a blade of blue light appeared, a pane of glass revealing the kanji for machine. The electricity stopped, and he charged the Mechon, screaming at the top of his lungs.
 
  Suddenly, a vision played out before him. He charged forward, not noticing the leg of the Mechon that came down on him from above and speared him through the middle, ending his life. Izuku gasped out in shock, and the vision ended.
 
  He looked up and saw the leg bearing down on him, and he dodged to the left, narrowly avoiding the Mechon’s attack. Izuku swung the sword and it cut through the robot’s leg like a hot knife through butter. The behemoth swayed, now a bit unsteady in its stance. Izuku quickly charged over to the other leg and cut it, and the Mechon toppled forward, unable to keep itself upright.
 
  Izuku dodged out of the way and lifted the sword above him, the blade growing longer above him. He screamed the first words that came to his mind, and they seemed oddly fitting.
 
  “Monado… BUSTER!”
 
  He brought down the sword and cut the Mechon in two, the metal holding little resistance against the glowing blue blade. By some miracle, it didn’t explode, but its two halves feel to the sides and collapsed throwing up huge clouds of sand.
 
  The clouds blocked the greenette from view, and All-Might along with the others, panicked.
 
  “Young man, are you alright?”
 
  Eri screamed out, completely distraught. 
 
  “Papa!”
 
  She raced toward the cloud, tears running down her face.
 
  She couldn’t lose him. Not when she had just gotten him.
 
  “I’m here, Eri.”
 
  Izuku stepped out of the cloud, blinking sand out of his eyes. He had the sword on his back, and Eri latched onto him.
 
  “Papa…”
 
  She sobbed and her father held her close, rubbing her back and running his fingers through her hair.
 
  “Hey, hey. It’s okay. I’m here. Papa’s got you.”
 
  “I t-thought you w-were dead, a-and that I-I was alone a-again…”
 
  Eri broke down crying again and she hugged Izuku tight. Ochako ran up to Izuku, he set Eri down for a second. The greenette held out his arms for a hug, and got a slap across the face.
 
  He reeled, then faced Ochako again, her eyes brimming with tears. 
 
  “I suppose I deserved that.”
 
  Ochako grabbed him and kissed him deeply, slipping a bit of tongue into the kiss, which Izuku reciprocated. 
 
  Moe, Rumi, and All-Might moved in, and the ogre cleared her throat.
 
  The two lovers stopped their kiss and looked away, embarrassed. 
 
  “I believe you have something of mine, Young…”
 
  “Midoriya, All-Might. Sorry, here’s your Monado.” Izuku took the sword off his back and handed it to All-Might. The blade shifted back into its club form, and the ogre stared at it curiously.
 
  “Interesting…”
 
  Izuku raised an eyebrow, as did the rest of the group.
 
  Moe was the one that asked the Burnin’ question. “Uh, what’s interesting?”
 
  All-Might turned her gaze to Izuku, who flinched under the Mamono’s piercing gaze.
 
  “Young Midoriya, you and I need to have a chat in private.”
 
  He nodded and followed the ogre to a secluded part of the beach, but Eri grabbed his leg.
 
  “Don’t leave me, Papa…”
 
  “Eri, I will 
  
    never 
  
  leave you. I just have to have a chat with Miss All-Might and I’ll be right back. Okay?”
 
  Eri sniffled and nodded, holding Ochako’s hand as Izuku followed All-Might.
 
  She stopped and turned towards the boy, her eyebrow raised and her golden locks flowing in the ocean breeze.
 
  “Well, Young Midoriya, first I must thank you for saving my life.”
 
  “It’s n-no problem, honestly…”
 
  “You are humble. That is a fine quality for an aspiring hero.”
 
  Izuku did a double-take. “How did you know I wanted to be a hero?”
 
  All-Might shrugged. 
  “Who doesn’t these days? Anyway, It appears that the Monado has chosen you as it’s next wielder, but you’re going to need a bit of strength training first.”
 
  “Wait, what?”
 
  “How often are you planning to come to this beach?”
 
  “Uh, for the next ten months until the U.A. entrance exam-”
 
  “Perfect! I’ll meet you here every morning for the next ten months starting tomorrow! Have a good day, Young Midoriya!”
 
  With that, the ogre jumped away, leaving Izuku very confused.
 
  “What just happened?”

  
    Chapter Text
    
  Izuku tossed the last piece of scrap left on Dagobah into the nearby dumpster, collapsing next to it as Ochako did the same.
 
  It had been ten months since they had begun the cleaning of the beach, and while it had been a herculean effort, the two aspiring heroes had done it.
 
  They probably would’ve finished earlier if it were not for the hordes of Mamono that would show up looking for a “green-haired hunk.” That happened at least once a month, and it set back cleaning progress by at least a week.
 
  Luckily, Izuku and Ochako were very driven and refused to give up, so they continued working until the beach was clean, and now it sparkled.
 
  Dagobah had been restored to its former glory, now a picturesque landscape complete with families and couples.
 
  In the ten months that had passed, both Izuku and Ochako’s physique had been toned and sculpted, brandishing muscles that Rumi approved of. 
 
  And if the reaction to the shirtless selfies the greenette had sent back home to Katsumi, Mina, and Shoko were any indication, they approved too.
 
  Although Katsumi was pissed when she found out that Izuku wouldn’t be coming home for a long time barring the holidays. When he did come home for New Years, she stuck to his side like glue. The farm boy was glad he had showered beforehand. He was sure that Katsumi would smell Ochako on him and get the wrong idea.
 
  Eri had been a hit at the farm, with Inko, Rei, and Mitsuki fawning over her and spoiling her every chance they got, much to Izuku’s annoyance. Mitsuki actually watched her language when the young Xeno’jiva was around, and so did Katsumi. So, he was at least glad for that.
 
  But back to our lovely pair sitting and panting next to a dumpster. 
 
  Izuku finally caught his breath and stood, offering his hand to Ochako. She took it and stood as well, both of them offering smiles to each other.
 
  Ochako stood an inch taller than Izuku, but the greenette honestly didn’t care. He pulled his girlfriend close for a kiss, and their lips closed the gap.
 
  “Well done, you two! You have managed to clean this entire beach in ten months!”
 
  The two lovers sputtered and separated to face All-Might, who stood there with a guilty expression on her face.
 
  “Am I interrupting something?”
 
  “Kinda already did.”
 
  “Oh. My apologies.”
 
  They stood there for a good minute and a half, just looking at each other.
 
  “Well, this is certainly awkward.”
 
  “Ye don’t sae.”
 
  “Regardless, Young Midoriya, may I speak to you in private?”
 
  “I’ve told you seven times already, Moe! I am 
  
    not
  
   giving you Izuku’s number!”
 
  “One first name terms, are we?”
 
  “I’ve known him for most of my life, Moe!”
 
  “Then why haven’t you made a move on him yet?”
 
  Rumi sputtered and faced Moe, her red eyes angry and embarrassed.
 
  “Right, right, conversation for later, yada yada. But if I were you, I’d do it before he slipped out of my hands again. Waiting will only get you so far, Rumi.”
 
  She huffed and thumped her foot, not realizing the other three pairs of eyes trained on her.
 
  “Uh, All-Might, why don’t we go ahead and have that talk.”
 
  “Good idea, Young Midoriya. Right this way.”
 
  The ogre led Izuku away from the others leaving the two rabbits and sheep together. Moe nudged Rumi, who glared at her.
 
  “Well? It's now or never, Rumi!”
 
  “Moe, I 
  
    swear to God-”
  
 
  “Is there somthin’ ye want tae ask me, Rumi?”
 
  The Lopunny froze and slowly turned around. Ochako was gazing at her with an eyebrow raised, and she struggled with herself. Protect her dignity and say no, or spill the beans and have a weight lifted from her? Honestly, it was a bit of a tough choice.
 
  “Well, you see, um…”
 
  She couldn’t meet Ochako’s eyes.
 
  “Weel?”
 
  Rumi’s words failed her.
 
  “Oh for fuck’s sake. She has a crush on-”
 
  “I have a crush on Izuku and I have for several years, I never acted on it until now because I was afraid of getting rejected. I’m telling you this now because I wanted to ask if you’d be willing to, um… share him with me.”
 
  Ochako was silent for several minutes, her eyes narrowed at the larger woman. Rumi’s ears drooped and she sighed.
 
  “Aboot time ye confessed. Ye knoow, I’ve bin waitin’ a bit too long noow watchin’ you dance around Izuku.”
 
  The cocoa bunny’s eyebrows raised curiously.
 
  “Yeah, I nooticed. Noow, ‘ere’s the thing. Ye have mae vote, and approval, and honestlae, when Eri said ye waas pretty, she warn’t the only one who thought ‘at.”
 
  “...what?”
 
  “Ye have an amazin’ bod, Rumi. Honesltae, those fookin’ thighs of yers, I wooldn’t mind if ye popped mae head like a watermelon with ‘em.”
 
  “Excuse me?”
 
  Moe facepalmed and sighed. 
 
  “I am fucking done with you people. You all are fucking denser than a neutron star and it’s funny at first, but would you just fucking 
  
    fuck
  
   already?! You’re killing me and the audience!”
 
  “What?”
 
  “I quit. You all are fucking hopeless.”
 
  Moe walked off, kicking up a pebble and setting it aflame. She bounced on her feet as she moved forward, then kicked it back at Rumi. The Lopunny responded by leaping into the air and bicycle kicking the flaming ball over the beach and into the water, where it was extinguished.
 
  “Rumi, Uraraka just complimented you. She may not be willing to date you just yet, but seriously! You need to spend more time around people!”
 
  The cocoa bunny huffed, much to Ochako’s amusement, and thumped her foot impatiently.

  
  

  “All Might, is this about the Monado?”
 
  “Yes, Young Midoriya. Sit down, I’d like to tell you a story.”

  Izuku sat down and waited as All-Might gathered herself.
 
  “A long time ago, there were two siblings, a brother, and his older sister. The younger brother was quirkless, while the older sister was a Lich of incredible power, with a quirk that allowed her to take the quirks of others and give them away. One day, out of pity for her brother, she decided to give him a quirk that stockpiles strength. It didn’t affect him that much, but what the sister didn’t know was that her brother had a quirk that allowed him to transfer his quirk to other people. The two quirks merged, becoming stronger together and reacting to his will, becoming the Monado.”
 
  “What?”
 
  “Hang on, I’m not finished yet. Please save your questions until the end.”
 
  “Oh, sorry.”
 
  “Anyway, one day, the brother discovered that his sister was using her power to aid all that was evil in the world, and he sought to fight against her. But alas, the Monado he wielded was not powerful enough to stop her. So he sought a successor to carry out his will for him, and passed the Monado on to her. And when the second wielder found her Monado too weak to stop the sister, she passed the Monado to her successor, and so on and so forth for generations. The Monado eventually arrived in my hands, passed to me by my master. She was the seventh wielder, making me the eighth. Finally, the Monado had enough power to stand against the sister. We fought, and I emerged the victor.”
 
  “You defeated the sister?”
 
  All-Might nodded gravely.
 
  “Yes, but it was not without a price.”
 
  The number one burst into a cloud of steam, which dissipated and revealed a bony ogre, smaller than All-Might.
 
  “Wait, what?”
 
  The bony ogre coughed up blood and wiped her mouth.
 
  “I am Toshiko Yagi, also known as the Number One Hero, All-Might. I fought the sister of the First Wielder of the Monado and won, but it took half my respiratory system and most of my internal organs. I am unsure how I manage to survive day to day, but it is my duty to the people.”
 
  Toshiko fixed her piercing gaze on Izuku.
 
  “And now, I have chosen you as my successor.”
 
  Izuku blinked twice, then raised an eyebrow.
 
  “Why me?”
 
  “Two reasons. One, I saw how you saved that young dragon girl from the Slime villain. Thankfully Miruko stepped in before anything could happen. Two, you ran in to help me fight the Mechon. Both times, you had no guarantee that you were going to make it out of that situation alive, and yet you still committed yourself to helping. Tell me, were you thinking when you charged to help?”
 
  Izuku paused.
 
  “No, actually. My body just kinda moved before I even knew what I was doing.”
 
  “Exactly. It’s that heroic spirit that I’m looking for.”
 
  Toshiko stood, taking the club Monado in her hand and presenting it to Izuku.
 
  “Young Midoriya, are you willing to take on the role of becoming the next Symbol of Peace?”
 
  The greenette stood and grasped the Monado’s hilt, nodding.
 
  “I am. Quick question, though. If I take this, then how are you going to keep being All-Might, Yagi-sensei?”
 
  Toshiko chuckled. “I managed to have a trusted ally build me a Monado Replica.”
 
  She pulled out a club that was almost identical to the Monado, glowing kanji and all. 
 
  “I see.”
 
  “I’m not quite sure how the Monado will work with you as its wielder, Young Midoriya. But I have found that the Monado is more cooperative when you ask for its help instead of demanding it. It’s strange. Regardless, good luck with the exam tomorrow.”
 
  “Thank you.”
 
  Toshiko buffed up into All-Might bid farewell, leaping into the sky. Izuku rejoined the rest of the group and wondered why Rumi was blushing furiously whenever she looked at Ochako or himself but decided it was nothing to worry about.

  
  

  The next morning was a rush. Inko came to watch Eri. Izuku, the Monado and Ochako piled into Rumi’s car and drove to U.A. University. The building was massive and sparkled in the sunlight, making the five stare at it in wonder.
 
  “Jesus, ‘at’s fookin’ beeg…”
 
  “Oi, Izuku.”
 
  Rumi stuck her head out of her car window and motioned over to him. “C’mere.”
 
  He did so, and the rabbit placed a quick peck on his cheek, making them both turn scarlet. 
 
  “Good luck.”
 
  “T-Thanks.”
 
  Rumi drove off, leaving Izuku, very, very confused.
 
  “Did Rumi just kiss me?”
 
  “Yup.” Ochako replied, a smug smile on her face.
 
  “Does-, does she like me?”
 
  “Yup. Has for a long time. Ye jist havenae noticed.”
 
  “Oh.”
 
  They made their way to the main entrance, and Izuku’s anxiety was getting the better of him.
 
  What if they don’t have the Monado registered as a support item? What if they don’t let me in because I’m a man and no man has been a hero ever in a million years? What if I suddenly trip and fall-
 
  He tripped over a loose stone in the pavement and toppled forward.
 
  I really shouldn’t have jinxed myself.
 
  He prepared to kiss the pavement, but then impact never came. He opened his eyes and saw the ground a few inches below.
 
  Apparently, he was floating.
 
  “Deku, are ye alrite?”
 
  “Y-Yeah…”
 
  Ochako righted him and made sure he was alright.
 
  “Sorry aboot not askin’ if I could use mae quirk. Ye were jist fallin’ and I wanted to save ye. It’s bad luck tae fall on the day of yer exam, dontcha think?”
 
  Izuku nodded, realizing in all the time he and Ochako had spent together, he had never seen her use her quirk. How was that possible? Well, sure there was a law preventing public quirk use, but he should’ve at least seen her training with it.
 
  The fixed his eyes on her backpack, noticing something odd in there. He’d probably find out about it later. Now, he just had to get to the written portent of the exam.

  
  

  “Time is up. Place your pencil to the side and close your test booklet. I will come around to collect your tests.”
 
  Izuku followed the instructions and was escorted outside of the testing room. He made his way to the provided cafeteria for his half-hour break before the practical exam, acquired his lunch, and looked for anyone he knew.
 
  There honestly wasn’t a lot of familiar faces. Just the occasional glance at him and those that lingered a bit too long and watched him as he based.
 
  This was bad. He could practically feel the eyes in the room watching him, glued to his position as he made his way through the cafeteria.
 
  “Hey! Midori!”
 
  A familiar voice called his name and Izuku looked over to see Mina waving to him from across the room. He relaxed visibly and walked over to her table.
 
  Mina enveloped him in a hug, and Izuku did the same.
 
  “Good to see you, Mina.”
 
  “You too, Midori! God, it’s been ages since I saw you!”
 
  “Mina, you saw me at New Year’s.”
 
  “Yeah, but that was three months ago!”
 
  “Fair enough. I’m starving. Lemme eat, them we can catch up.”
 
  He sat down looked across the table. A mershark, who looked to have legs, which wasn’t that uncommon given the fact of magic that granted legs to merfolk when they exited the sea.
 
  On closer inspection, she appeared to be a tiger mershark, which matched the theme of her bright red spikey hair, which matched her red eyes.
 
  She was gazing curiously at him from across the table. Izuku figured it would be nice to introduce himself, so he did so.
 
  “Hi. I’m Izuku Midoriya. I’m a friend of Mina’s.”
 
  The mersharks nodded.
 
  “Eiko Kirishima. Pleasure to meet you!”
 
  She smiled, and Izuku squinted against the bright light.
 
  “So, Kirishima, how do you know Mina?”
 
  Eiko looked over to Mina, who nodded.
 
  “We went to highschool together. I was going through some pretty rough times, but Mina helped me out. She’s a ball of sunshine, you know.”
 
  “Right?! Mina is just the most positive person I know!”
 
  “Oh, stop it you too, you’re making me blush…”
 
  The slime’s cheeks turned lilac as Eiko and Izuku swapped stories about her, and before they knew it, it was time for the practical. Izuku followed the two to the auditorium, where they discovered that the applicants would be split by school. The greenette said his goodbyes to the duo and made his to his seat.
 
  Right next to Katsumi Bakugo.
 
  “Deku?”
 
  “Hi, Kacchan.”
 
  “Well shit. You’re actually applying to be a hero.”
 
  “Surprised?”
 
  “A little, but hey, you’re here now, so let’s kick some ass, Deku.”
 
  “You said it, Kacchan.”
 
  Katsumi paused, then sniffed the air. She turned to Izuku with a questioning look.
 
  “Why the fuck do you smell like pink lemonade?”
 
  “I ran into Mina during the lunch break.”
 
  “Ah. Makes sense.”
 
  A Banshee with a ridiculous crescent moon pompadour walked on stage, causing Izuku to gasp in excitement. 
 
  “Oh my God, it’s Present Mic! I wonder if I can get an auto-”
 
  “Deku, shut up.”
 
  Present Mic waved to the crowd. “Hello everybody! Welcome to the practical portion of the U.A. entrance exam! Everybody say hey!”
 
  Silence greeted the hero. 
 
  “Tough crowd. Applicants, are you ready?!” 
 
  Someone coughed in the back.
 
  “Fine, fine. Geez, what’s up with kids these days? I know everyone is a bit on edge, but come on!” Present Mic cleared her throat before referring to her notes. 
 
  “Alright, so, the practical exam will have you split into different testing areas. If you came from the same school as another examinee, you will not be placed in the same testing area as your schoolmate. Now, the exam will have you placed in a faux cityscape with faux villains. There are three different kinds of villains, each worth a different point value. They are described in the pamphlets you were given before orientation. Your goal is t-”
 
  “Excuse me!”
 
  A Valkyrie with blue hair stood up, chopping at the air and pointing at the pamphlet. “The pamphlet describes four different kinds of faux villains! If this is an error, it is most unbecoming of U.A., the most prominent hero university in Japan! And you, the boy with the curly green hair!” The boy pointed an accusatory finger at Izuku, her brow furrowed. 
 
  “You have been muttering this entire time! If you think that this is some kind of game, you should leave immediately!” 
 
  Izuku was stunned. He didn’t expect a Valkyrie to be so… harsh, but then again, he had forgotten how loud his muttering could get at times.
 
  “My apologies. I did not realize that I was muttering. But I think you might’ve interrupted Present Mic when she was about to explain the fourth faux villain...”
 
  The bluenette turned red in the face. She turned back to Present Mic and bowed several times, offering infinite apologies.
 
  “Okay, okay, you’re good! Please, both of you take your seats.

  Izuku and the Valkyrie sat down, both extremely embarrassed.
 
  “Now as I was saying before I was interrupted, your goal is to get as many points as you can before time runs out. The more points you get, the higher your chance of being accepted into U.A. is. As for the fourth kind of villain, they are worth zero points and are not meant to be fought. Your testing areas are listed on your registration ticket. Now get out there and do what heroes do! Go beyond,” Present Mic cupped her ear to hear the response she was sure she would get.
 
  The Banshee was not disappointed. The crowd roared with a battle cry of “PLUS ULTRA!!!”, putting a smile on her face.
 
  “Oh, this year is gonna be great…”

  
  

  The gates of Testing Ground G were massive and honestly intimidating, but Izuku chose not to let that scare him. He gripped the Monado tightly, trying to swallow his anxiety.
 
  When your mother is two feet taller than you, tall things tend to scare you less. 
 
  Unless you made said tall thing angry.
 
  Regardless, Izuku scanned the starting area and was not surprised with the lack of talking. Tensions were high, so why bother with small talk?
 
  He figured he wouldn’t bother either, until he saw Ochako doing stretches over to the side. Izuku walked over to her, and was stopped by the Valkyrie from earlier.
 
  “Excuse me. I wanted to apologize for my rude behavior earlier.”
 
  “It’s no problem.”
 
  “My family always taught me to be polite, and I am afraid that I failed them.”
 
  “Well, you were just doing what you thought was right.”
 
  “But alas, I was just a hindrance to you.”
 
  Just like she was being right now. Izuku was growing short with her, but he honestly didn’t know how to politely tell her to move.
 
  “It’s fine, you really didn’t hurt my feelings.”
 
  “I am so sorry for my transgressions.”
 
  Lady, the fuck is your problem? Izuku’s just trying to get to his girlfriend!
 
  “START!”
 
  The gates opened, and Izuku ran past the Valkyrie into the faux city, ready to take ass and kick names.

  
  

  Actually, he was kicking ass and taking names.
 
  The Monado cut through the exam robots like they were nothing, reducing them to scrap in a matter of seconds. 
 
  In the span of about a minute, he had already destroyed thirty points worth of robots and was currently targeting another batch of robots that were locked onto him.
 
  This seemed too easy. Almost like they were favoring offense heroes more than any other kind of hero. That didn’t make sense.
 
  Being a hero wasn’t just about how many villains you could defeat. It was also about saving people.
 
  So with that in mind, Izuku set his sights on applicants that suddenly found themselves surrounded by robots and no way to fight back against them. He received thanks from the Mamono and probably would’ve gotten some phone numbers as well, but he was too busy focusing on the exam for that.
 
  He had to prove to U.A. that he was worthy of being a hero.

  
  

  In the observation room of U.A., a group of teachers took notes on applicants and their potential. Their leader, a small mouse-bear-dog thing by the name of Nozomi, popped out of the scarf of a Medusa and began taking her own notes.
 
  The Medusa continued taking notes like this was an everyday occurrence. Nozomi turned to the screen that showed Katsumi blowing up every robot in sight, laughing maniacally as she did so.
 
  “Tell me, Aizawa. What do you think of this one?”
 
  The Medusa’s hair and eyes focused on the screen and she shrugged. “Katsumi Bakugo appears to have much potential. She already has a good handle on her quirk and good combat skills from what we’ve seen, but she could lose the attitude she has.”
 
  Nozomi nodded. “What about this one?” She pointed at a screen that showed an Automaton grasping a small chuck of rubble and tossing it at a group of robots. The rubble grew several times its own size and crushed the three-pointers.
 
  “Yui Kodai. Not much of a talker, which will hurt her PR in the long run, but shows a decent grasp on the applications of her quirk. Providing that she gets enough support, she’ll be an amazing hero.”
 
  “Excellent. Now, what can you tell me about him?”
 
  She pointed at the screen that showed Izuku, who shoved another of his fellow applicants out of an attack he couldn’t have seen coming from his angle.
 
  Aizawa narrowed her tired eyes. She could tell this one would be trouble, and not just because he was a man.
 
  “Izuku Midoriya. No quirk, which is a given due to his gender. However, he appears to be using that sword to compensate for his lack of a quirk, and while it shows that he isn’t trained in swordplay, he has managed to save at least three different people from exam robots.”
 
  Nozomi’s eyes sparkled with malevolent glee. “I think it’s time we weeded the pretenders from the real heroes. Release the Zero-pointers!”
 
  An assistant in the back nodded and pressed a button.

  
  

  As Izuku cut down another one-pointer, he felt the ground rumble and a shadow passed over him. He turned and saw a titanium titan of a robot looking down at the ants scurrying away in fear, and his legs froze.
 
  The other applicants screamed and ran, fleeing from the Zero-Pointer as it bared down the street. 
 
  Well, it was going slowly, but it was still very scary. Trust me.
 
  Izuku scrambled to his feet and turned to run, but a vision flashed before his eyes.
 
  Ochako, standing beneath a building directing other people towards the exit. She didn’t see the rubble falling towards her and moved too late to assure her own safety. She was caught under the rubble, and her ankle was sprained.
 
  The vision vanished, and Izuku looked over and saw Ochako right where the vision said she would be.
 
  “Ochako! Move!”
 
  “Wot?”
 
  “Move!”
 
  The rubble fell, and Izuku charged forward, pushing Ochako out of the way of the rubble as it crashed on his right leg.
 
  The bone snapped and he screamed in pain.
 
  “Oh, shite. Hold on, Deku, I’ll getcha oot of there!” Ochako laid her hands on the rubble and made it weightless, casually tossing the rubble over her shoulder.
 
  She helped Izuku to his one working foot, and together they turned to make their escape.
 
  “Remind me to get you mochi next time we’re out.”
 
  “Oh, I will. You bettah believe it.”
 
  The rubble spiraled through the air, approaching the Zero-Pointer at high-velocity. Concrete collided with metal, the latter tearing like paper. The Zero-Pointer’s chest area exploded, sending a shockwave through the area and knocking Izuku and Ochako off their feet.
 
  The Wooloo instinctively floofed up and pulled Izuku to her chest, landing on the springy wool surrounding her back. A piece of flaming metal crashed nearby, an ember drifting over and setting the wool on Ochako’s right arm alight. She quickly batted it out and supported Izuku as he limped with his broken leg, hobbling towards the exit.
 
  “I think I should buy dinner the next date we have.”
 
  “But you paid fer dinna’ the last time we when oot!”
 
  “Hey, it’s the least I can do to thank you for saving my life. Besides, aren’t you in need of a shearing soon?”
 
  “Oh yeah… fine. Ye got me there. Let’s getcha to the fookin’ nurse, I don’t watcha to be permantlae injured.”
 
  An elderly Angel at the gates of the testing area was kissing applicants to make their wounds go away and Ochako presented her boyfriend to the nurse.
 
  “Oh my. What happened to his leg?”
 
  “Piece o’ rubble snapped it. He pushed me oot of the wae of danger.”
 
  “Well, that’s very sweet of him. I’m Recovery Girl, and my quirk will fix him right up.”
 
  She gave Izuku a kiss on the back of his hand, and his leg healed up, bones knitting themselves back together quickly.
 
  “Here, have some gummies. They’ll replace the nutrients your body just used.”
 
  “Thanks, Recovery Girl.”
 
  She nodded and moved on to her next patient. Izuku and Ochako walked outside, hand in hand. The result would be mailed to Rumi’s agency in two weeks, which left them very nervous.
 
  But at least they had each other to lean on.

  
    Chapter Text
    
  When Rumi picked up her two roommates later, she noticed that they were being a bit more lovey-dovey than they usually were. Normally she wouldn’t have minded, but she was jealous after semi-confessing to Izuku.
 
  The Lopunny drove them back to her agency in a huff, and finally noticed that some of the wool on Ochako’s right arm was burnt. That called for a shearing, which the Wooloo was due for anyway.
 
  So she decided to give the duo their well-earned privacy. She unlocked the door and let the couple in, resigning herself to a lonely afternoon on the couch while the others celebrated the exam. She sighed and was at least glad that Eri wasn’t there to witness anything her young eyes shouldn’t have and went to the kitchen to get herself something to eat. 
 
  She stopped when she saw a small box sitting with a letter next to it. Curious, Rumi picked up the letter, found her name on it, and opened it.
 
  
    Dear Rumi,
  
 
  
    I wanted to thank you for all the training and wisdom you’ve passed on to Ochako and I these past ten months, but I wasn’t really sure how to do it. So I found a trader who was selling Mega Stones and I brought a Lopunnite for you. I remember how you would always marvel at pictures or drawings of Mega Lopunnys from a hundred years ago, so I figured you’d appreciate it.
  
 
  
    Yours Truly,
  

  
    Izuku.
  
 
  Rumi felt her heart flutter. Damn. She must have been more in love with Izuku then she had thought. The Lopunny reached over to the box and opened it, revealing the Lopunnite in all its glory. It gleamed in the light of the kitchen, and Rumi reached out, touching the stone with one hand.
 
  It sparked at her touch, and she could feel the power the stone contained radiating through her body, waiting for a catalyst in order to be unleashed. 
 
  She smiled and took the choker, fastening it around her neck. The Lopunny looked at herself in the bathroom mirror, her smile wide and cheeks burning red with happiness.
 
  Where was Izuku right now? In the spare room that Rumi had remodeled for guests? Probably. 
 
  She gathered herself and marched over there, very intent on thanking him.
 
  Rumi was glad she had remembered the contraceptive spell lesson in sex ed…
 
  
    Smut time! Shoo, Small-Mights! To the next line!
  
 
  Ochako pulled off her shirt, pants, socks, and shoes, leaving her in her bra and panties as Izuku sorted through his shearing kit and pulled out an industrial razor.
 
  “How much do you want cut off?”
 
  “All of it.”
 
  Izuku raised an eyebrow. He knew the effects of cutting off all of a weresheep’s wool, and that usually involved said weresheep getting very, very horny.
 
  They had talked about this moment, and Ochako knew that he wouldn’t do it unless they both consented. Both knew that if he did shear off all of her wool, herthe natural lust-sealing properties of the floof would be rendered useless, and it would leave Ochako very hot and bothered.
 
  Luckily, evolution had given men the stamina to keep up with their lusty wives and satisfy all of them, even in the biggest of polyamorous arrangements.
 
  And if Izuku was being honest, the thought of showing his love for Ochako intimately was turning him on.
 
  “Alright. Sit on the stool, please.”
 
  Ochako did so and held out her arm for Izuku to shear. Weresheep wool gathered on the lower legs and upper arms and was highly demanded in the textile market, especially that of high quality.
 
  The greenette switched on the razor and got to work, shearing off large patches of wool on her right arm. Most of the wool had been lost to the flames of the exam earlier in the day, but there was enough to make a decent profit.
 
  The brunette shuddered, feeling a familiar heat building up in her nether region.
 
  “Your wool has been growing back faster.”
 
  “That’s coz yer takin’...” she stifled a moan as he moved on to her left arm, the heat growing in her core. “Such gud care of me. Yer fookin’ husband material, ya knoow.”
 
  “Really?” Izuku stopped at a particularly fluffy patch of wool and proceeded carefully, shaving it off before moving on to the brunette’s left leg.
 
  “I suppose that the rumor is true. The more a weresheep is shown love and affection, the faster and better quality the wool grows back.”
 
  “Oh, ‘at completelae true. Rememba ‘en we first met? Hoow mae wool was soft, but still stiff an’ not springae?”
 
  “Yeah. Now it’s completely fluffy and springy to the touch.”
 
  “Exactla
  
    aeeee!”
  
 
  Ochako bleated in pleasure, the heat in her core almost unbearable as Izuku moved to her right leg.
 
  “Wait!”
 
  Izuku stopped instantly, his eyes flashing up to Ochako’s own. She panted, extremely horny and on the edge. She thought about just throwing Izuku on the bed and having her way with him.
 
  “Han’ on, lemme do this real fast…”
 
  She extended her finger over her midsection and whispered an incantation, tracing a symbol onto the skin above her womb. A contraceptive seal appeared there and burst into purple light, ensuring that as long as the seal remained, there was no chance that Ochako would get pregnant. She exhaled, her breath steamy and face red.
 
  “Ye can keep goin’ noow.”
 
  Izuku took Ochako’s right leg into his hand, the fact that he was turning his girlfriend on that much turning him on as well. His erection pressed against his pants, creating a bulge that was not unnoticed by Ochako.
 
  He carefully guided the razor over his girlfriend’s toned shin, getting light moans of confirmation that he was in fact still making her horny.
 
  The last bit of Ochako’s wool came off, and with it, all of her contained desire to make love with him burst out from its dam, rushing forward in a river of lust and arousal.
 
  In layman’s terms, she came, throwing back her head back in a scream of pleasure that Rumi would’ve most certainly heard had Izuku not slammed his lips over hers after carefully placing the razor to the side.
 
  They passionately kissed, tongues intertwining as Ochako guided Izuku over to the bed, breaking apart their lips. She pushed him gently onto the bed and gazed on his body, licking her lips ever so slightly.
 
  “Normallae, I wooldnae be opposed tae givin’ ye oral, but take a whiff.”
 
  She tossed her sopping panties at Izuku’s face, and he took a breath as they landed on his nose. They smelled deeply of her arousal, and just how eager she was for him.
 
  “Ye did ‘at tae me, Deku.”
 
  She made short work of his tracksuit and undershirt, leaving the greenette in only his boxers. She ran her hands over his muscular body before resting her hands on his bulge, rubbing it through the cloth.
 
  “I hope you’re readae tae take responsibilitae.”
 
  “Always, Ochako.”
 
  “I liek that attitude. Let’s see wot ya got down ‘ere, shall we?”
 
  She hooked her fingers around his waistband and pulled down the boxers, discarding them over her shoulder.
 
  And her eyes went wide. Ochako looked down at his member, and compared her forearm to it, amazed.
 
  “How tae fook hav’ ye bin hidin’ this monstah in yer pants for this long?!”
 
  “Uh…, I’m not sure, honestly.”
 
  There was a part of Ochako’s mind that was sensible and told her that there was no way that she could possibly take all of that.
 
  Then the part of her mind that was horny beyond belief, pointed out that there was all the lube she would ever need due to the shearing she had received.
 
  “Fook it.”
 
  “What?”
 
  Ochako straddled Izuku’s hips and lined up her moist entrance with his member and lowered her hips, slowly.
 
  The tip parted her opening and glided in with little resistance due to the amount of natural lubrication she had. Izuku’s member moved it, going deeper until it stopped.
 
  Ochako steeled herself, ready to drive herself down. 
 
  “Ochako, wait.”
 
  She looked over to Izuku, who was holding out his hands. 
 
  “Give me your hands.”
 
  She did so, and he interlocked his fingers with her own.
 
  He looked into his girlfriend’s eyes and nodded.
 
  “I’m here to support you, okay?”
 
  Ochako nodded, and drove her hips down, rupturing her hymen. She whimpered as her boyfriend held her up, supporting her in his grasp.
 
  The pain passed after a few moments and Izuku gave Ochako a supportive look.
 
  “I’m going to start moving now.”
 
  “Okae…”
 
  He thrust upward, sending a bolt of pleasure through her being, and she almost climaxed then and there. She moaned in pleasure as Izuku continued his thrusts, the action pleasurable for them both.
 
  Ochako had never known that she could be this full. Izuku filled her completely, granting both of them pleasure as he thrust into her.
 
  The head of his member kissed her cervix every time he thrust up, causing her breath to hitch every time he thrust.
 
  Eventually, Ochako’s strength gave and she collapsed on top of Izuku, wrapping her arms around him as he continued to thrust into her.
 
  It occurred to her that she had never actually taken her bra off. Reluctantly, she let go of Izuku and undid her bra, letting her ample breasts out for Izuku to see. He looked up at Ochako for permission to touch them and she all but shoved them into his face.
 
  The greenette kneaded one breast while he suckled on the other, bringing both her and himself closer to their rapidly approaching climax. He disengaged from Ochako’s nipple long enough to look up at her. 
 
  “Ochako, I’m getting close…”
 
  “Me t-too! Give all to me!”
 
  That was all that he needed to hear. He thrust deep into Ochako one last time and exploded within her, painting her inner walls white. Ochako screaming in pleasure and climaxed all over Izuku’s hips, holding him close as the door flew open.
 
  “Hey Izuku, I saw your letter and I wanted to thank you- oh my god.”
 
  Rumi stared in disbelief at the duo, seeing their naked bodies glistening with sweat. She felt her own heat grow within her, and she scowled.
 
  “Fuck it.”
 
  She walked into the room, the sound of the door closing finally alerting the two to her presence. 
 
  Ochako and Izuku looked over at Rumi petrified, their blushes only growing when they saw the cocoa being stripping.
 
  “Hey, you all tuckered out, or do have another round in you? You got me all riled up just looking at you two post-sex cuddling.”
 
  She pulled her shirt over her head and threw it to the side, along with her pants. Her panties were discarded, and lastly, she bared her breasts to the world.
 
  They were a bit smaller than Ochako’s, but still perky and with nipples that looked like they could cut diamonds. With the last of her clothing discarded, she stood before the couple naked as the day she had been born.
 
  “Well?”
 
  “Uh, yeah, I think a got another round in me. Ochako?”
 
  “Jeesus. If someone told me I’d be fookin’ the love of mae life and then my hot roommate afterward, I’d call them a liar and bash ‘eir bloody head in. But this? I ne’er coold’ve seen this comin’.”
 
  She stood with wobbly legs and rolled over to the other side of the bed, letting Izuku rapidly hardening member out with an audible pop.
 
  Rumi stared at it with wide eyes.
 
  “Jesus fucking Christ, Ochako. You took all of that?”
 
  “Yup.”
 
  The Lopunny gulped but pulled Izuku off the bed. Quickly, she performed the same contraceptive spell on her womb that Ochako had before. Then she bent over the edge of the bed and presented her toned ass to him, waving it in what she hoped was a seductive manner. 
 
  “Fuck me like an animal, Izuku.”
 
  He obeyed and lined up, and pushed in slowly. Rumi got impatient and looked over her shoulder. 
 
  “They fuck are you waiting for? I didn’t ask you to make love to me slowly and gently, did I?”
 
  Izuku flushed, embarrassed.
 
  “N-No, but I-”
 
  “Izuku, I swear to fucking god. Normally, your caring attitude is great and all but right now I want you to shove your dick into my pussy and fuck me like a horny rabbit!”
 
  That motivated Izuku and he roughly forced his member deep into Rumi’s vagina, sending waves of pleasure through her.
 
  “Now that’s more like it!”
 
  The greenette started thrusting slowly, trying to be as gentle as he could while still generating pleasure.
 
  “Did I fucking ask you to thrust slower than a goddamn snail on a fucking lazy Sunday, Izuku?!”
 
  He corrected his mistake and began plowing into her, being as rough as he possibly could without majorly hurting her. His hips crashed into hers, every thrust causing his balls to slap against her clit and the head of his member ramming against her cervix. The slap of flesh on flesh filled the air, and Ochako fingered herself furiously to the sight of her boyfriend fucking another woman like he was an alpha male.
 
  Rumi had long since lost all of her composure, wantonly moaning like a bitch in heat as Izuku bred her. She loved every second of Izuku’s rough treatment, and then the greenette got an idea.
 
  He smacked Rumi’s ass hard enough to leave a handprint on it and she screamed in pleasure, her inner walls squeezing around Izuku as he pistoned in and out of her.
 
  He knew he wasn’t going to last much longer, so he smacked Rumi’s ass several times, each slap earning a moan from her before he buried himself balls deep into her and unloaded into her.
 
  Rumi threw her head back and screamed much louder than Ochako had, her eyes rolling up the back of her head and tongue sticking out as she climaxed, her inner walls milking Izuku for every drop of cum he could muster.
 
  He pumped shot after shot into her, and by the time he was finished, Rumi collapsed onto the bed in a daze, completely out of it. Izuku’s cum dripped out of her in pearly white blobs, and the greenette made a note to wash the streets once they were done.
 
  Ochako panted nearby, her fingering had coaxed another orgasm out of herself.
 
  Izuku was spent and his legs felt like jelly, but somehow he managed to pull himself, Ochako, and Rumi under the covers, completely spent from the sexual activities. The three of them fell asleep together, enjoying each other’s warmth under the blankets.
 
  
    Smut is clear. Small-Mights, you are clear to start reading again!
  
 
  Two weeks later, Eri came back in with the mail for the day, presenting it to Izuku with a smile on her face.
 
  “Here’s the mail, Papa!”
 
  “Thank you, Eri.” Izuku took the mail from her and sorted through it, discarding the usual bills for Rumi to pay, the odd advertisement, and finally the letter from U.A. that was addressed to both him and Ochako.
 
  Wait, what?
 
  The emerald boy nearly spewed his morning tea all over the table and hurried to the living room where Rumi and Ochako were currently cuddling and watching TV on the couch.
 
  “It came.”
 
  “Wot came?”
 
  “You, several times last night if I remember correctly.”
 
  Ochako whipped around to face her new girlfriend with a pout on her face. “It’s not mae fault you’re so good wit yer tongue!”
 
  “Girls, please not in front of Eri.”
 
  Rumi rolled her eyes, pulling her younger boyfriend by four years down to the couch.
 
  “Fine, fine. So what is it that you’ve got there?”
 
  “It’s a letter from U.A.”
 
  Ochako and Rumi looked at each other in surprise. “Weel donnae jist stand there! Open it!”
 
  Izuku sat down on the couch with Eri hopping in his lap and tore open the letter, revealing a small disk that clattered to the table. It blinked to life, projecting a Medusa with black-scaled snakes for hair. She looked like she hadn’t slept for days, and wore a scarf along with a black jacket.
 
  The Medusa blinked twice before speaking. 
 
  “Greetings. I am Shiko Aizawa, a teacher at U.A. University. Izuku Midoriya and Ochako Uraraka, you have both passed the U.A. practical entrance exam and have earned a place in the hero course. Please respond to this letter as soon as possible so we can confirm your spots. Welcome to U.A., your Hero Academia.”
 
  The projection switched off, leaving the four people on the couch in shock.
 
  “That’s it?”

  
  

  “Yep, that’s it. Thank for helping us move in, Rumi.”
 
  “No problem, Izuku. Just, stay out of trouble, okay?”
 
  Izuku nodded. “I will.”
 
  “I know you’ll try to, at least.” Rumi hugged Izuku and Ochako close and kissed them both, then ruffled Eri’s hair.
 
  “I still can’t believe they actually let Eri stay with you, Izuku.”
 
  “Well, I pointed out how she can’t stay away from me for more than a week without suffering from separation anxiety, and Principal Nozomi was kind enough to let her stay.”
 
  “It’s a miracle, I’m tellin’ ye.”
 
  Rumi laughed, then kissed her boyfriend and girlfriend again. “I’ll visit when I can. Love you both.”
 
  “We love you too, Rumi.”
 
  Ochako, Izuku, and Eri watched as Rumi jumped away, saddened by her departure but understanding that she did have a job as one of the top ten heroes.
 
  Eri’s stomach growled.
 
  “Papa, I’m hungry.”
 
  Izuku looked at her and smiled. 
 
  “Come on. They probably have some ingredients for lunch.”
 
  The trio headed to the kitchen, where they did find some pork, strangely. Further investigation revealed that there were all the necessary ingredients for Katsudon, but for more than thirty people.
 
  “Jist how bloody big is our class? I’ve ne’er seen so much pork in mae life!”
 
  “I don’t know, but I think it’s a good thing. Anyway, let’s get cooking shall we?”
 
  They started chopping ingredients and cooking, finishing the first batch of katsudon, using Inko’s recipe, right when people started moving in.
 
  “I swear to fucking God if you don’t stop singing that damn song I’m going to put you in a glass box and watch you shrivel up in the sun, Raccoon Eyes!”
 
  “Well excuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuse me, princess. I just think it’s a good song.”
 
  Shoko elbowed her way through Mina and Katsumi, making her way to the stairs. 
 
  “You two talk too much.”
 
  They came back downstairs a few minutes later with their bags unpacked, Mina trolling Katsumi with a massive smile on her face while Shoko sighed in defeat. The trio passed a group of newcomers as they came in. First was a Blue Oni, standing tall above her classmates. She introduced herself as Saiko Intelli, and moved her stuff up the stairs without much trouble.
 
  A Mucus Toad named Tsuyu Asui introduced herself bluntly and moved to the common area. She was followed by Kanna Koda, a silent sea turtle-like Umi Osho. Another quiet classmate moved in as well, this one a Kraken by the name of Mai Shoji.
 
  Eiko showed up and immediately hit it up with the other mershark named Tetsutetsu Tetsutetsu who appeared to be made of metal. Itsuka Kendo, an Amazonian had to whap a Doppelganger named Nerio Monoma on the back on the neck to suppress her superiority rabies. 
 
  Momo walked in with her staff, trailed closely by Himiko and a punk Noivern werebat by the name of Kyoka Jirou. It seemed that the three of them were very close. A set of floating clothes - wait, no that’s a Kage-Onna. Her name was Tooru Hagakure. A gothic duo of a Black Harpy and a Dullahan appeared next, going by the names of Fumiko Tokoyami and Reiko Yanagi. 
 
  Ochako and Katsumi shot warning glares at a perverted trio of a Hobglobin, Zinogre, and Arachne. They introduced themselves as Minerva Mineta, Doi Kaminari, and Hana Sero, and tried to give Izuku their number, but Katsumi scared them off.
 
  An Automaton by the name of Yui Kodai walked in, her face impassive. She was followed by a Myconid and an Alarune who also appeared to be a Dark Priest, who introduced themselves as Kinoko Komori and Ibara Shiozaki. The Valkyrie that Izuku had met at the entrance exam came in and apologized profusely for her behavior, introducing herself as Tomoyo Iida. 
 
  Camie Utsushimi, one of the most flirty kitsunes that Izuku had ever seen, slipped him her number as an American Minotaur named Pony Tsunotori filed in with Setsuna Tokage, a Dragon Zombie, and finally, the last arrival, Yuka Aoyama, a Titania who spoke French and spontaneously generated sparkles.
 
  By the time they had all arrived, Izuku and Ochako, with the help of Katsumi, had served thirty-one plates of katsudon to their classmates, and they dug in to eat. Eri was a hit with the rest of the girls, and they fawned all over her. 
 
  Unfortunately, Eri wasn’t used to all the attention, so she ended up hiding behind Izuku’s legs most of the time.
 
  Friendships were blooming, food was shared, Minerva drooled at Izuku at least three times and before everyone knew it, night had come.
 
  The students all filed to bed, wanting to be well-rested for the first day of class. Eri followed Izuku to their room, and try as they might, the two just couldn’t get to sleep.
 
  They were missing someone.
 
  A knock on the door stirred Izuku from his troubled sleep and he got out of bed to see who it was.
 
  Ochako’s auburn eyes greeted him in the moonlight.
 
  “Couldn’t sleep?”
 
  “Not a wink. Wot aboot ya?”
 
  “I couldn’t sleep, and neither could Eri. C’mon. Let’s get to sleep.”
 
  Izuku let Ochako into the room, and they climbed into bed, falling asleep in each other’s arms.

  
  

  The next morning, Izuku woke up to the familiar sight of Ochako hugging Eri in her sleep, the younger Mamono snuggling into her grasp.
 
  He smiled, and got up to get dressed.
 
  Ochako stirred, missing Izuku’s weight in the bed.
 
  “Mmmmrgghh. Deku, come back tae bed.”
 
  Izuku chucked. 
 
  “I would like to, but we have classes in an hour and a half, and I’d like to have some breakfast beforehand. Care to join me?”
 
  “...ye drive a hard bargein, Mr. Midoriya. Let’s get the wee one up, shall we?”
 
  Eri, who had been listening to the two talk while pretending to be asleep sat up.
 
  “I’m awake, Papa!”
 
  Izuku chuckled and scooped up his daughter, spinning her a circle as she giggled. Ochako watched with a motherly smile, absolutely entranced by the sight.
 
  “Come on, Eri. Let’s get you fed.”

  
  

  Breakfast had been provided by Katsumi, and her cooking was damn good, as she put it. The rest of the class devoured their meals and then filed to their classroom.
 
  Saiko was chatting with Momo upfront. 
 
  “You know, with a class of thirty students, I would’ve thought the class would’ve been split into two.”
 
  Momo nodded, fiddling with her staff.
 
  “It is strange. I honestly expected something different from U.A. Perhaps there is a reason that we were all grouped together.”
 
  Katsumi walked with Izuku, sniffing the air around him before getting closer and sniffing hard. She reeled back, her face full of confusion and anger.
 
  “You wanna tell me why you smell like Scottish whiskey, floof, and rabbit?”
 
  Izuku sweatdropped, remembering just how protective the hellhound was of him.
 
  “Uh…”
 
  “Oh look. Guys, it’s our classroom!”
 
  Eiko waved from the door, ushering her other classmates into the class.
 
  “I wonder who our teacher is?” Tooru asked, bringing a clothed finger to her invisible chin.
 
  “Whoever it is, I hope they’re, like, super chill.”
 
  “Utsushimi, this is the most prestigious hero university in the country. I highly doubt that the teacher will be ‘super chill,’ as you put it.”
 
  Tomoyo pushed her glasses up her nose, clearly not impressed with the kitsune’s shenanigans.
 
  “You’re such a bummer, Iida.”
 
  “I hardly see how that is relevant.”
 
  Camie rolled her eyes and scoffed, turning her head from the Valkyrie.
 
  “I can’t even with you right now.”
 
  “Then odd, girl!”
 
  Camie turned to see Doi with a shit-eating grin on her face, Minerva and Hana high-fiving her.
 
  “Guys, someone’s coming.”
 
  Everyone turned to Kyoka, whose ears were turning to better locate the sound she had heard.
 
  Momo gathered the class and had them all sit patiently as their teacher arrived.
 
  Or rather, teachers.
 
  The first was Shiko Aizawa, the Medusa that had recorded Izuku and Ochako’s acceptance letter. The second was a Lilim, a succubus of incredible power and allure. Her hair was dark 
  as midnightas the midnight
   sky, with spots of white decorating it like stars.
 
  The final teacher was a Dhampir, standing tall and muscular over her students. No one spoke for a good minute until the Dhampir shrugged and began.
 
  “Good morning, everyone.”
 
  “Good morning.” The class responded.
 
  “I am Shiori Kan, also known as Vlad Queen. I will be one of your homeroom teachers during your stay at U.A.”
 
  She turned to her coworkers, pointing at Aizawa.
 
  “I’m Shiko Aizawa. I’ll be your other homeroom teacher during your stay at U.A. Due to the size of this year’s class, and one of your classmates being the first man to ever attend U.A., Principal Nozomi thought it wise to include our third coworker.”
 
  The Lilim smiled widely, seductively biting her lip. 
 
  “Hi,” She purred in a voice that was too sexy to be allowed to teach. “I’m Nemuri Kayama, also known as the R-Rated Hero: Midnight. Now, I’m sure you’re all wondering why I’m here now instead of teaching art, right?”
 
  She received affirmative nods and murmurs.
 
  “Well, I’m here in case some of you end up trespassing on Midoriya’s personal space. I’d hate to 
  
    punish
  
   naughty students who would break the rules~.”
 
  She cracked her cat-o’-nine tails to emphasize the word punish, and Eri hugged Izuku’s side in fear.
 
  “Papa, she scares me.”
 
  
    You’re not the only one, Eri.
  
 
  Izuku scanned the room, seeing many people flinch under Nemuri’s gaze.
 
  Aizawa sighed and coiled into a basket that could definitely not hold her. It was around the size of a laundry basket, and yet the Medusa fit completely in it, closing the basket over her head.
 
  Her muffled voice came from the basket.
 
  “You all have ten minutes to meet the three of us outside at the athletic field in your gym uniforms. Failure to do so will result in immediate expulsion, no questions asked.”
 
  The basket fell on its side and rolled away, Shiori and Nemuri following it out as the rest of the class scrambled for the locker rooms.
 
  “Ochako, can you take Eri in with you?”
 
  “Sure.”
 
  “Thank you so much. Love you.”
 
  “Love ye too.”
 
  Eri took Ochako’s hand and followed her into the hallway, where the rest of the class was scrambling for the changing room.

  
  

  “Can we talk about Midoriya?” Camie asked, putting her gym shirt on. “Like, he’s cute, in a scrawny way, but hot damn!”
 
  “I know, right? I wonder if I can get his number, and maybe a little more~.” Doi purred, her ears twitching in excitement.
 
  “I want him to use me like a cocksleeve.” Minerva said dreamily, gazing at Izuku’s half-dressed form through a hole in the wall.
 
  The room went silent.
 
  Hana looked at the three-foot girl in disgust. “Seriously, Minerva, I know you’re short, but 
  
    what the fuck?”
  
 
  The 
  hobgoblinhobglobin
   turned around. “At least I know what I want!”
 
  She turned back to the hole, not noticing Ochako and Katsumi’s death glares.
 
  Minerva drooled, seeing Izuku bare back and him hooking his thumbs on his waistband-
 
  Two fists came down on either side of Minerva’s head.
 
  “Mineta, I’m gonna giv’ ye ten seconds tae get your eyes off mae boyfriend’s arse before I tear ye a new one.”
 
  “And if you even fucking 
  
    think
  
   about peeping on Deku again, I will find you and rip your fucking ovaries out your asshole and feed them to you.”
 
  Minerva peed herself a little and ran out of the room, terrified out of her mind. 
 
  “Eri, c’mon. We’re going to make sure ‘at grape doesnae cause annae trouble.”
 
  The young Mamono took Ochako’s hand and followed her out of the locker room.
 
  The rest of the class followed, Aizawa examining the students through tired eyes.
 
  “Class, today you’ll be doing the Quirk Apprehension tests. Uraraka, since you scored first in the entrance exam, I’d like to use you as an example.”
 
  “I got first in tae exam?”
 
  “Oh, right. Your’s was the one message I didn’t show the results. Anyway, come here.”
 
  Ochako obeyed, and Nemuri handed her a ball to throw.
 
  “How far can you usually throw a ball?”
 
  “Uh, aroond 63 meters, I think.”
 
  “Hmm. Now I want you to use your quirk and throw the ball.”
 
  “Okae.”
 
  Ochako drew back her arm and threw the ball, sending it high into the air, where it kept going and going until it disappeared out of sight.
 
  Aizawa waited for the result to appear on her phone, then pointed it back to the class to see.
 
  Mina’s eyes nearly bugged out of her skull.
 
  “INFINITY?!”
 
  The rest of the class was slack-jawed, and Camie grinned.
 
  “This is totally gonna be lots of fun!”
 
  Aizawa’s eye twitched.
 
  “Fun? You think this is a game, Utsushimi?”
 
  Aizawa rose out of her basket, hair riling about in anger, the snake’s eyes gleaming red.
 
  “Being a hero isn’t about having 
  
    fun, 
  
  Utsushimi. How many likes you get on your newest post doesn’t matter and the number of followers you have doesn’t matter when you are staring a villain dead in the face. And if you think you can be a hero and get by with your charms and good looks, 
  
    then you are certainly not meant to be here.”
  
 
  Camie’s ears flattened against her head, her eyes wide with fear. Tears pricked up in her eyes, and she began to cry.
 
  “I’m sorry…”
 
  “You’re
  
     sorry?”
  
 
  Aizawa spat the word like it was a curse, her hair hissing angrily.
 
  “Tell that to the woman whose wife you failed to save because you were too busy making sure you looked perfect for the cameras. Tell that to a child who has to grow up without a parent because you were too busy with your ego. Tell me, Utsushimi, are you prepared to have that conversation?”
 
  Camie couldn’t answer, her sobs the only response she could muster.
 
  “That’s what I thought.”
 
  She slithered back into her basket, closing the lid behind her. Camie collapsed against Tooru, who supported her as she wept.
 
  Nemuri sighed, pinching the bridge of her nose. 
 
  “Sorry about Aizawa. She lost a classmate to a villain attack and she’s never been the same since.”
 
  The class looked at the basket, wary of the snake that lurked within.
 
  “Alright, class. Aoyama, you’re up next for the ball throw.”
 
  Izuku paled, realizing that he would probably be at the lowest rank in the class due to his lack of a quirk, which would probably hurt him in the long run.
 
  But he wasn’t going down without a fight.

  
    Chapter Text
    
  By the time Shoko had completed half of her tests, Aizawa called her over, her tired eyes reflecting against the Kitsune’s own.
 
  “Korikami, I’ve noticed you’ve only been using half of your quirk. You mind telling me the reason behind that?”
 
  Shoko blinked impassively.
 
  “I have a personal oath to never use Endeavor’s power.”
 
  “Excuse me?”
 
  “I’m never using Endeavor’s power.”
 
  Aizawa scoffed.
 
  “She’s your mother, Korikami-”
 
  “No. I am the daughter of Rei Korikami. I may have the blood of Eiji Todoroki, but she is not my mother.”
 
  Aizawa pinched the bridge of her nose and sighed. This one was going to be trouble.
 
  “Ok, fine. She’s not your mother. I still don’t see why that’s a reason for you to handicap yourself on a test 
  
    clearly designed
  
   to test your limits.”
 
  “I am not using Endeavor’s powe-”
 
  “Don’t give me that bullshit, Korikami.”
 
  Shoko was taken aback by Aizawa’s foul language. She frowned, confused.
 
  “What?”
 
  “You are limiting your potential.”
 
  “I can still be a hero with just my mother’s power.”
 
  “And you can also be in love with Midoriya and hope that one day, he’ll return the feeling you have for him.”
 
  Shoko’s face grew into a cold mask of ice, devoid of all emotion.
 
  “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
 
  “Sure. You can be cold and distant, watching him from afar as other girls gain his interest, while you sit by yourself, yearning for Midoriya. He won’t come to you, Korikami. As far as he’s concerned, you’re just his friend.”
 
  Shoko’s face did not show any change in expression.
 
  “Oh, so you’ve already resigned yourself to that fate then, hmm? Then how about this. Your mother, siblings, and Midoriya all trapped and restrained behind a wall of ice as their certain death approaches them. You are on the other side of the wall, and the only one able to save them.”
 
  The kitsune’s gaze did not waver.
 
  “Would you stand there and watch them die because you refused to use half your quirk?”
 
  Shoko turned away, not wanting to face Aizawa, but the Medusa moved back into sight.
 
  “Watch them call for your help, and the watch the agony and betrayal on their faces as they died? Would you be able to live with that, knowing that you could’ve saved them, but you didn’t.”
 
  The heterochromatic kuudere ears and tails drooped. She looked down, trying to avoid Aizawa’s gaze.
 
  “All for what? For spite? To prove a point to a parent for isn’t around you anymore?”
 
  Tears pricked Shoko’s eyes, and she clenched her left fist, the skin growing hot.
 
  “Or are you afraid?”
 
  The tears were running down her face now, hot and salty.
 
  Aizawa’s gaze softened, and she put her hand on Shoko’s shoulder.
 
  “Hey. It’s okay to be afraid about the damage you might do. That’s why you’re here.”
 
  Shoko collapsed into Aizawa’s embrace, sobbing heavily. The elder Mamono stopped, then hesitantly hugged the kitsune, patting her head.
 
  “I know I’m not exactly the friendliest of folk, but if you ever need someone to talk to, I’m here. Hound Dog’s door is always open as well.”
 
  The younger Mamono nodded, them separated from Aizawa.
 
  “Just remember, it’s your power, Korikami.”
 
  She nodded, then looked at her left arm, setting it alight tentatively.
 
  The flames felt warm and nourishing, nothing like the fires of destruction she had made them out to be.
 
  Nothing like the flames of Eiji as she remembered them.
 
  Shoko prepared her fire for the QATs, and she gave her all.
 
  “Alright. Now that all of you have completed the QATs, I will compile the results now.”
 
  Aizawa tapped a few buttons on her phone and pulled up a holographic chart displaying the scores for the QATs.
 



Name


Rank


Name


Rank




Momo Yaoyorozu


1st


Ibara Shiozaki


16th




Shoko Korikami


2nd


Tsuyu Asui


17th




Katsumi Bakugo


3rd


Camie Utsushimi


18th




Saiko Intelli


4th


Reiko Yanagi


19th




Itsuka Kendo


5th


Nerio Monoma


20th




Setsuna Tokage


6th


Yui Kodai


21st




Tomoyo Iida


7th


Yuka Aoyama


22nd




Mai Shoji


8th


Kiniko Komori


23rd




Fumiko Tokoyami


9th


Kanna Koda


24th




Eiko Kirishima


10th


Hana Sero


25th




Tetsutetsu Tetsutetsu


11th


Kyoka Jirou


26th




Pony Tsunotori


12th


Doi Kaminari


27th




Mina Ashido


13th


Tooru Hagakure


28th




Ochako Uraraka


14th


Minerva Mineta


29th




Himiko Toga


15th


Izuku Midoriya


30th



 
  Izuku’s face dropped, but honestly, he hadn’t expected much different. Everybody else had so much better than he had, and it showed.
 
  But then again, it showed that he had the room to grow.
 
  “These scores show your abilities as they are, and your potential to grow. Midoriya, chin up.”
 
  Izuku looked up, meeting Aizawa’s eye.
 
  “You may have scored last, but all that means is that you have plenty of room to grow. Keep up your work ethic, and you’ll make a fine hero.”
 
  “Thank you, Sensei.”
 
  Aizawa gave a curt nod, then continued.

  “Tomorrow, we will be participating in Hero vs Villain exercises. I expect you all to bring your best. Plus Ultra.”
 
  Eri ran out to the middle of the ball throwing mound and picked up the ball, eager to throw it. 
 
  “Papa, watch!”
 
  She reared back and threw the ball with all of her might, and it zoomed through the air, flying rapidly as a blue streak before disappearing into the sky.
 
  Aizawa’s distance app crashed, showing an error screen.
 
  “What the…”
 
  A few seconds later, the ball cut through the sky, vaporizing the clouds as it landed on the maximum range of the field, smoking with energy. 
 
  The ball was retrieved and everyone stared in shock at it. It had stickers from a “Multiverse Hero Academia” on it, with some other symbols the no one understood.
 
  Aizawa turned to Izuku, a bit of fear on her face.
 
  “Midoriya, I’m glad you’re raising her and not someone else.”

  
  

  The rest of the day had passed without incident, with dinner cooked by both Izuku and Katsumi. She kept stealing glances at him when he wasn’t looking, her nose telling her something she didn’t want to know.
 
  Izuku smelled of Scotch and floof. And a tiny bit of fuck-off laser, but she knew that came from Eri. 
 
  What bothered her was that he didn’t smell like her. How was she supposed to protect him from the Mamono who wanted Deku for his dick if she wasn’t with him at all times?
 
  And how the 
  
    fuck
  
   did Round Face manage to get with him first?
 
  She must have used some seduction magic or some other fucking bullshit to wrap Deku around her little finger.
 
  Katsumi huffed and locked eyes on Ochako, growling.
 
  
    I’m going to break whatever fucking spell you spun on Deku, and then I’m going to make sure you 
  
  never 
  
    touch him again.
  

  
  

  Breakfast the next morning finished rather quickly and the class moved to their classroom, where strangely, only Nemuri was waiting for them. 
 
  Tomoyo was the first to notice this and raised an eyebrow.
 
  “Kayama-sensei, where are Aizawa-sensei and Kan-sensei?”
 
  Nemuri chuckled. “Battle Trial is today, remember? We have a new teacher to teach heroics, and they should be coming in any second now, so please, take your seats.”
 
  The class complied, with Eri sitting patiently in Izuku’s lap, radiating an aura of adorableness.
 
  Gossip crossed the room, and then Kyoka’s ear twitched.
 
  “Someone’s coming. And they’re big.”
 
  The rest of the class silenced themselves, listening to the thudding footsteps that rapidly approached the door.
 
  Izuku grinned. He recognized those footsteps. Ochako looked over at him and grinned widely, just as excited as he was.
 
  Eri raised an eyebrow curiously.
 
  “Papa, is that-”
 
  “Some-”
 
  The door flew open, All-might sticking her head and brandishing her trademark smile.
 
  “BODY once told me that I AM HERE! COMING IN THROUGH THE DOOR WITH A DEAD MEME!”
 
  Doi facepalmed.
 
  “All-Might, that meme died two hundred years ago.”
 
  “Yes, just like your chances at successfully seducing Young Midoriya.”
 
  The room fell silent, shock settling over the students, who hadn’t expected All-Might to drop straight fire like that.
 
  “Anyway, you all should meet me in ten minutes at Training Ground Gamma. We’ll be doing Hero vs Villain exercises, so get changed into your costumes. Kayama, you’re with me.”
 
  The hero turned and her coworker followed her out, swaying her hips as she winked at Izuku on the way out. 
 
  Katsumi and Ochako glared at her, and quickly headed out of the room. Izuku rushed after them, still carrying Eri, and the rest of the class followed.

  
  

  “So I should just explain the exercise as best I can and not refer to my notes?”
 
  “Yes. It looks unprofessional otherwise. You want to instill confidence in your students.”
 
  “I see. ‘Fake it until you make it,’ huh?”
 
  “Exactly. Here they come. You’re up, big girl~.”
 
  All-Might turned to see her class arriving and took a deep breath.
 
  Showtime, Toshiko. Show them what you can do!
 
  “They say the clothes make the woman, and man, in this case, but I must say, you all have nailed it!”
 
  U.A.’s first-year hero course students stepped out on the tunnel to Training Ground Gamma, and All-Might’s grin grew ever wider upon seeing her students in their costumes.
 
  Surprisingly, Shoko had thrown out her costume, deciding that the design she had decided on was outdated and did not reflect her. She decided to go in her gym uniform instead.
 
  Himiko was dressed in a nurse’s outfit, but with some… questionable augmentations. She wore a black and red shirt with the top unbuttoned to reveal a bit of her cleavage, while the skirt only came down to her mid-thigh, showing a healthy amount of thigh before it disappeared under leg socks. Several scalpels, syringes, and tubes decorated the outfit, perfect for collecting and storing blood from opponents. 
 
  Saiko came dressed in traditional samurai armor, modified to fit her enormous stature, complete with a club she enchanted herself. Her muscles bulged under the armor, and the best part?
 
  She didn’t need a mask to look intimidating as fuck.
 
  Ochako came out dressed in a skin-tight pink and black outfit, with special gauntlets and greaves that Mei had designed herself. When a certain button was pressed, the armor retracted to allow Ochako’s wool to safely expand. The Scottish-Japanese girl was impressed, but she only had one gripe with the suit.
 
  
    I knoow that Mei got mae measurements, but did she reallae hafta make it skin-tight? I feel liek I’m naked as a wee babe in front of everyone…
  
 
  Then she saw what most of her classmates were wearing and blushed. Camie was wearing a catsuit that was partially zipped up to show her cleavage, and good god. Tooru wasn’t wearing anything!
 
  Well, she was, but Ochako couldn’t see it. She was wearing a leotard made of her hair, which allowed for invisibility while protecting her modesty.
 
  At least Momo was wearing something sensible… 
 
  “Oh, 
  
    sweet Jeesus.”
  
 
  Momo was dressing in a red sports bra that covered her breasts and opened in the back, allowing for more room for her creations in the back. Her midsection was completely bare, the next piece of clothing a pair of red workout shorts that came to her midthigh, protecting her decency at least somewhat. A yellow utility belt fastened around her waist provided, well, extra utility, and a personal computer stored in a watch on her right wrist. Combat boots adorned her feet, and she carried her staff with pride.
 
  Ochako wiped the blood from her upper lip as Jirou and Izuku did the same. She turned to her boyfriend, and almost died.
 
  He was wearing a green jumpsuit with a mouthguard that clearly represented All-Might’s smile, his red boots that he loved so much, and gauntlets to protect his arms. Mei had built it herself, and she put a lot of effort into her babies. The Monado hung from his back, hiding the bunny hood of the suit.
 
  “Holy shite, Deku. Ye look fookin’ amazin’.”
 
  Izuku blushed and turned away.
 
  “T-Thanks. You look amazing as well.”
 
  Ochako blushed, and Eri grinned. The entire class smiled as they observed the adorkable couple, too pure for this world.
 
  Nemuri squealed in delight, completely overjoyed by the cinnamon buns in front of her.
 
  All-Might called the class to attention.
 
  “Today, we will be conducting an indoor Heroes versus Villains mock battle exercise. While the most famous villain attacks are televised by the media, the most heinous villain attacks take place in secret lairs, back allies, and underground locations. The purpose of this exercise to teach you all how to react in an unfamiliar environment, as well as teamwork.”
 
  Toshiko looked over at Nemuri, who gave her a thumbs up.
 
  “You all will be split into teams of five. Two teams will be competing with each other as heroes and villains. The scenario is as follows: Villains have acquired a nuclear weapon and are hiding it somewhere in their base. It is the goal of the heroes to find and acquire the weapon in time to save the city!”
 
  So far so good.
 
  “The Heroes have two win conditions. They can either find the weapon and disable the weapon by touching it, or they capture both of the villains. The villains win when the timer runs out for the heroes, or the heroes are captured.”
 
  “Villains, you have a ten minute setup time. Use that time wisely. You may be able to stop the heroes with just clever tricks. Heroes, you have a 15 minute period to find and secure the weapon before it goes off. Now, you all have been randomly divided into teams, which I will show now.”

  
  




Match


Hero Team


Villain Team




1


Setsuna Tokage, Minerva Mineta, Kinoko Komori, Katsumi Bakugo, Pony Tsunotori


Izuku Midoriya, Kanna Koda, Camie Utsushimi, Shoko Korikami, Itsuka Kendo




2


Mina Ashido, Yuka Aoyama, Ibara Shiozaki, Hana Sero, Fumiko Tokoyami


Tooru Hagakure, Tomoyo Iida, Yui Kodai, Saiko Intelli, Doi Kaminari




3


Kyoka Jirou, Mai Shoji, Momo Yaoyorozu, Reiko Yanagi, Ochako Uraraka


Mina Ashido, Yuka Aoyama, Ibara Shiozaki, Hana Sero, Fumiko Tokoyami



 
  “Now that you all know your teams and your roles in this exercise, we will split into our groups. Heroes and Villains of the first match, your match will be taking place in the building to your left. Everyone else, follow me to the observation room. Remember, go beyond,”
 
  “PLUS ULTRA!!!”
 
  All-Might lead the rest of her students into the observation room, Izuku stopped Ochako for a second.
 
  “Ochako, can you watch Eri please?”
 
  “Sure. Ye readae tae watch ye da kick some butt, Eri?”
 
  “Yeah!”
 
  The young Xeno’Jiva took Ochako’s hand and followed her inside, the drums of war beating in her mind. 
 
  Izuku smiled and followed Kanna, Camie, Shoko, and Itsuka inside the trial building. 
 
  Camie mozzied on up to Izuku and began to work her charms on him, starting by standing close to him. 
 
  “So, Midoriya, you have a plan?”
 
  She winked at him, sending a flirtatious star to him. It grew closer and closer, coming into contact with his skin…
 
  “Well, first I need to know what your quirks.”
 
  A record scratched in Camie’s mind.
 
  
    My flirting didn’t work?!
  
 
  She panicked and began hyperventilating, numbers flying through her head.
 
  
    Am I losing my touch?
  
 
  “Utsushimi?”

  She snapped back to reality, facing Izuku.
 
  “Y-Yeah?”
 
  “I asked what your quirk was.”
 
  “O-Oh. It’s, uh, Glamour. I can make auditory and visual illusions using a smoke-like substance that comes from my mouth. They don’t last that long, though.”
 
  “Interesting. That could be very useful for distracting the heroes as they come in. If we can make a trap of some kind, those illusions of yours will be key.”
 
  Camie blushed, and Izuku moved to Itsuka and Kanna.
 
  “Kendo?”
 
  The Amazonian raised one of her fists and enlarged it. “My quirk is Battle Fist. I can make my hands larger, and they can generate wind blasts if they’re big enough.”
 
  “Awesome!” Izuku pulled out a notebook from nowhere, scribbling down notes. “There’s a lot of applications that could have. Maybe if we created a tunnel, we could use your quirk to blast the heroes back if necessary.”
 
  He turned to his final teammate, the silent turtle Kanna Koda.
 
  “What about you quirk?”
 
  Kanna meekly handed Izuku a card, which introduced her quirk as “Anivoice,” the ability to command animals by speaking to them.
 
  “Interesting. Do you know if there are any animals in or near this building?”
 
  Kanna shrugged and Izuku nodded. 
 
  “That’s okay. There’s probably something that we can figure out.”
 
  The Umi Osho gave Izuku a grateful smile and they moved into the building, beginning their setup time.

  
  

   If there was anything Katsumi hated most about waiting, it was waiting with other people.
 
  Especially if said others wouldn’t stop talking.
 
  “So, Bakugo, do you know any of our opponents? Their quirks, maybe?”
 
  Necro-Gecko wouldn’t stop asking her questions. It was annoying.
 
  “Hello? Anyone in there?”

  “Fuck off, Necro-Gecko.”
 
  “Ooh, a nickname. I like it.”
 
  Katsumi growled, but Necro-Gecko didn’t back off. 
 
  “I’m trying to increase our chances of winning. And if you know anything that could possibly help us, it would be great if you shared.”
 
  “So what?”
 
  Necro-Gecko blinked. 
 
  “Okay. You obviously don’t want to be a part of the team, so I’ll let you be. Have fun being by yourself.”
 
  She turned and left Katsumi alone, who was grateful to have her privacy. She didn’t need these extras. She could go in there and beat everyone herself if she wanted. 
 
  “Fucking extras. They’d only slow me down. And if Deku wants to be a hero so much, he’s gonna have to prove that he can hold his ground.”
 
  “Start!”
 
  Katsumi bolted into the building, eager to prove herself and end the match quickly.
 
  The first thing she noticed was a slight chill in the air, but that didn’t matter at the moment. She sniffed the air, tracking who had nearby.
 
  She smelled Deku, Valley Girl, Icyhot, Bighands McGee, and Disney. Their scents were stale, but they grew fresher as she moved into the building. 
 
  Katsumi grinned.
 
  The hunt was on.

  
  

  Setsuna sighed. Not even ten seconds after the exercise had begun and Bakugo had gone in by herself with no plan other than what she supposed was “Find and then beat the ever-living shit out of the villains.”
 
  They followed the hellhound in reluctantly and came across a fork in the road, and Setsuna decided it would be good if they split up.
 
  “Mineta, Komori, you two go together and call us over the comms if you see anything. Tsunotori, you’re with me.”
 
  The two shorter girls nodded and split off, leaving Setsuna and Pony.
 
  They departed down the other path, both keeping an eye out for something.
 
  “Um, Setsuna?”
 
  “Yeah?”
 
  “I wanted to thank you for being friend. Not everyone patient enough to speak with America who speak broken Japanese.”
 
  Setsuna smiled at Pony, her friendship with the foreign Minotaur strange, but genuine.
 
  Pony stopped shivering from the cold, the temperature is getting warmer.
 
  “Is room getting hot?”
 
  Setsuna, due to being medically undead, has a higher heat sensitivity. 
 
  Which is why she immediately aware of the fireball heading towards them at top speed, even if she didn’t react until it was right on top of them. 
 
  “Pony, move!”
 
  The Dragon Zombie split her body to push Pony out of the way and was consumed by the fireball, filling her with the sensation of being warm.
 
  For most undead Mamono, they are born as medically dead individuals. They don’t have a pulse, breath, and are cold and clammy to the touch. Which leaves most undead to seek warmth.
 
  So when Setsuna found herself surrounded by flame, the heat overwhelmed her senses and caused her brain to go into pleasure overload, and she fell into a daze on the ground.
 
  Her body merged back together, forming a very out of it, but satisfied Setsuna.
 
  “Setsuna! Are you okay?!”
 
  The undead giggled, her body smoking.
 
  “So warm…”
 
  “What?”
 
  “I think I overloaded her pleasure center with heat. She’s gonna be out of it for a while.”
 
  Pony looked up to see Shoko lowering her left arm and raising her right.
 
  She unleashed a flash freeze and froze Pony to the ground.
 
  “Sorry about that, but I figure the only way you’re going to stay still is if I make you.”

  Pony snorted and pulled strained her leg muscles, trying to break free of the ice.
 
  “It’s no use. You’ll just pull the hair and possibly skin off your legs.”
 
  The ice began to crack.
 
  “Oh. Kendo.”
 
  A giant hand came down on Pony’s neck, knocking her unconscious. 
 
  “Thank you.”
 
  Itsuka nodded and wrapped Pony’s wrists in capture tape.
 
  “Let’s go find Midoriya, shall we?”

  
  

  Kiniko was very nervous. It was dark and spooky, and there was no one with her but the girl who wouldn’t shut up about Midoriya.
 
  “...I mean, I only got a brief look at him but good God, he’s a hunk! You know what I’m saying, right?”
 
  “C-Can we not t-talk about him r-right now and f-focus on finding t-the bomb?”
 
  Minerva snorted. “Fine. I just I can get another look at him before the exercise is over- 
  
    oh my god.”
  
 
  The two girls looked over to see a tiny blue bunny watching them from down the hall, its nose twitching as it sniffed the air.
 
  They were immediately entranced by its cuteness and rushed over, cooing at the bunny.
 
  “Oh my god it’s so cute!” Minerva cooed staring at blue bunny with stars in her eyes.
 
  “I want ten!” Kiniko said, practically wiggling in joy.
 
  Then the bunny smiled, and all the good feelings were gone.
 
  Rows upon rows of sharp teeth gleamed at the girls, and they screamed and activated their quirks in panic. Minerva hurled ball after ball off of her head, her pigtails bleeding as she wailed in panic. Dozens of mushrooms gathered on the walls, floor, and ceiling as Kinoko unleashed her spores, her lungs filling with the fungi rapidly.
 
  Both soon passed out, one from minor blood loss and the other from asphyxiation. 
 
  Camie and Kanna stepped around the corner, both giggling as they wrapped capture tap around Minerva and Kiniko wrists.
 
  “Like, that was awesome! Hi-five, Koda!”
 
  The girls celebrated their victory, and somewhere, a Hellhound was closing in on her prey.

  
  

  Izuku was on edge since the beginning of the exercise. He knew that Katsumi would most likely come straight for him, but he didn’t know when or where she would come from.
 
  Hiding was useless because she would just track him by his scent, and that was another thing he was worried about. The scent of Scotch and floof still clung to him, and he knew that Katsumi would lose it when she smelt it on him again.
 
  He had to be ready.
 
  Izuku took a breath and drew the Monado and cast Enchant. His senses heightened, the room became a bit brighter, the smell of Scotch now identifiable on his person. His mouth tasted the same as it had, but his ears picked up the sound of someone sniffing.
 
  Suddenly, a vision popped into his head. Katsumi blew a hole in the wall and tackled him, pinning the greenette to the ground before he had a chance to react. The Monado would be knocked out of reach, and Katsumi captured him.
 
  The vision vaded, and Izuku stepped back as the wall exploded. Katsumi leaped through the hole, landing on all fours after she narrowly missed the greenette.
 
  “Heh. You must have better reflexes than I thought, Deku.”
 
  She boosted herself up with her explosions, closing the distance between herself and Izuku. He guarded with the Monado as she brought her hands up for a small point-blank blast, and the greenette dug his heels into the ground.
 
  The explosion knocked his guard open and Katsumi knocked the Monado from his hands, sending it clattering to the floor next. Izuku countered with a right hook to the face, and the two let loose. They punched and kicked and beat the ever-loving shit out of each other, and Izuku managed to get Katsumi into a headlock.
 
  “Just like old times, eh, Kacchan?”
 
  The hellhound grinned. 
 
  “Except you actually have a fucking spine this time.”
 
  She flipped him to the ground, straddling his hips and pinning his arms.
 
  “And fucking hell, that turns me on.”
 
  Katsumi leaned forward to catch his lips, but then stopped, taking another sniff.
 
  “Wait a fucking minute…”
 
  She sniffed harder, her nose wrinkling like she had smelt something terrible, and then her eyes went ablaze.
 
  “That fucking Wooloo bitch’s scent is still on you!”
 
  She growled and grabbed Izuku’s face.
 
  “She better not have touched a hair on your body, or I swear to god-”
 
  “Ochako didn’t hurt me, Kacchan.”
 
  Katsumi froze.
 
  “What?”
 
  “We’re dating. And I know you want to protect me, but-”
 
  
    “You’re dating Round Face?!”
  
 
  Izuku winced, his ears ringing.
 
  “Yes, and nothing happened without my consent or Ochako’s, Kacchan.”
 
  Katsumi didn’t register his voice and continued sniffing, traveling down his body and stopping around his crotch. 
 
  “No.”
 
  Another sniff.
 
  “This can’t be happening.”
 
  Virgin’s blood.
 
  His crotch smelled of virgin’s blood.
 
  She scrambled off of him and began hyperventilating, her pupils shrinking.
 
  “I couldn’t protect you.”
 
  “Kacchan?”
 
  “Now Round Face has you wrapped around her little finger.”
 
  “Kacchan.”
 
  “You love her and now I…”
 
  “KATSUMI!”
 
  Her gaze snapped up to Izuku, angry and hurt. They pieced together the wrong conclusion, and Katsumi snapped.
 
  “You let her seduce you.”
 
  “What?”
 
  “You let that bitch into your brain, let your guard down, and you let her steal you away from me.”
 
  Katsumi raised her right arm and pointed her grenade-shaped gauntlet at Izuku. His eyes widened, and he raised his hands.
 
  “Kacchan, think about what you’re about to do.” 
 
  “No, 
  
    Deku. 
  
  I’m done thinking.”
 
  “Kacchan-”
 
  “Shut 
  
    up, 
  
  Deku! All these years of me protecting you from people who were more than willing to jump your bones and 
  
    this
  
   is how you repay me?”
 
  She was on the brim of tears.
 
  “You know what? No. 
  
    Fuck you, Deku.”
  
 
  “KACCHAN, DON’T!”
 
  Katsumi’s finger pulled the pin on her gauntlet and the room in front of her detonated. 

  
    Chapter Text
    
  
    So this is how I die?
  
 
  Izuku watched the explosion rocket towards him, the heat already frying his eyebrows.
 
  
    A fiery death at the hands of a jealous girl?
  
 
  He saw Katsumi’s rage twisted face, and he sighed internally.
 
  
    Take care of Eri for me, Ochako?
  
 
  The greenette watched the explosion close in on him and accepted his death.
 
  “Geez, kid. I would’ve thought that you had more fight in you.”
 
  
    I must be dead.
  
 
  “Kid, are you just gonna sit there and pray or are you gonna stand and fight?”
 
  Izuku opened his eyes and his jaw dropped.
 
  A muscular woman around an inch taller than him held the Monado as it projected a shield against the explosion. She wore her black hair back in a ponytail, a black sleeveless jumpsuit with a white cape and yellow gloves. 
 
  “What? How?”
 
  “Surprised?”
 
  “Very. Who are you and why does the Monado now have the kanji for shield on it?”
 
  The woman smiled. Strangely enough, it reminded him of the same smile his mother gave him to comfort him in times of stress.
 
  “I’m Nana Shimura, the seventh wielder of the Monado, and its current Blade.”
 
  “Blade?”
 
  “Similar to a Cursed Sword. Funnily enough, I was a cursed sword when I was alive.”
 
  “Wait, you’re dead?”
 
  “Yep. As for why the Monado is now saying Shield? It’s to block the blast that would’ve killed you. Now get up, Izuku. Katsumi needs you.”
 
  “...how do you know my name and Kacchan’s?”
 
  “Eh, you’ll figure it out. The blast should stop right about… now!”
 
  The explosion ended, and Nana hefted the Monado and presented it to Izuku.
 
  “Let’s go, kid. Comfort your future friend, maybe throw a bit of sex in there.”
 
  “Wait, what?”
 
  Nana chuckled.
 
  “Don’t worry about it, kid. Just go!”
 
  She gave him a playful shove forward, and Izuku found the room he was in open to the world.
 
  Katsumi’s gauntlet had torn a hole through the building, and the hellhound was currently tearing through the rubble looking for the man she had loved her entire life.
 
  “No no no no!”
 
  She was crying.
 
  Katsumi Bakugo, the girl that beat the shit out of bullies and never cried, was openly weeping.
 
  “Deku, where are you?!”
 
  She tripped over a rock and landed face-first onto the ground, where she sobbed silently.
 
  
    I killed him.
  
 
  
    I fucking killed my useless idiot in a fucking jealous rage.
  
 
  
    What the hell is wrong with me?!
  
 
  “Kacchan?”
 
  She wept again, not processing his voice correctly.
 
  “Great. Now I’m fucking hearing ghosts.”
 
  “Kacchan…”
 
  She looked up, her eyes red and bloodshot from crying.
 
  “Heh. I guess I deserve this. You haunting my fucking ass for the rest of my days because I fucking murdered you in a jealous fucking rage.”
 
  Katsumi scoffed and cried again.
 
  “I’m sorry, Deku, I just…”
 
  Izuku pulled her into a hug and she wept, not registering the boy’s physical touch.
 
  “You know how I am with expressing my fucking emotions, and I let you get away from me. It’s not your fault, nor is it fucking Round Face’s, and I’m sorry for killing you, Deku.”
 
  Izuku chuckled.
 
  “I’m afraid I can’t forgive you, Kacchan.”
 
  “Fair enough. I am a fucking bitch, literally and figuratively.”
 
  “Well, it’s also impossible to forgive a person for a crime they didn’t commit.”
 
  “What the fuck are you on about?”
 
  “Kacchan, I’m alive.”
 
  It was then that Katsumi realized that she was, in fact, hugging the boy she thought she killed.
 
  She cried again, and collapsed into Izuku’s arms, hot tears flowing down her face.
 
  “Oh my god… oh my fucking god…”
 
  The weeping hellhound buried her nose into Izuku’s shirt, inhaling his scent deeply. 
 
  He still smelled faintly of Scotch and fuck-off laser, but he smelled like himself.
 
  He smelled 
  
    alive.
  
 
  Tears flowed fresh, staining Izuku’s jumpsuit as Katsumi held him close, not daring to let go of him.
 
  She didn’t want to lose him.
 
  Not after almost killing him.
 
  “I thought you didn’t like me that way, Kacchan.”
 
  “I thought so too, but these fucking feelings… they just wouldn’t go away. Everytime I think of you, I see your smile… that fucking sunshine smile of yours and I promised myself that I would keep you safe from the bitches who just want you for your dick.”
 
  She sniffled, and laughed dryly.
 
  “I guess I ended up pushing you away as well.”
 
  Izuku began scratching Katsumi’s head, earning involuntary whimpers of pleasure from her.
 
  “Deku…”
 
  “Yeah?”
 
  “If you tell 
  
    anyone 
  
  that I whimper from ear scritches, I will 
  
    murder you.”
  
 
  “My lips are sealed.”
 
  Katsumi leaned against Izuku, putting her head on his shoulder and letting her ears droop in sadness.
 
  “Heh. I became the very thing I swore to protect you from. Ironic.”
 
  “It’s okay, Kacchan…”
 
  “It really isn’t. Maybe next time I should use my fucking brain…”
 
  They stood there for a few moments, just embracing each other. Izuku breathed in, smelling the caramel scent that was a by-product of her nitroglycerin sweat, while Katsumi comforted herself with Izuku’s familiar scent.
 
  It was oddly calming.
 
  And then the radios in their earseyes crackled on.
 
  “All-Might, what the hell were you thinking?! You should’ve ended the exercise the second Bakugo raised her gauntlet!”
 
  “They needed that fight, Kayama. I think it was necessary.”
 
  “Necessary, my ass! What if he had died?!”
 
  “The situation was under control. Young Midoriya would not have died.”
 
  “You don’t know that! And if he had died, we would’ve lost our jobs, his daughter would’ve grown up with a parent, and U.A. would get a major blow to its PR!”
 
  “...I see.”
 
  “Good! I am 
  
    not 
  
  losing my job due to your negligence! Midoriya, capture Bakugo and end the exercise and then both of you are coming with me to see Recovery Girl.”
 
  Izuku gulped, then pressed him communicator.
 
  “U-Understood, Kayama-Sensei.”
 
  He took out his capture tape and wrapped it around Katsumi’s wrists, ending the exercise.
 
  Nana had a grave look on her face as she followed the two out of the building.

  
  

  “What the hell were you thinking, Bakugo?!”
 
  Katsumi lowered her gaze to the ground, her ears drooping. Nemuri glared at her as Recovery Girl did a quick check-up on Izuku.
 
  “I wasn’t.”
 
  “Good answer. If it hadn’t been for Miss Shimura here, Midoriya would be dead! You would’ve killed him!”
 
  The hellhound said nothing from her kneeling position and continued to look at the ground. She was infinitely guilty for almost killing her childhood friend, and she was willing to accept any punishment from her teacher.
 
  “Honestly, you’re lucky that Midoriya decided not to press any charges. That boy is too forgiving for his own good.”
 
  Nana nodded in agreement.
 
  “Glad we agree on something, Kayama.”
 
  “Anyway, it’s too early in the school year to suspend you, and Principal Nozomi wants to keep you around. I learned a long time ago not to question why she chooses things, but the one positive of that is that she left me in charge of choosing your punishment.”
 
  Nemuri’s frown twisted into a sadistic grin and Katsumi prayed for mercy.
 
  “Bakugo, for attacking Midoriya and nearly killing him, you are hereby sentenced to…”
 
  The dandelion waited for the dreaded axe to fall.
 
  “...being Midoriya’s personal maid for a day.”
 
  
    Figures. At least scrubbing toilets isn’t that bad-
  
 
  “Wait, what?!”
 
  Nemuri smirked.
 
  “You wanted to be close to him, didn’t you? Well, you get the satisfaction of being close to him, but unfortunately for you, the maid outfit you’ll be wearing is enchantntranced so that you cannot take it off without Midoriya’s permission. Perfect for a top such as yourself~.”
 
  Katsumi’s jaw dropped, and Izuku turned bright red after hearing what Nemuri had said.
 
  “W-who said anything a-about topping, Sensei?!”
 
  “Oh, so you’re a power bottom. Typical alignment for hellhounds. Tell me, does the thought of being with Midoriya turn you on?”
 
  “S-Shut up!”
 
  Nemuri chuckled.
 
  “Of course, this will only happen if both you and Midoriya agree to it. Principal Nozomi and I have devised another punishment that involves cleaning every bathroom in the school after Taco Tuesday.”
 
  Katsumi and Izuku’s eyes nearly bugged out of their skulls.
 
  “I’ll be his maid! Please, I don’t want to clean the bathrooms after Taco Tuesday!”
 
  “It’s not up to me, Bakugo. Midoriya?”
 
  The greenette froze like a deer in headlights, not sure what to do. He wasn’t sure that having Katsumi as his personal maid for a day was a good idea, but the alternative was a fate he wouldn’t want to wish on his worse enemy.
 
  “I agree.”
 
  Katsumi let out a sigh of relief, and Nemuri clapped her hands together excitedly.
 
  “Excellent! Bakugo, if you’ll follow me, we’ll get started right away. Midoriya, you are dismissed. Classes are canceled for the rest of the day, so enjoy your afternoon with Eri, Miss Uraraka, and Miss Shimura. Bakugo’s work will start as soon as possible, and will end tomorrow evening.”
 
  “Thank you, Sensei.”
 
  “Oh, actually, All-Might wanted to speak with you.”
 
  “Ah.”
 
  “Have a nice afternoon!”
 
  Nemuri smiled and waved goodbye as she dragged Katsumi away, who had a pleading look on her face.
 
  Nana shook her head and sighed.
 
  “Glad I’m not her. C’mon kid. Let’s go find your girlfriend and daughter. You have to introduce them to me.”
 
  “Oh, right…”

  
  

  “So yer a Blade?”
 
  “That’s right.”
 
  “So, yer liek a Cursed Sword, but you came from tae sword instead of touchin’ the sword an’ suddenlae becoming a Mamono?”
 
  “Yes.”
 
  Ochako rubbed her temples, clearly done with the conversation.
 
  “Weel, I guess ye learn somethin’ every day.”
 
  Eri was very confused, but she did know something about Nana.
 
  “You look like Grandma Inko.”
 
  The Blade raised an eyebrow.
 
  “Who?”
 
  Izuku pulled out his phone.
 
  “My mother. She wears her hair up in a bun like you do. Here’s a picture.”
 
  He showed Nana a picture of Inko, and she nodded.
 
  “There are definite similarities. You’re right. I 
  
    do 
  
  look like her.”
 
  Toshiko knocked on Izuku’s door, wanting to apologize for not stepping in. When he opened it, she smiled like she normally did.
 
  “Hello, Young Midoriya! I hope you are having a good afternoon!”
 
  Izuku nodded slowly, unsure as to why All-Might was there.
 
  “I am. Is there any particular reason as to why you’re here, All-Might?”
 
  She hesitated.
 
  “I’d like to speak to you in private, now, if possible.”
 
  “Okay.”
 
  Ochako and Eri looked at each other and stood, the former taking Eri’s hands.
 
  “Say, didnae ye say ye wanted to learn how to braid, Eri?”
 
  Eri nodded excitedly.
 
  “Great! Let’s see if we can get annae of the other girls to join in on tae fun!”
 
  “Yay!”
 
  The Wooloo and young dragon exited the room, leaving Izuku alone with All-Might and Nana.
 
  “Thank you.”
 
  The ogre stepped into the room, ducking as she walked in and turned to see the walls. 
 
  They were decorated with hero memorabilia, posters of heroes ranging from Mt. Lady to Miruko on the walls to figures of Wash and Ryukyu, both in human and dragoon form.
 
  Her gaze stopped on a photo of Eri, Ochako, Rumi, and Izuku on Dagobah on the beach posing in swimsuits. Toshiko burst into a cloud of steam, shrinking down to her real size.
 
  “Was this the day after the exam?”
 
  Izuku nodded, and Nana smiled, still unnoticed by the ogre.
 
  “Yep. Eri wanted to go to the beach, so the four of us got into our bathing suits and we spent the day at the beach. She got sand in her mouth and cried about it for five minutes before she charged across the beach, playing tag with Rumi. I remember her first reaction to the water. She was so scared, but I was there as we took our first steps into the ocean.”
 
  The greenette smiled, the memory very happy for him.
 
  “I don’t think I had ever seen her that happy.”
 
  Toshiko nodded.
 
  “You must be very proud of her.”
 
  “I am. But enough about me. What did you come here for, Yagi-sensei?”
 
  The ogre sighed. She was not looking forward to this conversation.
 
  “I um, wanted to apologize to you for not stepping in earlier. While you did use the Monado to save yourself from Young Bakugo’s explosion and resolve things later, I should have stepped in when things got hairy.”
 
  Toshiko sighed.
 
  “It was very irresponsible of me and I apologize deeply.”
 
  “Apology accepted, Yagi-sensei.”
 
  She chuckled dryly.
 
  “If my master could see me now, I can only imagine what she would say.”
 
  “She’d probably say something about how disappointed she was in your lack of teaching, Toshi.”
 
  “Sometimes it’s like I can still hear her voice.”
 
  “Yeah, especially when I’m sitting right next to you, Toshi.”
 
  “What?”
 
  Toshiko opened her eyes and looked over to her right, where Nana waved at her.
 
  “Hello, Toshi.”
 
  “MASTER?!”
 
  The ogre immediately knelt before Nana and offered infinite apologies, and the black-haired Amazon frowned.
 
  “Enough of that, Toshi! Seriously, you have a problem…”
 
  “Sorry, master-”
 
  “Stop apologizing! Seriously! I’m not impressed.”
 
  Toshiko shut up and stood up, scratching the back of her head.
 
  “Right. Well, that’s all I wanted to say. Thank you for listening. Also, tonight is a full moon, so I suggest you take the necessary precautions, considering your relationship with Miss Uraraka.”
 
  Izuku nodded.
 
  “Have a nice day, Young Midoriya.”

  
  

  “I swear to fucking god if you say 
  
    anything
  
  , I will rip your head off your fucking shoulders.”
 
  Himiko gave a smug smirk and said nothing, her tail flicking back and forth.
 
  “Alright. I won’t say anything. But Midoriya sure will~.”
 
  The Nekomata walked off, very proud of herself. She passed Izuku, Nana, Ochako, and Eri on the way out of the kitchen, where Katsumi was currently finishing dinner.
 
  The hellhound was dressed in a frilly maid outfit, which complemented her figure nicely. Despite her protests, Katsumi actually found the outfit quite comfortable, and hell, if Deku-, no her Master liked it, then it only got better from there.
 
  “Kacchan?”
 
  She turned and smiled at Izuku, flashing a bright smile drilled into her by the maid crash course Midnight had given her.
 
  “Good evening, Master. Dinner will be ready shortly.”
 
  Izuku, Ochako, Nana, and Eri blinked, not sure how to react about Katsumi’s change in demeanor.
 
  It was honestly a bit worrying.
 
  “Kacchan, are you feeling alright?”
 
  She nodded. 
 
  “I am fine, Master. If there’s nothing else you need, I’m afraid that I must finish dinner preparations.”
 
  “Okay…”
 
  “Wonderful! Please, take a seat at the table.” She gestured to a grand table that certainly wasn’t there that morning. Izuku, Ochako, Nana, and Eri took their seats, and Katsumi came in with a silver tray.
 
  The greenette’s nose picked up a scent that was very familiar to him.
 
  “Is that…” 
 
  The hellhound maid lifted the top of the tray and revealed the meal, bringing a smile to his face.
 
  “Katsudon, Master. Your mother’s recipe.”
 
  She served Izuku first, then moved around the table, serving the others, even Ochako, without complaint.
 
  “Bon appetite. Will you be needing anything else from me, Master?”
 
  “Uh, no. Thank you, Kacchan.”
 
  Katsumi bowed. “It is my pleasure to serve you, Master. I will take my leave.”
 
  She turned curtly and walked out of the dining room, and to her other twenty-five starving classmates.
 
  “Bakugo, what about our dinner?”
 
  “You can make it yourself. Dinner is only for De-, I mean, Master and his companions. Now if you’ll excuse me, I must take my leave.”
 
  “What?”
 
  
    “Get the fuck out of my way.”
  
 
  The class parted and let the hellhound through, terrified out of their mind.
 
  Minerva noticed the outfit but wisely said nothing. She didn’t have a death wish.
 
  
    Smutty Time - Exit Now, Small Mights. Chapter ends here.
  
 
  For the rest of the evening, Katsumi obeyed Izuku’s every beck and call. She made him dessert, which was an apple pie that Eri absolutely loved. She fluffed his pillows and made his bed, tucking the sheets perfectly. She was even respectful to Ochako for the evening.
 
  Bedtime came, and the full moon rose over the horizon.
 
  Ochako could feel it starting to affect her, a heat building in her core. Luckily, she had Izuku to help soothe that heat, and Nana would be watching Eri, but there was a bit of a complication.
 
  “Will that be all for the day, Master?”
 
  Katsumi stood at attention, her ears perky and alert. Her tail wagged slightly, and Ochako could sense the unspoken question on her mind.
 
  
    Can I have sex with you, Deku?
  
 
  Izuku honestly didn’t have anything else for her to do, so he opened his mouth to dismiss her.
 
  “Hang on, Deku.”
 
  The greenette turned to his girlfriend, confused.
 
  “Ochako?”
 
  “I think she’s earned a reward, ye get me?” She winked, hoping that Izuku would understand.
 
  Unfortunately, he was dense as a brick and did not understand at all.
 
  “Um, sure I guess. I don’t have anything on me right now…”
 
  Ochako’s face fell and she facepalmed.
 
  “Deku, ye have got to be the most thick-headed lad I have eva’ met.”
 
  “What?”
 
  “Oh mae God, do I really hafta spell it out for ye?”
 
  “I don’t understand.”
 
  “She wants ya tae dick her, Deku. Noow fer fook’s sake, just the two of you, in the room, 
  
    noow.”
  
 
  Izuku and Katsumi obeyed, and Ochako closed and dead-bolted the door, and turned to the pair, clearly angry.
 
  “Ochako-”
 
  “Save it, Deku. Wot ya’re gunna tae do noow is fook yer maid while I watch.”
 
  “What?”
 
  
    “Did I stutter?”
  
 
  “N-No…”
 
  “‘EN WOT THE FOOK ARE YE WATIN’ FER?!”
 
  “Okay, okay!”
 
  Izuku turned to Katsumi and took a breath.
 
  “Kacchan, are you sure you want to do thi-”
 
  “Fucking fuck me, Deku.”
 
  She raised the skirt of her maid outfit to reveal that she had been going commando and the signs of her arousal were obvious. 
 
  Katsumi’s lower lips were puffy and absolutely dripping with her fluids, and the smell that wafted from under the skirt caused Izuku’s pants to tighten.
 
  “Are you gonna keep staring like a pervert or are you going to actually fuck me?”
 
  The hellhound blushed, not used to exposing herself like she currently was.
 
  “Take off your shirt and skirt.”
 
  She obeyed while Izuku stripped down to his boxers, and his eyes lit up when he saw Katsumi’s mostly naked body.
 
  Her breasts weren’t as big as Ochako’s, but she sported a body forged by years of farmwork and training. Her abs were chiseled and her legs were muscular. 
 
  She was wearing thigh-highs, which accompanied her maid outfit and the lace headpiece she still wore. The hellhound got an idea and crawled onto all fours on Izuku’s bed, her tail raised as she presented her glistening slit.
 
  Katsumi looked over her shoulder and grinned, her normal cocky smirk remaining.
 
  “Come tame your hellhound, Deku.”
 
  Izuku pulled off his boxers and exposed his member, the musk surrounding it easily invading Katsumi’s sensitive nose.
 
  He smelled so fertile, which reminded her of something. Before Izuku made it to the bed, she placed a contraceptive seal on her womb to protect against pregnancies, and then she felt it.
 
  Her childhood friend, the boy she loved and had denied that she loved him, was currently resting his member between her asscheeks.
 
  The size of it only made her more eager.
 
  “Deku, don’t tease me. Stick it in…” She whined, looking over her shoulder impatiently.
 
  Izuku chuckled. “But you need a bit more punishment.”
 
  He rubbed his cockhead on her entrance, teasing her relentlessly.
 
  “Deku, enough teasing. Put it in already!”
 
  “I’m sorry, what.”
 
  Katsumi huffed. “Stick your dick in my pussy, please.”
 
  “Alright then. Do you want me to put it in slow or ram-”
 
  “Deku, just shut up and fuck me like the bitch I am.”
 
  Izuku didn’t need to be told twice. He rammed his penis in her vagina all at once, bottoming out and rupturing her hymen in a single thrust. Blood dripped down Katsumi’s legs, and she yelped in pain.
 
  “Kacchan, are you okay?”
 
  “I-I’m fine, just lemme get used to you, okay?”
 
  She felt so full. Her cunt twitched around his member, being shaped by his penis. The head reached the opening of her womb, and she loved every second of it.
 
  “O-Okay, you can fuck me now.”
 
  Izuku nodded and began pistoning his hips, pounding away like there was no tomorrow.
 
  Katsumi’s entire being was under assault from pleasure, and she could already feel her orgasm closing in her her. 
 
  She clamped down on Izuku as she came, juices splashing onto Izuku’s crotch. He took that as an indicator that he was doing well, and continued thrusting into her.
 
  Despite not being a virgin, he could feel his own climax rapidly approaching as he fucked Katsumi doggystyle, her inner walls trying to pull him with every thrust.
 
  “Kacchan, I’m close.”
 
  “Pour your fucking cum inside me. Give it all to me!”
 
  Izuku increased his thrusting as Katsumi rolled her hips back to meet him, and with one last thrust, they came together.
 
  Shot after shot of cum filled Katsumi’s womb, and she howled as she came, her inner walls milking Izuku for every last drop of fertile semen he had.
 
  The strength left Katsumi’s limbs and she flopped to the bed, completely exhausted with a dopey look on her face.
 
  “The Dicku is too good...”
 
  Anything else she said was reduced to incoherent babbling as Izuku pulled out and a glob of his spunk dripped out of the hellhound’s well-fucked pussy.
 
  Izuku only got a second to admire his handiwork before Ochako pushed onto the bed and flipped him over, raising his hips and member, slipping it inside her own slick mound.
 
  “Watchin’ ya reallae made me hornae. Noow I’m gonna fook ye as weel as you fooked Katsumi.
 
  She began moving, raising her hips and slapping them back down against Izuku’s as she fucked him in an Amazon mating press.
 
  Both of them were highly sensitive, and every single movement shot shivers of pleasure through their systems.
 
  Ochako’s movements became more eager, and she felt herself getting close.
 
  “Deku, I’m gunna cum, an’ I wantcha tae pour every drop of baby batter ye hav’ left in yer balls into me.”
 
  He nodded, too overstimulated to answer with words.
 
  The Wooloo brought her hips down and the floodgates opened, spraying Izuku with her juices and milking Izuku for everything he had left.
 
  Heat exploded inside of Ochako’s womb, and they screamed together in pleasure, eyes rolling to the back of their heads.
 
  Ochako collapsed on top of Izuku, and with what little strength he had left, he pulled the covers over himself, his girlfriend, and his maid.
 
  They snuggled into his embrace and fell asleep under the full moon.

  
    Chapter Text
     
  Morning came, and with it, Izuku rose from his slumber to find Ochako and Katsumi missing from his side. It saddened him a bit at first, but he could hardly be upset with the pleasant sensations on his member.
 
  Wait, what?
 
  The greenette’s gaze shifted downwards to the bedcovers and noticed the bump under it. Said bump was located right around his crotch, and he could feel a warm hand wrapped his penis, gently pumping it.
 
  He threw back the covers and was greeted by the site of Ochako and Katsumi pampering his morning wood. The Wooloo was steadily yet gently pumping his length with her hand, her pinky raised to avoid activating her quirk on him. Katsumi had her nose buried in his crotch, inhaling his musk and from the looks of it, getting drunk off the smell.
 
  Ochako didn’t stop pumping and casually waved to Izuku.
 
  “Mornin’, Deku. Katsumi an’ I thought we’d giv’ ye a wee surprise when ye woke up. Does yer dick always stand straight up liek this first thin’ in the morn’?”
 
  Izuku stifled a moan as he nodded, his cheeks growing red as Katsumi began suckling his heavy balls.
 
  “Fucking hell, Deku. You came so much last night and your fucking nuts are still so fucking heavy. Makes sense. I don’t think you’ve ever jacked off a day in your life.”
 
  “I-I haven’t…”
 
  The Scotswoman cocked her head. “Reallae? ‘At must’ve bin torturous, livin’ on a farm with a buncha girls tryin’ tae get intae yer pants, an’ yet ye ne’er beat yer meat?”
 
  “I t-thought it 
  
    ohhh god… 
  
  would b-be impolite 
  
    holy shit Ochako…”
  
 
  She had stopped stroking and taken the head of his penis into her mouth, experimentally moving her head and down his length. She looked up at Izuku to gauge his reaction, and was pleased when she saw Izuku bright red and panting heavily.
 
  Deciding to be a bit bolder, she took even more of his length into her mouth, stopping about halfway when her throat would not allow anymore cock through. Tears came to her eyes as she struggled to breath through her nose, and Katsumi had enough of just passviely suckling Izuku’s balls.
 
  She stood and pushed Izuku back down on the bed, turning and straddling his head. The hellhound pushed her dripping mound onto his face and smirked.
 
  “You fucking dick smells so fucking erotic that it did this to me. Now fucking take responsibility, Deku.”
 
  Izuku muttered a small Itadakimasu under his breath and gingerly licked her mound, sending a shock of pleasure into Katsumi’s core. She moaned loudly and her partner took that as a sign that he was doing something right.
 
  Ochako continued her own ministrations, snaking a hand down to her pussy. She began to finger herself, bobbing up and down Izuku’s length as she pleasured herself.
 
  The greenette moaned, and the vibration simulated Katsumi further, and she began to grind herself against Izuku’s face.
 
  “Just like that, Deku… damn, you’re good, keep using that fucking tongue of yours…”
 
  He obeyed, and Katsumi’s moans increased in both intensity and frequency as she neared the precipice. Izuku began bucking his hips into Ochako’s mouth as he approached his own limit, and the Wooloo’s hand furiously fingered her snatch.
 
  It was when Izuku suckled Katsumi’s clit that the dam broke and the hellhound howled in pleasure, her legs involuntarily squeezing Izuku’s head as he exploded into Ochako’s mouth. Cum flooded into her throat, and she tried to swallow as much as she could.
 
  The taste and amount of Izuku’s spunk sent her over her own peak, and her inner walls clamped down on her fingers.
 
  The trio collapsed together on the bed, panting heavily and blushing.
 
  “When the fuck did you get so good with your tongue, Deku?”
 
  He blushed and turned away.
 
  “I uh, just tried what I could. If you reacted to something positively, I kept doing it, and then you reacted with moans, so it became a feedback loop of pleasure. Which reminds me…”
 
  Izuku turned back to Ochako, who swallowed the last of his load.
 
  “That was amazing, Ochako. Thank you. I’ll return the favor next time.”
 
  She blushed and looked away.
 
  “We should probably get dressed. The rest of our classmates are probably up by now.”
 
  Both Ochako and Katsumi nodded and changed into their clothes, heading out the door with Izuku a few minutes later.
 
  
    Smut’s over - You’re clear, Small Mights!
  
 
  Aizawa sighed as her class took their seats. It was time for one of her least favorite activities of the first week, but it wasn’t like she had a choice.
 
  Shiori looked over to her and nodded, giving some minor support.
 
  The sleep-deprived Medusa shrugged and began her announcement.
 
  “Class, today you’ll be choosing your student representatives.”
 
  The class burst into confused gossip, and Shiori raised her hand to call for silence.
 
  Mina raised her hand.
 
  “Sensei, we’ve only known each other for a few days. How are we supposed to choose our student reps?”
 
  Aizawa shrugged.
 
  “I don’t know and neither do I care. Just do it and try not to make a lot of noise. I have some sleep I need to catch up on.”
 
  She coiled into her basket and closed the lid, trying to ignore the commotion outside.
 
  Unfortunately for the Medusa, the class immediately erupted into improvised campaigns, each and every person trying to get themselves chosen 
  as classas the class
   president. 
 
  “Pick me! If I get elected, we’ll get no homework!”
 
  “No, me! I will work with our teachers to organize events beneficial to learning heroics!”
 
  “Pick me! I’ll make it so that Midoriya can only wear a muscle shirt and booty shorts!”
 
  The class immediately quieted down and looked over at Minerva, who was immediately embarrassed by the glares she was receiving.
 
  “O-Or you could pick someone else… they’re probably a better choice than I am…”
 
  The class resumed their campaigns, and then Eri started crying.
 
  “Papa, they’re scaring me...” she sobbed, clinging to Izuku. 
 
  Nana stepped in from outside the room, dressed in a business suit. 
 
  “Everyone, be silent!”
 
  Her voice was full of authority and demanded attention. The class immediately ceased their loud campaign, and the room was silent barring the quiet sobs of Eri.
 
  “Kid, go comfort Eri in the hall. I’ll deal with these troublemakers.”
 
  Izuku nodded and lifted Eri into a comforting embrace, carrying her out into the hall.”
 
  Nana glared at the class, activating her secret technique: Mom Glare.
 
  Though she had never had the opportunity to raise her daughter like she would’ve wanted due to her death at the hands of 
  
    her, 
  
  she still had been a mother and thus had access to the abilities to discipline the students.
 
  “Seriously?”
 
  The class found themselves washed in guilt, and they looked down at the floor, not wanting to meet Nana’s gaze.
 
  “Ah ah ah, none of that. Look at me while I’m talking to you.”
 
  Twenty-nine pairs of guilty eyes looked up at Nana and she scoffed.
 
  “You all are training to be heroes, right?”
 
  There was a collective nod throughout the class. 
 
  “Then act like it. This isn’t a chance to make yourself more popular or to raise your social status. You are applying for a position that requires leadership skills and analysis, and from what I just saw is, most of you are banking on this position to put yourself on a podium.”
 
  Guilt plunged through the hearts of the class, and Nemuri smiled.
 
  
    Oh, I like her. I wonder if she’d be willing to swap notes.
  
 
  “Honestly, I am so disappointed in all of you.”
 
  That was the final blow. Tears popped into the eyes of every student and they began to sob.
 
  Saiko removed her glasses, wiping the tears from her eyes.
 
  
    What is this power? I feel like I have disappointed my own mother, and yet I have no blood relation to this woman.
  
 
  She looked out to Nana and cried a bit more.
 
  
    Just who is this woman?
  
 
  Nana waited for the icy dagger of guilt of work its magic a bit more before deciding that the class had enough.
 
  “Now, I’m going to get Midoriya, and by the time I get back, the rest of you better have some kind of system to vote.”
 
  She stepped outside and left the class silent.
 
  Nemuri was smiling from ear to ear, and she chuckled evilly.
 
  “I think I just found a new best friend.”
 
  Eri had calmed down, and Izuku was just about to lead her back inside when Nana stepped out of the room, still fuming slightly.
 
  “Honestly, kids these days…”
 
  “Nana, what are you even doing here?”
 
  “I dropped off Eri, and then I realized that she had forgotten this in Principal Nozomi’s office.”
 
  She handed Izuku the ball Eri had thrown during the QATs.
 
  “Oh yeah. She was looking for that. Thanks.” 
 
  Izuku handed the ball to Eri, who took it and held it close. She inspected a certain symbol on it and sniffled it, her nose wrinkling. It smelled of centuries-old anger and resentment, finally soothed by the fathering of two very successful children. 
 
  Eri placed the ball in her bag and looked up to Izuku, who raised an eyebrow at Nana.
 
  “Wait, what were you doing in Principal Nozomi’s office?”
 
  “She let us stay there for the night, and we had a conversation concerning my stay. I’m going to stay in the dorms under the guise of a caretaker you hired for Eri. From what I can tell, she already really likes me, so that’s a plus.”
 
  “Nana, do you know how to take care of children?”
 
  “Not as well as I would’ve hoped, but I know enough. You should probably get back to class. I’ll take Eri for a walk around campus.”
 
  “Thank you.”
 
  “No problem, kid. Now get in there and get your education.”
 
  “R-right!”
 
  Izuku stepped inside the room, where Shiori was handing out slips of 
  paper ballotspaper as ballots
  .
 
  “Ah, Midoriya. Please, take your seat. We were just about to start our election for student representatives.”
 
  He took his seat, and gave his vote for student rep based on initial observations.
 
  Around five minutes later Shiori collected the ballots and Nemuri tallied them up, and the results were announced.
 
  “Surprisingly, we have both a tie for Class Rep and Vice Rep. Midoriya and Yaoyorozu, you have tied for class rep, while Intelli and Kendo have tied for vice rep.”
 
  Nemuri turned to Shiroi with an idea.
 
  “Kan, there’s no rule saying that we can’t have two class reps and two vice reps, is there?”
 
  The Dhampir paused.
 
  “No, actually. Kayama, you’re a genius!”
 
  “I try my best.”
 
  Aizawa poked her head out of her basket.
 
  “So my understanding of the situation is that Midoriya and Yaoyorozu are our class reps, and Intelli and Kendo are our vice reps?”
 
  “That’s right, Shiko.”
 
  Aizawa shrugged.
 
  “Not the craziest thing I’ve seen in my time teaching. Anyway, art class is next, and then you all are free for lunch.”
 
  She closed the basket and rolled out of the room, eager to get some sleep.
 
  “Oh, and after lunch, get changed into your hero outfits and meet us outside. We’re going on a field trip.”
 
  Shiroi added, following her coworker out.
 
  Nemuri turned to the class and licked her lips seductively. 
 
  “Now, if you recall from yesterday, we were debating the usefulness of capes in hero costumes…”

  
  

  The bell rang, and Izuku sighed in relief.
 
  “That’s the bell, class. I will see you all outside after lunch. Don’t be late or we’ll leave without you.”
 
  She walked out of the classroom swaying her hips, and the rest of the class left after her, eager to fill their empty stomachs.
 
  “I ne’er reallae saw the use of a cape. It gets in yer way when yer tryin’ to do normal hero things an’ it more likelae to be a problem in mae opinion.”
 
  “For once, we agree on something, Round Face.”
 
  “Did tae Earth jist stop?”
 
  “Oh, shut it.”
 
  “Papa!” 
 
  Eri waved from a table with Nana, who waved as well.
 
  “Come sit over here!”
 
  “I will, Eri. I just have to get my lunch first.”
 
  “Ok, Papa.”
 
  He proceeded down the lunch line and sat with Eri. Ochako, Katsumi, Mina, Eiko, Tomoyo, and Tsuyu sat with him, and watched as he drew with Eri.
 
  “Papa look! I drew us!”
 
  She handed him a crayon drawing with Eri and himself featured as the centerpiece. He was a crudely drawn green stick figure, and Eri’s blue self-portrait wasn’t much better either.
 
  He smiled, and tears came to his face, streaming down his cheeks.
 
  “Papa, what’s wrong?”
 
  Izuku blinked and pulled Eri into a hug, kissing her forehead and running his hand through her hair.
 
  “Did I ever tell you how proud I am of you, Eri?”
 
  “No…?”
 
  “Well, let me correct that.”
 
  He held Eri close and cradled her.
 
  “I am so proud of you, Eri.”
 
  The young Xeno’jiva teared up and hugged her father tightly, crying happy tears.
 
  “I love you, Papa!”
 
  “I love you too, Eri.”
 
  The rest of the table cooed at the show of adorableness between the two, and they ate their lunch. Small talk exchanged the table, and Izuku couldn’t shake the feeling that he knew about Tomoyo’s family.
 
  “Iida, where have I heard that name before? Wait a second… Iida, aren’t you from a famous hero family?”
 
  The bluenette Valkyrie smiled proudly. “That’s right! My family has passed the name Ingenium on for generations!”
 
  “Wow, that’s so cool! Your family must be very proud of you to be at U.A.-”
 
  Suddenly, alarms went off and the students in the lunchroom began to panic, heading towards the exit en masse. Tomoyo grabbed one of the fleeing students’ arms.
 
  “What do those alarms mean?!”
 
  “Those alarms mean that a villain has breached the perimeter and that we all need to get to the evacuation shelter!”
 
  Tomoyo let go of the student and gestured to her tablemates.
 
  “Come on! We have to get to the shelters-
  
    uahhh!”
  
 
  “Papa!”
 
  “Eri!”
 
  The group was swept away by the stampede of students, and Nana scooped up Eri and placed her on her shoulders.
 
  “Easy, little one. I’ve got you. Hold on…”
 
  Nana activated her quirk and floated above the panicking crowd, scanning for Izuku. She caught sight of his bushy green hair and swooped in, lifting him from the ground.
 
  “Whoa! Nana?!”
 
  “Heya, kid.”
 
  “Papa!”
 
  “Oh thank god. You got Eri. Let’s get out of the way of all this…’
 
  Nana floated over to the windows and touched down near them, doing a quick field checkup on Izuku and Eri.
 
  “Nothing seems broken, so that’s fine. We should probably get to the evacuation shelters.”
 
  “Ow!”
 
  Momo crashed into the window next to Izuku, her face squished up against the glass as she looked outside.
 
  Izuku followed her gaze and groaned, realizing why the alarm had gone off in the first place.
 
  “The media? Seriously? That’s what triggered the alarms?”
 
  Momo stood and straightened her outfit, summoning her staff to her from across the room.
 
  “Insatiable devourers, all of them. They are most likely here for you, Midoriya.”
 
  “Because I’m the first man U.A. has ever accepted?”
 
  “Indeed. I imagine they thought it was perfectly acceptable to enter unannounced and invade our personal lives. Have they not heard of respecting another person’s privacy?”
 
  She scoffed.
 
  “Regardless, we need to calm our fellow students. Midoriya, would you please give me a boost?”
 
  “Sure.”
 
  He helped Momo onto his shoulders and held her steady has she created a megaphone.
 
  “Everyone, STOP!”
 
  The other students stopped stampeding and looked over at Momo, who glared at them before continuing.
 
  “THE SUPPOSED VILLAIN ATTACK IS NOTHING MORE THAN REPORTERS TRESPASSING. AND I KNOW FOR A FACT THAT U.A. STUDENTS DO NOT ACT LIKE THIS IN A PANIC! WE ARE TRAINING TO BE HEROES AND THOSE WHO SUPPORT HEROES! THOSE THAT DO NOT RUN IN THE FACE OF DANGER, BUT RATHER STAND AND STARE IT DEAD IN THE FACE. WE ARE U.A., AND WE DO NOT RUN LIKE PANICKING BIRDS! SO STAND AND SHOW THAT YOU ARE NOT AFRAID! HOLD YOUR GROUND AND LOOK THE LION IN THE EYES! GO BEYOND!”
 
  “PLUS ULTRA!” The crowd yelled back, their minds calmed by Momo. The stampede ceased, and seconds later, an announcement came over the loudspeaker explaining what the Dark Mage had before.
 
  Everyone congratulated Momo and Izuku on their quick thinking, and the hero course headed to their bus, eager for their field trip.

  
  

  “I don’t understand, Maijima. You said this door was impossible to break down.”
 
  “It is! And it wasn’t broken down, Aizawa! It looks like it was aged to the point where it rusted away into nothing!”
 
  “Whatever did it, it doesn’t look like they took anything important.”
 
  Nemuri stepped in with Nozomi, who looked deep in thought.
 
  “What do you think, Principal?”
 
  She sighed and looking at the security gate, which had been reduced to rust.
 
  “I think that whoever did this, they did it as a declaration of war.”

  
    Chapter Text
    
  
    “So, how’s the hero course this year, Nemuri?”
  
 
  “This year we didn’t have enough candidates for the hero course so we ended up merging the two classes together. Thirty students, can you believe that?”
 
  
    “Sounds like a bit of a hassle. Wait, aren’t you also teaching a man this year?”
  
 
  “Yeah, but I can’t give you his name because that would break confidentiality laws. However, the Sports Festival in about three weeks, so you can get a peek at him then.”
 
  
    “I’ll be waiting. Tell me, does he at least look handsome?”
  
 
  “That would spoil the surprise, Yu. I have to go, they’re loading up the bus for the field trip at the USJ.”
 
  
    “Have fun! Love you, Nemuri!”
  
 
  “Love you too, Yu. Bye.”
 
  Nemuri hung up the phone, gazing at her phone wallpaper before she put it always.
 
  “Right, everyone on! It’s about an hour drive there, so I hope you all already used the toilet!”
 
  “Wait!”
 
  Nemuri turned to the source of the voice with an eyebrow raised.
 
  Mei dashed out of the building, carrying a package as Bastion raced after her, letting out distressed beeps. Izuku looked over in her direction, an inquisitive look on his face.
 
  “Mei? What are you doing here?”
 
  She screeched to a halt in front of him and panted, taking a breather before shooting straight up to face Izuku.
 
  “I have a new baby to give you!”
 
  “Now?”
 
  “Yeah! I was going to give it to you sooner, but I ran into some complications. Give me like two seconds…”
 
  She placed the package on the ground and threw off the top, extracting what appeared to be a metal spine-like construct.
 
  “Turn around and hold up your bunny hood, please.”
 
  “Okay…”
 
  He turned and Mei stood on her tiptoes, centering the metal spine onto the center of his upper back and pushing forward. The construct latched into his back, adjusting itself until it was properly aligned and activating itself.
 
  A blue light filled up the column over the spine, reaching the base of Izuku’s neck. While it seemed heavy at first, Izuku found its weight minimal. 
 
  “Mei, what exactly is this?”
 
  “I call it the Resource Integration Gear, or RIG for short. It’s still getting tweaked, and I have a lot of idea including holographic displays and metal ribbing for extra protection, but that’s basically it. Wait, hold on…”
 
  Mei dug into the pack again and pulled out a metal circle, which she set on the ground and pressed a button. The circle rose, forming into a tube that was big enough to completely surround Izuku.
 
  “Step into here real quick.”
 
  “Uh, Mei, I have to get going.”
 
  “Well the sooner you get in here and get your suit upgraded, the sooner you can leave!”
 
  Izuku looked over to his teachers for help, but Aizawa was asleep, Shiori was too busy glaring Monoma into submission, and Nemuri just shrugged.
 
  “If it’s a quick upgrade, I don’t really see a problem.”
 
  
    Sensei, why?
  
 
  “You heard her, Zuku! Into the upgrade tube!”
 
  She gently shoved him into the tube and he turned around, not sure what was going to happen.
 
  “Uh, what’s going to happen?”
 
  “Well, you’ll get locked to the side of the tube via your RIG, and it should just complete the process on its own. It was a bit buggy the last time I tested it, but you’ll be fine.”
 
  “Define ‘buggy.’”
 
  “Sometimes it thought the face of the dummy was the helmet and it decided to add more armor there. I fixed it in the next patch. I think.”
 
  “Mei, that doesn’t exactly fill me with-”
 
  The tube locked him into place and sealed its opening, a light traveling from the top of the metal cylinder to the bottom. After a few seconds, the doors opened and Izuku stepped out, his head encased in a green-plated helmet that glowed with blue view slits. It folded into itself, retracting to reveal Izuku’s flustered face.
 
  Ribbed silver plating was applied to his chest and upper midsection, and his gauntlets sported the same material, which was light yet strong. The overall design of the suit hadn’t changed much, but it looked great.
 
  “Mei, please give me some warning next time you want to upgrade my suit.”
 
  “Sure! Now, I’m able to remotely monitor and track your RIG, but until I work out the new couple of kinks, it’s gonna stay as-is. Have fun on your trip, Zuku! Love you!”
 
  She powered down the upgrade tube and dashed off, leaving Bastion beeping in distress, most likely telling Mei to slow down.
 
  “Love you too…”
 
  He took a few moments to process what he said, and spun around to face Ochako and Katsumi’s jealous faces.
 
  “Deku, is there something you want to tell us?”
 
  “I s-said that out of r-reflex, I-I swear!”
 
  “Alright, ya crazy kids. Onto the bus. Luckily, that upgrade of yours didn’t take as long as I thought it would. All aboard!”
 
  The class boarded the bus and dived into conversation, Tsuyu curiously gazing at Izuku and Eri as the young girl sat on his lap. 
 
  “Say, Midoriya, what’s the story behind you and Eri, kero?”
 
  Izuku looked down at Eri, who peered up at him.
 
  “Well, I was out shopping with Ochako and Miruko, who is actually a good friend of mine.”
 
  Doi’s jaw dropped. “No way! You’re friends with Miruko?!”
 
  
    More than just friends at this point…
  
 
  “Yeah. She worked on the farm I grew up on before she became a hero, but that’s another story. Anyway, there was a villain attack, and Miruko told Ochako and I to stay put. We were too curious to listen to her, so we ran to the source of the attack. Eri was a hostage in the attack, and before we knew what we were doing, we had charged out to confront the villain. Ochako rolled into a giant ball to stun the villain, which gave me enough time to grab Eri and turn to run, but the villain was too fast.”
 
  Izuku looked down at his daughter, noting her blue-tipped hair and horns, and the faint blue glow that radiated from her body.
 
  “Eri saved our lives by lasering the villain. She was a slime, so it didn’t do any lasting damage, but she still saved us. We took her to the police station afterward, and one thing led to another, and I’m her father now.”
 
  Tsuyu gazed at the duo, noting just how protective and caring Izuku was of Eri, and she smiled to herself.
 
  
    Perfect husband material, kero. I wonder if Uraraka-chan and Bakugo-chan would be willing to share?
  
 
  Mina paused and turned to Nemuri, her face curious.
 
  “Sensei, where are we even going?”
 
  Nemuri quickly closed her phone, her face still flushed from the rather provocative picture Yu had sent of her herself dressed in nothing but her golden veil.
 
  God, she loved that woman. Yu was shameless and the Lilim loved every second of it. 
 
  “Uh, right. We never did tell you where we were going, did we?”
 
  “Nope!”
 
  “Well, we’re going to the USJ.”
 
  Doi’s jaw dropped again.
 
  “Universal Studios Japan?!”
 
  Her tail wagged in excitement, and Camie squealed in the back.
 
  “Oh my god, we’re going to Universal Studios Japan?! I didn’t bring my swimsuit! And I don’t really think that this outfit is the best for a public park!”
 
  Yui gave her a deadpan stare.
 
  “You finally used your brain.”
 
  “Kodai, what’s that supposed to mean?!”
 
  “I believe that what Kodai is attempting to convey is that you have utilized your mind for other activities than the furthering of your own vanity.” Reiko offered, her gaze blank.
 
  “What?”
 
  “Basically, Yanagi said ‘I think Kodai is trying to say that it’s about time you used your brain for something besides your Instagram likes.’ Do I need to reiterate Aizawa-sensei’s point, Utsushimi?”
 
  Saiko pushed up her glasses, giving Camie a frank look.
 
  “N-No.”
 
  “Good. Now, I believe Kayama-sensei will inform us of our destination.”
 
  “Thank you, Intelli. Now, before you all departed on your wild goose chase, I was going to tell you that no, we are not going to Universal Studios Japan. Honestly, do you all think you’ve earned a trip like that yet?”
 
  She waited for a few seconds with a questioning look on her face. Camie, Hana, and Doi shut up and looked down, ashamed.
 
  “We’re going to the Unforeseen Simulation Joint. Good god, do you all still think that being a hero is just an excuse for being a celebrity?”
 
  She sighed and went back to her phone, her face turning bright scarlet after Yu sent another photo.
 
  Izuku looked over at Ochako, and finally noticed that she had a sword with a shield strapped to it on her lap.
 
  “Ochako, where did you get that sword from.”
 
  “Wot?”
 
  She looked down at the dark grey sword, which had a blade tipped with red and yellow slashes. The shield was the same grey as the sword, bordered with dull gold and was decorated with swirls, and Izuku’s eyes shot open.
 
  “Is that an Aegislash?”
 
  Ochako nodded, pride evident in her smile.
 
  “Yep! This is mae ancestor, Jack! Ye might knoow ‘im as ‘Mad Jack’ from th’ history books.”
 
  “Wait, Mad Jack?”
 
  “Yeah.”
 
  “As in the Scottish man who fought in World War II with nothing but a longbow and a broadsword?”
 
  “Aye, ‘at woold be me, laddie. Are ye th’ Izuku mae great-times-a-billion granddaughter tells me so much aboot?”
 
  “Yes, sir.”
 
  The Aegislash floated out of Ochako’s lap and turned his gaze at Izuku, his singular eye piercing the greenette’s soul.
 
  “Ye’ve got manners. I liek ‘at. So manae lack basic manners these days, ye knoow that?”
 
  “Jack!”
 
  The Aegislash chuckled and ignored Izuku
 
  “Anywae, I see ye have a sword of yer own. Treat it well, and it may save yer life more ‘en once.”
 
  “Yes, sir.”
 
  Mad Jack made a sound that could be interpreted as a yawn and floated back into Ochako’s lap, his eye drooping.
 
  “Wake me up when ye need me, lass.”
 
  He fell asleep, and Izuku grew a bit jealous, wishing that he could rest his head in Ochako’s lap. 
 
  The greenette felt his phone vibrate, and he pulled it out to see that Rumi was calling him. He shifted his grasp on Eri to take the call and answered.
 
  “Hello?”
 
  
    “Hey, Izuku. How are you?”
  
 
  “I’m well. Actually, I’m on a field trip to the Unforeseen Simulation Joint.”
 
  
    “Oh, that place is actually really fun. It might seem boring at first, using your quirks for rescue instead of being some knucklehead’s shit in, but it’s actually quite engaging.”
  
 
  “Really?”
 
  
    “Yeah. Sounds weird coming from me, doesn’t it?”
  
 
  “Honestly, I think I’d be lying if I said no.”
 
  
    “Thought so. Anyway, the Sports Festival is in about three weeks, I think. I talked to Nozomi, and I managed to get Moe and myself as external trainers to help train your class.”
  
 
  “...this is just an excuse fo you to stay longer than a weekend at UA, isn’t it?”
 
  
    “Maybe.”
  
 
  “...”
 
  
    “Ok yes. You and Ochako have only been gone for three days and I’m already missing our threesomes.”
  
 
  “I miss you too, Rumi. I may not have the sex drive that you do, honestly, it’s kinda sad to wake up and you not be in bed with me.”
 
  
    “...the second you two graduate from that school, I’m dragging your asses to the altar and marrying you both.”
  
 
  “Is that a threat?”
 
  
    “Izuku, you know me. Of course it is. And it’s a promise.”
  
 
  “Right. Also, about Ochako and I, um, you remember Katsumi, right?”
 
  
    “Your hellhound friend that growled at literally anyone that dared approach you that she didn’t know or like?”
  
 
  “Yes.”
 
  
    “She finally with you now?”
  
 
  “Yeah.”
 
  Rumi sighed on the other end of the phone.
 
  
    “Well, call me during lunch, okay? I wanna talk to Eri, see how’s she doing.”
  
 
  “You can talk with her now if you want.”
 
  
    “Can’t. I’m going on patrol. Give Ochako my love. Love you.”
  
 
  “Love you too, Rumi. Bye.”
 
  Izuku hung up the phone, putting it away as the rest of the bus looked at him in shock.
 
  The greenette finally realized the silence and looked up, confused.
 
  “What? Is there something on my face?”
 
  Doi blinked, and then spat out the question on everyone’s mind.
 
  “You’re dating Miruko?!”
 
  Izuku nodded hesitantly.
 
  “Y-Yeah.”
 
  He shifted, the air awkward around the class.
 
  “Is there a problem or something? I’m not sure why you are all staring at me.”
 
  The bus stopped, and Aizawa poked her head out of her basket.
 
  “Oh. We’re here.”
 
  She closed the basket lid and rolled down the stairs out onto the parking lot, where she waited for the rest of the class, Nana and Eri included, to exit the bus.
 
  Aizawa exited her basket and placed it back on the bus, facing her students with Shiori and Nemuri at her side.
 
  “This is the Unforeseen Simulation Joint. Here, you will be training to use your quirks in situations that involve rescue rather than combat. The hero in charge can better explain what you’ll be doing here. Come on.”
 
  The tired Medusa lead her class into the building, where six zones encircled a central plaza.
 
  A Living Armor Mamono, or rather, Living Spacesuit, in this case, waved to the class from the entryway.
 
  Ochako and Izuku’s eyes sparkled excitedly, and Nana grinned.
 
  “Oh mae God it’s-”
 
  “-the Space Hero: Thirteen!”
 
  Eri backed away from her father and Ochako, hiding behind Nana’s leg.
 
  “Miss Nana?”
 
  “Yes, Eri?”
 
  “Why are Miss Raka and Papa sparking like the French Fairy?”
 
  “They’re excited.”
 
  “Oh.”
 
  Eri paused.
 
  “...do I sparkle when I get excited?”
 
  Nana burst into giggles, unable to contain her laughter/
 
  “What’s so funny?”
 
  The seventh wielder of the Monado chuckled, brushing a tear from her eye. 
 
  “You’ll understand when you’re older.”
 
  Thirteen waved again, then brandished to the building behind her.
 
  “Welcome to the Unforeseen Simulation Joint, where any disaster that nature can throw at us, we simulate here. Now, before we begin, how many of you like using your quirks?”
 
  The class all raised their hands, including Nana and Eri.
 
  “I see. You can put your hands down. Now, I know you all are excited about quirks, so let me tell you about mine. My quirk is called Black Hole, and it allows me to suck up anything and turn it into dust.”
 
  The class murmured about how cool that was.
 
  “It’s pretty useful for removing debris. Now, here’s the thing. I can just as easily reduce a person to dust.”
 
  The class’s smile fell.
 
  “Not so cool now, is it?”
 
  Silence greeted her.
 
  “Just remember, quirks are dangerous, and you should be very careful when using them. Now, let’s begin by splitting into-”
 
  The lights flickered and went out, sending a brief wave of panic through the class.
 
  A purple vortex opened in the central vortex, and several Mamono stepped out.
 
  Orcs, Mersharks, Lamia, Arachne… all Mamono seeking to cause trouble.
 
  Finally, a Manticore clad in hands stepped out of the vortex, followed by Kurogiri and a giant abomination of a Mamono.
 
  “Sensei, is this part of the exercise?”
 
  Aizawa and Shiori were already placing themselves in between the danger and the students.
 
  “Those are actual villains. Class, stay here. Thirteen, Kayama, keep the kids safe.”
 
  The Medusa and Dhampir charged the villains, beating them back as the class began to panic and call for help, only to find that all communications were jammed.
 
  The Manticore in the center scratched her neck impatiently.
 
  “Kurogiri, you think if we kill some hero students, All-Might will show up and then we can kill her?”
 
  “Most likely, Shigaraki.”
 
  “You mind dealing with the heroes protecting the students?”
 
  “Not at all.”
 
  The Dark Matter teleported herself in front of the class, preparing her standard villain monologue. She had been practicing for weeks now, trying to get it to be just right.
 
  “Hello, children. We are the League of Villai-”
 
  Her gaze locked onto a familiar mop of green hair, and her monologue shattered.
 
  “Oh, 
  
    shit.”
  

  
    Chapter Text
    
  Well, this was certainly awkward.
 
  Kurogiri stunned speechless, just standing there awkwardly as she gazed at the class.
 
  Why was he here? Of all the places for the object of her desires to be, why did he have to be at the USJ right now?!
 
  Katsumi growled, crackling her palms and folding her ears back. 
 
  “I couldn’t less of a fuck about who you are or what you’re doing here, you smokey bitch! Now 
  
    DIE!”
  
 
  “Kacchan, no!”
 
  “
  
    Kacchan, YES!”
  
 
  She leapt forward with a feral snarl, ignoring Izuku’s cries for her to stop. Tetsutetsu leaped forward to beat the Dark Matter into submission, and Kurogiri opened a portal out of reflex, sending the two girls somewhere in the USJ.
 
  The rest of the class stared in shock as the portal closed, and Kurogiri panicked more.
 
  “Wait wait wait-”
 
  “GET HER!” Doi screamed, leading the charge towards the villain with Kyoka, Momo, Itsuka, and Saiko.
 
  “Please stop! I can bring them back!”
 
  Kurogiri’s pleas fell on deaf ears as the rest of the class charged her, Eri clinging to Izuku’s back and unleashing a battle cry.
 
  The Dark Matter screamed and blindly opened portals, transporting most of the class to other parts of the USJ. 
 
  She finally stopped and carefully opened one of her eyes.
 
  He was gone. 
 
  “Oh fuck.”
 
  Ochako was hyperventilating, leaning on Mai. The Kraken used two of her arms to hold up the Wooloo, trying to keep her calm.
 
  But too little, too late.
 
  The Scottish-Japanese Wooloo drew Jack from her back and glared at the dark matter, slipping Jack’s shield onto her left arm.
 
  “I’m gonnae shove Jack so fer up yer arse ye’ll be tastin’ wot ye had for dinner a week ago. 
  What'dya think of that Miss penguin-cosplayin’, smog-faced, Slipper wieldin’, clype deep bachle, gather upin’ blate maw, blethering gomeril Jessie! Ya’ Oaf-lookin' schtooner, Nyaff plookie shan, Milk-drinkin’ Grape-face shilpit, Mim-moothed, sniveling worm-eyed hotten blaugh, vile stoochie, cally-breek tattie!”
 
  Kurogiri blinked.
 
  “What?”
 
  “IMMA FOOKIN’ RIP OOT YER INTESTINES AN’ FEED ‘EM TAE YE, ‘AT’S WOT!”
 
  The Dark Matter gulped.
 
  “Oh sweet Jesus.”
 
  Ochako screamed with the collective anger of her Scottish heritage, charging forward to slice Kurogiri in two.

  
  

   Izuku was falling, he wasn’t sure where, but he knew that he was.
 
  “Papa, I can’t hold on-”
 
  He felt Eri’s grasp on him loosen and fall away, and he twisted around to grab Eri’s outstretched hand.
 
  
    “PAAAPAAAA!!!!”
  
 
  
    “ERI!”
  
 
  She moved out of his reach, spiraling out of control, and then her wings erupted from her shoulders.
 
  Pale blue webbing caught the air, and Eri flapped her wings out of instinct, stabilizing into a mostly control glide.
 
  It was the most beautiful sight he had ever seen. Eri flying majestically above him, her wings white and pale blue and her face of wonder as she started falling with style.
 
  It was too bad he wouldn’t live to see her learn to fly on her own.
 
  He looked over to his right, seeing Eiko and Tsuyu angle themselves to dive headfirst into water, and he felt himself being turned to face the ground.
 
  Izuku’s eyes shot open. He was falling towards water, and it was approaching fast. He wasn’t an aquatic Mamono, so he didn’t have the adaptions to safely land in the water without injuring himself.
 
  Suddenly, something gathered around his chest and slowed his descent, like a parachute. He looked down to see pink slime secured around his chest.
 
  “Mina?”
 
  “Jesus, Midori! You’re heavy!”
 
  “Maybe I’ll get on a diet when we get out of here!”
 
  “You better! Now I’m going to try and get us to land on that boat over there, hang on!”
 
  She glided over to the boat and allowed Izuku to land on it, collapsing into a blob and reforming herself, hero suit and all.
 
  “That actually wasn’t that bad. We should do that again sometime!”
 
  Izuku was too busy trying to make Eri glided safely into his arms.
 
  “Eri! Over here!”
 
  She saw her father waving from the boat and glided over to him, coming in for a sudden landing in Izuku’s arms.
 
  “Papa…”
 
  Eri sobbed into his embrace, her wings folding up shrinking back into her shoulders. Izuku comforted Eri, holding her tight in his arms.
 
  “Hey, it’s okay now. Papa’s here.”
 
  She continued crying, and Mina scanned the surrounding area.
 
  It looked like the villains that had come to the Flood zone had been the ones that were closest, rather than the ones most suited for the job. There were no aquatic Mamono, leaving them with villains that were currently swimming to their position.
 
  “Uh, Midori?”
 
  “Yeah?”
 
  “We have a bit of a problem.”
 
  The slime pointed at the horde of Orcs that were currently heading towards them on a makeshift boat that certainly did not look seaworthy at all. It was a crude work of craftsmanship, sheets of metal just thrown together in a chaotic fashion with no rhyme or reason to create something that at best kinda
  
     looked
  
   like a boat.
 
  Izuku’s face grew pale.
 
  “Oh no.”
 
  Mina looked over at him, confused.
 
  “While I get the oh no in terms of ‘there are villains coming to kill us,’ I’ve never seen you get this pale when Orcs are concerned.”
 
  The greenette turned to Mina with a look of terror on his face.
 
  “Mina, those are Warhammer Orkz.”
 
  If Mina had a digestive system that didn’t consist of completely dissolving everything she ate, she would’ve most definitely shit her pants.
 
  “Oh no.”
 
  She tried to control her breathing, then remembered that she was a slime and breathed through her skin. Or rather, her slime.
 
  Slime anatomy is so simple, yet so complicated.
 
  Anyway, she turned to Izuku and began panicking.
 
  “Midori, please tell me that there’s a specific rule that they have about boats.”
 
  “Well, they don’t know how to swim, but their boats are indestructible because they say they are.”
 
  “That doesn’t help us, Midori!”
 
  “However, should they observe a shark, the Orkz will immediately flee in fear, because a shark can bite through their boats like nothing.”
 
  “Kiri!”
 
  “Exactly. We don’t have a way to communicate with her, but I suspect that she’ll pop up eventually.”
 
  A splash of water got their attention, and Tsuyu climbed onto the boat. 
 
  “Warhammer Orkz, kero?”
 
  “Yeah.”
 
  One of the green brutes took a megaphone out of nowhere and spoke into it.
 
  “OI, ‘UMIEZ! WE IZ KUMIN’ TO TAEK YA BOAT! AN’ YE LIVEZ!”
 
  The rest of the Orkz chortled, full of themselves.
 
  “WAAAARRRGGGGHHH!!!”
 
  That is, until one of them noticed a grey fin poking out from the water’s surface.
 
  “Um, boz?”
 
  “Wot iz it?”
 
  The ork pointed a single green finger at the fin, clearly terrified out of her mind.
 
  “Der’s a shark.”
 
  The head orkz panicked, immediately bellowing to the other orks to turn the boat around because there was a shark and they needed to get out of the water. The orkz immediately turned the boat around and rowed it to the shore and onto the beach, still rowing in panic through the wall of the USJ.
 
  Eiko pulled herself onto the boat and frowned.
 
  “What just happened?”

  
  

  Kyoka swore under her breath. When she, Doi, Momo, Saiko, and Itsuka had been deposited in the Ruins zone, the idiot Zinogre had immediately discharged and taken out a large amount of the villains that had descended on them, but the electric attack had rendered Doi to a bumbling idiot and left the other four girls to fend for themselves.
 
  Momo had been chanting for a good minute now, trying to conjure a portal that would warp them back to the central plaza, but they were running out of time.
 
  A villain with a ranged attack clipped Saiko in the arm, bringing her offensive capabilities down to almost nothing. Itsuka was trying her best to fight off the other villains trying to snatch up Doi, but there was only so much she could do.
 
  That left Kyoka without any other option. She had to protect her friends, even if it meant that she died for them.
 
  “Fuck it.”
 
  She kicked back another villain that got too close, and allowed her more feral side to show.
 
  Kyoka’s figure elongated, her blade-like tail thickening and lengthening, her entire body coming covered with scales. 
 
  The tip of her nose turned bright red and split into a v shape, while the two extra bones appeared from her arms, webbing connecting them and forming wings.
 
  Her fingers hardened and sharped, becoming claws, and the transformation was complete.
 
  Kyoka screeched, drawing all attention to her as the villain began to panic.
 
  “Yo, that handsy woman didn’t tell us there’d be a fucking Noivern! Run!”
 
  The Noivern let out a screech and amplified it, creating a massive shockwave that sent the villains flying back. She charged forwards into the fray and swiped and slashed at anyone in reach with her claws; she may not have had enough room to fly, but that still didn’t mean she wasn’t dangerous.
 
  Eventually, the villains got smart and began staying out of her range while peppering Kyoka with their own attacks. The Noivern decided she had had enough, and planted herself, gathering her breath.
 
  About half of the villains realized what was about to happen and immediately began to turn and run, much to the chagrin of the other half that didn’t know.
 
  “Yo, why are you running?”
 
  “She’s about to use Boomburst!”
 
  No sooner had the warning been given, though, than a massive wave of sound exploded forth from Kyoka’s jaws, blowing all the villains back and carving a deep trench into the ground in front of her that only stopped when it met the side of the building, slamming into the wall with enough force to make a massive dent before finally dissipating. 
 
  Momo finished her incantation and opened the portal, ushering her classmates through it.
 
  “Jirou, the portal is open! Come on!”
 
  Kyoka turned and nodded quickly as she shrank back into herself, dashing forward and following Momo through the portal she had created as Itsuka and Saiko pulled Doi through.
 
  They arrived at the entrance to find Kurogiri barely avoiding Jack and summoning portals to move the blade so that he didn’t accidentally hurt anyone.
 
  “YE BRIN’ DEKU BACK ‘ERE RITE THIS INSTANT!”
 
  Ochako’s eyes were burning with a fury unlike any that Kurogiri had ever seen in her life.
 
  “Ma’am, please-”
 
  “BRING ‘IM BACK!”
 
  Thirteen turned to Tomoyo, her expression grave.
 
  “Iida, you need to go get help.”
 
  “But-”
 
  “No buts! No one knows that we’re in trouble here, and you’re the only one that can make it there in time! GO!”
 
  Tomoyo grit her teeth but nodded, running over to the main entrance in an attempt to get the doors open. 
 
  “BRIN’ ‘IM BACK!”
 
  Ochako swung the sword again, nearly missing Kurogiri’s face. She saw Tomoyo out of the corner of her eye and opened a portal, meaning to stop the sword point that was currently heading for her shoulder.
 
  Unfortunately, her attention was split, and she opened a portal under Tomoyo’s feet than sent her tumbling to the parking lot outside. 
 
  The Valkyrie blinked but chose not to question it and zoomed away, seeking to get help.
 
  Jack’s point buried itself in Kurogiri’s shoulder, and she screamed in pain.

  
  

  Shoko finished blasting another villain with her fire, driving them back. Behind her, Tooru was busy tricking other villains into fighting each other while Minerva and Yui hurled things at the villains. Their team effort made quick work of the villains.
 
  The Kitsune and Automaton made curt nods to each other and headed to the central plaza, where Tooru and Minerva followed.
 
  The grape-haired Hobgoblin was currently having a crisis. She knew that she wanted to be comforted by Midoriya in the face of the trauma she had faced, but he wouldn’t go near her if she continued to act in the way that she had been.
 
  
    Maybe I should be less of a pervert…
  

  
  

  Tokoyami, Reiko, Setsuna, and Reiko finished their business in the Windstorm zone, giving each other curt nods as Camie pouted.
 
  She was upset about what the wind had done to her hair, but that was besides the point.
 
  The four of them headed back to the plaza, where the rest of their classmates were most likely heading.

  
  

  “THIS IS A LOAD OF FUCKING BULLSHIT!”
 
  Katsumi beat another villain into submission, growling furiously at anything that dared get close to her.
 
  “IF I GO BACK TO THE ENTRANCE AND DEKU IS HURT, EACH AND EVERY ONE OF YOU IS GONNA DIE 
  
    SCREAMING!
  
  ”
 
  Tetsutetsu watched in shock as the Hellhound tore her way through an entire wave of villains by herself. She sweatdropped, concerned for her classmate’s health.
 
  
    All that anger can’t be good for her…
  
 
  “CHROME DOME, ARE YOU COMING OR WHAT?!”
 
  “Oh, coming!”
 
  She ran after Katsumi as quick as she could, not wanting to be left behind.

  
  

  Aizawa was getting tired, and by the looks of it, so was Shiori. Her blood was starting to run thin, and she panted heavily as if she had just run a marathon; still, they couldn’t quit now, they had a job to do
 
  The good news was that there were no more goons for them to handle, so that only left the ringleader. Gathering their strength, the two pros charged, hoping to mask their own fatigue as best they could.
 
  Aizawa slithered over to Shigaraki with a sudden surge of speed, faster than the Manticore had thought was possible for someone without any legs.
 
  “Nomu!” She shouted, trying to make her voice seem less like she was thrown for a loop.
 
  Thankfully, the abomination quickly fixed that as it appeared as if out of thin air and grabbed the Medusa by her tail, throwing her aside like nothing and pinning her to the ground beneath one massive foot.
 
  “SHIKO!”
 
  Shigaraki turned her head to Shiori and cackled.
 
  “Would you like to join your friend on the ground, hero?”
 
  Shiori bared her fangs.
 
  “Nomu.”
 
  The obsidian titan seemed to vanish in a blur of movement as it received its order, only for a giant fist the size of a manhole cover to collide with the Dhampir’s chest, breaking a few ribs and sending her flying to the ground next to Aizawa.
 
  “Game over, heroes. It looks like you’re out of lives.”
 
  Shigaraki paused as she realized what she had just said, sighing with a groan.
 
  “I am never making video game one-liners again. Fucking cringier than the time I tried Fortnite dancing. Kurogiri, I’m bored. Let’s leave.”
 
  She looked around, and then cocked her head.
 
  “Kurogiri?”

  
  
  

  Kinoko, Himiko, Ibara, Pony, Hana, and Nana watched in disbelief as Kurogiri screamed with a sword embedded her shoulder, and Ochako panicking as she realized what she had done.
 
  “Shite, shite, shite, shite, shite!”
 
  She went to pull Jack out, but a shoulder appeared over her shoulder, raising its fist to end her.
 
  Kurogiri’s eyes widened.
 
  
    “NO!”
  

  
    Chapter Text
    
  “RIG signal lost. Scanning… Please stand by.”
 
  Mei looked up from the plasma cutter she was building for Izuku. She flipped up her welding mask, and raised an eyebrow.
 
  “That’s weird. As long as there’s a cell tower nearby, the RIG’s signal should be trackable.”
 
  She turned her welding torch off and moved over to her workshop computer. A few commands into the console revealed that not only was she unable to detect any signal from the RIG, her commands to reset the RIG’s signal remotely weren’t being received.
 
  “What the… that’s impossible! I tested its durability myself! And I don’t think that there’s any way that he could’ve broken it, and it’s part of his suit now, so there’s no possibility that he took it off unless he went to the bathroom.”
 
  Mei looked over to the clock on the wall.
 
  “The signal has been lost for about half an hour. Maybe I should try calling him!”
 
  The Gremlin pulled out her phone and dialed Izuku’s number, but it went straight to voicemail. Bastion beeped worriedly, and Mei looked over at her robo buddy. 
 
  “You’re probably right. He must’ve turned off his phone and RIG for some reason.”
 
  Bastion put his hand on her shoulder, trying to calm her down. Mei sighed, appreciating his comfort, but the feeling that something was wrong kept digging at her.
 
  Her eyes locked on her phone, and she began hacking. Bastion did the robot equivalent of sweatdropping and sat down, shrugging as Ganymede cocked his head in confusion.
 
  Mei hacked into the phone network easily, mainly because she broke firewalls in her sleep and didn’t understand what the wold privacy meant. It was a simple task, and she pulled up the call record for Izuku’s number, noticing that there were several calls from a Rumi Usagiyama, whoever that was.
 
  Wait, she was calling Izuku’s phone right now! 
 
  The gremlin furiously keyed in a command on her computer and redirected the call to her phone, picking up as soon as the device rang. 
 
  “Hello?”
 
  
    “Oh my god, Izuku you finally fucking picked up! Do you have 
  
  any 
  
    idea how long I’ve been trying to reach you?!”
  
 
  “Wait, you’ve been trying to call Zuku too?”
 
  
    “Yes! Wait- who is this? If you hurt Izuku, I’m going to find you and-”
  
 
  “Wait wait wait! My name is Mei Hatsume. I’m a friend of Zuku’s from school, and I’ve been trying to reach him for the last half hour.”
 
  
    “You haven’t heard from him either?”
  
 
  “No. I was hoping that you had, actually.”
 
  
    “Damn. Something’s going on, I can feel it. Wait, hang on… shit.”
  
 
  “What is it?”
 
  
    “My co-worker, Yu, well I would hardly call her my co-worker. Anyway, she just asked if I had heard from her girlfriend, Nemuri.”
  
 
  Mei furrowed her brow and locked her eyes on the phone records, finding the number of a Yu Takeyama attempting to call a Nemuri Kayama.
 
  “Uh, Rumi, I’m going to connect Yu to the call. Hang on…”
 
  She keyed in a few commands and added the Kulve Taroth to the call.
 
  
    “Hello? Who is this?!”
  
 
  
    “Yu, calm down. It’s Rumi, and Mei Hatsume.”
  
 
  
    “Usagiyama, who the fuck is Mei Hatsume?!”
  
 
  “I’m a friend of Zuku’s from school.”
 
  
    “Who the fuck is Zuku?!”
  
 
  
    “Yu, I can’t believe I’m saying this, but you panicking isn’t going to help anyone.”
  
 
  The gold-veiled dragon sighed and took a deep breath.
 
  
    “You’re right. I just- I just can’t shake the feeling of something being wrong, you know?”
  
 
  
    “Yeah. I’m actually thinking over there to check on them myself.”
  
 
  “Honestly, I think I might do the same thin-”
 
  The sound of rapidly approaching feet pulled the gremlin’s attention away from the call. She turned to the door, where Tomoyo stood, panting heavily.
 
  “Where’s… Power Loader-sensei?”
 
  “Out in the bathroom. Why?”
 
  The Valkyrie looked up at Mei, urgency clear in her eyes.
 
  “There are villains attacking the USJ.”
 
  The gremlin’s jaw dropped.
 
  She scrambled out of her seat, grabbing the plasma cutter and hurriedly finishing the plating, sealing the device together.
 
  Power-Loader came back in and saw Mei shoving several items into a backpack.
 
  “Hatsume, what are you doing this time?”
 
  “The USJ’s under attack.”
 
  “What?”
 
  Mei cocked her net launcher, throwing into her backpack as Bastion shook his head.
 
  “The USJ’s under attack. Bastion, we’re going in the tank.”
 
  The robot sighed and ducked under the doorway as Mei picked her phone back up.
 
  “Usagiyama, Takeyama, the USJ’s under attack. I’ll meet you there.”
 
  She hung up the phone and stepped outside, allowing Bastion to reconfigure into his tank form. She climbed on top of him and he took off, speeding off towards the USJ.
 
  Mei Hatsume was coming, and she was bringing Hell with her.

  
  

  The Nomu’s fist rocketed towards Ochako’s, capable of ending her life in an instant. She turned to face and raised Jack’s shield to protect herself, but she was too slow.
 
  
    “NO!”
  
 
  With what strength she had left, she opened a portal in front of Ochako’s face and sent the Nomu’s fist across the room.
 
  Right into the face of Shigaraki.
 
  The Manticore flew across the room, crashing into the fountain of the central plaza.
 
  Everyone froze, not believing what had just happened.
 
  Izuku, Mina, Eri, Eiko, and Tsuyu rushed past the fountain to their classmates. Ochako grabbed Izuku and pulled him close, kissing him in front of the entire class.
 
  Katsumi charged in two seconds later and practically crushed the greenette in a hug, sobbing with Ochako and him.
 
  They collapsed to the ground, just holding each other as they cried. Eri squeezed in as well, they sobbed and cried as the Nomu just stood there, staring and awaiting instructions.
 
  “GOD-”
 
  The class turned to the central plaza, eyes wide with shock as Shigaraki lifted herself out of the fountain’s rubble.
 
  “-FUCKING-”
 
  The Manticore’s tail thrashed about in anger, and she snarled.
 
  “-DAMNIT!”
 
  She fixed her unseen gaze onto Kurogiri, visibly shaking with rage.
 
  “WHAT THE FUCK, KUROGIRI?! I THOUGHT YOU WERE ON MY SIDE!”
 
  The Dark Matter was in too much pain to respond.
 
  “YOU KNOW WHAT? FUCK YOU! FUCK YOU AND YOUR FUCKING TRAITOR ASS! JUST FUCKING DIE!”
 
  Spittle was flying out from under the hand on her face, and she whipped her gaze over to the abomination that stood near the class.
 
  “NOMU! KILL EVERY SINGLE LAST ONE OF THEM, INCLUDING THAT TRAITOROUS BITCH!”
 
  The giant turned to its targets and screeched, shifting its weight onto its forward foot. It locked onto the closest target, in this case, Ochako, and lunged forward, its mammoth fist raised to beat her skull in.
 
  A whip made of shadow wrapped around the beast’s arm, and it stopped in the middle of its windup. Nemuri was struggling to keep the Nomu from unleashing its punch. Her heels were struggling against the ground, threatening to slide forward.
 
  Eiko immediately ran over and grabbed the shadowy whip, lending her aid to help keep the beast restrained.
 
  “Guys, Kayama-sensei needs help!”
 
  Izuku turned and grabbed Hana.
 
  “Sero, we need your silk to keep this thing down!”
 
  The arachne nodded.
 
  Tetsutetsu joined Eiko and Nemuri while Hana spun another rope made of strong silk and looped it around the Nomu’s other arm, passing the rope to Mai, Saiko, and Pony.
 
  The six pulled with all their might as Hana spun more web and looped it around the legs of the Nomu, bringing it to its knees.
 
  Minerva stopped panicking for about three seconds and actually used her brain for something other than schemes to see Izuku naked.
 
  “Guys, if we can pull it onto its back, I can lay some of my grapes down and it won’t be able to get back up without hurting itself!”
 
  Ibara looked over at the hobgoblin, shocked.
 
  “You actually used your mind for something besides perverse schemes.”
 
  “I would take offense to that, but we have a crisis right now, Shiozaki! Help pull this thing down!”
 
  Minerva began pulling grapes off of her head and laying them on the ground, the rest of the class pulling using ropes of silk and vines from Ibara. The Nomu struggled against its restraints, reaching for Ochako, who turned and pulled Jack out of Kurogiri’s shoulder.
 
  The Wooloo screamed and slashed at the beast’s chest, carving deep gashes into the flesh. The Nomu showed no signs of recognizing the pain and took a step forward, pulling the class with it.
 
  Ochako snarled at the monster, baring her teeth.
 
  “Weel, c’mon ‘en!”
 
  Momo analyzed the Nomu’s weight shifting, then turned to the rest of her class.
 
  “The monster is going to take another step in a few seconds. On the count of three, we pull together and bring it down. Ready?”
 
  “Ready!”
 
  “One!”
 
  The Nomu shifted its weight, beginning to lift its leg.
 
  “Two!”
 
  The heel of the beast left the ground, followed by the toes.
 
  “Three!”
 
  The class pulled as one, their collective strength throwing the Nomu off balance. It struggled to maintain the balance for a few seconds, then began to right itself.
 
  “Oh no ye donnae!”
 
  Ochako shoved the beast, and it fell, crashing to the ground against Minerva’s grapes, which held fast. It struggled and pulled, but the small purple balls did not give.
 
  Now at this point, Shigaraki had been angry, furious even.
 
  But then she saw her weapon. Her weapon, the weapon for All-Might, the weapon chosen specifically to kill All-Might, the Anti All-Might Weapon, being pulled to the ground by a bunch of hero students and successfully imprisoned, it made her rage.
 
  And this wasn’t normal rage. This was 
  
    livid
  
   fury. Malice freshly squeezed from the vilest of tiny lapdogs, forged in the fires of the Entitled Karens and their crusades against all managers, and hatred from Nice Guys and their futile attempts at courting.
 
  She was furious. Enraged beyond belief. Fuming, pissed, etcetera. 
 
  Simply put, she was 
  
    mad.
  
 
  “If you wanna do something right, you gotta do it yourself. And since everyone did literally nothing, it comes back to me.”
 
  Shigaraki snarled.
 
  “Fucking useless teammates. Gotta do fucking everything by myself.”
 
  She unfurled her wings, flapping them experimentally.
 
  “Never really used these before. Except for that one time when Sensei made me learn how to use ‘em last week.”
 
  The Manticore cracked her neck, a malicious grin spreading underneath the hand on her face.
 
  “Time to pown some noobs.”
 
  Shigaraki took off, approaching rapidly the class with a crazed look on her face.
 
  “I’m going to kill each and every last one of you.”
 
  The rest of the class was distracted by felling the Nomu. The villain closed the distance between herself and the closet target, which was unfortunately Nemuri.
 
  Izuku, who was making sure the rest of his classmates were okay, suddenly froze as the Monado showed him a vision.
 
  Shigaraki pounced on Nemuri, landing both hands on the Lilim’s neck and cackling as the flesh rapidly decked under her grasp, the life leaving his teacher’s eyes as her head fell from her body and rolled off to the side.
 
  The vision ended, and Izuku’s eyes snapped over to his teacher.
 
  “Sensei, move!”
 
  Nemuri looked up, confused. “What?”
 
  Izuku jumped and shoved her out of the way as Shigaraki pounced, landing just where they had been a few seconds ago.
 
  A vision of the Manticore grabbing Camie and dissolving her side into nothing flashed before Izuku’s eyes, and he rushed forward, tackling the villain to the ground. He quickly pinned her limbs to the ground
 
  Shigaraki snarled at him, confused.
 
  “How the fuck? That’s not possible!”
 
  She paused.
 
  “Are you a fucking hacker?!”
 
  Izuku blinked. 
 
  “What?”
 
  A vision of the manticore’s tail spearing through his head appeared. Izuku quickly jerked his head to one side, barely avoiding the appendage as impaled the ground.
 
  “You fucking are!”
 
  She struggled against Izuku’s grasp, pulling her tail out of the ground and aiming back at Izuku’s head, flicking it once.
 
  Katsumi shoving a crackling palm in Shigaraki’s face, baring her teeth.
 
  “Try it, and I’ll blow your brain to bits, you fucking villain.”
 
  Slowly, the villain lowered her tail and allowed it to be strapped down. The class stood her up and bound her hands, taping her fingers to prevent her from using her quirk.
 
  Shigaraki growled, sitting angrily and muttering about how she once she got loose, she was going to kill each and every single one of them.
 
  Aizawa and Shiori were moved closer to the entrance, where Eri gave them a sad look.
 
  “Owie.”
 
  She ran over to Izuku and tugged on his pants leg to get his attention.
 
  “Papa!”
 
  “Yes, Eri?”
 
  Eri leg him over to Aizawa and Shiori, who were in desperate need of medical attention.
 
  “I can help fix their boo-boos.”
 
  Izuku raised an eyebrow.
 
  “With your quirk?”
 
  Eri nodded slowly.
 
  “Mhm. But I’m scared. My quirk… it um… rewinds things.”
 
  “Really?”
 
  Eri nodded.
 
  “But if I use it too long, it makes the thing disappear.”
 
  “Oh.”
 
  The silver-haired girl’s eyes pricked with tears. 
 
  “Miss Chisaki s-said that m-my quirk w-was evil, a-and that I a-am a curse…”
 
  Izuku’s brow further, and he took his daughter’s hands.
 
  “Eri, your quirk is not evil. It’s very helpful, and it’s what makes you, well, you!”
 
  Eri looked up at him with tear-filled eyes.
 
  “I know your quirk seems scary now, but with practice, you’ll get really good at it.”
 
  She sniffled, and Izuku hugged his daughter as she began to cry. Eri clung to him, so happy that she had found this cinnamon bun to be her father.
 
  They separated, and Izuku led Eri over to Aizawa and Shiori.
 
  “How does your quirk work, Eri?”
 
  “I touch the thing, and then I rewind it. But I don’t wanna go too far!”
 
  “Hey, it’s okay. I’ll be right here. I’ll pull your hands off them once their boo-boos are all better, okay?”
 
  Eri nodded, and Izuku lifted her up. The girl put her hands on Aizawa, ready to heal her father’s teacher.
 
  “Ready, Eri?”
 
  “Uh-huh.”
 
  “Okay. I’m right here to pull you away when they’re healed, okay?”
 
  “Okay.”
 
  She took a deep breath and allowed her quirk to activate, her horn glowing with an otherworldly light.
 
  Aizawa’s broken bones knitted themselves back together, her tail becoming straight and unbroken.
 
  Izuku pulled Eri away, and the girl shut her quirk down. She turned to her father and hugged him, extremely nervous.
 
  “You did it. Look.”
 
  The young girl looked over at Aizawa and sighed in relief after seeing that the Medusa was still there and her injuries were gone.
 
  “Are you ready to do it again?”
 
  Eri nodded, and she reached over to touch Shiori.
 
  Suddenly, the sound of tearing skin filled the air, and Izuku whipped his head around to see the Nomu tearing the skin of its back as it stood up.
 
  It screeched, and Shigaraki and began to laugh.
 
  “You all are fucked.”
 
  The Nomu turned to Kurogiri and raised its fist to kill the Dark Matter, but a sound distracted it.
 
  Izuku charged at the Nomu with the Monado activated, screaming his battle cry. 
 
  Nana’s eyes widened.
 
  “Kid, what hell are you doing?!”
 
  The greenette didn’t respond, as he too busy gathering the power of the Monado into one final strike to end the ungodly abomination before him.
 
  “Monado…”
 
  The blade lengthed to around the height of a one-story, blazing a bright blue light as Izuku brought the Monado other his head.
 
  “...BUSTER!”
 
  He brought down the blade, watching as it approached the Nomu’s exposed brain, expecting it to be cleaved in two.
 
  The blade of light passed through the beast, not harming it in the slightest.
 
  “What?”
 
  A vision appeared of the Nomu punching the greenette in the center of his chest and sending him flying across the room. It vanished, and Izuku didn’t even have time to react.
 
  The obsidian fist of the beast crashed into him like a freight train, knocking the breath from his lungs and sending the greenette sprawling across the room, right into his classmates.
 
  Nana glared at him.
 
  “Kid, what the hell! You know the Monado can’t hurt people in its current form, right?!”
 
  Izuku managed to fight through the pain. “No?!”
 
  Nana cursed under her breath.
 
  
    Damnit, Toshi!
  
 
  “Remind me to go find Toshi and chew her out if we survive this.”
 
  “Yes ma’am.”
 
  The Nomu roared at the class, making its way towards them when a charge melody filled the air, one that Izuku recognized.
 
  Bastion crashed through the main doors of the USJ in tank configuration, locking onto the Nomu’s head and firing his cannon.
 
  The tank shell met its mark dead-on, blowing the Nomu’s head into bloody bits.
 
  Yu and Rumi charged in two seconds later, and they found the remains of the beast slithering together in an attempt to reform.
 
  Their heels squashed the Nomu’s grey matter into mush, wiping their heels clean and spitting on the body.
 
  Shigaraki scoffed. 
 
  “They really should’ve nerfed Bastion…”
 
  The rest of the U.A. staff showed up with All-Might leading them. They captured all the remaining villains and performed checkups on the students and staff, before loading up on the bus and leaving.
 
  Shigaraki and Kurogiri were taken straight to the police station for questioning.
 
  Everyone thanked Iida and Mei, but the gremlin was banned from the workshop for a week for her reckless behavior.
 
  Nana grabbed Toshiko and gave her an earful about being an irresponsible trainer and how her successor had almost 
  
    died
  
   because she had neglected to tell him that the Monado couldn’t hurt people.
 
  The bus ride back was quick, but for Toshiko, it felt like ages.
 
  When they finally got back to U.A., Izuku went back to his own room to change, leaving Eri with Nana.
 
  It had been a long day, and he was eager to get into some more comfortable clothes.
 
  As he pulled his green hero suit off of his body, Izuku noticed a strange object embedded on the back of his left pant leg.
 
  “What is this?”
 
  The greenette gripped the foreign object in his hand and pulled.
 
  “Ow.”
 
  He popped his pricked finger into his mouth and gently sucked on the wound, wiping his finger.
 
  Whatever had pricked his finger was sharp.
 
  Upon further investigation, it appeared to be a barb.
 
  Specifically, a Manticore barb.
 
  Which contained a venom that acted as a highly potent aphrodisiac that was very fast-acting. 
 
  And he had pricked himself with that barb.
 
  “Oh, 
  
    fuck.”
  

  
    Chapter Text
    
  
    Great Googly Moogly, it’s all fucking smut! Seriously though, this chapter is not Small-Might friendly.
  
 
  Izuku dropped the barb, stumbling backward unto his bed. He could already feel the venom taking effect. His body was growing hotter, his clothes too restricting.
 
  The ever-present drive to find a mate and 
  
    breed 
  
  burned through his body, getting stronger with each passing second. 
 
  “Shit, shit, 
  
    shit
  
  !”
 
  He stumbled over to his door, trying to ignore the tightness in his pants, and reached for the handle, then stopped as a horrible thought occurred to him.
 
  
    If I go out in this state, then who’s to say I won’t just grab the first person I see and force myself upon them?
  
 
  Izuku’s hand dropped from the door, and he quickly shuffled back into the corner furthest from the door, stripping his clothing to maintain his elevated body temperature.
 
  Images of his classmates raced through his mind, the thought of marking each and every last one of them as his-
 
  
    No. I am not like that.
  
 
  He thought of Ochako, and her precious smile, her lovely neck, her bountiful breasts, how 
  
    good
  
   they would feel wrapped around his raging-
 
  
    No! Stop that! 
  
  He shouted to himself, hugging his knees to his chest. He would need to remain a hermit for the day until the venom wore off
  
    .
  
 
  It would take some time. Sure, the easiest way to deal with the symptoms of Manticore venom was to have sex, but there was no way he was leaving his room in a state like this - he couldn’t do that to the people he cared about, not after all that they had done for him.
 
  And if that meant that meant he’d have to play the waiting game and simply suffer through the symptoms, then so be it.
 
  His member throbbed in his pants, almost painfully hard now, and the young man couldn’t help but wince.
 
  
    Oh, this is gonna be torture…
  

  
  

  Yu would not let Nemuri out of her sight. Granted, that wasn’t exactly something new - she was a Dragon, after all, the Lilim had known she would be dealing with that when she made the decision to start dating her. But  Nemuriwas used to her girlfriend being clingy - this, though? This was nothing like she’d ever seen before.
 
  The golden blonde would answer the door, take Nemuri’s calls, and escort her wherever she needed to go, waiting patiently until she was back. She followed the Lilim 
  
    everywhere
  
   like some kind of giant golden duckling, to the point that she was almost 
  
    literally
  
   breathing down Nemuri’s neck. At first it was honestly sweet, but it had gotten very old, 
  
    very
  
   quickly.
 
  It was time to nip this overprotective behavior in the bud.
 
  As Yu walked her girlfriend back to her room, where she would undoubtedly be spending the night, Nemuri stopped abruptly and gently took the taller woman’s shoulder.
 
  “Yu, we need to talk.”
 
  The Kulve Taroth turned to face her treasure and nodded.
 
  “We can talk once we’re safe in your room.”
 
  Nemuri sighed. This wasn’t going to be an easy talk, but it needed to happen.
 
  “That’s… actually what I wanted to talk about.”
 
  Yu stopped and looked over at Nemuri curiously. 
 
  “You’ve been acting like I’m fragile, like I’m made out of glass - that if you let me out of your sight for even a second I’ll get hurt somehow.”
 
  “Nemuri, please. We both know that you can take care of yourself.”
 
  “Really? Because you’re treating me like a hatchling. Again.”
 
  Yu sighed, then took a deep breath. This had happened a few times since they had started dating. Some other Mamono who thought that Midnight was easy to get tried to flirt with her, and Nemuri, being the mischievous soul she is, would always play along. 
 
  Then Yu would find them and drag Nemuri away, shooting glares that could split stone over to the would-be thief, the message loud and clear.
 
  Never mess with a dragon’s treasure. 
 
  The bright side, though, was that it had happened enough times for the Kulve Taroth to identify the negative behaviors she was partaking in and work on eliminating them; even if it did mean letting go of the control she wanted so desperately, it just wasn’t worth what it was doing to her beloved.
 
  Yu breathed out through her nose, then took Nemuri’s hand and touched her forehead with her own.
 
  “I’m sorry. I did it again. I just… you’re my treasure and I don’t want you to get hurt, 
  
    especially
  
   after what just happened out there. Gold can easily be replaced, but you?”
 
  The gold-covered dragon ran her fingers through Nemuri’s star-speckled hair.
 
  “Nothing could replace you, and I don’t know what I would do if I lost you…”
 
  Her shoulders shook slightly as she did her best to stifle a sniffle as days’ worth of worrying finally bubbled up to the surface, only to graduate into full-on sobs. Nemuri could only embrace her girlfriend close and rub small circles into her back.
 
  “Hey, it’s okay; it’s okay.” She murmured softly to the smaller girl. “I’m not going anywhere anytime soon. I took care of myself, and so did my students. Hell, if it’ll make you feel better, maybe I could introduce you to the man we’re teaching here. You’ll love him - he was an absolute 
  
    machine
  
   out there, looking after everybody around him. A prince to match my golden queen.~”
 
  Yu couldn’t help but chuckle a little bit at that, wiping at her tears - no matter the situation, her girlfriend never failed to tease.
 
  “You really think that highly of him, don’t you?”
 
  “Mhm.”
 
  Yu couldn’t help but lick her lips as a sly smile appeared on her face. 
 
  “Maybe we should give him a reward for saving you.”
 
  “Yu, no. As much as I would like to partake in something like that, there are rules-”
 
  The PA system crackled to life, and Nozomi’s voice came over the loudspeaker.
 
  
    “Greetings, everyone. This is Principal Nozomi speaking, just here to give you all a brief reminder that teacher-student relationships are not forbidden.”
  
 
  The announcement ended, and the Lilim looked over to her girlfriend, who had a smug grin on her face. 
 
  “What was that about rules now, Ne~mu~ri?”
 
  “Oh, shut up, Yu. I can’t just barge in on him like that. He has a few partners already, and it would be rude of us to-”
 
  “Wait, he already has partners?”
 
  “Yeah.”
 
  “So 
  
    that’s 
  
  why Miruko smelled like Scotch and cinnamon buns the last time I saw her.”
 
  Nemuri thought back to the call she had unintentionally heard on the bus to the USJ, then nodded.
 
  “That… does make a lot of sense, now that I think about it. But that’s just all the more reason we should ask her before we just jump his bones.”
 
  “Ask me what now?”
 
  Both of the pros yelped in surprise and whipped around to see Rumi giving the two a rather impatient look.
 
  Nemuri immediately blushed and Yu hid behind her.
 
  “Oh hi, Usagiyama! We, um, were just wondering, if um…”
 
  Her voice trailed off. Rumi raised an eyebrow and crossed her arms, thumping her foot impatiently.
 
  “Just wondering what? Spit it out, I don’t have all day.”
 
  “Well, you see, Izu- I mean Midoriya… he was risking his life almost every chance he got at the USJ to protect us all from that Manticore villain, and uh…”
 
  Nemuri’s voice trailed off once more, the normally confident and dominant heroine for once on the ropes.
 
  “Well if you’re never going to tell me what it actually is you want to tell me, I might as well say no-”
 
  “We were wondering if we could thank him… sexually.”
 
  Nemuri turned an even brighter red and whipped around to her girlfriend, completely embarrassed.
 
  “Yu!”
 
  “What? You were taking forever to get to the point.”
 
  “I will deal with you later.” The night sky haired Lilim grumbled, then turned back around to face the Lopunny, hoping she looked apologetic. “I am so, 
  
    so
  
   sorry about that, and I totally understand if you say no.”
 
  “So let me get this straight. Izuku saved your ass in the villain attack, and you and your girlfriend want to show your appreciation by fucking him?”
 
  Both of them nodded.
 
  “Well, it ain’t the craziest story I’ve heard from someone wanting a piece of him. Go for it, but don’t blame me if you fall in love with the nerd.”
 
  “What?”
 
  Rumi shrugged. “He just kinda has that effect on people. He’s super likable, and that turns into genuine attraction at some point- wait, what’s that smell?”
 
  Yu took a deep sniff, her face starting to grow flushed.
 
  “It smells like… a male in arousal.” She took another sniff and let out a soft mewl involuntarily, the pheromones beginning to work their magic.
 
  “God, the scent alone is turning me on…”
 
  Rumi was starting to get agitated as well, rubbing her thighs together in a futile attempt to soothe the heat that was building in her core as she bounced on the balls of her feet. While Nemuri didn’t have a nose that was as strong as the other two, she was a Lilim, and could magically detect the arousal of others nearby. And wouldn’t you know it, there was a 
  
    massive 
  
  spike of arousal coming from Izuku’s room.
 
  Yu took another sniff, trying to determine what undertone she smelled in the arousing scent.
 
  “Wait, that smells like… is that cinnamon?”
 
  The cocoa bunny’s eyes shot open in surprise, her lust momentarily giving way to sudden realization.
 
  “IZUKU!”
 
  She dashed down the hall and followed the scent to his door, flinging it open to find Izuku naked in the corner furthest from the door.
 
  The air was thick with his musk, thick and heady and filling her lungs as every breath she took only made her yearn for him more.
 
  She made a beeline for him, but the greenette only squeezed himself further into the corner as soon as he noticed that she was there, fear and arousal in his eyes.
 
  “Rumi, please! I’m begging you, stay back!”
 
  She stopped and looked at him in concern and more than a little bit of confusion - even in her hormone-added state, she could tell that something was up.
 
  “Izuku, what’s going on?”
 
  He just looked down at the floor and pointed at the discarded barb on the ground. “Manticore venom. Must’ve gotten stuck on my costume when I wasn’t looking. I pricked my finger on the barb, and this, w-well… this happened.”
 
  He stifled a soft gasp of eagerness and of pleasure as Nemuri and Yu came in, the musk causing an immediate effect on both of them. Heat immediately bloomed in their cores, and the desire to breed started to overtake any rational thought while Midoriya’s eyes were practically glued to the sight of so much soft curvature, so tightly packed into tight skimpy costumes and practically 
  
    begging
  
   to be claimed - 
  
    stop it, stop it NOW, those are people, not fucking objects!
  
 
  Nemuri shook her head after recognizing the barb on the floor. She carefully picked it up and placed it in a biohazard bag for disposal, and then texted Cementoss to quarantine the third floor of the dorm due to Manticore venom symptoms. She assured the geomorphic Hero that she had everything under control, but that she did not expect to be present for any staff meetings for the evening.
 
  Rumi, meanwhile,  quickly sent a text to Ochako vaguely informing her of the situation.
 
  With that out of the way, all three Mamono fixed their lusty gazes on Izuku, and for once, he didn’t gulp.
 
  The Lopunny approached him first, stripping her clothes off as Nemuri closed the door so that they wouldn’t be interrupted.
 
  Izuku’s eyes latched onto her naked body, stirring stringing up that burning 
  
    need
  
   instincts to mark her, fuck her until they were both exhausted, to 
  
    breed 
  
  the rabbit strutting towards him.
 
  Rumi grabbed Izuku and threw him onto the bed gently, grabbing Izuku’s angry-looking member in her hand. 
 
  “Fucking christ, Izuku. I leave you for a week, and you already manage to get yourself attacked by a villain.”
 
  She stroked his member as she straddled his hips, sitting on his thigh as Nemuri and Yu stripped down behind her. 
 
  “It is what it is, I guess. But do you know how fucking horny I’ve been in the last week? I broke all my toys trying to bring myself to the same climax that you bring me to.”
 
  The cocoa bunny lined his dick up with her dripping snatch.
 
  “Which is why you’re going to fuck me like there’s no tomorrow.”
 
  She drove her hips down, letting out a moan as she easily took all of Izuku, the tip of his member poking at her cervix.
 
  Rumi placed her hands on Izuku’s chest and began bouncing like there was no tomorrow, driving her hips downwards with needy desire.
 
  The greenette, on the other hand, was not being passive. He thrust up to meet the Lopunny’s hips, her asscheeks jiggling with every thrust.
 
  “Oh fuck I needed this!”
 
  She began to bounce faster, Izuku meeting the intensity and frequency of her downward thrusts, the sound of flesh slapping against flesh filling the room.
 
  Rumi panted heavily, moaning without any thought to who heard them. It didn’t matter. All that did matter was the dick in her pussy that was rapidly pistoning in and out of her, hitting all of her sweet spots and driving her quickly to the edge.
 
  “You’re close, ain’tcha? I can feel you twitching around in there.”
 
  “Rumi…”
 
  “Fucking breed me. Pour your dick juice in my pussy and pump a fucking litter of bunnies into me!”
 
  Izuku picked up the pace, slamming his hips into hers and pulling her close.
 
  “I love you and your fucking dick, Izuku. Fuck me until I can’t walk!”
 
  “I love you too Rumi!”
 
  They kissed, and with one final thrust, the head of Izuku’s penis penetrated her cervix, entering her cervix and pumping full of his hot seed. Rope after rope of his release painted her walls white, and she screamed in ecstasy as she came hard, spraying her fluids all over his crotch. 
 
  Her eyes rolled to the back of her head, her back arched, and her tongue lolled out of her mouth. Rumi collapsed to the side of Izuku, the pleasure overwhelming her. 
 
  Her pussy leaked his spunk, and had it not been for the contraceptive seal she had cast on herself, the Lopunny would’ve definitely gotten pregnant. 
 
  Speaking of contraceptive seals, Nemuri and Yu finished completing theirs before turning to Izuku and noticing that despite the fact that he had completely filled Rumi up, his dick was still standing tall and angrily. 
 
  “Well, Yu, I think I’ll need your help to take care of this next villain.”
 
  “Let’s get him, Nemuri.”
 
  They crawled onto the bed and began to tend to Izuku’s raging boner. Nemuri kissed and licked the rod while Yu suckled his balls, treating them with care.
 
  The greenette moaned from the feeling of having his member pampered, leaning back as the pleasure swept through him.
 
  Thanks to the Manticore venom, his refractory period was almost nonexistent, refilling his balls as quickly as he emptied them.
 
  Nemuri stopped blowing Izuku and faced Yu, a sly grin on her face.
 
  “Do you suppose Midoriya likes breasts?”
 
  Yu returned the sly grin, cupped her boobs, and placed them with Nemuri’s on either side of his penis.
 
  The head of his dick poked out of the valley of their breasts, and the duo began to move.
 
  “You like our breasts, Midoriya?” Nemuri teased, winking at Izuku.
 
  “Yes…!”
 
  “What’s that? We didn’t quite catch it…” Yu jabbed, a smile on her face.
 
  “I love your breasts! They’re bigger than Ochako’s, and they’re so soft…”
 
  “Ara ara, Midoriya. You shouldn’t talk badly about your girlfriend like that.” Nemuri made a pouty face, then continued the double boobjob with Yu.
 
  “Honestly, yeah. I don’t even know you had a girlfriend besides Rumi, but you shouldn’t talk badly about her like that, even if you like bigger boobs.”
 
  Izuku frowned from their comments, thinking before coming up with a retort… Unfortunately, he was thinking with his dick rather than his brain.
 
  “All tidd is best tidd.”
 
  Nemuri and Yu were shocked, but continued their ministrations, kissing the head of his cock as it peaked out. Precum was leaking heavily from it now, creating a natural lube for the pillowy prison his cock was in.
 
  “What?”
 
  “Big tidd, little tidd, fat, perky, small, sagging, it doesn’t matter!”
 
  He slammed his fist against the bed covers and huffed.
 
  “Tidd is tidd, and all tidd is best tidd!”
 
  Nemuri and Yu gave each other concerned looks.
 
  “Nemuri, I think the venom has reduced him into a horny idiot.”
 
  “Well, yeah, but he has a point, doesn’t he?”
 
  Yu paused and thought about it… then gave a shrug of acknowledgment.
 
  “... I mean, I can’t really argue there.”
 
  Izuku’s thrusts began to pick up in the meantime, his balls slapping faster and faster against the undersides of both beauties’ full heaving chests
 
  “Oh my. He’s really twitching around in there, isn’t he?”
 
  “Should we-”
 
  “CUMMING!!!”
 
  Izuku’s dick spasmed, and he blew load after load of cum into the air. The hot strings landed on Yu and Nemuri’s breasts, splattering on their faces and some landing in their hair - by the end of it, the two were practically splattered with seed. 
 
  The greenette’s cock twitched a few more times before stopping, still hard as a rock.
 
  “Jesus, he came that much and he’s 
  
    still 
  
  hard? Manticore venom must be some strong stuff.”
 
  Nemuri looked over her girlfriend’s breasts and face, noting the white splatters and frowning.
 
  “Yu, you’re all dirty. Here, let me get you cleaned up.”
 
  She pulled her girlfriend forward, licking away the cum and cleaning her off.
 
  Yu giggled. “Nemuri, that tickles!”
 
  The Lilim continued, swallowing the last bit of cum with a sultry smile on her face.
 
  “Delicious~.”
 
  Yu laughed. “Now how about I return the favor, Nemuri?”
 
  “Why thank you, Yu.”
 
  The Kulve Taroth began licking at her girlfriend’s body, cleaning it with her tongue. Her ass and dripping entrance hovered just above Izuku’s member. Yu knew this and would lower her mound to the head and resting it there, lifting it when the greenette tried to take matters into his own hands. 
 
  She looked over her shoulder and taunted him.
 
  “Uh uh. No touching until I say so.”
 
  She continued multitasking, cleaning away the last of the cum and teasing Izuku until he felt like he was going to burst.
 
  Finally, the blonde finished her cleaning. She faced Izuku, still teasing him. He was so close to penetrating her, but every time she just moved mound out of the way.
 
  Yu eventually let up on the poor boy, and smiled.
 
  “Alright, I think I’ve teased you enough. Here we go~.”
 
  She lowered her hips onto Izuku’s member, slowly and tantalizingly pleasurable.
 
  Unfortunately for her, the greenette was tired of her teasing game, and he grabbed her hips and forced them down as he thrust up, shoving his entire length deep into her womb.
 
  The blonde immediately came, arching her back and letting out a scream of pleasure before coming back down to earth and facing the smug boy under her.
 
  “You idiot! Why did you shove the entire thing into me at once?!”
 
  “Because you teased me for what felt like an eternity, and frankly,”
 
  He began thrusting hard and fast, pistoning in and out of the golden dragon as she moaned wantonly.
 
  “Stop going s-so fast!”
 
  “Okay.”
 
  He stopped thrusting entirely, earning a confused pout from Yu.
 
  “Why’d you stop?”
 
  “You asked me to.”
 
  “Wha- that’s not what I meant! Just keep fucking me!”
 
  “Okay.”
 
  Izuku roughly thrusted back into Yu relentlessly, not stopping as she came a second time.
 
  “Shlo- shlo downnn- 
  
    ohhhhhh!”
  
 
  Yu’s eyes crossed, and she came once more, howling in ecstasy.
 
  Nemuri laughed. 
 
  “I think you broke her.”
 
  “Fuck me fuck me fuck me fuck me fuck me FUCK ME!”
 
  Yu collapsed against Izuku, stealing his lips in a kiss. Izuku continued thrusting, and finally, his climax came crashing down on him after being denied for so long.
 
  He hilted into her and exploded into her womb, filling her to the brim and coercing another orgasm out of her. The golden dragon screamed in delight and fell off of Izuku, falling next to Rumi and falling asleep.
 
  The greenette smiled at his handiwork and noticed Yu’s gold veil on the ground. He stood from the bed with wobbly legs and grabbed it. It was warm and glowed like it was slightly molten.
 
  He spread the veil over Rumi and Yu, who snuggled against each other in their sleep.
 
  “Oh, I~zu~ku~.”
 
  The boy turned to find his teacher on his bed with a contraceptive seal over her womb and her legs spread, ready to receive him in mating position.
 
  “Make love to me.”
 
  “Yes ma’am!”
 
  Izuku crawled onto the bed, lining up with Nemuri’s entrance and pushing in slowly until he was stopped. He raised an eyebrow at his teacher.
 
  “You’re a virgin?”
 
  Nemuri blushed, but still managed to pout.
 
  “Is there a problem with being a twenty-seven-year-old virgin?”
 
  “N-no, I was just surprised. I would’ve thought you would’ve been a veteran.”
 
  “Well, I’ve never used anything that’s phallic, and my fingers and Yu’s tongue can only go so far.”
 
  “Sensei-”
 
  “Please, call me Nemuri. I think we’re past that point by now.”
 
  “Alright, N-Nemuri. I just-, are you sure you want to do this with me?”
 
  She locked her legs around his back and her tail wrapped around his waist and pulled him in, tearing her hymen.
 
  Nemuri winced, and blood tricked out of their point of union.
 
  “Does that answer your question?”
 
  “Y-Yes. I’ll start moving now…”
 
  He began thrusting moderately, gaining soft moans out of the starry-haired Lilim. Her face was bright red, and her breasts bounced with every thrust.
 
  “I’ve never felt this… full!”
 
  “You feel amazing, Nemuri.”
 
  “Oh, kiss me, you cinnamon bun.”
 
  Izuku obliged, locking lips with her as he continued thrusting, pulling all the way out before thrusting back in.
 
  He had been rough with Yu, but Nemuri? 
 
  He wanted that to be sweet and soft, like his first time with Ochako. The greenette separated from his liplock and began kissing at the Lilim’s neck, trailing down her neck to her collarbone and eventually, her breasts.
 
  Izuku began sucking her nipple, earning another moan from Nemuri.
 
  “You’re like a baby, Izuku. What is your obsession with breasts?”
 
  “I told you. All tidd is best tidd.”
 
  She paused at that, apparently trying to come up with a response, but it was no use - for all of her power, the Lilim couldn’t think straight over the waves of pleasure Izuku was sending through her curvaceous body with every beat of his heart and every throb of his cock. Every little touch, every little sweet nothing he whispered into her ear, drove her closer and closer to the edge… and suddenly, she was there.
 
  “Izuku, I’m c-close.”
 
  “Me too.”
 
  “Cum with me.”
 
  He nodded, out of breath, and began thrusting faster, bringing himself and Nemuri closer to the brink.
 
  And then something occurred to him. It probably wasn’t the best time to say it, but he was going to say it anyway.
 
  “Nemuri?”
 
  “Yes?”
 
  “I love you.”
 
  She melted in his arms, and she yanked him close in a tight hug with a shuddering gasp of pleasure.
 
  “I love you too.”
 
  Their lips met, and Izuku bottomed out into Nemuri, blessing her womb with his essence. She came, her fluids running out of her and onto him, and she felt so 
  
    full.
  
 
  It was a shame that he wasn’t in a position to have more children - she would have gladly mothered them without a second thought.
 
  After what felt like hours, the two finally pulled apart, a small flood of Izuku’s pearly white seed immediately dribbling out of her well-fucked core.
 
  “You were amazing, Izuku.” 
 
  “Y-you… you too, Nemuri.”
 
  The Lilim gave him another quick peck on the lips, and she pulled him under the golden veil with Rumi and Yu,  the four of them quickly drifting off in a pile of spent, satisfied bodies.

  
    Chapter Text
    
  Kurogiri was a very patient woman. Years of caring for the childish successor of her master - well, 
  
    former 
  
  master, had forged that patience, bringing her to where she was now.
 
  “You work for the villain known as All for One?”
 
  “Yes. Well, I don’t believe that I am in league with her anymore, considering my actions at the USJ.”
 
  “When you warped the fist of the ‘Nomu,’ as you call it, into the face of your accomplice?”
 
  “That is correct.”
 
  Detective Natsuki Tsukauchi sighed, jotting a few notes on her report. Her prisoner had not told a single lie the entire time she had been in the interrogation room, which was admittingly very helpful to the investigation of the USJ incident. 
 
  But she didn’t understand why a villain would be so willing to spill their secrets after their arrest. Normally criminals took hours of treatment to get even the slightest bit of talk out of them, but ‘Kurogiri,’ as this villain called herself, was singing like a songbird.
 
  They were only like that when they were sure that they had nothing to lose.
 
  Tsukauchi finished writing her notes down and stood.
 
  “Thank you for your assistance, Miss Kurogiri. Your information has been very helpful. An officer will be with you shortly to escort you to a holding cell. ”
 
  The Dark Matter nodded, staying in her seat as Tsukaushi rose.
 
  “I’ll talk to Nozomi at U.A. See if I can arrange anything for your probation there.”
 
  “Thank you.”
 
  The Detective exited the room.
 
  She nodded to a few officers that stood by the door and walked to the other interrogation room.
 
  “Anything out of this one?”
 
  An officer looked over her shoulder at the detective and then turned back to the screen, shrugging. 
 
  “Nothing but promises of violence once she gets out of here. She had to be put into a straightjacket for her and others’ safety.”
 
  “I see. Well, let’s get her shipped to Tartarus.”
 
  “Right away, Detective.”
 
  Tsukauchi’s pager rang. She checked it and turned back to her fellow officer.
 
  “New info in the case. Can I leave you with this one?”
 
  The officer nodded. “Sure thing. I’ll keep my eye on her.”
 
  The detective stepped out, closing the door behind her. The officer waited a few minutes as her footsteps receded from the door, then let out a sigh of relief.
 
  “Coast is clear. Kiipa, can you get the camera loop set up?”
 
  
    “Almost there… perfect! Haizono, the loop is up. Congrats. You are now the Invisible Woman.”
  
 
  “Copy that.”
 
  The officer’s form shifted, turning into ash-gray dust before reforming into a woman with white hair styled into a ponytail, a silver mouthguard, and a very skimpy outfit that offered little to no protection.
 
  Not that really mattered. All this woman had to look out for was fire and water, and the occasional strong breeze. Being that she was a dust-based Dorome by the name of Konako Haizono, or better known as the villain Dusty Ash.
 
  Well, not yet at least. This breakout for Shigaraki and Kurogiri was supposed to be her debut, after all.
 
  Konako walked over to the door and morphed one finger into a key, fighting it into the lock of the interrogation room and throwing it open.
 
  “Hello, Shigaraki. Sensei sends her regards.”
 
  The Manticore looked up and down at her savior. “Sensei sent you?”
 
  “Yep. Kiipa and I. Lemme get you out of there.”
 
  She unlocked Shigaraki’s handcuffs, and the manticore peeled the tape off her fingers, cackling wildly. The teal-haired woman placed her hands on the wall of the room, and it crumbled at her touch, revealing Kurogiri.
 
  The mistwoman was shocked by the sudden appearance of her comrades and flinched under her ward’s glare, trying to back away as she approached.
 
  “Kurogiri.”
 
  Shigaraki’s tail flicked in anger behind her, wings unfurling to look as intimidating as possible.
 
  “You are a traitor. And we both know what Sensei does to traitors.”
 
  The childish villain stopped in front of her former caretaker and growled.
 
  “However, due to your patience in raising me, I decided something.”
 
  She scratched at her neck, trying in vain to soothe the itch that constantly pained her.
 
  “I won’t give Sensei that satisfaction of killing you.”
 
  Fingers reached out to grab the metal brace around the Dark Matter’s neck.
 
  “So I’ll do this instead.”
 
  Kurogiri closed her eyes, ready for death to claim her.
 
  “Do you remember who you are?”
 
  There was a long silence, and the mistwoman gingerly opened her eyes.
 
  “What?”
 
  Shigaraki smirked.
 
  “Oboro Shirokumo.”
 
  The name triggered something deep within the Dark Matter’s mind, unlocking memories she never thought she’s had.
 
  A smiling logical Medusa. A Banshee who was obsessed with singing loudly and being a popstar. A starry-haired freshman Lilim who was very shy…
 
  Lessons blurred together, memories quickly flashing by her until it hit her.
 
  The pain of dying.
 
  Rubble crushing her body, the last thing she remembered before the life left her being the words of encouragement to her Medusa partner.
 
  It all hit her at once, and Kurogiri screamed in pain as the memories flooded back, overwhelming her mind.
 
  Too much.
 
  
    Too much!
  
 
  Wisps of black mist rippled through her body, and the Dark Matter collapsed to the table, holding her head between her hands and sobbing uncontrollably.
 
  “Aizawa… I’m sorry…”
 
  Shigaraki scoffed. 
 
  “Come on, Haizono. We’re leaving.”
 
  “But what about-”
 
  “Leave the traitor. I don’t care about her anymore.”
 
  Konako looked over her shoulder at the sobbing woman, her tears black and inky against the table.
 
  “Kiipa, we’re heading out the back wall.”
 
  
    “Gotcha. I’ll be there.”
  
 
  Shigaraki stepped back through the hole she had made, placed her hands on the wall opposite of it, and crumbled it to dust.
 
  An unmarked white van stood on the other side, with a Tritonia driver waiting for them. 
 
  The van opened, and the two villains stepped in. The doors closed, and the driver looked in her rearview mirror.
 
  “I trust that Kurogiri has been dealt with?”
 
  Konako nodded grimly.
 
  “I see. Why is she a traitor again?”
 
  “Just drive, Zoe.”
 
  “Alright, fine.”
 
  She grumbled under her breath.
 
  “Not sure why I was the driver. I don’t have feet and I can barely see, much less drive.”
 
  The slug-like Mamono sighed and continued her route, lamenting the loss of one of their members.
 
  “And Kurogiri kept the rest of us in check. The hell is going to happen now that she’s gone?”
 
  Zoe Kiipa, otherwise known as the Zookeeper, just kept driving, and let her concerns slide for now.
 
  They would be addressed later.

  
  

  Nemuri blinked her eyes open, stretching her arms and feeling the warm gold blanket on her nude form.
 
  God, she was sore.
 
  But the pleasure she had felt last night was 
  
    so 
  
  worth it.
 
  The Lilim turned to see the others in Izuku’s bed and smiled. Yu had latched onto her in her sleep, nuzzling her head again her chest. The Kulve Taroth’s breath tickled Nemuri, and she giggled.
 
  Rumi, on the other hand, had starfished out on the bed, her ears twitching in her sleep. Her arm was extended across Nemuri’s chest, right under her breasts. The starry-haired hero was honestly confused as to how that had happened, but she wasn’t complaining.
 
  But there was someone missing.
 
  Where was he? The emerald prince who had needed her assistance, who she had been oh so eager to help.
 
  The one who had poured the seed of life into her, but unfortunately could not sire her children due to the circumstances of his education.
 
  Where was Izuku Midoriya, her future husband and father of her children?
 
  The door creaked open, and Nemuri hastily covered herself and her other lovers under the golden blanket. Yu and Rumi panicked, scrambling to protect their decency.
 
  “Um, Rumi, Yu, Nemuri? I brought breakfast.”
 
  There was sniffing from outside.
 
  “Wait, is that dragon and demon I smell in there? The fucking venom required their help as well?”
 
  “Oh, lae off, Bakugo. We’re gonnae hav’ a talk wif all of ‘em.”
 
  Izuku, Ochako, and Katsumi walked in, carrying many trays of food as Nana held Eri’s hand from outside.
 
  “Damn right we are! There is no fucking way in hell I’m letting anyone steal Deku from us.”
 
  “Kacchan, please. They’re not going to ‘steal’ me.”
 
  Katsumi rolled her eyes. 
 
  “I thought you knew how fucking possessive dragons are!”
 
  Izuku blushed and scratched the back of his head.
 
  “Oh, right.”
 
  “Papa, can we come in yet?”
 
  “Not yet, Eri. It’ll be soon. Ochako, can you help us get the table set up?”
 
  Ochako didn’t respond. “Sweet Jesus… Deku, I can see why ye decided tae let Kayama-sensei help ye…”
 
  Nemuri blushed, not realizing that her glorious bosom was bare to the world, for all to see.
 
  Katsumi turned to her teacher, and her nose began to bleed.
 
  “Holy fucking shit.”
 
  She turned to Izuku, who was bright red. 
 
  “Forget what I said about her stealing you away. I think she might steal me away.”
 
  “Kacchan!”
 
  Rumi and Yu stared at the others, terrified. Katsumi locked eyes with her and raised an eyebrow.
 
  “I know you from the farm.”
 
  The Lopunny nodded.
 
  “Oh, you’re that Lopunny that left with regretful eyes. And I’m also guessing you’re the reason why Izuku smelled of rabbit.”
 
  “Well, yeah.”
 
  Katsumi huffed.
 
  “Well don’t just fucking stand there! Get dressed! And someone open a window. It smells like sex and virgin blood.”
 
  The pros darted from the bed and quickly pulled on their clothes. Yu opened a window while Nemuri cast a spell to clean the bedsheets of any sexual fluids, and Izuku, Ochako, and Katsumi set up the table.
 
  Rumi opened the door to let Eri and Nana in.
 
  “Miss Rumi!”
 
  The cocoa bunny laughed and scooped Eri into her arms, spinning the girl in a circle.
 
  “Heya, Eri! Been a while, hasn’t it?”
 
  “Uh-huh! I did so much! Miss Nana is teaching me the alphabet!”
 
  “Really? Maybe you can show us after breakfast.”
 
  “Okay!”
 
  The excited girl darted past her, and Rumi faced the six-foot-two Amazon that was Nana Shimura.
 
  They glanced at each other, sizing each other up. Rumi narrowed her eyes at Nana, and she flexed her arms, her muscles bulging.
 
  Nana accepted the challenge, flexing her own arms and brandishing her muscles, grunting with extreme exertion.
 
  Eri looked at the two curiously.
 
  “Papa, what are Miss Nana and Miss Rumi doing?”
 
  Izuku looked over at the two muscular women and laughed.
 
  “I think they’re just trying to get to know each other.”
 
  “Are you sure, they look like they’re gonna fight…”
 
  Rumi and Nana continued flexing, both showing off their muscles. Their brows furrowed, and eventually, they stopped.
 
  They extended their hands and shook them vigorously.
 
  “Welcome to the family.”
 
  “Likewise.”
 
  “Rumi Usagiyama.”
 
  “Nana Shimura.”
 
  “Nice to meet you. Over breakfast, let’s swap stories.”
 
  “Sure thing.”
 
  The two walked over to the table and sat down, joining the rest of the group for breakfast.
 
  Yu could not tear her eyes away from Eri. Something about the smaller dragon just demanded her attention.
 
  Images of a small blue star flashed before the Kulve Taroth’s eyes, and she realized something.
 
  She may be a queen, but the silver-haired girl eating her bacon with gusto across the table?
 
  She was an empress.
 
  Yu’s eyes darted over to the golden veil resting on the bed. She stood and walked over to it, Nemuri’s gaze concentrated on her.
 
  The golden dragon selected a corner, looked back at Eri to determine the size, and heated one of her fingers. She carved out a small portion of the veil for the small girl, melting the gold into a small blanket.
 
  Yu made her way to Eri, getting on her knees.
 
  “Um, Eri?”
 
  The girl turned, confused.
 
  “Yes, um?”
 
  “My name is Yu. I’m Nemuri’s girlfriend.”
 
  “You’re Miss Nemuri’s girlfriend?”
 
  “Yes. Anyway, I noticed your bed over there,” she quickly gestured at a small cot, “and I thought you might like this to go on it.”
 
  Yu presented the golden blanket to Eri, who looked back at Izuku. He nodded. Eri took the blanket from the Elder Dragon and wrapped herself in it, enjoying its warmth.
 
  “It’s so pretty!” She twirled in a circle, giggling as the blanket fanned out.
 
  Izuku smiled.
 
  “Eri, what do you say to people that give you gifts?”
 
  “Thank you, Miss Yu!”
 
  She hopped up in down in excitement, and the rest of the table smiled and carried on with their breakfast.

  
  

  Breakfast was over sooner than everyone had been expecting. Izuku discussed his growing relationship with Nemuri and Yu, whom Ochako and Katsumi definitely approved of.
 
  Nana and Rumi got along swimmingly, offering each other tips for training and swapping stories about Izuku.
 
  The pros, unfortunately, had other business to attend to, so they left with heavy hearts and a kiss from Izuku, or in Rumi’s case, one from Ochako as well.
 
  Izuku began the cleanup, noticing how Eri was looking sleepy.
 
  “Eri, do you need to lay down?”
 
  She nodded and waddled over to her bed, hopping in. Izuku came over and tucked her in, giving her a kiss on the head.
 
  “I have some things to do today, but I’ll come check on you at lunch, okay?”
 
  Eri nodded, and Izuku carried the dishes and table with the help of Ochako and Katsumi.
 
  They trained and socialized with the rest of the class for the rest of their day off, and lunchtime came and went.
 
  Izuku went back to his room to check on Eri, worry plaguing him.
 
  
    What if she’s sick? I thought dragons had very advanced immune systems, but maybe this is something that even dragons get sick from.
  
 
  
    Oh god, what if it’s something that can’t be cured?!
  
 
  
    I’m spiraling. It’s gonna be fine.
  
 
  He arrived at his door and unlocked it, anxiety levels approaching critical.
 
  
    I really hope Eri is okay…
  
 
  Izuku pushed opened the door, and immediately noticed his energy level dropping.
 
  
    I just ate… lunch. How… can I be… this tired?
  
 
  He looked over at Eri’s corner of the room and panicked.
 
  A translucent pale blue cocoon was fastened to the wall, pulsing with energy.
 
  
    “Eri?!”
  

  
    Chapter Text
    
  It had been a week since Eri had cocooned herself to the wall of Izuku’s room.
 
  A week since Izuku had rushed out of his room, his eyes wide and full of panic.
 
  A week since he, Momo, and Saiko had spent countless hours toiling into the night.
 
  Nemuri had to use her quirk on them more than once. The three of them had pooled their knowledge together, trying to find a reason as to why Eri was even cocooning herself to the wall in the first place, but they could find no answers.
 
  Hell, they didn’t know what kind of dragon she was in the first place.
 
  What they did know, was that the cocoon was drawing energy in from any source it could in a small radius, pulsing with blue light. The current theory was that if they poured as much magic energy as they could into the cocoon, the flow would eventually stop, and Eri would pop out of the cocoon.
 
  Which had led to the current situation in Izuku’s room.
 
  He, Momo, Kyoka, Saiko, and Aizawa were staring at the cocoon on the wall. Said cocoon pulsed with an otherworldly light, illuminating Eri’s small form.
 
  “Midoriya, you start by buffing everyone to increase their magical output. Jirou, your job is to create a sound tunnel to keep the energy beam contained. Yaoyorozu, Intelli, blast as much magic as you can into the beam, and we’ll see what happens. Everyone ready?”
 
  Aizawa looked at her four students, who nodded in confirmation.
 
  “Right. I’ll be on standby with my quirk in case anything goes wrong. Midoriya?”
 
  Izuku activated the Monado and cast Enchant, unleashing a purple glow onto the others. Strength surged through their bodies. Kyoka focused and amplified her heartbeat, creating a tunnel of sound in front of her. 
 
  Momo planted her staff and began chanting, unleashing a beam of magical energy into the sound tunnel. Saiko planted her enchanted kanabo as well and unleashed her own magic, where it intertwined into the beam and surged forward, traveling towards Eri’s cocoon.
 
  The beam splashed against the silken blue construction, which absorbed the magic as fast as Momo and Saiko could pour it out.
 
  The cocoon pulsed faster, its light growing brighter and brighter.
 
  “I think it’s working! Keep it up!”
 
  Izuku’s anxiety increased, but he held back and let the others do their thing. 
 
  And that was when Eri decided it was time to wake up from her week-long nap.
 
  The shell of the cocoon split open, and Eri fell backward out of it, directly into the beam of magic. There was a crackling of energy, and the beam turned a bright blue. 
 
  Aizawa’s tired eyes widened.
 
  “Stop casting!”
 
  Saiko and Momo stopped, but the beam resurged, zooming forward and washing over Kyoka. The Noivern panicked, dropping the sound tunnel and trying to beat out the magic that danced around her.
 
  “Jirou!”
 
  “Yaoyorozu, no!”
 
  Momo grasped Jirou’s outstretched hand, and the blue magic spread to her. The Dark Mage cried out as she and Kyoka were pulled together, the magic washing over their bodies.
 
  Aizawa cursed under her breath. Whatever was happening, it looked like the two girls were being forced together.
 
  The magic formed a blue sphere around the girls, blocking out their cries as its light grew brighter and brighter, practically a miniature star in the room.
 
  It rippled and vibrated, and pulled inward, gathering all the energy it could in the room.
 
  The Medusa quickly pulled her students together, snagging Eri with her capture gear.
 
  “Midoriya! Shield!”
 
  Izuku activated the Monado, casting Shield and creating a yellow sphere made of hexagons to protect himself and the others from the impending magic burst.
 
  The blue sphere exploded, magic flooding against the shield as the light blinded the occupants under the shield.
 
  They winced as the light began to fade, and gazed around the room.
 
  Nothing seemed out of place. In fact, it looked like the magic blast hadn’t damaged anything.
 
  The only thing that appeared to be different was the girl standing where Momo and Kyoka had been standing.
 
  She was dressed in the standard U.A. uniform, but when the group got a good look at her face, they gasped.
 
  The girl had Momo’s ponytail and stray bang, but her hair now had purple highlights with Kyoka’s wave streak present in it.
 
  Her eyes were onyx on the outside, but as they moved toward her pupil, they turned a dark purple. Kyoka’s ear jacks and bat ears colored the same as her hair were present, with no signs of human ears anywhere.

  Momo’s curvaceous figure had been preserved, but it appeared that her bust size had increased, along with her ass.
 
  The girl cocked her head at the others, and spoke in both Momo and Kyoka’s voices simultaneously.
 
  “What seems to be the matter?”
 
  She froze, startled by the sound of her own voice. The girl looked down at her body, and she began to panic.
 
  “What happened to us?!”

  
  

  Kurogiri had sobbed for the rest of the night after Shigaraki had told her who she had been.
 
  Memories locked away long ago by medical procedures had resurfaced.
 
  Her sixteenth birthday, her first crush, her first kiss…
 
  All of the memories came back, and with them, a bittersweet feeling of loss.
 
  Kurogiri had told Detective Tsukauchi everything she knew about the breakout.
 
  Yes, she knew that it had been planned in the unlikely event of capture.
 
  Yes, she knew that a team would be deployed, but did she know who was on that team?
 
  No.
 
  Did she know where her former accomplices were now? 
 
  No, but she had the location of their hideout, which was most likely abandoned by now.
 
  The bar that she had painstakingly tended for years was abandoned and completely cleared out. In fact, it had recently been sold to new management.
 
  The only upside to the whole scandal was that Principal Nozomi had accepted the probation request at U.A., which had been granted to Kurogiri after she had told the police everything she knew about the organization she formerly worked for.
 
  The day had finally come, and Kurogiri was allowed to parole at U.A. under three conditions. 
 
  One, she was to wear a collar that tracked her location and vitals, suppressed her quirk unless given permission by a member of U.A. staff or other authorized individuals, and shocked her if she did not follow the given guidelines.
 
  Two, she was to be escorted personally by a hero at all times. In this case, that hero was Thirteen.
 
  Three, she had to deliver an in-person apology to the hero course students for her actions.
 
  Kurogiri had accepted the conditions without a second thought.
 
  Which brings us to the present moment, where the Dark Matter was looking everywhere she possibly could in the armored police transport except at Thirteen.
 
  The tension between the two was growing unbearable with each passing minute, and finally, Kurogiri gave in. 
 
  She looked up at the hero with her unblinking yellow eyes and sighed.
 
  “Sorry for trying to kill you.”
 
  Thirteen shook her head and waved one of her gloved hands dismissively.
 
  “It’s fine. You were just doing your job. Besides, I don’t even think you even got that far before you started backpedaling.”
 
  Kurogiri nodded.
 
  “It still doesn’t excuse my behavior. I just want you to know that I am infinitely sorry for what I could’ve done, and what I did do at the USJ.”
 
  The space hero looked back at her, her white eyes looking back at the Dark Matter’s own.
 
  “I understand. However, I believe that it is not me who you need to apologize to, but rather, the students of U.A. who you put in danger.”
 
  Kurogiri didn’t respond. Her gaze drifted back to the floor of the prison escort van, guilt plaguing her.
 
  
    What am I going to do if Aizawa, Yamada, and Kayama are still there?
  

  
  

  “Wait, the mist villain from the USJ is coming here?!”
 
  “Yamada, please, you’re too loud on a normal day.”
 
  “But-”
 
  Nozomi turned her beady black eyes back at her Banshee employee and glared.
 
  “I made the arrangements with the city, and we have taken the appropriate countermeasures should things go awry.”
 
  Hikaru pouted, clearly put out by the actions of her boss, but she couldn’t do anything about it.
 
  “Well, fine. Has anyone told Shiko, Shiori, and Nemuri about this?”
 
  Nozomi sipped her tea and nodded in confirmation.
 
  “I have informed the rest of the staff, but I have been unable to contact Aizawa due to an emergency involving students in the hero course.”
 
  She took another sip of the brew in her cup and grimaced slightly.
 
  “Hmm. Too orderly for me.”
 
  The mouse-bear-dog thing’s ears twitched, and she reached for the intercom.
 
  “Should there be any incidents concerning the fusion of students, any and all students involved the fusion are to have their grades entered as the scores made by the amalgam student. Additionally, amalgam students are allowed to compete in any school-wide events. That is all.”
 
  Nozomi took another sip of her tea, grinning with malicious glee at the terrified expression on Hikaru’s face.
 
  “Ah. Nothing like a little chaos to flavor afternoon tea.”
 
  The Banshee sitting across the desk from her made another note to 
  
    never
  
   mess with her boss.

  
  

  Aizawa’s eye twitched at the announcement.
 
  She had already been chewed out by Recovery Girl for endangering two of her students, and now Principal Nozomi was complicating things by already making arrangements for the fusion of Yaoyorozu and Jirou, - or “Kyomo Yayaorou,” as they called themselves.
 
  While Kyomo definitely identified as female, they were aware that they were two people fused together into one body and preferred to use plural pronouns. It had been a bit confusing at first, but the class had been informed.
 
  Kyomo showed that they had the combined physical and mental strength of both Momo and Kyoka after tests determining their capabilities.
 
  The second they had been given a break, they had proceeded straight to their room. It had once been Momo and Kyoka’s rooms separately, but due to the current circumstances, Nozomi had the rooms merged. Kyoma had gone straight into the room, soundproofed a corner using Creation and made an impromptu recording studio in under three hours.
 
  They then spent the next four in said recording booth, recording a song that combined both rock and classical music. Izuku had offered to help with the recording process, and was stunned by the result.
 
  Somehow, in the span of 
  
    four hours, 
  
  Kyomo had composed, organized, performed, and mixed together a song in the genre of symphonic rock. And it was pitch-perfect, with not a single mistake. 
 
  Izuku sweatdropped as he looked over to his classmate - er, classmates?
 
  Kyomo had only existed for a few hours, and they had already made a track that usually took months of rehearsal to execute properly.
 
  Was he looking at a goddess in human form?
 
  Well, yes, but he didn’t need to think about that right now.
 
  “Midoriya, what do you think? I call it 
  
    That Person’s Name Is.”
  
 
  “It’s amazing. Kyomo, how did you manage to make this in only four hours, with minimal mistakes?”
 
  “I’m honestly not sure. Ask the author, I guess.”
 
  “What?”
 
  “Nothing.”
 
  They shifted in their seat and offered Izuku a smile.
 
  “Midoriya, thank you for your help today.”
 
  “It’s no problem, Kyomo. Is there anything else I can help you with?”
 
  Kyomo shook their head.
 
  “No thank you. I think Aizawa-sensei was going to make an announcement soon anyway, so let’s gather everyone and head to the common room.”
 
  Izuku nodded, and together, the two students exited the room and rounded up the rest of their classmates.
 
  Aizawa was waiting for them, and she did not look happy.
 
  Then again, she never looked happy, did she?
 
  Tomoyo straightened her glasses.
 
  “Sensei, what is this about?”
 
  The Medusa sighed, her hairs hissing in frustration.
 
  “I don’t like it, but then again, I’m not really paid to like what I’m doing. Anyway, I’ve just been informed that a villain from the USJ is coming here not only for parole but for her own protection as well.”
 
  Murmurs broke out through the class as they broke into speculation.
 
  “Speculation is illogical. You all should know this by now. I don’t know who the villain is, but I do know that she’s scheduled to be here in the next half hour and for some reason, she’s been assigned as the help for the hero course.”
 
  The entire class was shocked into silence. 
 
  A villain? Or, former villain, in this case, was coming to stay at U.A. as the help?
 
  But only for the hero course?
 
  That sounded completely outrageous, like something that only a person high on crack would think of.
 
  Hey, don’t look at me like that!
 
  Aizawa pinched the bridge of her nose, already heading for her basket. She turned the class over to Shiori and Nemuri.
 
  Shiori called the class to attention.
 
  “Right, since we will have this helper, I’d like all of you to follow Kayama and I to their quarters. It’s not set up yet, but I’d like you all to make sure that it’s all prim and proper for our guest.”
 
  Some of the students began to protest, but Nemuri changed their minds with a quick crack of her whip. They followed Shiori to the new room that Cementoss had made, and found a pair of bare beds, each with sheets and a pillow, ready to be made.
 
  A simple dresser and light were the only other things in the room, and not all of them could fit in it.
 
  “Kan-sensei, why did you get all thirty of us to come in here if we can’t fit?”
 
  Shiori shrugged.
 
  “Many hands make light work? Really, it was to prevent you from swarming our guests, who should be here in…  ten minutes? If this isn’t done by the time she’s here, you all will receive a failing test grade.”
 
  There was a roar of protest as Shiori and Nemuri bolted from the room, leaving their students to do a quality team-building exercise.

  
  

  Ten minutes later, the prisoner transport van pulled up in front of U.A. and Thirteen stepped out, followed by Kurogiri.
 
  The Dark Matter surveyed her surroundings and let out a sigh. She hoped that the people she worked with would be kind and merciful.
 
  She wasn’t even sure she deserved this chance at a new life, but she’d take what she could get.
 
  Thirteen escorted her inside, where they followed Shiori to their quarters as the students were just finishing up the final touches, and a familiar mop of green hair gave her a sense of deja vu.
 
  “Oh, 
  
    shit.”
  

  
    Chapter Text
    
  If there was one thing that Chitose Kizuki loved about reporting, it was learning everything she could about what she was reporting and well, reporting it to the world.
 
  So when her boss at Shoowaysha Publishing told her to get an interview with the supposed man at U.A., she eagerly accepted. Chitose always enjoyed finding the newest story, but for some reason, the possibility of finding this man really stirred the Mothwoman up.
 
  She would be lying if she said she wasn’t the slightest bit curious.
 
  Chitose had gathered her notepad and microphone and was currently with her camera robot in the news van she had been assigned. U.A. had finally agreed to an interview with their male student only if they reviewed the footage afterward, and the Mothwoman had reluctantly agreed.
 
  U.A.’s security gate let her through, and the blueberry reporter stepped inside, where she was met by the most tired Medusa she thought she had ever seen in her life.
 
  Nevertheless, Chitose was here for an interview, and sleep-deprived Medusas be damned, she was going to get it.
 
  “Good morning! I’m Chitose Kizuki, the reporter from Shoowaysha Publishing. I’m here to have an interview with your male student?”
 
  “He’s currently preoccupied with helping our new cleaning staff member get adjusted to her quarters. In the meantime, I can answer any questions within reason that you may have.”
 
  Chitose frowned, but was not deterred in her quest.
 
  “I understand. So, why don’t we start off with your name and profession here?”
 
  The camerabot started rolling, and the Medusa sighed.
 
  “My name is Shiko Aizawa. I am one of the homeroom teachers for this year’s hero course class.”
 
  “Well, Miss Aizawa, what can you tell me about your supposed male student?”
 
  Aizawa pinched the bridge of her nose and looked dead at the camera.
 
  “He’s a problem child.”

  
  

  Izuku’s brow furrowed, and he crossed his arms, looking at the Dark Matter before him disapprovingly.
 
  “So,”
 
  Kurogiri’s heart ached as she waited for the axe to fall.
 
  “You’re a villain, Miss Kurogiri?”
 
  She looked at him with her unblinking yellow eyes and sighed.
 
  “Former villain, but yes. Until very recently, I was a villain.”
 
  “What do you mean, until very recently?”
 
  “Well, I prevented the Nomu from killing the Scottish Wooloo who almost killed me with an Aegislash, and made it punch Shigaraki in the face. I was declared a traitor after that, which is why I was left in the police station when the breakout orchestrated to rescue Shigaraki was executed.”
 
  A look of sadness washed over her.
 
  “As far as my former master is concerned, I am as good as dead.”
 
  She waited for a response from her viridescent object of desire, but only silence greeted her.
 
  Kurogiri peered at Izuku, and he crossed his arms, staring at her before sighing.
 
  “Well, I suppose that can’t be helped. However, you haven’t earned my trust or the trust of anyone here, got that?”
 
  She nodded, her shoulders slumping in defeat. 
 
  “I understand. While I am here, I do want to apologize for my actions at the USJ that put you and your classmates, as well as the little one in danger.”
 
  Izuku’s face turned impassive.
 
  “I completely understand if you do not want to accept that apology now, or ever. Frankly, I’m just glad for the chance to stand in the same room as you.”
 
  No response.
 
  “I am wasting your time, aren’t I? Go. Don’t let me take any more of your time.”
 
  The class turned to Shiori, who shrugged.
 
  “Anyway, let’s get you all back to the training field for personal sparring. Everyone is expected to have a partner. Oh, Yaoyorou?”
 
  The fusion student’s ears perked up at the sound of their name.
 
  “You may join another sparring pair or you can spar with one of your teachers.”
 
  They nodded. “Understood, Sensei.”
 
  The class moved out of the new quarters, leaving Kurogiri with Thirteen and a heavy heart.
 
  “Hey. If you show that you’ve really changed, maybe he’ll be willing to forgive you.”
 
  Kurogiri wiped a single inky tear from her eye.
 
  It was dark as space, much like the black mist that danced around Oboro Shirokumo’s body.
 
  “Perhaps he will. I thank you for your kind words, Thirteen.”

  
  

  As Izuku changed into his gym uniform for sparring, his mind struggled with the events of the past week.
 
  The Monado passing harmlessly through the Nomu, Kurogiri’s arrival and subsequent apology, the fusion of Momo and Kyoka into Kyomo, Eri’s cocooning of herself, and Mei…
 
  Wait, where even was Mei?
 
  Izuku paused in the middle of pulling his shirt over his head, thinking back to his gremlin friend. The last he had seen of her had been the night of the USJ, right before Power Loader had pulled her aside and given the gremlin an earful.
 
  So where was she now?
 
  The greenette made a mental note to go check on Mei once he was done with sparring. He pulled his shirt over his muscular body, the form-fitting material stretching over his torso.
 
  He zipped up his gym uniform jacket and exited the locker room, Monado in hand. Nana was waiting for him, and it appeared that he had been randomly assigned to spar with Eiko.
 
  The redhead looked eager and excited for a match, her enthusiasm infectious.
 
  “Come on, Aniki! Show me what you and that sword of yours can do!”
 
  Izuku looked at the Monado in his hand, and for the first time, he wasn’t sure that he could rely on it.
 
  Nana noticed his hesitation, and Eri gazed up at him curiously.
 
  “What’s the matter, Papa?”
 
  The greenette sighed, kneeling down to his daughter’s eye line.
 
  “Remember when we went on that field trip, and there was the big scary monster that I attacked and did nothing to?”
 
  Eri nodded. She had nightmares about the monster coming to hurt her papa in her time cocooning, but they always ended with the sight fading away and nothing but pained screams and wails of the damned calling for help greeting her ears.
 
  “Well, I’m going to be honest with you. I’m scared. I’m afraid that I’m going to be in a place where I can’t do anything to help others because none of my attacks will do anything, and I’ll be useless.”
 
  His eyes filled with tears and he scoffed, dry laughter springing from him.
 
  “Ironic. I’m called Deku, which is short for “Dekiru,” but the original meaning feels fitting now.”
 
  His dry chuckles began to turn into full-body sobs, prompting Eri to hug him.
 
  “Don’t cry, Papa. If you cry, I’ll cry, and then the whole world is gonna cry because we’re sad…”
 
  She hiccuped, tears already threatening to spill from her eyes.
 
  “Eri, I…”
 
  She squeezed further into his embrace, and the two began to cry, moving Eiko to tears as well.
 
  The redheaded mershark blinked through her tears and put her hand on Izuku’s shoulder, who turned to look up at her.
 
  “Aniki, I’ll be the first to let you know that you are not useless. Far from it, actually.”
 
  “How?” He blinked through his tears and separated from Eri, standing to face Eiko.
 
  “I’m a man. I’m not supposed to be good for anything besides ensuring reproduction, and yet here I am, training to be a hero with a weapon that can’t hurt people! Sounds useless to me!”
 
  He clenched his fists, tears running down his cheeks.
 
  “I’m only here because I had a mother who cared enough about me to not just immediately write me off into a marriage for reproduction. I’m lucky that I wasn’t stolen away by any of the other Mamono on the farm I grew up on.”
 
  People were starting to look in his direction.
 
  “I couldn’t do all the same things that my friends could do growing up, so I just helped where I could on the farm!”
 
  Shoko, Mina, and Katsumi looked over at him, their faces serious.
 
  “I had to be escorted in the city just because of my gender! Because everyone would’ve I was lost and useless without a mate to guide me!”
 
  Ochako looked over to Izuku, her heart aching for her boyfriend.
 
  “Deku…”
 
  “I couldn’t even save Eri by myself. I recklessly put myself and Ochako into danger by charging out there to save her, when I had no plan and no guarantee that I was going to make it out alive!”
 
  Eri looked up at him, tears reforming in her eyes.
 
  “Papa…”
 
  “I may have noticed the press first, but it was Yaoyorozu who let everyone know that it was a false alarm!”
 
  Izuku chuckled again, his smile sad and empty.
 
  “The more I think about it, the more I realize how much of a burden I am to others, and just how useless I actually am-”
 
  A hand slapped him across the face, bringing Izuku back to his senses. Eiko grabbed him by the collar and pulled him close, baring her sharp teeth.
 
  “Don’t you 
  
    ever 
  
  say that you’re useless again, Aniki.”
 
  “But I-”
 
  “Do I need to slap you again?”
 
  The greenette wisely shut up.
 
  “You may not see it now, but do you know how much you’ve helped other people’s lives while you’ve been here?”
 
  “Yes, I have been a burden to everyone and-”
 
  Nana snatched him from Eiko and backhanded him across the face, grabbing his chin and turning his head back to her as he tried to look away.
 
  “Look at me.”
 
  
    “Look at me.”
  
 
  He turned his pain-filled emerald eyes back at Nana, angry and hurt.
 
  “I am 
  
    so 
  
  disappointed in you for thinking that you’re worthless.”
 
  The words struck him like an icy dagger to the heart.
 
  “You want to know how you’ve affected people in a positive way? I believe Kirishima was just about to explain it. So shut up, suck it up, and give her your undivided attention, okay?”
 
  Izuku nodded rapidly. Nana twirled him around to face Eiko, and she let loose.
 
  “Aniki, had you not ran out beyond that police line, Eri would be dead. If you hadn’t shoved Kayama-sensei and Utsushimi out of the way of the Manticore’s reach, they’d be dead. Had you not distracted the Nomu with your Monado Buster, we would’ve all died because that Bastion would’ve had the time to kill the Nomu before it killed us.”
 
  The greenette looked down, guilty about his preconceived notions.
 
  “And you want to know something else, Aniki?”
 
  Izuku looked up at her, his eyes red from crying.
 
  “If you hadn’t saved Mina from your mother who made an assumption that was, in her defense, justified, she would’ve died, and I wouldn’t be here.”
 
  His breath hitched.
 
  “What? How do you know about that.”
 
  “Remember when we first met in the cafeteria on the day of the entrance exam?”
 
  “I do. Mina introduced you, and said that you had been going through some hard times.”
 
  The redhead nodded, bitter memories circulating in her head.
 
  “She did indeed. When we first met, I was on the verge just letting it all go. Nothing was good about my life. I took no pleasure from anything, and everything took so much effort to do. I was teetering on the edge of the pit of despair, Aniki.”
 
  Eiko looked over at Mina, who smiled brightly at her friend.
 
  “Mina saved my life, Aniki. She stood by me and was there for me through some very tough times. Told me all sorts of stories about the farm she grew up on, and the green-haired boy who lived on it that she loved so much but wouldn’t admit for fear of rejection.”
 
  She faced Izuku, a tearful on her face.
 
  “Had it not been for you saving her when you were children, I would probably be dead. So thank you, Aniki. Thank you for saving my life, and the life of the girl I love.”
 
  Realization hit both Mina and Izuku like a truck, and their faces turned lilac and bright red respectfully.
 
  “K-Kiri! You can’t just go around telling people other people’s crushes!”
 
  The mershark turned and beamed, nearly blinding Mina with her smile.
 
  “I think I waited long enough.”
 
  Izuku, on the other hand, was looking at his fingers and counting how many women had confessed their love to him.
 
  Ochako, Rumi, Katsumi… he wasn’t too sure about Nemuri, as he had said that in the heat of the moment, and  had yet to actually get to know her, and Yu just seemed to love his penis.
 
  But Mina was just his friend, right?
 
  There was no way that she actually had feelings for him, right?
 
  Judging by the way her entire face was glowing purple, he was very, 
  
    very 
  
  wrong.
 
  The slime caught sight of his confused face and pouted, glaring at both him and Eiko.
 
  “You two and I have a date with my couch tonight.”
 
  Izuku opened his mouth to protest.
 
  “But-”
 
  “No buts, Midori! Now if you’ll excuse me, I have to speak with Ura and Baku.”
 
  She stomped off, her entire head almost purple.
 
  Eiko and Izuku looked back at each other and gulped.
 
  “Papa, are you okay now?”
 
  He nodded, coming back down to Eri’s level and hugging her.
 
  “Yes, Eri. I’m okay now.”
 
  He gave her a smile, soothing her worries.
 
  “Sorry for worrying you.”
 
  Eiko wiped a single tear from her eye.
 
  “So manly…”
 
  “And there you have it, folks. Exclusive footage of the male student of U.A. also known as Izuku Midoriya. I was planning to have an interview with him today, but it appears that now is not a good time. This is Chitose Kizuki from Shoowaysha publishing, signing off.”
 
  Chitose turned, wiping a tear out of her eye. She grasped Izuku’s hand and shook it vigorously, greatly confusing the boy.
 
  “Thank you so much for the story today, Mr. Midoriya. Is there any possibility of an interview soon?”
 
  “Uh-”
 
  Aizawa stepped between her student and the blueberry reporter, blinking her tired eyes.
 
  “Unfortunately, not until the Sports Festival in two weeks. The students need all the time they can get to train, and your presence would be a distraction.”
 
  Chitose bowed politely.
 
  “I understand. Thank you for allowing me to capture at least some footage of Mr. Midoriya.”
 
  “No problem. Now, please follow me to the exit.”
 
  “Of course.”
 
  The Medusa and Mothwoman left together, leaving the class in a state of confusion.
 
  Izuku shrugged.
 
  “Well, that happened. Anyway, if I can’t use the Monado to hurt people, then maybe I can learn some hand-to-hand skills.”
 
  Nana chuckled.
 
  “I like your new attitude, kid. While learning some kind of hand-to-hand combat is a good idea, there’s one thing wrong with what you said.”
 
  Izuku raised an eyebrow curiously.
 
  “Really?”
 
  “Yep. The blade of the Monado can’t hurt people, but there’s nothing saying you can’t just whack them upside the head with the unactivated form.”
 
  There was a short pause.
 
  “You’re serious?”
 
  “Yep.”
 
  “...Why didn’t I think of that?”
 
  “Something something sometimes the best solutions are the simplest? It doesn’t matter. Here, let me show you how to hold the hilt properly…”

  
  

  The unactivated Monado made a horrible screeching sound as it veered off of Eiko’s Hardened arm. She came in with a punch with her other arm and caught him right in the jaw.
 
  Izuku’s guard was thrown open, and Eiko tackled him to the ground, pinning him to the ground and knocking the Monado out of his reach.
 
  “You give, Aniki?”
 
  The greenette struggled for a few seconds before tapping out, and that was when they were called for dinner.
 
  Mina walked up to the two in her gym uniform and pouted.
 
  “You two. My room tonight. Nine o’clock. Bring overnight stuff. Don’t be late.”
 
  She huffed off, leaving the duo confused and starving for dinner.
 
  Dinner was a quick ordeal, made by Kurogiri, who had learned quite a few recipes in her time as Shigaraki’s caretaker.
 
  Izuku put Eri to bed at nine. Nana offered to watch her, and the greenette gladly took her up on the offer.
 
  He packed a bag with some overnight supplies and made his way to Mina’s dorm, meeting Eiko at the door.
 
  “Kirishima.”
 
  “Midoriya.”
 
  They stood there awkwardly for a few seconds.
 
  “Um, should we knock?”
 
  “Y-Yeah.”
 
  Eiko raised her hand to knock on the door and noticed a note.
 
  “Hang on, there’s a note. ‘Kiri, Midori, the door is unlocked. Come on in, press play on the remote when you sit on the couch. Lock the door behind you, I don’t want Mineta to get any ideas. Love, Mina.”
 
  She looked over at Izuku. He shrugged, and the two entered the room.
 
  Eiko locked the door behind her and they made their way to the couch, where an ancient American film called 
  
    Alien 
  
  was ready to be played.
 
  Another note on was on the couch, reading; “Go ahead and play the movie. I’ll be there shortly.”
 
  They looked at each other again and shrugged, playing the movie, and eating some popcorn that Mina had supposedly made.
 
  About thirty minutes into the movie, Izuku felt something drip onto his head. He reached and touched it, his fingers pink.
 
  “Mina?”
 
  The slime dropped from the ceiling onto him and Eiko, and both of them screamed loudly as they thrashed about in the pink jello of her body.
 
  She let them out after a few seconds, laughing loudly as the Christmas colored duo pouted at her.
 
  “Mina! That’s not nice!”
 
  The slime caught her breath and wiped the tears out of her eyes.
 
  “That’s what you get for telling people who my crush was.”
 
  Eiko paused. “Fair enough.”
 
  Izuku was beside himself. 
 
  “What did I do?”
 
  “Be as dense as a neutron star when I was 
  
    clearly 
  
  flirting with you.”
 
  A brief pause ensured.
 
  “Oh. 
  
    Oh. 
  
  I’m such a dumbass…”
 
  “And I thought I was the dumbass, Midori. Now shut up, both of you. You’re going to cuddle me and you’re going to like it!”
 
  She squeezed herself in between Eiko and Izuku and rewound it to the point where she had interrupted it, and held her two crushes tight.
 
  “I love you idiots so much.”
 
  “Love you too, Mina-”
 
  “Shh, be quiet. Ripley’s talking.”
 
  They shut up and watched the movie, snuggling deeper into Mina’s embrace.
 
  This was actually pretty nice. 
 
  But as the movie continued, Izuku wondered just how many other hearts he had managed to charm, and then wisely decided to not think about it.
 
  
    I still can’t shake the feeling that I’m in danger of being Ara-Ara’ed…
  

  
    Chapter Text
    
  Eiko loved physical contact. As a mershark, it was part of her anatomy to seek physical contact from those she loved.
 
  Every part of Mina that made contact with her sent bolts of pleasure through her. Every lingering touch, every brush of the fingers, every slight nudge…
 
  It sent her to cloud nine and beyond.
 
  Eiko was practically melting in Mina’s embrace, and the slime knew exactly what she was doing.
 
  Red lidded eyes met yellow with black sclera. The mershark whined in protest at Mina’s subtle teasing, especially as her pink gelatinous hand drifted down onto her lap.
 
  “Midori?”
 
  “Hmm?”
 
  “Would you mind getting some popcorn from the common area? I forgot to ask you to do it earlier while you were getting other stuff.”
 
  “Sure thing.”
 
  He rose from the couch and paused the movie, slipping on a pair of slippers before heading out the door.
 
  “I’ll be back in a few.”
 
  Mina waited until the door was closed. Then she turned to Eiko with a devious smile on her face, not unlike that of a Cheshire Cat’s.
 
  “Kiri, I think I’ve teased you enough, wouldn’t you agree?”
 
  Eiko gave her the best bedroom eyes and huskily replied.
 
  “Fuck me, Mina.”
 
  The Pink Slime grinned widely, forming tendrils out of herself.
 
  “With pleasure.”

  
  

  Izuku walked out into the hall, heading over to the common room to make some popcorn. It was dark, but the greenette had been in the dorms long enough to know where he was going. So finding the unpopped kernels without waking anyone up was easy enough.
 
  Popping the kernels without waking someone was a whole other ordeal.
 
  But luckily for Izuku, he wasn’t one to give up. So he crept as silently as he could into the kitchen and popped the popcorn bag into the microwave, pressing the appropriate buttons.
 
  The kitchen appliance lit up and made it standard low hum as the kernels began popping, creating a soft ambient sound that filled the area, masking any sounds the greenette would’ve heard.
 
  “Hey Izu.”
 
  Izuku nearly jumped a foot in the air, clutching. He whipped around to meet the source of the voice, finding none other than Himiko Toga, who had snuck up behind him without making any footsteps.
 
  “OhmyheckingGod. Toga, don’t scare me like that!”
 
  The Dhampiric Nekomata giggled. 
 
  “Aw, but you were all alone and helpless in the dark! It’s not safe to go out alone after dark, you know.”
 
  Himiko’s eyes flashed with a lustful gleam.
 
  “Someone could snatch you up and take you away…”
 
  She stepped off the counter she was squatting on and approached Izuku, one step after another.
 
  “And you’d never see your family, friends, or lovers again…”
 
  Himiko chuckled, cupping Izuku’s cheek, toying with him like a cat and its prey.
 
  “But luckily for you, there’s a lot of people here that want to keep you safe. Including me.”
 
  The blonde catgirl moved past him to the refrigerator, fishing out a bag filled a third of the way full with a crimson liquid. A straw poked out of it, and Izuku spotted two other bags just behind it.
 
  The girl sipped the liquid, draining the liquid rather quickly. She frowned, clearly unsatisfied with the results.
 
  Izuku raised an eyebrow.
 
  “Is that blood?”
 
  Himiko nodded.
 
  “Yeah. I usually get a box with thirty bags every month, but the program that was helping myself and others with quirks that rely on blood was shut down to keep hospitals stocked. My mother is trying to figure out how to get blood legally for both of us, but it doesn’t look like there’s anything for us.”
 
  The greenette nodded mournfully.
 
  “Correct me if I’m wrong, but your quirk gives you a psychological need to drink blood, right?”
 
  “That’s right. Glad to see that you paid attention to all those texts I sent you.”
 
  Izuku flushed red.
 
  “Well, yeah…”
 
  The microwave chirped, letting Izuku know that the popcorn was done. Himiko smiled one last time at Izuku.
 
  “Well, I’ll leave you to it. Have fun with Ashido and Kirishima, Izu~.”
 
  She sauntered off, leaving Izuku very flustered and confused. He watched the Dhampiric Nekomata disappear into the night, losing sight of her rather quickly.
 
  The greenette gathered the popcorn into a bowl and made his way back to Mina’s room carefully, trying not to wake anyone up.
 
  He reached the door and slowly turned the knob, hearing some strange noises that suggested that Mina and Eiko were doing some heavy exercise.
 
  “Mina? Kirishima? Are you two alrigh- oh my god.”
 
  
    Smutty times, boys, girls, and other genders. Anyway, Small-Mights BEGONE!!!
  
 
  Eiko was lying on her back, moaning loudly as Mina slid her nude form all over Eiko’s muscular and nude body, using her tendrils to stimulate the mershark’s already sopping pussy and absolutely massive breasts.
 
  The redhead was as red as a tomato, her body overloading just from the pink slime’s gentle ministrations.
 
  “Mina, M-Mina, I-I’m… I’M CUMMING!!!”
 
  She arched her back and screamed in pleasure, Mina sucking all of her liquids through the tendril near her girlfriend’s vagina. She grew slightly larger, her breasts and ass growing by a minimal amount.
 
  Mina shuddered from the taste, her face growing lilac as she bent down to kiss Eiko.
 
  The mershark immediately melted into the kiss, slipping her tongue into the pink slime’s own. She wanted to show her love just how much she meant to her, and hoo boy, she was killing it.
 
  They broke apart so Eiko could breathe, and the mershark panted heavily, her face full of love and affection.
 
  “You taste like pink lemonade.”
 
  Mina giggled. “Really? I guess that’s better than watermelon.”
 
  “I think I could probably crush a watermelon between my thighs.”
 
  
    Oh god, why do I want to be that watermelon?
  
 
  Mina and Eiko stiffened and looked behind them at the door, seeing Izuku standing there with his face blazing with embarrassment.
 
  “Aniki?!”
 
  “Oh hi, Midori. You like the kind of woman that can kick your ass, don’t you?”
 
  A brief awkward silence settled in.
 
  “I said that out loud, didn’t I?”
 
  “Yep.”
 
  Another silence.
 
  “Are you gonna stand there with the popcorn or are you going to come over here and join us?”
 
  “Mina!”
 
  “What? Didn’t you say you wanted to thank your Aniki for indirectly saving your life?”
 
  Eiko’s already tomato face upgraded to cherry red.
 
  “Well, yes, but honestly, I think, um…”
 
  Mina pouted.
 
  “Man, I knew I was good at teasing, but you’ve got me begging to know. What is it, Kiri?”
 
  Eiko looked away.
 
  “I think you should go first.”
 
  Mina blinked.
 
  Her new girlfriend wanted her to go with her childhood crush first?
 
  “I love you.”
 
  Eiko blinked. Tears welled up in her eyes, and she smiled.
 
  “I love you too, Mina.”
 
  They kissed again, leaving Izuku with a boner and a confused face.
 
  “Should I uh, just leave this bowl of popcorn here?”
 
  No response from the kissing couple on the couch.
 
  “Okay, I’m just going to leave this here- ah!”
 
  A pink tendril wrapped around his waist and pulled him gently towards the duo on the couch.
 
  “Uh, alright. I’ll just put the popcorn down and we’ll get started, I guess.”
 
  He barely had enough time to set the bowl down before more of Mina’s tendrils snaked up his body, shedding his clothes and leaving him naked as the day he was born.
 
  Mina and Eiko broke apart to allow the latter to breathe. The slime looked over her shoulder with the most intense pair of bedroom eyes the greenette had ever seen, wiggled her hips tantalizingly at the greenette, and gave him a single command.
 
  “Come here, Midori.”
 
  He did, and got onto his knees on the end of the couch, trying to not tangle his limbs with Eiko’s. Izuku’s eyes drifted to the pink jello ass in front of him, and his dick throbbed in anticipation.
 
  Quickly, Mina placed a contraceptive seal on herself, since her entire body acted as a womb, and well, everything else.
 
  The greenette gripped the slime’s asscheeks in his hands, his fingers sinking into the gelatinous substance she was made of. Mina was warm to the touch, and every movement of Izuku’s hands sent ripples through Mina, who turned to look at Izuku in impatience, dangling her breasts in Eiko’s face.
 
  “Midori, stick it in me already!”
 
  “Right, right. Here we go
  
    ooooohhhhh!”
  
 
  He sank his penis into the slime’s entrance, and the sensation was indescribable. 
 
  She had little resistance and completely took him in with no problem whatsoever. Mina pulsed against his twitching penis, and she shuddered, sending ripples through her entire body.
 
  “Holy shit… I didn’t get a good look at it but you’re fucking 
  
    hung…
  
  ”
 
  Mina shivered and let out a moan as her slime squeezed tightly around Izuku, getting used to his size.
 
  “Jesus fucking christ, Midori. You drank your mom’s milk everyday, right?”
 
  “I still do. She sends me a gallon every week. Eri and I drain it rather quickly, so we’re glad she does.”
 
  “Well, fuck me.”
 
  “What?”
 
  Mina pouted at him again.
 
  “Midori, stop being a dumbass and plow me like a goddamn field.”
 
  Izuku didn’t respond.
 
  “Midori?”
 
  Suddenly, his grip on Mina’s ass tightened, his fingertips breaching the surface and submerging themselves into the pink slime.
 
  He began pistoning into her at full speed, throwing Mina’s pleasure center out of whack.
 
  You see, when Slime Mamono are aroused, their bodies exude a special kind of slime that acts as an aphrodisiac. While it is not quite on the same level as Manticore venom, it acts faster and is capable of reducing those it touches into horny messes.
 
  Which is why Izuku was currently taking Mina on the train to pound town on express.
 
  “Oh - fucking - ah - Midori - harder!”
 
  Somehow, he obliged and began slapping his pelvis on Mina’s jello one with enough force to rock the couch.
 
  Her entire being rippled with each collision of their hips, and her breasts squished against Eiko’s face, the touch-sensitive shark girl coming under the effects of the aphrodisiac slime.
 
  Eiko found a heat building up within her, and through Mina’s pink translucent body, she saw Izuku’s dick moving through her girlfriend like an industrial piston.
 
  She wanted that inside of her, but her girlfriend was in the way.
 
  So the redhead took matters into her own hands.
 
  Quite literally.
 
  Eiko pushed her hands through Mina’s body, reaching Izuku’s penis and grasping it firmly.
 
  It twitched angrily in her hands, threatening to burst at any second.
 
  That just wouldn’t do. No, not at all.
 
  The mershark pulled Izuku onto Mina, submerging his hips into the slime’s body and bringing her own hips up to meet him.
 
  With the brief amount of coherent thought she had left, Eiko quickly cast a contraceptive seal on her womb and lined Izuku up with her entrance, allowing him to push in.
 
  It hurt so good.
 
  If the slight touches had caused a river of fluids due to her hypersensitive anatomy, the insertion of the mighty Dicku had caused the Great Flood.
 
  Blood and fluids flooded out of Eiko’s opening, giving Mina a slightly darker coloration and a slightly bigger body.
 
  Izuku was still technically penetrating both Mina and Eiko, as the slime was acting as a sort of permeable condom between the two of them.
 
  But at the rate he was going, it was only a matter of time before he came.
 
  Eiko’s body was paralyzed.
 
  The pleasure she was feeling… it was unlike anything she had ever felt before.
 
  Wave after wave of pure unadulterated bliss was assaulting her senses, overstimulating her body, and rapidly reaching a breaking point.
 
  The pleasure overloaded her brain, reducing her to a horny shark with one purpose: to find a mate and breed.
 
  She went into a fucking frenzy, crashing her hips through Mina’s and into Izuku, and the horny trio worked as a well-oiled fucking machine.
 
  That machine went into overdrive, husky breaths and moans filling the air as they rapidly approached their climax, reaching their peak together and crashing down over the edge.
 
  Izuku burst within Mina and Eiko, filling the shark girl to the brim with his seed, the pearly white liquid overflowing from her and collecting in Mina.
 
  All three of them screamed in climax, collapsing on top of one another as the afterglow set in.
 
  “Wait, Mina, are you glowing?”
 
  Indeed she was. A faint pink glow emanated from the pink slime, who had fallen asleep from her climax and was currently using her sleeping girlfriend’s breasts as pillows.
 
  Exhaustion hit Izuku like a truck, and he smiled before snuggling next to Eiko and closing his eyes.
 
  He fell asleep, snuggling the slime and shark.

  
    Chapter Text
    
  As a Mamono herself, Shiko Aizawa understood that lust was a part of everyday life for eighty percent of the population of the world. While there were methods that suppressed this lust, they usually did not end well. Then again, the end result depended on what you defined as well. Either way, the Medusa had found not one, but two partners who were willing to help her with her own lust.
 
  Yes, Shiko Aizawa has and is still capable of getting some action. Sorry for putting that image in your head.
 
  Regardless, she knew that Mamono could be as thirsty as a man in the desert for days without water, but this?
 
  This was getting ridiculous.
 
  The Medusa pinched the bridge of her nose, sighing in complete and utter disappointment. Before her, Doi, Hana, and Minerva stared at the ground, the three of them in their gym clothes and cheeks flushed in arousal. Minerva held an ice pack over her eye, which had swollen to a color matching one of the grapes that made up her pigtails.
 
  “Explain to me why exactly Kayama had to sedate and restrain Bakugo.”
 
  The Three Stooges said nothing, their gaze magnetized to a very fascinating pebble in front of them. Aizawa sighed again, her hair getting pissy. The snakes hissed, their tongues flicking out at the three girls.
 
  “If you all do not tell me in the next minute, I have no choice but to sign the three of you up for cleaning duty.”
 
  That didn’t sound too bad, actually. Cleaning duty wasn’t pleasant, but it wasn’t the end of the world.
 
  “If you do not tell me in two minutes, I’ll have Lunch Rush feed the hero course nothing but Taco Bell for a week, and you will be cleaning the bathrooms daily for a week.”
 
  They all looked up at their teacher in shock. “Sensei, you can’t be serious!”
 
  “Two weeks. I can make longer, you three.”
 
  Hana paled, Doi short-circuited in shock, and Minerva suddenly felt smaller than she already was. There was no point in trying to avoid punishment after all this. The Hoblin sighed, relaxing and looking away, ashamed of herself.
 
  “We were planning to peep at Midoriya. Or at least, I was.”
 
  Doi snapped out of her daze, looking at Minerva curiously. “Hey, that’s not what-
  
    ow!”
  
   Hana removed her elbow from the Zinogre’s side, pretending that nothing had happened. 
 
  “I was the one that reopened the hole in the wall with the goal of ultimately seeing Midoriya in a compromising position.”
 
  “Sero, Kaminari, is this true?” Shiko asked, clearly annoyed. Not wanting to upset her any more than they already had, the duo nodded.
 
  Shiko seemed to accept this answer. “Alright. I’m guessing you two pulled Bakugo off Mineta?”
 
  They nodded again.
 
  “I see. Thank you for preventing any other casualties. However, for attempting to view another student in a compromising position, both of you will be on laundry duty for the week.”
 
  Doi opened her mouth to complain, then wisely shut it. Hana nodded, not wanting to get into a bigger hole then she was already in.
 
  “As for you, Mineta…”
 
  Minerva flinched under Shiko’s piercing gaze, whimpering slightly. It was over. She was going home. There was no coming back from this. Her career was over. The hobgoblin closed her eyes, dread washing over her. If only she had stopped being horny for even just a few seconds…
 
  “I could expel you, but that would be a waste of your potential.”
 
  A sadistic smile spread over Shiko’s face. Every instinct of Minerva’s told her to run, but she couldn’t. Her feet felt leaden, and running seemed futile. She knew how fast her teacher was.
 
  “You, along with Bakugo, will report to Kayama after this training exercise is over. Do you understand?”
 
  All the color drained from the grapehead’s face. She wanted to protest, wanted to beg at her teacher’s feet to do 
  
    anything
  
   but report to Nemuri, but she had no choice. Defeated, Minerva hung her head, accepting her defeat.
 
  “I-I understand.”
 
  “Good. Rejoin your class. I expect the three of you to use the full extent of your power out there today.”
 
  Wordlessly, the three troublemakers left Aizawa, moving to the training field were their classmates waited, along with Nemuri and Shiori. The former was in a mood after to deal with Katsumi, which would only get worse when she had to deal with Minerva’s perverted shenanigans. The latter looked at her watch, grinning when she saw what time it was.
 
  “Glad you could join us, you three. You’re just in time!”
 
  Izuku raised his hand. Shiori noticed and called on him. “Sensei, what or who exactly are we waiting for?”
 
  “Your senpais. They’ve been here for three years now, and these three have worked their way up the school rankings as the best three students in U.A. They have a lot to teach you, so pay attention. So, without further ado, I’d like to introduce you all to your senpais, the Big Three!”
 
  The door to the training field flew open, and three figures strode onto the grass. The lead figure was tall, had short cut blonde hair, and muscular, like her companions. She wore a massive smile on her face, her Tintin-like eyes gleaming in the midday sun. If Izuku was honest, she reminded him of a younger All-Might. But there was something off about her, but the greenette couldn’t quite place it. 
 
  The girl to her right clearly wanted to be anywhere then where she was at the current moment. Her spiky black hair was styled in a way that was very similar to a secondary protagonist from a very popular pre-quirk manga and anime series. She locked her gaze to the ground, not making eye contact with anyone else. Three spikes protruded behind each of her ears matching the blue, of her eyes. She appeared to be some kind of chimera, and Izuku swore he knew what from, but the thought danced just out of reach.
 
  The last girl had periwinkle blue hair and eyes, wing-like protrusions on near her ears, and a single, small white horn on her upper forehead. A small, dark blue orb between her clavicles, just above her breasts. Her torso was human, but her lower body was serpentine with a white underbelly, ending several feet behind her in a tail tipped with two orbs similar to the one on her chest. She smiled widely, full of energy and enthusiasm.
 
  The leader of the three waved, flashing a brilliant smile that was almost a photocopy of All-Might’s.
 
  “Hello, kouhais! We are the Big Three, and your teachers have asked for our help in training in you all for the sports festival in two weeks! Now before we begin, I believe introductions are in order.”
 
  She pointed her thumb to herself. “I’m Miria Togata! Nice to meet you all!”
 
  The seemingly Lamia girl waved, her energy practically pouring out of her. “I’m Nejire Hadou! Let’s all work together and do our best, okay?”
 
  The black-haired girl seemed completely out of it and avoided eye contact. In a voice that was barely audible, she spoke. “Tamako Amajiki. I hope we can all get along.”
 
  Miria thankfully took the spotlight off of her, redirecting all attention to herself. “Now that we all are acquainted, I think that the best way to understand how to help you all improve is to engage in a friendly spar!”
 
  The class began gasped, whispering to amongst themselves. Miria raised her hands, quieting the class. “I bet you’re all wondering how this is going to work. Well, rather than speculating, I’ll tell you.”
 
  She clapped her hands together, all those present flinching at the sound.
 
  “There’s twenty-nine of you, so it won’t be completely even, but we’re going to split you alphabetically into three groups of ten. The last group will have nine. Anyway, we’ll fight you all one-verseus-ten. I’ll start, then Amajiki will go, then Hadou. I trust you all know the roll call by now?”
 
  The class nodded. “Good. Let’s get going! First ten, I’ll be fighting you in five. Everyone else, to the bleachers!”
 
  Class 1-AB quickly organized themselves according to the Japanese Alphabet, and then they discovered that they were only twenty-eight strong, as Katsumi was unconscious and restrained. Miria shrugged it off, allowing two groups of nine and one of ten, which she would be fighting.
 
  Eri and Nana came to visit, the small dragon girl sitting in Izuku’s lap as the first ten students of 1-A faced Miria.
 
  “Aoyama, Mina, Tsu-chan, Iida, Intelli, Utsushimi, Ochako, Kaminari, Eiko, and Kendo. Their quirks are all very different, but if they can all work together, they’ll surely win against Togata-senpai.” Izuku said as he ran his hands through Eri’s hair. She relaxed against him, her eyes scanning the field before her.
 
  “I think you’re being a bit too optimistic there, kid. You don’t know what a Gengar like Togata is capable of.” Nana replied, the Monado resting in her lap.
 
  Izuku’s faced paled. He turned back to the training field, seeing Miria stretching causally in her gym uniform. Everything that had seemed off about his senpai suddenly clicked into place. 
 
  Gengars were among the most terrifying of undead Mamono. Their prankster attitude kept them from doing anything too bad, but if one were to really put its mind to it, the victims of its attacks would suffer greatly. They were capable of using a person’s worst fears against them, striking quickly and without mercy.
 
  “They’re screwed.”
 
  “I’ll say.” A new voice said from where Tamako and Nejire were sitting nearby. “These greenies may have fended off a villain attack, but against Togata? They don’t stand a chance.”
 
  Nejire raised an eyebrow at the newcomer. “Yuyu, when did you get here?”
 
  Yuyu Haya, a Lycanroc werewolf of the Dusk subspecies, smiled at her best friend. “Just a few seconds ago, actually. I’m here to watch my best friend kick some ass.”
 
  Nejire’s expression turned affectionate, and she hugged Yuyu close. The Lycanroc blushed, trying to suppress her obvious joy of being hugged by her best friend. Her tail wagged, brushing the seat behind her.
 
  “Alright then!” Miria faced her lowerclassmen, standing in a neutral pose. “Come at me!”
 
  Eiko grinned, Hardening her body and lunging forward together with Saiko, Itsuka, and Iida. “Alright then, senpai.” She swung her Hardened fist at the Gengar, her pointy teeth gleaming in the sunlight.
 
  Suddenly, Miria’s clothes fell off her body, leaving her as naked as the day as she was born. Kyomo screeched, her face growing red. Izuku quickly covered Eri’s eyes, not wanting her innocence to be ruined. Eiko was surprised, but continued her assault with a roar of challenge.
 
  Miria just stood there, her stance unchanging as Eiko’s fist passed through her, along with her arm and the rest of her body. The Gengar turned to face the mershark, a small smile on her face.
 
  “So you prefer to fight your enemies head-on, acting as a shield for your allies?” Miria asked, pride swelling in her chest. “That’s very admirable of you.”
 
  Saiko stepped in, raising her enchanted kanabo high above her head. “You’re full of openings!” The war club came down with every ounce of the Blue Oni’s strength, colliding with the arm of her senpai.
 
  Miria seemed just as surprised as everyone when the bones in her forearm snapped like twigs. Ultimately, it was that surprise that overruled the pain she felt. 
 
  “Well, that’s a problem.”
 
  Saiko roared as she heaved the kanabo up again, charging up another strike. 
 
  “Fortunately, Lady Nighteye taught me how to deal with situations like this.”
 
  She disappeared in the blink of an eye, sinking into the floor. Seconds later, she reappeared behind Yuka, catching the Titania completely off guard. A single punch to the midsection completely disarmed her, and before anyone could react, she was already behind Itsuka.
 
  “Nothing personal, kid.”
 
  Another student dropped. Then another. And another. One by one, faster than anyone could track, until only Saiko remained.
 
  The two to them stared at each other, sizing each other up. Saiko held her kanabo at the ready, waiting for the Gengar to make the first move. Miria smiled at her, wincing at the pain in her broken arm.
 
  “Someone’s done their homework. Enchanting that club with a quirk nullification spell? That’s something not many first years can do.”
 
  Saiko didn’t respond, holding her stance firm and steady. Her grip on the Kanabo did not falter, and her steel-like gaze was starting to bore a hole through her senpai. Miria grinned, deciding to have a little fun with her kouhai.
 
  “Hey.” She said, covering her breasts and nethers. “My eyes are up here.”
 
  Saiko flustered, her stance shifting slightly off balance. She blinked, and Miria was gone. 
 
  The Gengar’s fist rocketed into her midsection, knocking the wind out of her. The Blue Oni collapsed, leaving Mirio standing thankfully with her clothes on in a pose with her arms raised letting out her victory catchphrase.
 
  “POWERRR!!!”
 
  The rest of the class was in shock, besides Izuku, who looked grimly at his classmates. Nana shook her head, not impressed either.
 
  Miria turned to the bleachers, beaming at her fellow hero students. “Well, that was my fight. Tamako, you’re up.” She winced, holding her broken arm. “Can someone get Recovery Girl? This needs to be looked at.”
 
  Tamako sighed, picking herself up from the bleachers as her sparring group helped their fallen comrades to the bleachers.
 
  Yui, Kanna, Kinoko, Shoko, Ibara, Mai, Hana, Pony, and Tetsutetsu stepped off the bleachers, ready to face Tamako.
 
  “Are you ready?” She asked, looking very uncomfortable.
 
  The group of nine nodded.
 
  “Okay. I’ll let you guys make the first mov-”
 
  Ibara’s vines erupted from the ground, ensnaring Tamako in their clutches. Hana immediately followed up with her tape and webs, trapping their senpai in a cocoon.
 
  “Oh. That was fast. And wordless teamwork is good too. You all did pretty well.”
 
  The group relaxed, celebrating their victory and high-fiving each other.
 
  “...but you should’ve made sure to bind my legs.”
 
  Octopus tentacles suddenly seized Kinoko, immobilizing her and tossing her into her classmates. Chicken talons cut Tamako free from her bindings, she emerged as the world’s angriest seafood buffet.
 
  Shoko responded to the threat by thrusting her right arm forward, creating a precipice of ice that severed the octopus tentacles holding the mushroom girl captive. Kinoko squealed, scrambling away from the remnants of lunch. Tamako shivered from the cold, withdrawing her tentacles into her fingers and observing her opponents.
 
  “Hmm. Something tells me that normally, you would’ve gone for me instead of saving your ally.”
 
  The Ninetales grit her teeth, her left side bursting into flame. Tamako’s expression did not change. She stepped forward, waiting for the first years to make the first move. Shoko unleashed a pillar of flame directly at the approaching chimera, her composure faltering for a brief moment.
 
  Tamako did not make any attempt to evade the inferno, facing it head-on. The flames washed over her, creating a large cloud of smoke that hid the chimera from sight. Shoko panted heavily, smoke rolling off her left arm, were her gym clothing was singed completely.
 
  Pony looked over at her teammates, unsure of what just happened.
 
  “Did we win?”
 
  Izuku’s confidence in his classmates’ chances plummeted. After seeing what his senpai could do, he realized that she was a Sivally Chimera, which synergized extremely well with her quirk, which appeared to be manifesting animal traits. But what was the drawback?
 
  Suddenly, a shape burst from the smoke cloud and collided head-on with Pony, who barely had enough time to plant her feet into the ground. She pushed back against the foreign object, realizing that Tamako had formed a shield using clamshells. The exterior was scorched, which explained how she had survived the inferno unscathed.
 
  “Not bad. You have good reflexes.”
 
  Tentacles seized Pony by the midsection,  lifting her off the ground. Tamako swung her in a wide arc, catching Ibara and Kinoko off guard. The two nature-based girls where knocked asunder, colliding with the ground, where they remained. Pony was slammed hard enough into the ground to bury her feet, rendering her helpless.
 
  Bolts of energy bounced off of Tamako’s clamshell shield, getting her attention. She narrowly avoided two pebbles that suddenly grew to the size of large boulders, seizing one with her tentacle fingers and hurling back at Yui. The automaton calmly shifted her right hand into an energy blaster and vaporized the rock, her normally stoic face gaining a shocked expression when Tamako appeared from behind the vaporized rock. The chimera opened her mouth and spewed water onto her, short-circuiting her systems.
 
  Kanna opened her mouth, shouting a command in an incomprehensible language of the ancients. Tamako struggled against her influence, clapping her hands over her ears in an effort to keep the all commanding voice from controlling her. Tetsutetsu took that moment to charge her, screaming in a manly challenge.
 
  Unfortunately, that was enough to cancel out Kanna’s voice. Tamako jumped, stomping down on Tetsu’s head, sending it hard into the ground. She immediately wrapped Kanna in her tentacles and hurled the impromptu projectile at Shoko, who had no time to evade.
 
  Both students were taken out at once, leaving Tamako panting heavily in a field of incapacitated students. She huffed, gathered the scraps of her shoes and made her way back to the bleachers. Nejire slithered up to her and smiled, happy of her friend’s achievement.
 
  “Alright! My group, let’s get your classmates to the bleachers, and then we’ll fight, okay?”
 
  She said it in such an innocent and excitable tone that the nine students facing her could not help but let their spirits rise. They helped their fellow students onto the bleachers, then faced Nejire on the field.
 
  
    Tokage can distract her by separating her body. Tokoyami can use Dark Shadow to deal damage from close and long range. Toga is a wild card, as Monoma. Mineta can set traps, Yanagi can provide artillery if needed, and Kyomo… I’m not entirely sure of her full capabilities.
  
 
  Izuku looked down as the Monado in his hands, acknowledging that while he wouldn’t be able to harm Nejire with its blade, he could definitely support his classmates with visions and Monado Shield.
 
  Eri sat on Nana’s lap her eyes locked on Izuku. “You can do it, Papa!”
 
  His daughter’s encouragement strengthed his resolve. The greenette held the Monado in a firm stance, activating it. The blade sprang to life, crackling with energy. Taking a quick survey around himself, he noticed that the rest of his classmates were focused and determined. Kyomo stood with her staff at the ready, most likely already calculating their senpai’s weakness. Tokoyami summoned Dark Shadow, and Reiko levitated a few boulders.
 
  Nejire smiled. “I’d like this to be somewhat fair, so I’ll let you all take the first move!”
 
  No one moved a muscle until Neiro suddenly sprouted a pair of fox ears and nine fluffy tails. She smirked, stepping forward and raising her right arm.
 
  “Take this, senpai!”
 
  A wall of ice raced toward Nejire at a speed slower than Shoko’s ice walls, threatening to encase her if she did not act. She put her finger to her chin in an expression of curiosity.
 
  “Oooh, a copy quirk. It seems to be less powerful, but still strong if used in the right circumstances.” She raised both of her arms, her expression still bright. “I wonder how strong it is. Weaker? Probably. Only one way to find out!”
 
  She activated her quirk, spirals of yellow energy erupting from her arms and destroying the ice in seconds, creating a fine mist that quickly dissipated in the midday sun. Neiro balked, and suddenly Nejire was in front of her.
 
  “You’re too much of a wild card for me let wander around anymore.”
 
  Her tail whipped behind Neiro and batted her at the base of her neck. The doppelganger collapsed, and suddenly a vision of Reiko, Minerva, and Fumiko having their group attack blasted back at them flashed before Izuku’s eyes. He whipped around to warn the three that simultaneously attacked Nejire, dread filling his mind.
 
  The periwinkle whirlwind of a girl raised on hand in a stop sign position, a grin spreading over her face.
 
  “Stop! You have violated the law. Pay the court a fine or serve your sentence. Your stolen goods are now forfeit.”
 
  The three that Izuku saw in his vision worked together to create a boulder covered by Minvera’s grapes. Reiko hurled it with her quirk in Nejire’s direction. The girl smiled, they were playing right into her hands.
 
  “Then pay with your blood!”
 
  Nejire blasted the boulder back at trio, who also got caught in the yellow spiral of destruction. Quickly, the girl whipped around to snatch Setsuna’s head out of the air, completely catching her off guard.
 
  “What?! How?!”
 
  “Plot convenience. One dragon to another, I’m sorry about this.”
 
  “Sorry about wh-”
 
  Nejire slammed Setsuna’s face onto the orb on her chest, knocking the zombie dragon out. With a yowl as her battle cry, Himiko lept at her senpai with claws extended, actually managing to get a few hits off.  Nejire looked at her, annoyed, and waved the tip of her tail in front of the Nekomata’s face. Himiko’s cat instincts overtook her, and she jumped at the orbs, trying to grab the shiny material.
 
  While the dragon was busy entertaining the cat with her tail, Kyomo finally finished their incantation, her eyes glowing pure white as her body morphed into that of a Noivern’s. They screeched in challenge, immediately getting Nejire’s attention. Himiko lunged on her tail, snagging the orbs in her hands and biting on them. The dragon girl simply whipped her tail hard, sending Himiko flying over to the side where she landed, dazed.
 
  Nejire crossed her arm, gazing up at the bat wyvern that had challenged her.
 
  “Oh, so you want to play that way? Sure. We’ll play that way.”
 
  She closed her eyes, and her body began to glow, elongating and growing taller until she towered over her kouhai. Her new form was long and serpentine, blue with a white underbelly and piercing black eyes that seemed pissed with the upstart Noivern in front of her.
 
  Izuku’s jaw dropped.
 
  “She’s a Dragonair Ryu?!”
 
  Nejire roared in confirmation, unleashing another spiral attack that Kyomo barely avoided. She took flight, unleashing sound attacks that appeared to do little to no damage.
 
  The sobering reality hit Izuku like a truck. There was no way they were going to win this. The gap between them and the big three was simply too wide. 
 
  Nejire used the speed of her dragon form to her advantage, completely out speeding Kyomo. She struck the Noivern again and again and again, knocking them to the ground. The amalgam student screeched in agony, and Izuku knew he had to do something.
 
  Nejire was simply too fast to do any lasting damage. And there was nothing Kyomo could do in that form to catch up. She watched in vain as the Dragonair coiled herself like a spring, ready to strike. Izukus swore under his breath, rushing forward to do something,
  
     anything 
  
  to help his classmate.
 
  Kyomo decided to divebomb Nejire in an attempt to pin the serpentine dragon to the ground. They flew just out of the Dragonair’s reach, staying high above the ground. They screeched, challenging the dragon once more.
 
  A vision flashed before Izuku’s eyes. Kyomo divebombed Nejire, but the Dragonair shot spirals at them. Kyomo did their best to dodge the spirals, but ultimately, they were shot down. They just weren’t fast enough.
 
  Izuku clutched the Monado in his hand, his wish to help Kyomo burning deep within him, but their wasn’t much he could do. 
 
  
    Kyomo needs to be faster, or they’ll get shot down. But there’s no way that she could go any faster than Hadou-senpai’s spirals. She’ll get shot down, and we’ll lose. 
  
 
  He clenched his fist, not wanting to be useless in the fight. He wanted to help Kyomo, even if it meant hurting himself.
 
  The Monado responded to him, the kanji for speed appearing in its center. He charged forward, somehow knowing what to do.
 
  Kyomo divebombed, racing towards Nejire at a high speed, but they needed to go faster. Izuku slid to a stop and swung the Monado in an arc in front of him, blue energy rushing to Kyomo as he shouted,
 
  “MONADO SPEED!”
 
  The energy washed over Kyomo, surrounding them and boosting their speed. Nejire’s spirals came at them, and they nimbly moved out of the way, effortlessly dodging each on the attacks. The Dragonair’s eyes widened as the Noivern came down like a meteor, plowing into the serpentine body of Nejire and sending up a massive dust cloud.
 
  Izuku coughed, rushing into the cloud to find Kyomo.
 
  “Yaoyorou! Yaoyorou, where are you?!”
 
  He saw their prone human body lying not far from Nejire. He rushed over, checking for injuries and a pulse, relaxing when he felt their heartbeat. Rubble shifted as the now-humanish Dragonair shoved debris off of herself, finding Izuku standing over Kyomo, guarding her.
 
  “You won! Congrats! Thanks to your quick thinking and boosting your classmate, you were able to subdue me. I concede the match to your group.”
 
  The greenette raised an eyebrow, confused. “Senpai, you’re still standing.”
 
  Nejire nodded. “If I did anything more, I’d probably cause a lot of property damage. Anyways, we need to get your classmates to the infirmary. I hope I didn’t hurt anyone too badly…”
 
  The dust cleared, revealing a training field that looked like it had been in a war. Several of Izuku’s classmates lay unconscious on the ground, and there were craters and rubble everywhere. Nejire laughed sheepishly, knowing that she was in for it.
 
  “I think I overdid it. I meant to only use five percent of my strength, not eight.”
 
  Izuku balked. All of this destruction was only eight percent of his senpai’s power? He watched as Aizawa slithered over and chewed Nejire out, the Dragonair apologizing profusely for what she had done. Behind the teacher and student, Yuyu, Miria, and Tamako stood, and Izuku gulped. He knew the gap between himself and where his senpais were now was big, but now it seemed like a chasm that could not be crossed.
 
  “What did I get myself into?!”

  
    Chapter Text
    
  March 23rd, 23XX
 
  MIdoriya Family Residence
 
  Izuku landed without much trouble, the shock-absorbing guards on his legs working as intended. He made a mental note to thank Mei somehow. She and Melissa were always hard at work making sure that his support gear always worked, and that gear had saved his life more than once. 
 
  Unfortunately, Melissa was away on I-Island visiting with her mother. It would be a few days until she got back, which left Mei angsty and lonely. Normally, the gremlin would’ve liked her solitude, but after meeting Melissa, everything changed. She found a kindred spirit in the older and taller half-gremlin, and it hurt to see her go. Which was odd, considering that she had never felt like that around anybody but Izuku.
 
  Speaking of, the greenette shook off the minor shock that rippled through his lower legs, heading into the massive house that composed his family’s estate. Being the number one hero had its perks. And picking a place that was very far from any of the neighbors helped with the noise problem. He reached for the front door, opening it and immediately getting tackled by a seven-year-old dragon-shaped projectile of joy.
 
  “Papa!”
 
  Izuku chuckled, bending down and scooping Eri up in a hug. Hero training had toned his body, granting him an extra inch of height and sculpted his body into an Adonis figure, which was perfect for cuddling. 
 
  “Heya, Eri. What have you been up to today?”
 
  “Grandma took me to the park, and I got to play with the other kids! We played tag, and hide and seek, and climbed the monkey bars and played on the slide!”
 
  “Wow. It sounds like you had a lot of fun.”
 
  “I did!”
 
  Inko smiled at the sight of her son holding her granddaughter. It warmed her heart to see the two of them interacting in such adorable ways. Ochako soon joined her, sighing dreamily as she gazed at her husband doting over their daughter.
 
  “Izuku, you get along so well with Eri. Have you thought about having other children yet?”
 
  Inko’s question made Eri echo the question in her own words. “Yeah, Papa. When am I going to have little brothers and sisters?”
 
  Izuku flustered, not sure how to answer the question. He looked over to Ochako for help, and she offered him a smile that hid a certain hunger she had.
 
  It wasn’t that he didn’t want other children. He just didn’t know if any of his spouses wanted children. Scratch that. He knew Ochako wanted children, but he didn’t know who else besides her wanted children.
 
  “Uh… your mothers and I have to talk about that. We’re not sure if want to have other children yet, but it is a conversation we’re going to have.”
 
  Eri’s face fell in disappointment. “Okay…”
 
  “Eri, it’s just a matter of time. Don’t worry about it, okay?” Ochako assured Eri, who nodded glumly. Now, I’m sure you’re hungry. It was Momo’s turn to make dinner tonight, right?” 
 
  Izuku paled. “It’s Momo’s turn to make dinner?”
 
  “Yeah, why-” Ochako’s eyes shot open in shock. “Oh no.”
 
  “Please tell me she didn’t go in there by herself.”
 
  “I think she did.”
 
  Izuku hurriedly set Eri down and rushed to the kitchen, expecting the worst. Food everywhere, splattered on the walls and ceiling, somehow water burning on the stovetop. And Momo sitting in the middle of it all, holding a bowl in her lap and rocking back and forth, mumbling something about just trying to make rice.
 
  They raced into the kitchen, ready to comfort Momo, but there was no disaster. No mess to clean up or crying Dark Mage to pull onto her feet. Everything seemed fine, actually. But Momo was not the only one cooking. Rather, Ryukyu, Momo, and Kyoka were all pitching in to make dinner for the night. Mei was there too, trying to help out.
 
  Unfortunately, her idea of helping meant eating the food as it was cooking, which resulted in Mei being put into the time out corner. She sat there with her arms crossed, her brow furrowed and the most adorable pout on her face. Izuku couldn’t help but chuckle, and her face lit up.
 
  “Zuku!”
 
  The gremlin’s voice caused the other three women in the room to turn to Izuku and smile as he approached. Mei scrambled up from the corner and hugged her husband, rubbing her face into his midsection. 
 
  “You have no idea how much I missed you!”
 
  “Mei, I was gone for an hour.”
 
  She pouted. “An hour too long! Bastion wouldn’t let me into the workshop because apparently I was ‘stress building again.’ Well, excuse me for not having my wife to help me out with new babies!”
 
  Ryukyu gave the gremlin a look. “Mei, I know you miss Melissa, but seriously. Throwing yourself into the workshop like that is never good. Remember what happened last time?”
 
  Mei paled. “Oh, right. Cocoa bunny still is mad at me for accidentally turning her arm into a vibrator.”
 
  Izuku sighed. “Mei, I know you were just trying to help, and we appreciate that, but please. Save some of the meal of the others, alright? Who is in today, anyway?”
 
  Momo allowed Kyoka to take over from the dish she was working on. Pulling out a tablet she kept on herself to manage the household. She pulled up a list of which of the wives would be staying in the house, doing a quick count.
 
  “Myself, Kyoka, Ryukyu, Rumi, Moe, Mei, Nejire, Ochako, Pony, Nemuri, Mina, and Eiko. They should be coming in for dinner shortly. Eri, would you please help me set the table while your father and Mei round everyone up for dinner?”
 
  “Okay, Mama Momo!”
 
  The girl skipped over to the silverware drawer, asking how many places to be set while Momo helped her count. Mei grabbed Izuku’s hand, her energy off the charts.
 
  “Oh, one more thing, Mei.” Momo called after the retreating gremlin, “Tell the others that Operation Okaa-san is tonight.”
 
  “Sure thing!” She grabbed Izuku’s hand pulling him away before his questions could be answered. They stopped at the private gym first, finding Rumi and Eiko locked in an arm-wrestling match. Moe and Mina cheered their wives on, and both Mamono strained against the other.
 
  But someone had to give. Eiko’s strength faltered for half a second, and Rumi pressed down with all of her might, slamming the mershark’s arm onto the table. She sighed, and Moe cheered loudly. 
 
  “Nice match, Eiko. Rematch later?”
 
  “You’re on, Rumi. And this time, I won’t lose!”
 
  “I like your attitude! Now let’s go eat!” She stood from the table, looking over and seeing Izuku. Rumi licked her lips, strutting over to him. She was wearing her normal workout clothes, which consisted of a simple black tank top, and a pair of modified yoga pants to allow for her tail, all of which hugged her muscular and yet somehow plump figure.
 
  “Well hello there, handsome. You like what you see?”
 
  Izuku’s eyes roamed over Rumi, taking in all of her. Her curves, her bare abs, the thighs that looked like they could crush a watermelon between them with ease, and her prosthetic arm. She had lost her left arm in a fight against a few High End Nomus, but Mei and Melissa had immediately gotten to work in building her a prosthetic that fit her needs without any bells or whistles. 
 
  Rumi wore it with pride, sticking with her philosophy of no regrets and moving on with her life instead of mourning the loss of her left arm. Besides, the prosthetic looked badass and ‘sexy as fuck,’ according to Moe. 
 
  “I love what I see.”
 
  The Lopunny laughed, booping her husband’s nose. “Good answer. Now kiss me.”
 
  They kissed, earning a few cries of protest from Mei and Mina. They broke apart after a few seconds, a haze starting to settle in over their eyes.
 
  “Zuku, you can wait until after dinner! Let’s go!” Mei’s hand grabbed his shirt, pulling him from his bunny beauty. “Dinner is ready!”
 
  They stepped out into the hall, and Mei got a call from Momo that all of the wives had reported for dinner. The six of them made their way to the dining room, where Mei copped a feel of Izuku’s ass before taking her place at the table. There were fifteen at the table, all chatting amongst themselves about anything and everything under the sun.
 
  “So Izuku, have you given any thought to children at all?” Nemuri asked, her black hair speckled with white dots, almost like a midnight sky. Izuku finished his mouthful of sliced pork, then replied, “Well, I know I’m ready for more children. I don’t know if any of you are ready for more kids, so I thought I’d ask.”
 
  The rest of the wives nodded, thankful that their husband was considerate. They ate their meal, and Izuku offered to do the dishes like he always did, but strangely, none of his wives objected. Instead, they made sure that Eri was spending the night with Inko in a completely different side of the house, far from Izuku’s bedroom. 
 
  Izuku finished the dishes, exiting the kitchen to find a note on the table from his wives.
 
  
    We’ll be seeing you soon~ ;)
  
 
  The message felt ominous, but he knew that his wives wouldn’t hurt him unless they were in the mood for a masochist sub. What he did know was that he had some free time, doing whatever he wanted.
 
  Which was watching some of the newest heroes debut on television, and scribbling down notes in a notebook like he had always done. Izuku picked up the remote, switched on the TV, and began scribbling down notes on a new phantom hero who used her quirk to possess inanimate objects against a villain composed of a swarm of angry hornets.
 
  “Possessing inanimate objects is a very unique quirk. The object possessed seems to be able to move despite not having the necessary requirements to do so. Using your environment against your opponent is a solid strategy, but I wonder just how far the quirk can be used. Can it possess electronics? Maybe it would be able to possess people if the quirk mutated. But what would be the drawback of such possession? Would it be possible that the host would snap if pushed to do something that they wouldn’t do-
  
    umphh!
  
  ”
 
  
    Smut time boyos! The chapter ends here for you, Small-Mights!
  
 
  Mei plopped herself in Izuku’s lap, pushing his notebook out of his hands and pressing herself against Izuku’s chest, letting her amble breasts squish against him. Her husband blushed, still not used to Mei’s seduction.
 
  “Zuku, I wanna make babies.”
 
  “Mei, we talked about this. No stress inventing.”
 
  “Not those kind of babies, Zuku.” Mei said, grinding herself against Izuku’s crotch. He groaned from the pleasure, blood rushing south. Mei smiled, glad that she had that power over her husband. “I wanna make actual babies with you.”
 
  The greenette’s face turned red with embarrassment. “H-Here? Now?”
 
  Mei’s smile was lustful and filled with mischief. “Yep! So shut up and pull out your dick already! We’re not stopping until I’m filled completely to the brim!”
 
  “Mei, what about the others-” Mei’s tank top hit him in the face, her scent invading his nostrils. Her pants and underwear hit the floor next, leaving her completely naked.
 
  “Come on, Zuku!” She grabbed the hem of his shirt, pulling it along with the rest of his clothes off in on go. “It’s baby-making time!”
 
  She began rubbing her moist entrance against his erect member, getting her husband into the mood. He finally gave in and took Mei’s breasts into his hands, squeezing the orbs gently. Mei moaned as Izuku took one of her swollen areolae into his mouth, sucking on the nipple like a baby.
 
  “Jeez, Zuku. Don’t hog my boobies for yourself. Our babies have to suck on these!” Another moan escaped her lips as Izuku’s penis rubbed against her swollen clit, sending her closer to the edge.
 
  The gremlin panted heavily, her face burning with arousal. “Zuku, stohp teashing mee…” 
 
  Izuku responded by running his fingers all over her body, rubbing all of her sensitive areas. Eventually, one hand brushed against her pointy ears, and Mei’s reaction was immediate. She moaned loudly, almost screaming in pleasure as Izuku’s calloused hands played with her ear tips.
 
  “Noo, don’t touch myyy earssh! They’re senshitivee.. 
  
    ooooAAAAHHHH!!!”
  
 
  Mei threw her head back in ecstasy, her loins unleashing a flood of her nectar onto her husband’s lap, crashing down onto him and panting heavily. Izuku held his wife against himself, letting her recover from her orgasm. As it turned out, naked cuddling was ameizing.
 
  Their tender embrace was interrupted by Mei’s huff of indignation. She beat her fist against her husband’s chest, pouting adorably at him.
 
  “You meanie. I told you not to touch my ears!”
 
  Izuku’s smug grin reflected at her. “You didn’t seem to be complaining.”
 
  “...fair enough.” She huffed one last time, then decided to take matters into her own hands. Quite literally. She grabbed Izuku’s angry-looking penis and impaled herself on it, moaning as the familiar mass entered her love canal.
 
  A seal that prevented pregnancy appeared over her womb. Mei planted a hand over it, muttering a few words under breath, and broke the seal.
 
  Now, a pregnancy seal not only prevents a pregnancy from happening, but it also suppresses the reproductive instincts of a Mamono to a standstill. Meaning, when released, all of those instincts that have been building up are unleashed at once, reducing the Mamono’s mind to one goal: breeding. They will not stop until their wombs have been filled to the brim with the seed of their husbands, and that is the only thought running through Mei’s head as the instincts took over.
 
  She smiled, her voice husky as she spoke. “Breed me, Zuku.”
 
  The gremlin began to move at an alarmingly fast pace, her hips slapping against Izuku’s in her single-minded effort to get pregnant. She panted, her tongue hanging out as her cervix lowered to meet the head of Izuku cock, each impact sending pleasure through her system. 
 
  “I w-want a lot of babies, Zuku,” Mei panted, her breath hot and face flushed. “They’re g-gonna have my eyes and your hair or b
  
    oooth
  
   but I wanna lot of babies!”
 
  She leaned forward, smiling and planting a kiss on Izuku’s lips. 
 
  “A-And they’ll be really cute b-because we made them!”
 
  Those words triggered something deep within Izuku, igniting a fire within himself. The desire to copulate with Mei increased tenfold, and his loins swelled at the thought of impregnating the gremlin with his thick, potent seed.
 
  Not to mention that the idea of a child with traits of both him and Mei was incredibly enticing for him. 
 
  Izuku pulled out of Mei, making her whine until the greenette lifted her easily off the ground in a full nelson, brandishing his penis like a weapon. He rubbed it teasingly against her sopping pussy a few times, making the gremlin whine and groan with impatience and need.
 
  “Zuku…”
 
  “Yes?” He asked, unable to resist poking a little fun at Mei.
 
  “Don’t tease me, you meanie! Put a bun in my oven!”
 
  “I’m sorry what?”
 
  “Zuku if you don’t stick your dick in me and give me a baby I’ll get everyone together and we’ll make you sleep on the couch.” She growled, done with his teasing. “Do you hear me?”
 
  “Y-Yes ma’am.”
 
  Izuku struggled a bit pushing his penis into Mei’s opening, but eventually, he slipped in and Mei moaned wantonly, hearts forming in her eyes as she felt the head of Izuku’s penis kiss her cervix.
 
  “I-I’m going to move now.”
 
  He started slow, building up to a steady pace that rocked the four-foot gremlin’s world, each thrust filling her vagina completely. She felt so full, and looking down, she could see a slight bulge in her midsection where Izuku had inserted into her.
 
  “Oh, fuck! Ish soo good!” Mei slurred, her capability for coherent speech rapidly failing her as the sensation of being fucked raw in a position that would most definitely get her pregnant shut down the rational parts of her brain. “Don’t stahp! Gimme more dicku!”
 
  Izuku grunted in response, picking up the pace. His hips slammed against Mei’s with every thrust, creating a wet sound of flesh on flesh as he bred her.
 
  The gremlin could feel every motion of her husband’s penis as it railed against her cervix, threatening to penetrate her very womb. She noticed that he was twitching more than usual, and with the last of her rational thought, she looked up at the greenette pounding her.
 
  “A-are you closhe?” She asked, her eyes unfocused and half-lidded from the pleasure she was feeling. Izuku grunted before responding, “Y-Yeah. You?”
 
  “Lesh cum together, Zuku!”
 
  “A-Alright! Here I come!”
 
  The greenette increased his thrusting, his member spasming inside Mei, pushing hard against her cervix, the pleasure overwhelming both of their minds. The precipice approached, and both husband and wife plunged off it like a runaway train.
 
  “C-CUMMING!” He shouted, hilting himself inside Mei, penetrating her womb and bursting inside of her. Hot, sticky shots of his thick virile semen flooded the gremlin’s insides, causing the bulge where Izuku’s dick was showing to grow larger before overflowing out of her. The sensation of her husband’s seed filling her sacred depths sent Mei over the edge, and she screamed in pleasure, throwing her head back as her eyes rolled back and her tongue lolled out of her mouth. 
 
  They both collapsed naked unto the couch, Izuku’s now flaccid cock exiting Mei’s stuffed pussy with a wet pop. Their combined fluids spilled out of her seconds later, dribbling onto the couch. The greenette made a mental note to clean that up later. First, he was going to lie here and love his wife.
 
  Mei turned to him, her face satisfied and sleepy. She put a hand over her belly, imagining her husband’s swimmers inseminating her fertile eggs, forming life. The thought of a child warmed the gremlin’s heart, putting a smile on her face. Unfortunately, she didn’t have the energy to stay awake. She nuzzled against Izuku’s chest, muttering one last sentence before falling asleep.
 
  “I love you, Zuku…”
 
  “I love you too, Mei.” He replied, kissing her on the top of her head. The greenette held his wife as she fell asleep against him, smiling as she snuggled against him in his embrace.
 
  “Izuku, have you seen my black lacy stockings anywhere?” Nemuri’s voice called, rapidly approaching the living room. “I’ve checked my entire wardrobe and dresser, and I can’t find them- oh my.”
 
  The Lilim paused at the sight of Izuku and Mei naked together on the couch, a hungry smile appearing on her face when she saw the greenette’s sad-looking member out in the open.
 
  She could definitely fix that.
 
  “Actually, I think I remember seeing them hanging in the bathroom by the front door closet. Did you look there, Nemuri?” Izuku asked, not even phased by the fact that she was looking at all of him.
 
  “Ah. I’ll check there and come back. In the meantime, do you mind putting Mei to bed? She seems quite tuckered out.”
 
  Izuku nodded. “I’ll meet you back here?” He knew that Nemuri was planning something, and if he knew her at all, she wanted it to be romantic.
 
  “Yes. I’ll see you in a few minutes, darling.”
 
  She stepped out of the doorway, allowing Izuku to dress himself and Mei while she gathered the necessary supplies for her plan.



  Izuku laid Mei in the master bedroom, which was surprisingly empty. None of his wives were there to ambush him as he walked in and placed his sleeping gremlin on the bed, but he wasn’t one to look a gift horse in the mouth.
 
  He left Mei in the bedroom, where he was sure he’d wind up later that night. He made his way back to the living room, noticing that the atmosphere of the room had completely changed. A fire had started in the fireplace, and there were rose petals from the hallway leading him to the now clean couch and the stunning image of Nemuri’s nude form.
 
  His jaw dropped as Nemuri sat with her legs crossed on the couch, bearing her breasts to her husband. Her glasses only magnified her elegance along with her tail, wings, and horns. Her pregnancy seal pulsed against her belly, drawing Izuku’s attention like a moth of a flame.
 
  “Like what you see, Izuku?” She asked, knowing full well what she was doing to him.
 
  “Like? No, I don’t like what I see,” He replied, undressing, showing his sculpted and scarred body to his wife. He knelt before her, naked as the day he was born, and cupped her face.
 
  “I love you, Nemuri. And I want to show you just how much you mean to me.”
 
  Izuku kissed her gently on the lips, then her cheek, then her clavicle. He placed a trail of kisses down her nude form, gently worshiping and caressing her body to show his love for. His touch was soft, gentle, and tender. Soft mewls escaped Nemuri as her husband gently massaged her breasts, kissing and kneading them before sucking them and moving on to her midsection.
 
  His touch made her shiver, every one of his fingers gentle and caring. He treated her just like Yu did, and both of them were capable of reducing the other into mewling horny messes.
 
  He made his way down to her abdomen, planting his trail of kisses down her toned abs, causing her to stifle a moan.
 
  Fuck, she loved it when he did this.
 
  Izuku kissed her navel, going further and kissing the center of her pregnancy seal, which pulsed brighter in response. The greenette looked up at his wife for permission to continue, and her blushing face smiled at him and nodded.
 
  He gently parted her legs, exposing her moist slit which glistened in the light of the fire. Instead of diving right in, Izuku continued his trail of kisses, starting on the lilim’s right inner thigh, inching closer and closer to Nemuri’s honey pot, earning soft moans and mewls from the starry-haired woman.
 
  Her wings trembled as Izuku continued, her tail winding around one of his arms as he disengaged from one thigh and moved to the other, kissing from the knee towards her waiting vagina.
 
  “Fuck…” Nemuri whispered, her hands seeking purchase on the couch as her husband finally ended his trail of kisses right on her swollen clit, sending arcs of pleasure through her entire body. Izuku licked the glistening treasure before him, muttering a quick “Itadakimasu,” before beginning to dine on Nemuri’s pussy. 
 
  She moaned loudly as his tongue, hot and slippery, pushed into her love canal, bringing with it a fresh wave of pleasure. The lilim began rolling her hips to meet Izuku’s ministrations, her breath steaming up in front of her. It was glorious, and she really appreciated what he was doing, but she had other things in mind.
 
  “Izuku, stop.”
 
  His mood changed instantly. He instantly retracted from her body, his gaze caring and curious, wondering what he had done wrong. “What’s the matter? Did I do something wrong?”
 
  There it was again. His bleeding heart, always putting others before himself, even if he had a raging boner.
 
  “No, you didn’t.” Nemuri assured, taking Izuku’s hand. She leaned back onto the couch, pulling her husband back onto her. “I just wanted to experience ecstasy with you as we make a new life.”
 
  Izuku looked at her, nothing but love and adoration burning in his eyes as he lined up with her entrance. She dispelled her pregnancy seal, her reproduction instincts and hormones flooding through her as hearts formed in her eyes.
 
  “So please, fuck me with your cock and sow my womb with your thick, potent seed.”
 
  The greenette responded by thrusting into her, hilting entirely into her vagina, instantly touching her cervix. A slight bulge formed with Izuku’s insertion and Nemuri locked her legs around him, sealing him inside. Izuku began thrusting steadily, earning several moans from the lilim as they mated, intent on creating new life.
 
  Nemuri moaned, feeling her husband’s cock fill her completely as he pulled in and out, pressing against her cervix and causing more pleasure than she had ever felt with him. He was gentle yet steady, and her tail wrapped around his waist, ensuring that his seeds would not be wasted.
 
  Izuku kissed his wife, starting with her lips, then moving on to her neck, gently kissing and loving her with all of his being. Every thrust was full of love, and every kiss was a demonstration of just how much she meant to him.
 
  And Nemuri loved every second of it.
 
  She felt Izuku twitch erratically inside of her, and thanks to his earlier ministrations, she more a bit more sensitive than usual. The lilim figured that neither one of them would last much longer, and she grabbed Izuku’s head, pulling him in to kiss. They separated, and Nemuri smiled at him.
 
  “You’re close, aren’t you?”
 
  He only nodded, his face bright red and flushed with arousal.
 
  Nemuri held him close, pulling him tight with her tail and legs. She spoke into his ear, “I want you to pour all of it inside me. Give me your child, Izuku.”
 
  She kissed him, feeling his thrusting increase tenfold as he began pistoning in and out of her. She moaned, and then he penetrated her womb, and the floodgates opened.
 
  The lilim’s scream was silenced by a kiss from Izuku, who burst within her, flooding her fertile womb with his seed. The thick, hot, and potent substance filled her to the brim, slightly increasing the bulge before their combined orgasms leaked out of her, spilling onto the couch.
 
  They separated, panting heavily before Izuku pulled out, laying next to Nemuri on the couch. She put a hand over her womb, practically feeling her husband’s seed taking root and creating new life within her.
 
  “I love you, Nemuri.”
 
  The lilim sighed contently and leaned back against her husband, loving him and their future child.
 
  “I love you too, Izuku.”

  