It was another bright, beautiful day. Chipper birds sung within the leaves and a lazy, warm wind blew in from the south, adding its breathy tune to nature’s orchestra. She was learning that the midday sun wasn’t so pleasant when directly exposed, but while the mornings and afternoons were lovely, life – as it was, by her measure of about three weeks of it now – was found in munching the leaves and fruits that were so sweet beneath the moonlight. Also, she felt less sky-eyes on her at night. Not sure why yet. There was a saltiness in the air that tingled upon her dusky grey skin, though she paid little heed to it as she slowly and solemnly climbed up the tree. Her serious little eyes were fixed directly on a fat and juicy hanging fruit, as rough bark tickled her soft flesh.Reaching a little hand out, she grasps the fruit, something sweet and bulbous, of a reddish gold. She opens her mouth and goes to bring the fruit closer to eat, but an unexpected weight stops her. She opens her eyes wide, at first in surprise. A pair of green eyes stare back at her and another worm, greener than her, munches contentedly upon the fruit in her hand. The surprise in those wide amber eyes quickly turns into indignant outrage. Thus the feud was born.*	*	*	*There’s a difference between a monster hunter and an adventurer. There’s a lot of over lap to be sure, but for the most part it comes down to one’s skill-set. You’re a very peculiar monster hunter with a… very peculiar skill set. You hunt monstergirls. Sort of. It’s very rare that a monstergirl just… ‘needs’ to be killed. Rarer than when a human just ‘needs’ to be killed and usually it’s for similar motivations; criminal activity, possessing something that some one greedier and richer wants, power games and politics. Monsters on the other hand, rampage for entirely unspoken reasons and unfortunate as it is, most often just need some one to put them down as a matter of practicality. As for the motivations of monstergirls, however?The overwhelming majority of them are more boring than your average citizen and less complex to boot. It isn’t that they’ve less dimensions than any one else, it’s just that a certain aspect of them tends to take priority over most others. Which leads you to monstergirl hunting, which is what you’re known for, even if what you actually do is closer to monstergirl relationship advice, or monstergirl wingmanship. Neither lords nor peasants give a shit, they have a problem and they want you to fix it, they don’t care how. Be it pent up gnomes under the foundations or particularly raunchy beargirls that aren’t so up to scratch on human culture; breaking into homes looking for some one to stuff them full over the winter. You get some interesting characters when you’re dealing with a species that can remain completely self sufficient and isolated in the wild. Seems not every one needs this thing called ‘society’. Of course, you never solve any of these issues personally, as that would be a short lived career. What you do is a little sleuthing, a little research and piece together the most optimal outcome. That is to say, you find vagrants, then throw them at the horny girls.It’s worked so far.Alongside a few others, you alight from the carriage and wave a friendly hand to the driver. You’d spare him a coin extra but honestly you need all you have. Doing this doesn’t really pay well, other than gratitude from the common folk, what pity a noble will throw your way and whatever the monsters can scrape together. You’ve been promised far too many firstborns. Honestly, that may be the primary contributing factor to always being on the move, other than seeking out new issues. Resting a hand on your cheap iron sword you lift the other to your brow, squinting against the sun as it sets over the distant ocean, rolling hills and small clusters of forest between here and there. Beautiful view, that is. Your travels have taken you to the northern areas of what people colloquially call the midlands. The region is a kaleidoscope of tiny kingdoms and city-states and clan-estates of innumerable factions including the less-than-human. More-than? You’ve spent the last few years just drifting around the region, in all honesty. You wouldn’t be surprised if one day you were forced to settle down here. You already have a few places in mind, some goodwill to call upon.It’s good business at least, there’s enough half-breeds and fullblood monsters roaming around that problems arise semi-frequently, but not so many that it’s strictly monster territory and not so few that it’s strictly Imperial territory: being to humans what the demon realms are to monsters. The former would mean that they had their own institutions in place for dealing with problems, and wouldn’t want you. In that capacity, anyway. The latter would mean that they had their own institutions in place for dealing with problems except also more extremist-y. And they really wouldn’t like you. Only the midlands has the middle ground to provide a middleman like you the medium to ply his trade. For entirely above board and practical, standard business reasons; you visit the coaching inn first. It’s because the liquid loosens lips and definitely not because travelling is thirsty work. It’s a humble establishment, about what you could expect. A decent size for a inn, which would suggest it sees a fair bit of traffic. It’s situated upon a hill that overlooks quite a ways, a decent vantage point. A large, thick board is posted outside it, with varied weathered notices stuck to it, mixtures of wood blocks, crude parchments and finer papers that seem to have been lightly coated in wax to resist the weather. Sitting chiefly at the top in carved wood reads “Hillswacce, Aegyrstead”, the first twice the size of the second. Beneath is a neat little picture of a mounted warden with a jutting beard, surveying the distance with a stern grimace – not unlike what you were doing just a moment ago – and holding a stein behind his back – something you’ll be doing soon, except in front of you and preferably by your lips.You take a quick glance, but nothing immediately sticks out. The rest of the inn is well lit and seemingly lively, with a decent bit of noise spilling out onto the road. Perhaps in part for this reason, it’s situated a good distance away from the nearby settlement, currently shaded by surrounding hills and built around a weaving stream. It seems quiet and idyllic enough, but you don’t let that discourage you as who knows how many times you’ve turned up to a place precisely like this and only found surging undercurrents of missing boys or extravagant racketeering rings. More than once. In fact, maybe it’s just your imagination, but it seems like as time goes on, the jobs are only getting messier and messier. Or maybe it’s just your experience allowing you to sniff out some of the deeper intrigues. Either way, each job is starting to feel like it’s the last. The only saving grace is your sense of danger has advanced alongside you. Hmmm… you’ll draw the line at the next vampire conspiracy, call it quits. You mount the steps after every one else had either left or entered while you were taking stock of the area around you. Taking a deep breath, you do a little stretch, working your arms, shoulders, neck and hips. Reaching into one of your many pockets with one hand, you stretch your head left and gently tilt it over to the right, tossing a pinch of salt over your left shoulder before pushing the door open, leading with your left foot. Just before you enter, a sudden gush blows past your back, carrying the fine grains off on the wind, nary a one hitting the floor. You pause a moment upon the threshold, looking behind you before entering fully. A wave of warmth, noise and light washes over you as deep hearths either end warm the room and an extravagant number of candles gleam from a rather rustic and… unique chandelier. Frankly, it doesn’t look like anything any one sane would make and rather than a crude imitation of the kind of finery one could expect in a noble or merchant’s home, it’s… more a mockery. A lass sits by one of the fires, another traveller by her garb, though the bag of flour probably isn’t hers, unless she likes travelling around with bags of flour. You don’t think you’ve ever heard of a travelling baker, though you suppose you’ve gotta do something to make the road interesting. She jealously defends a handful of somethings scattered over by coals from a surrounding ring of drunk and drinking patrons. You spy no more than three hands get slapped before one is retrieved and damn near fought over, with actual fists. A pair of wilted, burnt leaves are revealed first before the woman peels them away to reveal a small golden disk which the lucky patron happily chomps into. A lady behind the bar cranes her neck to watch as that patron hands the travelling woman a coin. The matron’s eyes flicker calculatingly, between the impromptu baker and back to the kitchen before she dashes off, rolling her sleeves up; perhaps some professional pride damaged. The place seems lively enough.Others gather around tables, drinking, chatting or supping; a game seems to be underway at one of them and here most of the noise is generated, though a hefty amount from the more pleasant end of the spectrum comes from a singing lad, sawing a bow over the strings of a harp-like instrument while kicking his heel into the drum below him. It lends a warm, musical resonance to the overall chaotic ambience of the inn.You head on over to the bar, not a head turning your way as you do so – always a plus. Settling down on a stool with a weary sigh and dropping your pack before your feet, a bearded barrel of a man saunters up to you from the other side of the bar. His forearms look specially built to handle brawls. “Food or drink?”“Both. What’s food?”“You put it in your mouth.” He looks you up and down. “Uh, food’s the one that involves chewing, before you swallow.”“…”You stare at him. He stares back, moustache trembling. He stretches and moves his mouth, desperately trying to keep a straight face before continuing on and clearing his throat. “Well-ah… ehm. Tonight’s meal is pork shank stew. It’s got a real heavy flavour, so I recommend a darker ale.” “I’ll have that.” You look at him dryly and respond somewhat tersely. He looks you up and down again. “Erh… drink’s on me. Sorry ‘bout before, couldn’t help myself. You look like you got a bit ‘o the weird about you, so no cursing.” He mutters under his breath. “Heavens knows we got enough ‘o that around here.” Your ear twitches as he begins to walk off.“Hold it.” He turns back. “Weird? How so?” He looks out the window and grins, muttering to himself, just loud enough you can make it out. “It’s about time for the codger…” He looks back at you. “If you want weird, you best be prepared for an earful. Keep him off my case and there’s another drink in it for you.”Brows furrowed – despite being thoroughly baffled – you settle into your seat all the same, getting comfortable. The man soon returns with a large bowl of steaming soup and turns away to tap a fresh keg with a flourish of the wrist and a rather chunky looking wooden mallet. He fills a frothy mug to the brim and a little over before setting it by your bowl. He looks curiously at the fistful of coins you hand over. “Bed too.” You tilt your chin, gesturing upstairs by way of explanation.He looks at you with some uncertainty. “That’s a couple nights there.” You think for a moment, then take a few coins back. The burly fellow nods. “That’s a couple less. Room’s up the stairs, to the left. Big one, can’t miss it. Should be a spare bed or two.” With that he leaves you to your meal, heading off to serve another. Some time passes as you sip and slurp away, the ale complimenting nicely the rich and hearty stew. The noise of the inn waxes and wanes, the bard taking a few breaks here and there to take some of his earned coin and liquor up his throat, to no real detriment to his deft fingers. The lass by the fire remains, but the ring around her had dispersed, alongside the crispy baked goods. She nurses a mug and seems a little noddy by the hearth’s comforting warmth, though her hand is never far from the blade by her side. About half way through your meal, the bartender turns back to you, catching your eye and tilting his head towards one of the newer patrons; an old, wrinkly, gnarled and balding man with a strangely neat goatee. He all but throws himself into the bottom of his mug, constantly grumbling under his breath. Considering that he seems to be the type of fellow to be looser lipped the wetter his whistle, you decide to let him stew a bit. Besides, this soup is tasty, the textures all soft but with the right amount of variance so that each mouthful isn’t monotonous and the ale seems to cut right through the heavy fattiness of the soup.Also, you’ve just so happened to seat yourself closer to one of the fires and the warmth on your back is pleasant, meanwhile the old fellow’s more to the centre of the room, where it probably isn’t as comfy. For now you’re content where you are. Yes. Patience is also a tool in the professional’s arsenal.The night wiles away and by the time you’re mopping up the dregs with bread, you decide it’s time enough. Letting out a long sigh and doing another stretch, you nod towards the bartender who looks over. Getting up from your stool, you plonk heavily down onto the one beside the old man, shooting him a smile before looking back to the bartender. “Two of what this fine fellow’s drinking.” You don’t have to raise your voice as much to get over the din, inn dying down as the night caries on. The old man studies you suspiciously, but you return his caution with a smile. “You look troubled.”One of his eyes narrow. “What’s it to ye?”“Trouble and I get along. Mind sharing over a drink?” You gesture to the two mugs as the barkeep hands them over.He looks to you, then to the mugs placed before him. With a spryness despite his age, he downs the one he’d been nursing and moves onto the next. You smile as you take yours and wait for him, the old man chewing over his words and deliberating whether or not you’ve even worth the breath, though each sip seems to make him more amenable. “It’s me pasture…” He curls his lips up, sour. “The goodman’s croft. I uh… did what I aughtn’t’ta. Now the place is cursed. Worse yet, it’s spreading, befouling all me crops. The cattle are goin’ off their food, listless… dyin. I’m at me wits end, me farm, what’s been me pa’s pa’s… I’m about ta loose it…” Strong emotion wavers his alcohol tinted voice and he shoots a frustrated glance at you. “Ya got somethin’ for that?” You shrug, “It might fall within my expertise. I’ll have to take a look at it first.”He looks to you and then muses a bit, staring into the bottom of his mug… “Ye like trouble? Well, if ye ken fix this… I’ll give ye me pa’s heirloom.” His head suddenly jerks back to you. “But not a penny before it’s fixed, ye hear?” “‘Course, but… while I don’t expect to get paid before the job’s done, I’ve gotta know what I’m getting paid, right? An heirloom to you, might be nothing to me.”He looks around the bar before leaning in, the stench of booze no doubt easing whatever poor breath the old goat has. “It’s a dagger, it is. Silver. Gleams in the moonlight. Cuts through ye like ye weren’t even there, worse yet, ye don’t even bleed, jus’… loose all feelin’, ‘cept… somethin’. Feels like hell.” Demon silver typically does when you cut yourself; being human and all. Something about the spirit of the wielder, changes that entirely. “Where’s your farm?”“Can’t miss it, Willsons’ it is, on accounta me father. Meadowglade’s the old name. Ye head down ta Aegyrstead, take the road east, head right, then left and left again, then left, and… ah no, wait... ye take the road west and head left and right…” He begins to slur as he rambles and you figure that the extra drink was one too many for the old goat.You interrupt him as you stand and step away from the bar. “Yes, well, I’ll just ask for directions in town. By the by, do you happen to be single?” He stops and looks up at you unsteadily and uncertainly. “Just wondering.” You clarify, shooting a glance to the barkeep who’s thankfully occupied.He still shoots you a look of suspicion. “Aye…” He answers hesitantly. You nod. “Might seem weird but… well, it is. And when things are weird, you never know what kind of information might prove useful. Have a good night, sir. Get home safely.” Bait attained. Monstergirls are far from picky. Worst case scenario, the man’s crops are just actually diseased and this is a waste of your time. If not, can’t help to plan contingencies. Seems like a fairly run of the mill situation, if it’s as he described. There’s a number of ways you can repent for ploughing the Goodman’s croft, the most efficient of which being ploughing the Goodman’s ‘croft’. *	*	*	*The situation wasn’t as simple as he described. You’d arrived at the Willsons’s stead a little over an hour ago. You inspected the crops, discoloured, wilted and sickly, but nothing seems to have eaten at or grown on them. The old goat, Erlyle, tells you it’s almost like they’d been planted out of season,  but if that were the case they wouldn’t have grown to the state that they did. He points to neighbouring crops of the same kind that are doing just fine – you passed a number of them on the way to his farmstead. His livestock aren’t unaffected either; exactly as he described, listless, sickly, tired. More than that though, you get a sense that they’re… confused. You take a few hours to scout out the general vicinity. The farm comes quite close to, in fact practically borders a nearby stretch of woodland. In fact, it’s almost nestled within the crook of this stretch, rich pastureland fed by a winding stream that then bisects the woods. With as much clarity as you can garner from where you stand, all around the land shows signs of the ravaging confusion and turmoil, well established centenarian trees dominate the treeline, splotchy yellowing leaves drooping limply from the bough. Patchy, wilted grasses and sickly shrubs. You go to the highest point you can find – which happens to be Erlyle’s roof, climbed by borrowing a ladder. From this vantage, it almost looks like the stream itself is polluted, as the healthier the trees seem to appear the further they get from it. You spy along the horizon a splotch of reddish canopy amidst the field of late summer green. Curious. Setting that aside for now, you make for the offending croft.***You stand now, alone in the almost wild grund. Whatever’s plagued Erlyle seems to have done so for a time yet, as he confesses to have immediately ceased all work on the Goodman’s croft the moment his other crops began to suffer and in the time between now and then, long grasses have reclaimed the patch of land once more, though there’s sill some remnant signs of cultivation. A stiff evening breeze kicks up as you look around the place, ruffling through your hair and clothes, blowing with a kind of intent and deliberacy, a feeling of cosmic sympathy that often comes about when one’s about to cross boundaries into the supernatural. It seems… old, but not dead. Slumbering. Hibernating? It’s not unheard of, especially with monstergirls of the more spiritual bent.The realm of the fae exists at its own pace, in its own time and place. You could step in for a day’s festivities and if for whatever reason you managed to leave unmolested and without a faerie’s protective grace, you could find yourself in a world some decades to centuries in the future. If you’re lucky, you’ll try and pick up the pieces of your old life. If you’re unlucky, the old grim will reap his due in an instant, with interest as you disintegrate into so much dust.  You shift about the croft, startling a good number of insects and critters as you search about. Nothing immediately sticks out to you as being of any particular interest, about the most notable thing is a singular large boulder amidst the tall lush grasses. Frowning to yourself, you take a seat upon it as you think. You’re not exactly an ‘expert’ expert. You know far more than the common man, but a lot of your knowledge is obscure and folkish, learned through applied experience and eldrich echoes rather than dusty tomes. Sighing, you lift your head up to the sky before letting it drop back down.Your gaze flickers down to your feet as you idle, more or less waiting for ideas to pop into your head. The situation certainly seems unusual enough. From what you’d seen it almost seems like the epicentre of this occurrence isn’t the farmstead at all, but some ways into the woodlands. After all, there’s no guarantee the goat’s actions here have anything to do with anything. Slighted spirits tend to act in a more specific manner, you’d not see this widespread, if localised damage. As your thoughts begin to wander, you note the oddity of a certain clearing of growth from around the rock. Toeing around with your boot, you uncover a rock buried under a thin layer of dirt. Frowning, you continue kicking dirt away from the rock in a circle, revealing a ring of stones. Either it’s some one’s idea of a prank or you’re looking at someone’s front door. Lifting a hand to stroke your chin, you look back the way you came from, towards the town you’d passed through, and you gauge how soon you’d be able to make a round trip.***“What’s stiff in the morning, limp at-” “Penis.”Her eyes widen. “How did you know?! I hadn’t even finished the riddle!”“It’s always penis.” You level a blank stare at the entity before you, sitting upon the rock and happily digging into a bowl of porridge which she’d instantly cooked to steaming perfection from your offerings of milk, honey and grains. A clump of it sits at the corner of her mouth and you watch as she collects it with her thumb and licks her lips. She appeared before you upon the stroke of midnight, heeding your calling as it roused her from her sleep. A woman, human in appearance if not beauty, with pale blue hair and warm hazel eyes, she manifested upon the rock beneath a beam of moonlight. She was very much the image of a napping maiden disturbed, wearing little more than a light, simple green dress. She glares at you, with all the alluring mystery of the fae, despite gluttony currently occupying the majority of your mental image of the woman; first impressions evidently going a long way.. “Hmph, humans sure got more boring than I remember.” She buts the bowl down with a sigh. “Fine. The boon is yours, what would you ask of me?”You’re immeasurably relieved that she doesn’t seem to have any sexual interest in you. It always makes your job easier when they don’t. You clear your throat. “Well, I don’t think it’s your doing but I suppose I’ll ask anyway. You haven’t put a curse over this farmland have you?”Her eyes widen. “Whatever for?”“Tilling your croft.”She looks around, sceptical of you, noting it’s apparent wilderness. “Are you sure? I’d think I’d have felt that… though I am a bit of a deep sleeper.”You shrug. “He didn’t get far, I suppose. Could you find out what’s plaguing this area then?”“Hold on! You’ve already used your boon, you must answer another and this time it won’t be about penises!” You let out a withering sigh. “How about I just offer equivalent information instead?”She looks you over. “You’re not really my type, but I can still whisk you away with me and trade you to some of the other girls for quite the hefty bounty. You uh… don’t really look like much else, to be honest. What could you know that would have equivalent value to me as that?”Oh, so that’s what was on the line with the earlier riddle. Typical. “There’s a farmer in that building.”She blinks, the simple – even cute – motion of those small coverings of skin closing up to one another speaking a world of dry disappointment in you. “He’s single.” You clarify.Her eyes go wide as she leaps to her feet upon the rock. “Really?! Finally! Do you have any idea how long I’ve spent locked in a cycle of sleep and wakefulness only to find the next generation already shacked up with some floozy already on her way to popping out a fifth kid?!” You roll your eyes. Wouldn’t be an issue if the fickle, fun-obsessed lot could just grasp the concepts of patience and perseverance, instead of going to sleep or returning to their realm the moment something looks boring or tedious.She stops. “Wait, it’s not a child is it? Oh fuck it, I’ve waited so long already… I finally understand what those hags were feeling.” Her hands fly up to ruffle her hair in consternation. “Aaagh! Who cares if they laugh at me?! Cindra’s getting laid!”“Wait.” In a monotone voice that you fear belies your perturbation, you call out to stop her just as she sails off the rock and makes a beeline for the farmstead. She swivels on the spot, glaring daggers at you. “Wha- oh, sorry.” She composes herself, clearing her throat. “Yes, I suppose that suffices. You want to find out what’s wrong with this land? Why?...” She looks around, curious before a frown settles in. “Yes… very strange…” She kneels down and gently strokes a leaf of grass. “I had no idea…” She looks up at you somewhat sheepishly. “Fairies and time, I’m sure you know.” She puts her focus back to the flora around her. “Huh.” She starts to mumble to herself. “Too many cycles. No frost, no thaw…” She goes silent and plonks down in the croft, closing her eyes as you feel a boundless presence spread out from her. She sits there for five minutes, then ten, half an hour, then two. By this point you’d already sat yourself down on that rock of hers and were halfway to nodding off.By coincidence, you happen to look at her as her eyes open. She looks back up at you, then to the rock. “That’s mine.”“Uh, right.” You slip off it.She stands, patting her dress off. “Something’s going on in the woods. Two things, beings of great power are fighting for dominance and territory. One is Autumn, the other is Spring. That’s all the plants understand. Every time these two entities clash, though they more or less tie, one wins out over the other and their aura suffuses the land between their domains. These farmlands are just on the outskirts of it. Each evening the season here flips from Autumn to Spring and back, driving the beasts mad, making the plants suffer.”“How long has this been going on for?”“A good while, though the effect of it had only reached this farmland a few months ago at most. Despite that, the life around here can’t hold on much longer. You must do something, human.”Both eyebrows rise. You were going to try anyway, but the assumption somehow pisses you off. “Why don’t you do it?” She gives you a once over again, before smiling mysteriously.“Oh, something tells me you’re the only one capable of doing this, hero. Me? I’m bound to this area but beyond that,” She lifts her arm and flexes. “I’m not that strong, you know?” She turns her head towards the farmstead and licks her hips hungrily. “But that’s about to change… Besides, I’m helping in my own way. I’ll answer any questions you have pertaining to this issue free of charge. After all, it does concern me in some way. If this goes on I’ll be looking at nothing but barren fields until the end of my days. Now that would be boring.” She sighs.“So these two entities… are monstergirls?”“With this amount of power? Even if they weren’t originally, they are now.”“Is it even safe for me to venture into those woods?”“Oh yeah, any monstrous beasts and predators would have been driven away long ago and despite the havoc these two girls are wreaking, there’s no malevolence in their power. Maybe it’s a lover’s spat. Two girls, alone in the woods…” the girl sniggers, “More common than you’d think. Gallivanting into town and making off with a guy isn’t always an option for every one. Some girls have to get creative to catch their prey, some opt to just find some way to tide themselves over and play the waiting game. It’s the latter you have to be concerned with. Always going awry.”You grunt. “I’m familiar.” “Oh?” She sniffs. “You do have an awful lot of scents on you, even if none of them are that strong. You must be around monstergirls often. Yet you haven’t been claimed. Odd.”“I’m very careful.”She appraises you once more, this time with some degree of favourability. “Hey, are you sure you don’t want to come with me? I’m sure a guy like you could attract the eye of some fairly important ladies. Hell, I might get my own fairyhouse for selling you, no better way to prepare for making a family than that.” She looks at you, bright eyes hopeful and gleaming.“Uh, no. I’ll pass.” You shake your head.“Shame. Well,” She turns around, waving at you. “You know where I’ll be.” With that, she makes her way over to the farmstead and you look her over one final time. She’s a looker alright, but you still can’t shake the feeling you’re about to owe Erlyle an apology. Well, all that’s left is to head back to Hillswacce, catch some rest and head into the woods tomorrow. You let out a loud, long yawn and begin the trudge back.*	*	*	*You shake your head, bewildered as you walk along the stream. Some of the aquatic plants look better, less effected by the changing of the seasons as they are. But that’s not what’s bewildered you. What’s bewildered you is the spry and hale old man that seems to have regressed a good thirty years in age. You pat the lunch he so graciously wrapped up for your journey: a different man entirely. Sometimes you’re envious. You’re no stranger to the finer sex, but rather obviously you’d never laid with a monstergirl before, given how that tends to cut wayward careers short. Though, now that you think about it, there’s really no saying that you ‘have’ to settle down. You could just as well continue your wandering career with a girl in tow. It’d only be safer. Struck by this sudden epiphany, you don’t fully notice when you pass from meadow to woodland, enjoying the peaceful if somewhat eerie walk and the gradual descent into the forest. Here the effects of the turmoil are even more apparent, despite a great majority of the trees here being old, with ample foundations. They’re evidently less susceptible to the recent changes, given that they aren’t all dead, though it’s obvious they’re not entirely unaffected. If anything though, it’s culled the lesser plant life around them and allowed them to vie for what scant resources remain.You wander aimlessly through the woods for a good number of hours, more than prepared to camp out the night, mostly just following the stream and backtracking whenever it seems like you’re moving away from the proximity of the blight. Eventually, you end up arriving by something of a glade, a clearing in the woods where the stream splits around a small island.   At the crest of the island is a large tree, not exactly towering as some of the other trees in this woodland are, but dominant all the same: especially for its solitude. Around the tree appears to be a bed of stones forming a small pool and the island itself is a small, neat little mound. Interestingly, though the woods around the island still exhibit the same sort of disturbance you attribute to these two beings, the island itself is lush, healthy and vibrant, for what little ground cover exists outside the ring of stones. Through the clearing of the canopy you can spy the sky, the afternoon already setting in, in rippling clouds of orange and dark red. The area being unique enough to warrant some investigation, you decide to set up camp here and wait for nightfall. Sometimes you don’t really get much of a lead until night anyway and if not, you’ll just get some rest and wait for the night to pass.You dump your pack and unstrap the thick bundle bound to it. It rolls out over a thin mat of leaves, a small personal tent, some bedding to lie on and some canvas to cover you, while metal rods serve to prop it all up and a few stakes serve to pin it down. With your experience, you have the thing put together in under a minute. You start looking around for fallen branches you can break into firewood, stooping down by the slightly damp leaves and rummaging about.“FAELIAAA~!” The sudden yell startles you so bad you feel your heart stop and moving entirely on instinct, you drop down low to the ground and scoot over to hide behind a tree, hand on your sword more for emotional support than anything as your heart palpitates its way back to a spluttery rhythm. You look up, almost blinded by this being that seems to bring with it it’s own glow, separate from the dim reds of very-late afternoon. She gleams with the golden light of spring morning, but you can still make every detail of hers out in avid clarity, like the light isn’t there and masking her inasmuch as it is just a sensation. The first thing you notice – apart from the enormous, seemingly glowing butterfly wings of prismatic silvers and golds and greens and blues and pinks – is a veritable ocean of hair streaming behind her, like a regent’s banner slung high from the parapets. It’s long and a light sun-touched blonde, with faint streaks of pale green all throughout.Her explosive body, bursting in a way buxom can’t quite describe, is barely contained in her armour. Though amply suggestive and complimentary of her natural form, the armour itself is quite protective, ignoring the large cleavage window through which an enormous bust near spills out from.  In a way that’s kind of analogous to her stature, large and powerful, something you’d sooner expect to see on one of the more militant monstergirls yet despite that and despite the inspiring muscle no doubt hidden under her armour, it’s the wide hips, slim waist and immense bust that draws in and enthrals the eye. A contrast between strength and sexual flare, jarring for just how ‘right’ it feels, how congruent it is.Her armour’s made of large plates of a rosy silver with golden decorations and white and green cloths. Rainbow gems stud her armour, forming brooches and other decorations while a short mail skirt is slung about her broodmother wide hips. It sits under her armour almost pointlessly, revealing much of her rear from this angle and much of her thighs. The only thing shielding her most private of parts to indecent eyes is a small plate of the same metal, though you suppose with the wide array of substances available to monstergirls or even produced naturally by them, there’s no telling what the actual material is. Frills rim the thin plate, from what you can see, suggesting that whatever it is, it’s not just direct skin contact.Anywhere her bare bronzed skin is shown, it bulges and struggles ardently against the confines of the armour, she practically oozes sexuality. Within her left hand is a large oval parma, boasting a great many decorative floral motifs somehow oddly reminiscent of reproductive organs and in her right is a great lance nearly as large as she, of twisting spiralling thorned vines honing into a wicked point and seeming to glow a faint green. Her immense wings flap, holding her aloft and you feel you could just as easily confuse her for a Valkyrie, were it not for her insectile wings and the armoured abdomen hanging behind her, also brilliant, almost gleaming blues, yellows, greens and pinks underneath silvery, rose plates of that metallic material. Her visor’s down, obscuring half her face, though rather than being a full helm, it seems more like a crown, with butter fly wings jutting out either side of it, her face only visible from philtrum down. A floral crown of metal forms at the top of the visor and seeing as how her antennae aren’t visible, the groove probably funnels them along the inside of the wing decorations. Again, you’re struck by the jarring contrast between the elegant decorativeness of her armour and the sheer carnality she exudes. She looks into the distance, where a darker figure bursts through the canopy, of almost identical stature and build, only wreathed in scarlet golds, browns, yellows and blacks. She unfurls her wings, hanging in the air to meet the other knight’s challenge.This newcomer is clearly more moth-like in nature. Thick fluffy fuzz covers her wings and abdomen and a faint crimson haze accompanies her flaps, drifting down like autumn leaves. A thick brownish red silk scarf wraps around her neck, though tufts of dark fuzz stick out between the wraps. It drapes over her head like a cowl before flowing far back and tangling with the moth’s silvery white hair which gradually turns a dark red. The cowl is deep, deep enough that you’re only able to make out enough to tell that she’s wearing some kind of helm, but any detail beyond that is unknown. The woman’s – Faelia, you presume – armour is a lot less revealing and draped far more heavily in cloth, though blackened plate shows through, decorated in weaving golds and reds and redgolds. The colour is of a muted palette, strips of dark brown leather peeking through here and there, though a number of brilliant vermilion gems are inlaid into the armour. Her figure is less revealing, baring no skin, although her armour is tight enough to show that her curves are easily comparable to the brighter girl’s. “Anastasia…” Faelia’s voice contrasts greatly with the butterfly’s; low, rich and almost a little bit gloomy whereas the brighter girl’s voice is higher, livelier, sweeter and more energetic. “You might as well give up now.” She hefts in her two-handed grip a colossal greatsword of dark red, forbidding metal. The hilt’s shaped like a tree in autumn, mostly bare except for a few tiny leaves still holding on, the branches drooping down to wrap around the handle as a basket. With a deep fuller down the centre, the blade is long and straight, before widening again at the tip, in the vague shape of a jagged leaf. “Hmph. I lost last time, so tonight, the fruit is mine.” The butterfly… papillon, if you recall correctly, darts forth with a scoff, wings beating powerfully to propel her lance forth in a charge that shears the air before her. Demonstrating deft agility, Faelia drifts to a side and bats the incoming lance away with the flat of her blade and swipes out at Anastasia’s back, the tan blonde’s shield coming up last moment behind her to catch the blow, though the force sees her blown back through the air a good bit. You sit on your butt under and behind the tree, gawking at this areal dog-fighting, their clashes ringing out in the clearing. With a deafening klang, the greatshield parries the greatsword aside and that wicked lance pierces towards Faelia’s stomach. It just barely misses as the moth spins with the momentum of the parry, avoiding the spike and slashing back with her blade towards Anastasia’s exposed side. You expect another display of agility from the papillon, but revealing her preference and style, Anastasia simply takes the blow, flapping with her wings to manoeuvre at the last moment to mitigate most of the impact. Still, it leaves a small dent in her plate, which she takes a quick glance at before charging the moth once more.Over and over they perform this dance; a strange, powerful atmosphere building between them, swapping each time one girl takes advantage over the other, bearing the warmth of spring as Anastasia forces Faelia back with a flurry of thrusts, ushering in the crisp coolness of autumn as a relentless flourish knocks the butterfly spinning amidst the torturous screech of metal. At first you’re content to just watch, but as the fighting intensifies to the point where your human senses can’t quite keep up anymore, resplendent colourful shapes clashing: you begin to feel strange. You don’t notice you’re breathing heavy until you really begin to struggle. Your eyes begin to sting and your throat begins to constrict like you were having a particularly brutal allergic reaction to spring’s pollen. Then the cold runs in, deep chill in your bones making you begin to shake as your head starts to twinge, then throb. Some instinct tells you to get up, interrupt their fight, but as you shakily rise on legs that aren’t yours and as your head begins to pound and your breath comes in wheezingly difficult, the shakes accelerate. The world tips as you collapse and wracking pain courses over your body in waves as you start to burn up from the inside. The glade goes quiet, not that you really notice. Overmuch. A pair of soft arms lift you up, your head resting on what seems like a lap while warm hands hold your shaking face. “W-what do we do?!” You barely manage to open your eyes, registering a blurry red figure looking at you hesitatingly before darting off. “Faelia!” The voice of the woman holding you turns sharp and severe. “Is now really the time to…” She trails off as the red figure returns, a glowing, clear fruit in her hand. She goes to feed it to you, but another hand reaches out. Faelia takes her hand back, but the blonde holds on, nails digging in, tearing the fruit in two as a glistening nectar slides down her fingers.This time, it’s Faelia’s turn to chide. “Ana.”“We did this together, I think… we should both fix it.” While she speaks, the two halves of clear almost jelly like fruit begin to change, one turning a stiff, crisp green while the other turns a soft blood red. They feed it to you bit by bit, as much as you can call having juice and pulp squished into your mouth ‘feeding’. Gentle fingers massage your near-locked jaw apart. You begin to worry about choking, but the moment the juices slide down your throat, some measure of coordination returns, your oesophagus working the fruit down as saliva floods your mouth and your jaw begins to work on the crisper half of the fruit. Immediately a gush of vitality fills you, waves of heat beating back the chill. Your prick twitches for a moment, filling a little before stopping, lending you some inkling as to the nature of this fruit, though you’re currently so parched for life that any virility is instantly sapped into the rest of your body, desperately calling for vitality and energy. Your member goes limp again as the last of the fruit suffuses wholly into you, drawing it back from the brink of whatever it was that beset you. You feel it wasn’t so much a direct effect of their clash inasmuch as it was your body trying to adjust to the rapid changes.Your world slowly comes to clarity, two faces hovering above yours, supremely worried and supremely beautiful. The papillon Anastasia had flicked her visor up to reveal emerald green eyes, but the mothgirl Faelia had removed her helm entirely, scarf now cutely bunched up around her neck, her rich amber eyes studying your face with great concern. “Uh… hi.”“Are you alright?”
“Does it still hurt?”
“What are you even doing here?”
“How’d you find this place?”
“Are you single?”
“Ana!”
“What?”You reel a little from their barrage, wincing in pain and making them both gasp. “S-sorry… bit of a headache. I-I think I’m alright. What did you feed me?” You look around, then slowly begin to gingerly sit up.“We don’t know its name.” Faelia shakes her head.“It’s some kind of fruit that only forms once a night.” Adds the blonde, “It’s very nourishing and good for fertility. Uh… we think. It’s… a sense. We don’t actually, you know… know… unless you want to help me find out.” The moth rolls her eyes.Your spine tingles with a sense of danger and you surreptitiously try to shift away from Ana’s hand gently running up and down your back, but Faelia’s hand is resting on your thigh as she leans in with great concern, more or less keeping you in place. Only now you realise how close the two girls actually are, so much so that you feel almost surrounded. A certain heat wells up around your collar. You realise belatedly that these two are some of the most powerful girls you’ve ever run into. And there’s two of them. “Right… um, as for what I’m doing here… I guess what just happened is a perfect segue. Your ah… conflict, is beginning to affect other people. There’s a farmer that’s lost almost all his crops and his livestock are beginning to become effected too, becoming sick. These things can’t handle the constant changes in season.”Anastasia frowns. “What’s a season?” She shoots a confused glance at Faelia.Faelia looks at her, a little hesitant too. “I think… from before we became adults… when the weather would change.”You look at them blankly. “You don’t know what a season is?”They both slowly shake their heads, Ana first to talk. “I mean, it’s all the pretty same around me, everything’s bright and sunny and green. It never changes. I guess it does over at her place.” She looks to Fae, who nods.“My home is dark red and gold, few leaves cling to the trees and the days are cold. Sometimes it snows.”“Huh.” That’s… well no pissed off dryad has come to boot them out yet so maybe it’s not a problem? “W-well, it’s certainly an issue where you two fight. Do you have to fight?”Faelia frowns. “She insists on taking what it mine. Ask her. Of course we have to fight.”“It’s not my fault you keep hoarding all the good stuff. I can’t help myself and besides, you steal plenty of my things too.”Fae huffs. “That’s just payback.”“You started it.”“I did not!” They both lean in, menacingly, or at least as menacingly as Anastasia can muster with her light, energetic aura. Fae pulls it off better but even then… she still looks more cute than anything. You don’t really get the sense that they truly hate each other, almost like their fighting’s the kind you find between siblings. Fae’s the first to break the stare-off with a huff, looking back to you. “What’s it to you anyway?”“I mean… it’s kind of my job to go around fixing problems with monster girls so they don’t spill out and start affecting other people.”Ana’s eyes light up. “Oh, you’re… a professional at this then?”“I suppose so.”“So how can we fix it? Ignore her, she doesn’t actually want to be hurting other people either.” Fae grumbles, but remains mostly quiet.“So… neither of you like it when the other girl takes your stuff?”“Of course not.” Puts the moth bluntly. “Y-yeah… I hate it…” The papillon answers hesitantly, with rather evasive eyes. You suppose she’s the primary culprit here. “And why can’t you share?”“Well... ‘cause she just eats it and then it’s gone.”You turn to Anastasia. “And why can’t you just get your own food?”She puffs her chest up proudly. “Because, I don’t wanna… also…” she deflates. “I don’t really like eating alone…”You turn to Fae, expecting some kind of rejoinder, but you just see her looking down and aside with her lips pursed as if ruminating. An idea sparks in your mind. Okay, so it’s a little predictable, but it is your go to for a reason. If it doesn’t solve the problem on the first go, you often find throwing more men at it will solve it sooner or later. Frankly you have no idea how this has actually turned into a career for you, sufficient enough to keep coin in your pocket and food in your belly as you moved around.A grin forms at the corners of your lips despite yourself. “Well clearly you two just need to share something together that won’t go away once you’ve used it.”Fae frowns. “Is this a riddle? I don’t get it.”Ana tilts her head. “Like good times?”You roll your eyes. “Like some one else.”The two of their heads whip around, looking at each other in a short moment of epiphany. “Of course!” “That’s right… I can’t believe we never…” You find it a little endearing that the otherwise more sceptical one of the pair doesn’t seem concerned that she can’t make a man stand at the ready after Ana’s done with her, take her own dues. Woe betide the poor sap you sucker into this one, you’ll have to hit up an alchemist after this and come back to offer him some virility potions by way of apology. You run through the list of candidates in your head, a couple of the drunken patrons… you feel the minstrel from the tavern might better suite the atmosphere of these almost fairy like girls. You smile to yourself, seeing the job already as good as done. Finding strength in your limbs, you rise. “Perfect.” You give your aching muscles a good stretch as you start to walk back towards your fire, going to add a little more to the low burning embers. “I’ll camp the night out here and then head back to town tomorrow to help you find some-”Pomf. Or maybe plap, with a little bit of clang, whichever best describes the sound of Anastasia’s breasts hitting the back of your head with both the dual hardness of her plate and the softness of her cleavage; they both did stand quite a little taller than you, now that you think of it, though you’d not yet stood before one another to measure it.You find yourself being twisted as you fall, landing upon the very same bosom that knocked you over. Your heart pounds within your breast, despite how soft and pleasant as she feels – even her armour feels nice, strangely – despite how comforting her embracing and roaming hands about your chest are. Faelia straddles you, settling down over both you and Anastasia, her great autumn wings spreading wide and shimmering gently as powder falls around you like fall leaves. ‘Ah’, you think. ‘So this is how it all ends.’ All the close calls, the countless girls you’d interacted with. Was it complacency that saw you turning your back on a monstergirl – two no less – or was it just meant to be? You’d never garnered a confession, but for what pursuers you did have, they never really seemed to try to hard, as if not sure themselves, merely testing to see how the die falls. Something had always alerted or unsettled you, gave some sense of impending danger.Here is where it all seems to culminate, as you feel a soft comfy, fluffy heat occupy your brain, urging you to take deep snoozy breaths of the powdery stuff. Within moments, all errant thought is wiped from your mind. There are two very, very beautiful females here and you’re a very, very aroused male. Why not surrender yourself to nature’s intentions?They certainly are, acting before you, stripping you of your clothes and theirs so fast that you don’t really register when, but you find yourself naked on an overgrown bed of soft spring grasses, while silky soft gold and crimson leaves line it.Two deliriously plush bodies line up either side of you, each hooking a plump thigh over yours, spreading your legs somewhat, but doubtfully by intent. Instead they press their pelvises and bellies against your sides, bosoms pressing against your chest, where you feel their thrumming heat. In fact, it’s this momentary neglect that sees your manhood swell and tower between the two women.It catches their eyes immediately, halting their kisses along your chest and the roaming of their hands. It twitches a little in response to their lascivious gaze stroking along its length. Their eyes meet as twin smirks play at each one’s lips. In tacit cooperation, they leave you towering there for the moment, instead continuing their dalliances over your chest. Their fingers move in unnerving, unerring unison, running circles over your breast, tracing lines down your stomach and caressing along your shoulders and up your throat, all while their lips tease and smooch, ticklish waves of their hot breath rolling over your oversensitive skin. Each spec of powder had landed upon your skin like hot wax before wicking into nothing, but by now you were so covered in the stuff, there’s no individual sensation, just a catholic ecstasy. Your heart swells as two eminently beautiful heads nuzzle into your shoulders, but your cock swells even harder, urging a low groan to escape through your lips, your arms wrapping about their backs and hugging their deliriously soft forms urgently close. The soft sound of your desperation stirs them and they look to each other again before chuckling, moving in unison they take some distance, just enough to manoeuvre themselves around and enough to make their absence ache. They settle back down either side of you, breasts enveloping your cock as they lay their upper bodies across your lower, their abdomens hanging aside, voluptuous and round asses too rousing a target each. Your hands gravitate there rather naturally, sinking into the plush flesh, each equally as springy and delightful. The two gasp in unison before moaning. Fingers sinking into their pliant bosoms, they wrap their breasts around your cock and move them up and down, each pressing against the other for a truly decadent envelopment. They slip into a cooperative pace instantly, quivering, cute noses twitching somewhat as they take in your scent. Lulled to their baser calling, perhaps some of the more superficial aspects of their rivalry are cast by the wayside as they wrap their arms about each other, further increasing the pressure on your throbbing mast as they kiss – close enough even your tip’s enveloped in silky bosom. You groan, hips thrusting up through their joint cleavage in impulse but more or less unable to or unwilling to shift the pair from your crotch. They ride your erratic, needy thrusts with giggles, finally breaking their kiss and planting both lips upon you; on the swollen, throbbing tip that parts their bosom. Leaning back somewhat to free more of it up, they begin to line kisses down your length, sliding their plump wet lips up and down your pre-drooling shaft, soft warm tongues flicking about your girth, moving together, in tandem, or one focusing more on your balls while the other runs her tongue around your glans. You begin to move your fingers in turn, caressing around a large, pert cheek of each ass, fingers sliding up and slipping between the slick lower lips of each girl, teasing and prodding at their entrances for now.Both Ana and Fae give their own moan, one cuter and lighter, one lower and more sultry. They lavish their love upon your cock in return, taking turns in taking you into their mouths, heads bobbing before swapping. Slowly but surely however, the insatiable papillon begins to monopolise. She doesn’t really push or nudge Fae out of the way, but through taking longer, leaning further in, she edges the autumn moth out all the same.Faelia doesn’t even really realise it until she looks down between her breasts to see Ana deepthroating your cock, her tight hot throat constricting about your throbbing length, causing you to groan in bliss, fingers unwittingly ceasing their teasing and slipping into the slutty butterfly’s sodden pussy, stroking and rubbing at her luxurious inner walls. Her wings shudder in immediate glee as she moans around your girth, instantly getting wetter. Fae looks between the two of you, miffed and left out.“Hmpfh, choke on it then.” With a single vengeful hand, she leans back and places it on the back of Ana’s head. With a single vengeful motion, she shoves the butterfly’s face down to the hilt, deep-throating your cock as deep as it will go. Ana’s antennae instantly go rigid, her throat spasming as you pop past the back of her mouth and into her throat a good amount of the way. The added sensation combined with Fae’s powder in the air and the endless virility of Ana’s aura that had already had you feeling near your limits, sends you careening over them. The moth’s vengeance is swift to be fulfilled and involves monster-naturally altered loads of cum it would appear. Globs of it spurt out the struggling butterfly’s nose as she gags and makes despairing moans – at being so unprepared as to waste cum no doubt. Her beautiful, adoring emerald eyes go wide and misty as her throat writhes about your cock, milking it for all you’re worth, the unerringly intense eye contact after the short moment’s floundering only serving to make your harder inside her throat.Fae takes her hand away and sits up, crossing her arms while looking away in a huff. Ana masters herself in short order, even as the cum dribbles down her chin, bobbing her head as the last few weak spurts empty themselves out lethargically onto her tongue. The moth looks back as Ana contentedly wipes and licks herself clean, the undisguised glint of envy and frustration in her gaze swiftly turning to rage at her inability to faze the woman. With a hefty shove to the apparently infinitely placid and tolerant papillon, Fae straddles your legs and flares her wings wide, scattering a storm of powder about you as her amber eyes fairly glow with ominous malcontent. Despite it not being directed at you per se, it’s still intimidating, not to mention she’s got a lot of size and mass to back that anger up. She could probably hatefuck you into dust and the scariest part is you’d gladly be broken between her thick, muscular; yet still soft thighs. Your blood surges as the powder blankets you like transient autumn leaves, seeping through your skin a moment later to inflame and invigorate your core further yet.You gulp a little as Fae glares holes into you, even as she wraps her lips around the head of your cock and starts angrily sucking, cheeks hollowing out as she swiftly works her way down to the base, her hot wet tongue swirling frenziedly all the while, her hands busy kneading and working at your balls, massaging them as your load builds and a second climax swiftly approaches. Thankfully, her agitation doesn’t extend to her fingertips, the soft pads gently kneading your sack instead – some men go for it, but you like the fragility of your jewels to be properly appreciated. Her powder is almost scentless except for a faint natural perfume and all you can smell is it and the light fragrance of spring, their lusts mixing together. All you can hear is the wet, angry slurping from the girl currently possessively sucking your cock, all you feel is the warmth from the tight, toned almost-amazonian, but far too voluptuous bodies sticking to you; and the tight wringing throat of the mothgirl seeking to eek out her due.Ana for her part seems content for now to simply rest her head upon your hip and watch, a hand down between her legs to play with her clit – even as her pussy tightens around your fingers – the other sinking into her large, bouncy breast, idly massaging herself, toying with her nipple as she pleasures herself to the angry moth.It doesn’t take long, sensitive already from Ana’s admittedly gentler ministrations, overloaded on that unique mothgirl powder that’s setting sparks alight in your brain, spot fires uniting to a raging conflagration. You moan, your free hand – now that Fae’d abandoned your side in favour of dominating your front – reaching for the autumn moth’s head, fingers running through her white silken hair as you unwittingly return to her the same treatment she’d exacted upon Ana, holding her down as your hips thrust discordantly, spurting thicker ropes yet down her greedy gullet. As climax rocks your body and Fae’s eyes gloss over, needily gulping your hot load as it comes, Ana thinks it the perfect time to move in for some of her own fun. Perhaps she wasn’t as far gone as it would seem, or the papillon’s encroachment simply stirred some primal response from Fae, for the moment she registers Ana’s movements, she sucks her way back from base to tip, tongue swirling about as she milks the remnants before releasing your member with a lewd pop and shuffling up your body. Her withering glare never leaves Ana, even as she takes your throbbing hard cock and places it to prod at her sodden delta. Sighing, the spring butterfly backs away and you feel yourself lifted up as she instead takes a place by your head, resting it upon her venerean thighs. Her graceful, delicate fingers find their way to your scalp in no time. Fae, in the meantime, seems so transfixed with her coming, gradual penetration that she doesn’t notice Ana shift behind you, slowly working her hips in circles and easing your swollen crown into her tight, wet passage, prodding apart her pale pink lips and squishing her puffy labia under the pressure of impending impregnation, until it plunges in a few inches with a pop and the girls’ wordless gasps.Ana’s sweet voice filters into your ears. “Put your hands on her hips, she likes to be grabbed.” Your body obeys, even as your mind questions how such a gentle tone could brook no quarrel. “I really, really like her, you know. I feel so bad that I’m always taking things from her, I just… can’t help it…” Fae moans, your hands slipping from her ass and coming to rest upon her thighs as she arches her back and steadies herself upon your knees, bending backwards to bounce on your lap with her glorious body of fertility and prowess on full display. Her hot writhing walls wrap around your girth with wanton, welcoming need. Her innards clinging to and caressing your cock as it batters crudely through her drenched folds. Ana leans down, plopping her boobs in your face. You reach up on instinct and begin to knead, while she leans to the side to whisper into an ear. “I just want what she has so bad that I always end up taking it in the end. But you… you’ll still be here once we’ve drained those delicious balls of yours, won’t you? Please, I want nothing more than to share this with her. Help me… help us be together… the three of us...” Her words begin to trail off as you sense her attentions wander and she leans further forwards, dragging her breasts off your face and though the one hand still rests lovingly on your cheek, the other props her up lower on your body, as she begins to kiss and lick the base of your cock. She pays extra attention to Fae’s clit when woman rides you down to the base, taking a moment to grind in circles, moaning sweetly all the while.You’re far too gone in bliss to pay much heed to Ana’s rapacious appetite, hefting and kneading her breasts as they rest upon your belly. She wiggles an arm under one of Fae’s legs, her soft fingers curling around and caressing your balls, the digits digging in and kneading, almost massaging each individually as she toys with your sack. Her attentions only bring both you and Fae to greater heights, soon ushering in a climax that builds between the two of you, the pulsing throb of your cock crushing her folds flat and spreading her walls wide, causing her inner muscles to constrict in carnally craving motions, spurring you to greater hardness in turn, then feeding back as Ana’s boundless spring aura seems to form a base for the three of your essences to mix and catalyse. Leg shaking, mind whitening orgasmic bliss consumes the both of you. Your balls clench in the papillon’s hand as your loins work to pump thick ropes of seed deep into Fae’s womb, the tip of your manhood nestled squarely into the opening and your tip about halfway through, though the tight ring and the depth of her passage are such that you don’t quite manage to push through – something that’s subject to change with monstergirls as you understand, much more less mundane girls like these.As your hot seed fills her womb with your essence, deep fulfilment washes over her – near visibly – seeming to cleanse and wash aside her anxieties in a deluge of contentment. Even her gaze towards Ana changes, a gentle hand stroking her blonde hair, fingers gently rubbing at the base of her antenna and making the papillon’s thick thighs quiver beneath you. You take keen note of that.With a happy murmur Fae swings a leg off you, slowly drawing your cock out from her deepest recesses, a thin band of pink gripping in denial as your shaft leaves, at the very least collecting any remnants, nary a drop spilling between her puffy and lust filled lips. Still glowing slightly with satisfaction, she gently nudges Ana aside with her hips, taking her place under your head, equally built thighs under a layer of softness providing the perfect pillow. Ana wastes no time, appetite practically drooling from her lips as hunger blazes in her eyes. She spares no care – or even seems a little excited – as she takes your still Fae-slicked member between her lips and sinks down. You gasp, eyes wide in surprise. She’s so much tighter than Fae, her pussy so much more active, wringing you already – then it hits you – she’s cumming from the penetration alone. Her thick thicks shake above you and she falters, a heavy hand all but slamming into your chest as she catches herself in the last moment, wings and eyelids fluttering as her pussy squirts about your girth and she gnaws her bottom lip, expression as much a quivering mess as her hips while she softly whimpers. Fae, in a pure moment’s compassion for her rival, leans forwards and pulls her into an embrace, making out with Ana all while her own autumn air takes the place spring once did, finding some synergy with the papillon’s own essence, driving her ecstasy to even greater heights. Although for the meantime you can’t help but feel a little left out, back to third wheeling this turbulent relationship between the two girls now that Fae’s back to playing nice, you can’t exactly complain with two pairs of hefty great tits dangling on your face or near about. Parting your lips, you catch one of Fae’s pale pink nipples in your mouth as you reach out for Ana’s tanned breasts, pinching one of her rosy buds between your fingers. By the time you start gently thrusting from below, Ana had already overcome her initial orgasm, setting a rhythm with her wide hips, riding and bouncing on your cock as her powerful inner muscles constrict and contract. In her stride, her pussy’s just as pleasurable as Fae’s albeit in different ways, there’s less of a tight, slick sensation and more of a soft wet heat, your cock feeling like it’s plunging through wringing, molten clouds, each of her sloppy folds sucking whorishly to the rim of your glans as your cock grinds past them.The glade soon fills again with the cacophony of lewd wet flesh, Ana’s powerful thighs closing around your chest as she braces herself and rides, the tip of your cock battering up against her cervix with each stroke, causing her walls to quiver and clench around you. Fae rests a cool hand on your face, caressing your cheek as she makes out with Ana, directing some of the horny papillon’s attentions to her but as it is, on your fourth round now and under all kinds of lascivious influences, you’re not exactly long for retention.Your hands are led – by some one, you don’t know whose soft, warm hands these are – to Ana’s heaving bosom, the added sensation of you groping her breasts only spurring her to greater heights. With Ana picking up pace, you only last a few moments longer– not that time has much meaning, lost in realms of such carnality. As much longer as an uncounted number more flaps of the butterfly’s wings and a tempest of lust, for what it’s worth.Your seed erupts deep into her womb, painting her uterus in viscous ropes of sticky white. A gushing aura of spring forces the autumn away as her own lower lips gush all over your crotch, powerful thighs pinning you almost painfully as they clench and quiver, her insides no less constricted, quaking even as they milk your cock of a heftier load. Anastasia’s orgasm only spurs on your own, enough of Faelia’s essence still thick on you to ignite some kind of reaction, blasting the glade with a strange harmony and draining you entirely, the last weak spurt into the papillon’s overstuffed womb heralding the end, all that is left, to slowly flag inside her. Unless they have other plans, of course. Ever at the whim.Exhaustion and relief takes you as you collapse under the weight of a blissed out Ana. You feel almost drowsy as Fae runs her fingers through your hair gently, but her hand freezes as Ana begins to stir, planting sloppy kisses along your chest and rising up your throat to finally plunge her tongue into your mouth, hungrily seeking out your own tongue, her slick hot organ swirling about yours as her soft plump lips catch your own and her teeth lightly nibble. She makes content little whines as she wraps her arms about you and begins to grind her hips against you, her walls slowly rousing your manhood. Despite your two recent dalliances, you feel yourself growing hard inside her once more, until your head falls, landing softly upon the forest floor. You look around in surprise only to find Faelia dressing herself – with remarkable ease, her ‘armour’ doesn’t seem to be of any mundane human make, almost cladding itself. She turns back to you momentarily, face impassive but consternation in her eyes as she looks between you and Ana, yourself looking truly drained, but Ana primed to take yet mores. She turns her back on you, dons her helm and flies off. You break the kiss and go to call out, but Ana places her finger on your lips with a soft shake of her head. “Let her go.”You look to her in askance, it sure doesn’t feel like she’s saying that just to keep you to herself. Your eyebrows rise as she gives you another, parting kiss and slowly gets up off you, sliding herself off your cock with a palpable reluctance before dressing herself. In the meantime, you find your own pile of clothes and robe yourself. “She’ll need a bit of time to simmer in regret.” She offers you what seems to be an uncharacteristically sly, supercilious smile. “Then she’ll be ready for you. Come,” She hefts her greatshield and lance with ease, but by the divots they leave in the soft earth you can tell they are anything but light. “Let me take you home, where we can brew up a plot against that silly moth.” You tilt your head slightly. “Plot?”“Of course, you think she’ll just let go of our feud of her own free will? Well... I say plot, but… it’s nothing too complex? Just going to fill you to the brim, then drop you at her doorstep.” She chuckles to herself.She starts to walk off and being thoroughly baffled, it takes you a moment to stumble after, leaving your camp behind momentarily. Ordinarily you wouldn’t, but their combative auras have well and truly chased off anything with the sense left to leave. “Are you sure that will help?” That’s almost on par with one of your solutions, though you do put a little more legwork in to get at the crux of the matter before deploying the man-bait. Their relationship seems slightly more messy than that, but her ‘solution’ that cuts to the heart of it is impressive in its own way. A sudden affinity blooms within your heart as you look at the colourful and alluring behind of the woman before you; a professional’s respect. She shoots you a glance, “She might take me for a dumb glutton, but don’t you go doing it too. Of course it will help, what else does she want? And what else will prove my sincerity other than sending your two swollen, ripe fruits for her to pluck? You provided the solution yourself, didn’t you dear? Something we could share, forever? It’ll be the first time I’ve ever been able to do something like this for her… I can’t very well un-eat all her things.” She blushes bashfully and looks away as the two of you continue on. You begin to note a rather swift onset in the difference of the forest. Less frequent do the sickly discolourations become, stronger and healthier do the growths seem. Gradually, your sense of time begins to warp as it seems you’re walking directly through the seasons into a rich, vibrant spring. Your nose tickles, but not unpleasantly as an almost pollen haze begins to settle about you. Flowers abound absolutely everywhere and green growth surrounds every hearty bough and trunk. You even begin to hear a faint birdsong, strange for the hour and the woods seem to hum with the buzz of insects, most notably some lazily listing fireflies. Great beams of moonlight filter down through the canopy, almost scattering like little rainbows. She takes you deeper yet, unto a quaint little clearing, wherein lay a single, humble cottage that seems to have almost grown in place, with steep gables covered in grass, ancient looking timbers and a colossal flower with a thick stem almost in mimicry of a chimney, with petals of alternating colours not unalike the papillon’s herself. She leads you through the large but cute circular door, into a cluttered home that seems to live and breathe the word ‘cozy’. Bits and bobs litter every surface, some revealing their age more than others. You look around in honest awe at the menagerie as Ana deposits her arms and armour upon racks tucked away by the entrance. A ‘fireplace’ of crystal embers emits heat in the centre of the room, upon which a large cauldron currently boils. Ana’s antennae flick to it before she perks up in glee. “Oh good! Just in time! I was afraid it’d have overcooked, I didn’t exactly plan our encounter.” She beams and points you towards a table. “Come, nothing that can be said on an empty stomach is worth saying.” She bounds away, now in little more than her undercloths, which turns out to be a scandalously short dress and that’s about it.Before long, you’re seated before a truly large bowl of broth. Crude chunks of mushroom and other vegetables float beneath the surface and you think you spy a piece of unidentifiable meat just beneath the fat and oil specked surface. She looks at you and your portion, licking her lips subconsciously. “Sorry. If I’d been expecting you, I’d have baked some bread.” You shake your head, eagerly picking up the wooden spoon she’d given you and taking your first spoonful. “Not at all, this much is fine. I’m strangely hungry.” She just smiles knowingly. “Say the word, my pantry is anything but bare. Now…” She takes a mouthful herself, scrunching up her face and emitting a happy little noise. “Perfect.” Seeing her reaction, you pop the spoonful into your mouth with heightened expectations. What you find is an explosion of flavour. You’re not exactly sure how soup manages to have so many clear and distinct flavours that nonetheless still blend perfectly, but whatever magic it is she’s worked, she’s done it. The lightly smoked and peppered meat you find stands out on it’s own while also complimenting the rest of the soup and bleeding into the rich bite of the onion chunks and the mellow earthiness of the mushroom. You take a glance at the papillon. Beneath it all is a rich, dark taste, some kind of ale or lager. Sure, the uh… house in the middle of the forest suggested some kind of contact with a greater world, but this pretty much confirms it, unless she’s a bit of a homebrewer, which you suppose could be possible. Somehow you doubt it’s the mundane world she’s connected to – otherwise she’d have more sense regarding the impact of their little spats. She’s know what a season is, for that matter. “So. Now that we’ve some less exceptional circumstances, I suppose it’s time I know the name of my husband and why he smells of so many different women.” Your eyebrows rise in surprise at that, but given by her playful demeanour, she doesn’t seem too bothered by it, despite what she says. She probably figures – rightly – that the ‘smells’ aren’t entrenched enough to be indicative of any kind of intimate relationship.You clear your throat after another mouthful. “It’s delicious by the way.”She bows slightly. “Thank you.”“So… Introductions. Yes, I suppose we did skip a few steps. I am Emerick, or Rick. I’m a wandering monster slay-uh… solver. Sorry, force of habit. Most people don’t really care how their problems are solved, so long as they are. Now and then you get a real salty bastard that would kick up no end of fuss if you told them their mystic nemesis was now pumping out babies and too busy being happy to bother them.”Ana gives a light chuckle. “I can imagine.”“So yeah. I go around solving problems like you girls.”She grimaces. “I am truly sorry about that, to think that our conflict spilled out so far… I’m endlessly thankful you’ve offered yourself up as an alternative.” The guilty grimace turns to a coy smirk.You smile back wryly. “I suppose it was bound to happen sooner or later. Surprised I lasted this long, honestly. Every job was starting to feel like the last.”“Think on the positive side, now you don’t have to worry about being chosen as ‘the alternative’ anymore.” You jolt, looking at her. Her plump lips curl as her emerald eyes glimmer, “Home is nice and all but if you don’t want to stop what you’re doing, I don’t particularly mind. Of course, I’m getting a bit ahead of myself, we still have our own little issue to solve.” You clear your throat, while your mind churns in the background with the allure of her prospect. “Of course… how exactly do you intend to go about fixing it?”She gestures to your food. “Well, first you should eat up. You’re going to need some energy. Lots of it. Second, we’ve been fighting over this forest for a long time. Most of what I win I eat, but I’ve saved up a few special things I’d painstakingly set aside for…” She glances down to her belly before blushing and looking away quickly, “reasons. You can have them... Fufufu~” Looking at you with a foxlike mirth in her gaze, she covers her mouth as she chuckles. “Not every one has fled in the wake of our fighting. I’ll also have to thoroughly mark you as you make your way over so they don’t harass you, as I’m afraid you’ll be in … quite the state.” You gulp, not really liking the sound of that. “Then you’ll go over and she won’t be able to resist her thick, throbbing gift.”“So that’s your plan? You’re just going to… drug me up and ship me over?” You look at her a little sceptically and she shrugs.“You’re the ‘monster solver’, what would you do?”That… you’re actually pretty sure you’ve done exactly this before to some other bloke. “Uh… No, that should work. I mean, it seems like the crux of your issue is there’s not much reciprocation going on here.”Ana nods. “She can’t really hate me and that eats her up inside because she feels like she should. A good dicking should set her right. Sets most things right.” She nods sagely to herself and you can’t help but stare for a moment.“Right.” Your flat tone speaks volumes of your uncertainty, but she ignores it pretty well.“And it will prove that while I might be greedy and gluttonous, if there is something I can still share with her at the end of it all, I will.” Her eyes fairly burst with a kind of earnest sincerity that… kind of makes you a little jealous for some reason. It’s just a fleeting notion, given you literally met this woman only a few hours ago, but it’s there all the same and you can’t help but rethink your position here momentarily.She senses something, or catches some subtle subconscious expression that crosses your face. She opens her mouth to speak, but hesitates for a bit, before tentatively starting. “Sorry. I’m… talking about her a lot huh? I don’t mean to make you feel left out.”You immediately shake your head in denial. “N-no, leaving aside the fact that I’m actually the one playing the ‘bait’ this time around, this situation you’re in is exactly what I’m here to solve. Of course we need to talk about it.” Ana shakes her head while chuckling slightly, reaching a hand out to clasp yours. “You’re just saying that. Don’t worry, once this immediate issue is resolved, we’ll have all the time in the world to get to know you, in all senses of the word.” Her lips curl into a suggestive grin and you can’t help but feel your hand grow hot where she touches it. You pull away after a while.Distracting yourself from these thoughts and feelings; her perfectly happy to let you, the both of you lapse into silence, focusing on eating the rest of the soup before it grows cold. For a time all that’s heard is the dulled knocking of wood spoon on wooden bowl. Eventually, Ana pushes her bowl away with a satisfied sigh, finishing earlier than you, but also eating thrice as much easily, her getting up to serve herself another dish of it giving you ample time to appreciate her ample rear.“So.” With elbows on the table she rests her chin upon overlapped hands. “Tell me a story. In fact, lets start with how you’re here and still single, for that matter. I have some ideas, but it certainly is still… unexpected.”You shrug, pushing away your own thoroughly bread-mopped bowl, deciding you’ve had enough yourself. “It’s rare monstergirls go about causing trouble on their own. Usually when you girls start lashing out and creating havoc it’s because something’s already caught your eye. Given how one-track your minds are, I’m actually usually safer from predation than you might think, though nothing’s ever certain.” Recent events serve as proof of that. You pause a moment, thinking. “I’ll give you an example, some few months back a dorome was creating earthquakes and threatening to flood the town by taking down the dam. Turns out when she was just a little gnome sprite a few centuries back, some enterprising lad swindled her into building the dam and using up all her power in the process, all in return for his hand in marriage.” Ana raises an eyerbow and you shrug. “Elementals don’t really have that great a concept of time. Anyway, she’d somehow absorbed enough energy and awoke, not to her beloved but to a prospering township and was pretty pissed, understandably I might add. I just happened to be passing through, pieced together the story, baled up one of the lad’s distant, wayward descendants and tossed him into the dam.” You chuckle. “The earthquakes didn’t stop but the dam was safe and their soil quality improved.” The Papillon sniggered, “That’s one way to make a happy ending.” She looks you up and down. “You and I are of the same breed of problem solver.” You smirk wryly. “There were a few close calls, but I always managed to make my way out of danger. Until now, I suppose.”Ana makes a casual gesture, filled with an unspeakably smug subtext. “What will be will be. All it proves is those other girls weren’t fit for you. We are.” You roll your eyes. “I’ve heard that sentiment a lot.”“Thank your gods, or even the world itself; whichever, it doesn’t matter. Something’s out there, tying people’s fates together.”You shake your head. “I just don’t think many men are actually going to say no when it comes down to it. Also you lot have a bit of an air about you that tends to take the bite out of some of the meaner personalities.” She shrugs then rises from the table. “Believe whatever’s easier for you to believe in. Sit tight, I’ll brew you up something nice and warm to drink, then we can get moving on these concoctions. Don’t want to keep her waiting, after all. I’m sure she’s agonising over the thought of me eating you up already.” The next little while would have passed slowly, were it not so easy to lose yourself in watching the beautiful woman work while sipping on a delightfully floral beverage. She darts from this place to that, boiling some things down and crushing others into a powder, while rendering others yet into a thick paste to be baked. Watching her bend over the pestle in her short dress is… especially interesting. Her hands show practice and familiarity as they work, while her lips show… abject, quivering desire. You steel your mind and prepare to take whatever it is she’s concocting with mettle in your spine. She’s clearly giving up a lot not to just scoff it all down, least you can do is honour that.You decide to look around for a bit as she carefully keeps and maintains her fires and other various alchemical processes, partway to ease the tension in your pants. You study the knickknacks – some of which are rather blatantly antique – realising you’re not actually sure how old they are. It would surely take quite a while for them to effect their forest so. Given that, it’s not really that strange she has the skills and poise that she does.The first thing that sticks out to you as you peruse her dwelling is something… off. Incomplete. You ponder over it in the back of your mind as you take idle stock of her trinkets, until you open a door to what seems to be a small nursery and it hits you. From the decorations to random voids thereof, to a curious care that nothing overly harmful seems to be in reach of little hands, it seems the whole place is laid out with a family in mind… but the lack thereof leaves the place feeling hollow.You look back to Ana, dutifully minding her works and a twinge of empathy hits you. You’d known all along, of course – with your line of work – what kinds of lengths monstergirls would go to just to feel love. You’d not seen it expressed so… implicitly before. By the time you finish your little self-tour, Ana seems to be adding the finishing touches to whatever it was she was doing. After sitting down, what she presents before you is a whole, round, baby-fist sized fruit, seeming to bead starlight and glisten with some cosmic radiance, a vial of some resplendent green substance and a single earthy brown pellet about the size of the tip of your pinky.You look to the odd collection, then back at her. “What’s this?”“A three course meal.” She smirks. “You need to start with the green stuff, or the pellet might just blow those delicious balls off, not to mention what the fruit will do to you and we do need those bits in one piece if a long term relationship’s going to work out.” She sighs wistfully as she turns to the fruit. “We fought for seven days and seven nights over that one. I’ve been keeping it ever since. Found it in a quiet little grotto hidden out of the way, surrounded by frozen waterfalls that reflected and focused the light of the moon. I should take you some time.” She slides it all to you. “Take it as fast as you can, you’ll need the shock to your system to lock some of the potency up so you’re not floored immediately.”You glance at her, with no lack of apprehension, but she only smiles and gestures her head. Gulping your nerves down, you pop the cap of the vial and down its contents, expecting something truly bitter and vile, but what you get instead is the somehow sweet taste of… cut flowers. The instant it touches your tongue, you feel a wave of heat rush through you, leaving a tingling sensation around your shoulders, neck and lower back which turns to a dull, eating heat that seems to fade, along with old aches you’d long gotten used to. That warmth settles in your belly, radiating out in soothing pulses that, rather than relax and calm you, seem to fill you with boundless energy. Hands darting, with exceptional deftness and agility – some meagre outlet given that you currently feel like bursting out of your chair and going for a day’s long sprint – You pluck both the fruit and the pellet between two fingers each, swiftly swinging your hand back to your face and popping both into your mouth, pill sliding down your gullet while you crush the fruit between your teeth, the thing exploding in your mouth with a pulpy, semi gelatinous feeling along with all the cool crispness of a midnight pond. Both are devoured within a split moment and the next sees your heart jolt to a sudden and powerful halt as your mind flares white. The deathly cold in your chest doesn’t alarm you – actually, it does, a lot, however not because you feel death. Instead, it seems like a herald, an alarming beacon in the night. Yet instead of the expected explosion; in the moment’s silence – from all the boundless energy – a core is formed in your centre, imploding while radiating out some sundering energy. Just from the density and weight of the thing alone you feel like your insides should be shredded into a fine mist, but finally that endless stamina has a proper outlet, fortifying your insides against the onslaught as that temperamental core sits brooding within you, settling deeper and lower yet, drawing it’s baleful power down into your loins. Rip. You look down, temperate air of the cabin licking along the length of your vein-bulging, throbbing, engorged cock. You stare down baffled, not even especially aroused for all the alarm bells ringing in your head, but at the very least it isn’t painful just… hard. So hard. You feel like you could fuck a hole into solid rock.“O-oh, my~” You can practically hear the tanned girl slurp her hunger back. “I-I… no, I can’t. Get a hold of yourself, Ana.” She chides quietly while falling to her knees before your majestic boner. Her eyes aren’t clouded with lust – okay, maybe only a little – a conscious deliberacy instead sees her graceful fingers barely wrap about the swollen girth of your member, lifting its throbbing mass upwards while her other hand cradles balls you find to be alarmingly larger than before. You gasp at the disembodied sensation, they almost don’t even feel like your own – they certainly don’t look it. You suppose that hazy sense of separation is the only thing preventing you from falling headfirst into an abyss of lust. As it is, you only need to gently hold on to the arms of the chair, the little voice in the back of your head telling you to grab her face and fuck it until she cums her brains out is just that – little and still very much in the realm of intrusive thought. You don’t think you have too long left of that.Puckering her plush, plump lips, she lays a kiss upon the orbs, one far from ordinary, given the ethereal tendrils that spread from the glowing green imprint of a pair of lips left upon your taut sack, sending muted sparks of electricity up your spine and a lurching, powerful throb in your loins. Like the final key to the puzzle, the fresh and virile sensation of spring itself seems to seep into your loins, harmonising with that immense presence, coaxing rather than guiding it, finally letting you feel what you aught to; really fucking horny, but also surprisingly clear minded. Leaning back away from your shaft with evident reluctance in her eyes, she undoes the rest of your trousers and lets them drop to the floor.Rising from her kneel, she walks a short circle about you, looking you over as she nods to herself. “Perfect. Couldn’t have wrapped you up any nicer.” In a sudden motion, she grabs your shoulder and spins you around, yanking your top off before pointing you to the door with one hand, shirt still dangling from it while she slaps your ass with the other. “That’s just so the others know you’re mine. Go get ‘er. Don’t worry about getting lost, my magic will guide the way.”You stumble a little from the unexpected impact, but nearly trip as you look back, not realising your own feet already steadfastly marching forth, pulled to a certain direction. You’re drawn as far as a few steps beyond her threshold before you gain the presence of mind to stop, the aching urge in your loins causing you to look back, take half a step back before you shake your head, eking out what little clarity you can. While you’re certain she wouldn’t complain overmuch, it would also render all her efforts null. Wrapping your arms around yourself to still the shaking; not out of cold, though you feel it’s soft tongue gracing your skin; not out of fear, though wandering alone and naked through a forest at night is about as primal an origin of the stuff as can be; but to forcefully suppress some of this bacchian fervour wracking your body.Some creatures eye you curiously but innocently, no mirthful knowing tinging their eyes. What you do feel more self conscious of are some of the infrequent, unseen feminine chuckles emanating from the woods, no doubt belonging to beings strong enough to withstand the two girls’ conflicts or at least strong enough to subsist on the outskirts and therefor, knowing enough. They leave you be, Ana’s brand evidently holding some sway.As such you stumble your way through the brightly moon-lit woods, cock bobbing and oft leaking a strand of precum along the way. The further you make it, the deeper the blight becomes as you return to near the centre of their conflict, the fewer eyes you feel as life struggles even more to deal with the power radiating from their clashes. Though curiously, as you look around, eyes soaking in as much information as they can in the gloom to distract from the everburning need to breed, you do spy some twisted, yet… seemingly thriving growths. They descend from the simpler forms of life, strange spongy mats clinging to nooks and crannies in cracked rock crevasses or under old fallen logs that see no sunshine. Bundles of fungi competing there for territory and carpets of queer mosses lining stagnant streams. These things seem to have adapted to the constant flux and found some use for the energies bandied about. You’re no mage, not really even an expert on monstergirls and the processes defining them, but there’s enough minutia rattling around in your head that lets you suppose the damage done to this land has probably scarred it for good. Especially in the deepest, most effected regions, where even in the long absence of the girls’ conflict, what learned to thrive during it, will begin to emit the same discordance. Of course, the effects should vastly decrease in scope once the fighting ceases, to a small pocket of extraordinary nature.Once more, the signs of blight begin to diminish, though instead of green leaves and bright springs, you get the strangest notion of walking back through time, or forwards, as it were. The forest floor goes from sickly and ashy, to speckled then scattered and finally blanketed in a crisp, crunchy carpet of browns, reds, golds and yellows. The trees no longer take on a twisted, ill visage, instead baring their branches in preparation for an eternally coming winter. Wind blows through the trees and though you hear the tiny scampering noises of critters maybe a little to fat, it lacks the franticness of preparing for the coming snows, instead the woods seen to persist at a more casual pace. Creatures stockpiling for a hibernation that will never come. Meanwhile, you spy some birds roosting restlessly in trees, who knows how many years into deliberating whether or not it’s time to migrate to fairer climates. You didn’t notice it much in Ana’s domain, but just as you’d seen in the lands between, here slowly but surely plants and animals seem to be gradually adapting to this new normal, the foliage upon the trees as you delve deeper into this part of the woods growing thicker and denser and even more colourful, swaying in the wind, yet not falling as they had upon the trees just a short distance away.A thick coating of gold-green grasses wave beneath the boughs of autumn trees, dominating almost the entirety of the forest floor, perhaps akin to the mosses and fungi from before; the first to adapt and the first to thrive in this new environment. The very edges of certain patches see their oddly regal leaves at times turning a rich red. You attract fewer attention from this stretch of forest, a quiet, almost lazy malaise pervading it. You’re sure anyone that would care’s currently snuggled up in their dens all cozy.Before long, that compulsion Ana cast upon you leads you to a clearing, wherein sits another large cottage, similar in size and even make to Ana’s though clearly different in theme and feel. With warm cream walls and a gold-red thatched roof, instead of a flower as a turret, a resplendent autumn tree juts out, some warm light glowing through a window carved into its trunk, some lanterns also lighting the glade, making it seem less like the night that it is and more like a late evening. A garden sits outside the cottage, meticulously maintained, unlike anything you’d seen in Ana’s domain of fruitful natural abundance. Upon a bench by the side of the house is a number of gourds curing in the weather and even now the gardens seem over-ripe with harvest. A rack sits out the front to the side of the cottage with a hide stretched over it, some fur lightly scattered over the ground and the bulk of it nearly overflowing from a bucket. The scene looks recently abandoned and a gout of smoke comes from one end of the cottage; a dinner, maybe forgotten.Steeling yourself, presenting yourself as proper as you can, butt naked and with a slab jutting out and up a fair way away from you – throbbing still and leaking – you step up and go to rap on the slightly ajar door, only for it to open before you of its own accord. Out gushes the warmth of a hearth, carrying on it the scents of spiced vegetables and bread slowly baking. Your stomach gurgles at the scent of it, something actually managing to pierce the haze of lust.The door doesn’t open with an especially loud noise, but you hear what sounded to be a kitchen suddenly get quieter. “Ana? No…” Faelia’s voice rings out to fill the silence, the soft crackle of fire and gentle gurgle of boiling water all that sits under it. “Hmph, surprised you managed to make your way over here after she was done with you,” Her voice gets louder the nearer she gets, but you linger at the threshold, a little unsure of what to do or say. She finally rounds the corner, sullen discontent writ large on her features, which are plainly visible, armour swapped out now for fine threads and a casual, modest red dress – modest as some one bearing her curves can be – with gold motifs. Her arms are crossed under her chest, head cocked to a side almost provokingly as her eyes glare into yours.“Don’t you think you should be resting u-o-oh… oh gosh...” How words trail off as her eyes run down your body, a heavy red blush coming on as her gaze hones in on your throbbing cock. “T-that is… ehm.” She clears her throat, looking away as her antennae flick and sway, hands flying up to cover her eyes though she sneaks furtive glances towards your member. “Either you’re more man than she counted on, or.. no, i-i take it she didn’t...”“Uh, no…” You fight to keep your own gaze on her face, instead of eye fucking her curves and cleavage the way your body desperately wishes to. “I think she really wanted to though.”Fae snorts. “Of course she did. Did you uh… fight her off, or something?”“No, she… left me like this on purpose. For you.”The moth girl laughs. “For me? Yeah, right.” You shrug and make a small thrusting gesture with your hips, large erection evidence enough, bead of pre disturbed and splatting fatly upon her floor. She jumps and gasps slightly. “Ah! H-h...hmm…” Perhaps seeing your point, she gingerly steps up to you and kneels down, face flushed a beet red, slightly cool hands tentatively cradling your balls. “W-well, I guess… It does look that way. B-but why?” She looks up at you with her big amber eyes and it takes you a long moment to think of anything else other than seeing them water as she takes your so-close cock to the base.You shake your head clear a little bit, no longer rudely staring at the woman. “Because she wanted to. Because she likes you and doesn’t like the way she takes from you, so now she thinks she has a chance to give back and show her feelings.”Fae smirks, “What? She thinks this pays me back for all the years she took from me?” Her twisted smirk eases a little as she looks your cock up and down. “I-It might...” She rises abruptly and grabs your hand, tugging you inside. “C-come on, stop leaking all over my bloody doorstep, I’ll never get the smell out.”Stumbling after her, you’re tugged up a flight of stairs and to her bedroom, the insistent pull on your hand doing all the work while your muddles brain switches gears as it goes from explaining the situation while buck naked and sporting an erection to breeding tight moth hole. While there are some other situations where turning up uninvited and naked with an erection leads to sex, there are many many more occasions where it doesn’t.She lets your hand drop as she enters her bedroom, a simple display of pretty mundane furniture, about the most exciting thing about the room being a ladder by the wall that leads up to a loft of some apparent height. You suppose this is the section of the cottage dug into the tree, though the walls don’t really look it. Though it’s simple, it’s all you really need and the uniformity of it accentuates the little tweaks, decorations and modifications to the furniture, giving the room a very lived-in look. She reaches up behind her, undoing the laces along the back of her dress that you just now have the presence of mind to notice. You suppose it does make getting dressed and getting undressed with a big fluffy abdomen and a pair of wings easier. The red cloth pools on the ground, discarded beneath her. She hesitates a while, before looking back to you over her shoulder, her pale white skin flushed an alluring red, almost as red as her folded but quivering wings and large abdomen. The way its bulbous mass sits on her frame only enhances the silhouette of her large but pert and perky ass. Also, the side profile of her immense bust is quite incongruous with her almost coy expression. She turns back, previously somewhat slumped shoulders straightening as she takes a deep breath then moves over to settles down on the side of the bed, legs spread. Her expression when she faces you is one of stern control, though some wavering in her gaze belies how lost she feels. You could easily break her facade, but you decide to play along. She looks at you, then down to your cock. “H-hmph, I’d offer my mouth but I don’t think you’d be able to handle as much as my breath in your current state. Come,” she spreads her legs a little wider, while fingers drift down her belly. “Let’s not waste Anastasia’s ‘consideration’. I-I want you in here.” She spreads her lower lips, the soft pink within making you groan with desire. All while biting her bottom lip and averting her eyes somewhat cutely, you note. You step forwards, going to settle yourself between her thighs when you find a soft foot planted into your belly as she looks momentarily startled or afraid. “O-on… second thought... how about you show me some of your sincerity first?” She gives your cock a pointed glance. “I’ve seen hers.”You tilt your head as she lifts an eyebrow and glances pointedly down between her legs. “What have I done to you?” You can’t help but recall how none of this was an issue the first time she took you. She seems to have an entirely other side to herself without Ana being around the stir her competitive instincts. She takes a deep look at you, standing there with a bit of a wry expression on your face, but standing there obediently and patiently none the less. Like a weight’s lifted from her, she finally smiles prettily. “Nothing, I just want to see what I’m in for, for the rest of our lives.” Her foot on your belly drifts lower, soft sole pressing down upon your throbbing member, luxuriously silken skin pressing up against each throbbing vein, her insistent pressure bringing you down to your knees – or less poetically, reminder enough that you want to bury your face between her legs just as much as you want to bury something else there and you’ve gotta go down to get it. You sigh at her prickliness, though how quickly you drop before her belies your anticipation. Your hands settle on her thick, athletic and toned thighs, fingertips lovingly brushing the delicate soft skin, just enough fat over her muscles for a nice bit of give. Wasting no time, you start with a kiss. Her mound is crowned with a soft fluff and just being near it sets your mind alight, a powdery tickle to your nose accompanying the musky scent of her lust. Her actual lips, however, are bare: reddened slightly from her arousal and already leaking. Her thighs quiver as you slide your tongue out and run it up the length of her slit before flicking it off her clit, your eyes fluttering closed a moment as the taste of her undiluted need hits you and sets an ungodly churning in your loins that almost sees you rising to your feet to mount her, but a timely thigh drapes over your shoulder, reminding you of your place. You look up, but it wasn’t a conscious action of hers, or doesn’t seem to be; her eyes closed in anticipatory bliss as she awaits your further attention, though the hand subconsciously moving down to stroke and caress your head speaks amply enough of her impatience. The other gently massages and caresses one of her large, perky breasts.So you dive in, starting with her clit first, tongue swirling around the stiffened bud before flicking off it a few times, making the thigh over your shoulder twitch as the moth gasps quietly to herself. As enthralled with the noises she makes as you are: satisfied with this particular part of her anatomy, you move lower, tongue greedily plumbing as deep as it can, scraping along the folds of her walls as you seek to dredge out more of her captivating noises.Round ‘n round it swirls, penning an archaic, carnal composition with all the embellishing touches of the mad writ devotedly onto her inner, pleated walls. Her other thigh comes to join in as she cries aloud, muscles clenching, clenching your tongue as it desperately writhes, clenching your head as you desperately try to keep enough space for meagre airflow; though all you earn for that is a brainful of powder. Resolving to deal with this moth before she has you collapsing embarrassingly between her thighs, you redouble your efforts, gripping her hips firmly as you eat her out, tongue rubbing and grinding at the roof of her passage while you slip a thumb in – not hard given the wetness – to stroke and rub at her clit, attacking from both fronts, regardless of uncomfortable it feels, stretching around her thick thighs to reach. Your efforts pay off in short order and crying wordlessly aloud – only for lack of a name to call, you suspect – she cums.Her muscled, athletic stomach crunches up as she bends forwards, moaning as she splatters your face with her lusts and her wings flutter madly as she wraps her arms about your head, or as much as she can with her thighs in the way, more cradling it as she spasms around you before strength leaves her and she flops back, thighs slipping off your shoulders and her feet thumping onto the floor. You just take the moment to breathe, inadvertently taking in huge lungfuls of her arousing fragrance; trying to drag your eyes off her still contracting womanhood so that you’re not so consumed by the need to pound it. You do take a surreptitious handful of bedsheet, though, and wipe your face off on it.She lays still for a moment, panting before she lightly pushes your head back away from between her thighs, glancing down at your drooling, jutting cock. “I think you’ve proven your sincerity enough.” Her lips quiver as she suppresses an ecstatic, hungering leer. “Now come and fuck me full.” Is shines through in her voice though, a pure husky desire underlining her already low and otherwise sultry voice; if not for the coolness she ordinarily presents herself with, this time gone in favour of a blazing heat.Her words stoke such a passion within you that you all but leap upon her, stepping in close and running one hand up her side, sliding inwards to cup a hefty breast, while the other rests on her hip. One of her hands joins yours on her breast, while the other wraps it’s soft fingers about your shaft and guides the tip of your swollen cock to her lust-slicked and drooling lower lips, squishing your tip into her drenched, giving folds. You halt a moment and quiver as her slickness graces around the oversensitive and drooling tip of your cock, hot icicle splinters jolting up your spine. She wiggles her hips impatiently though, tortuously grinding wet circles into your tip with her pussy. Her quiet, semi-frustrated moans egg you on, the lewd squelches as she churns her sodden entrance around your swollen crown a pleading almost painfully visceral. Haste screams its demand as you sink your fingers into the bedsheets either side the moth, balling them into your fists as you slam forwards with your hips, a seamless penetration of wet rightness. Your thrust so swift, neither you nor she fully register it until your tip’s nestled against the breaching barrier of her deepest sanctum; slickened clap already resounding off the walls. You both cry aloud, lost under the wake of carnal ecstasy. Your body falters, collapsing over her, but hers finds it’s element, even as her mind rocks from the cock thrust through it, her instincts take up their trusty preeminence, wrapping limbs and appendages about the so recently secured mate to milk the most out of him, have his seed spill deep into her fertile depths to appease that most tyrannical of imperatives.   With your face buried in her overly generous bosom, you just barely scrap together the presence of mind to move your limp limbs and wrap your arms around her, up under her wings and between her and her large, soft, fuzzy abdomen, though it seems to be bearing both your weight and hers with no discomfort. You amaze yourself, not knowing if it’s some primordial grit keeping your trunk and lower body firm, or just the rugged conditioning of the roads keeping you rooted and steady to root this woman; though her fingers making their way to stroke and caress at your scalp as she squeezes herself to you certainly threatens to weaken your knees.You rock her mind as you batter your cock up against her cervix. You rock her body certainly, great waving ripples of soft flesh to be on display weren’t she holding herself tight against you; you rock even her bed on every second or third thrust, knocking the head against the wall with whisper-creaks of protest.  Each dull thud becomes joined with a gasped or grunted moan, forming a lusty litany as higher culture bleeds into the basest and most primitive of grunts and groans. In hushed whispers and roaring political boasts, it’s oft stated that the age of monstergirls was long into it’s past-prime, desperate to be impregnated adulthood while the age of man was in its infancy. What you feel as you fuck and hump and thrust into this knightess of autumn is a microcosm of that, the very genesis of culture and civilisation born of a profound need to elucidate more than ragged breaths can offer. It starts with base repetition, of how deep inside her you are, how fucking wet she is, how bad she wants it, and how much harder she needs you to fuck her, but as you keep on, you feel like she’s only an orgasm or two from discovering poetry.Her thighs clench about your hips with almost painful intensity, drawing you ever deeper into her pussy, lips already abused as they mash flat against the base of your cock and deeper yet as she squeezes you harder in the name of more. The levity brought by penetration – the relief of sinking your cock deep within her tight, writhing folds – this moment of peri-nut clarity is snuffed out all too soon with a colossal flap of her wings. Even her abdomen vibrates, shaking loose a great cloud of fine powder. A crisp breeze seems to be conjured from the ether, swirling about the room and about the two of you as your perception begins to shift. A final frolic upon a bed of crisp leaves, over soft grasses. A scarf about her throat and a dense coat laid open, revealing the soft, pale, gropeable flesh beneath as the two of you bare the minimum for a final frisk before the outside world grows too cold and you’re relegated to spooning on fur rugs before the fire.   Then the sensation changes again, the season’s first firing of a hearth that isn’t in the kitchen, the wafts of some sweet spiced pumpkin mingling with the bitter fragrance of a pot of tea and the earthy tang of sex, sweat-slicked glistening skin under knitted wool as you melt into each other before a premature blaze, the frosts not yet arrived to offset it. She lets her aura run rampant as she clutches you close, tightening ever more about your bucking hips like a vice, her inner walls already writing in sensitive agony – your glans scraping along her folds as much as it can, given only the deepest few strokes of movement. Having seemed to scatter their load in a cloud that still scatters about you in a hazy, her soft, warm and fluffy wings envelop you in a cocoon, one that rocks as you transform this larvae of a woman into your imago wife with your cock.   Feeling momentarily ridiculous for the way things turned out, you proffer your name in between thrusts as the pleasure mounts – something to call, and call she does, over and over. Soon your names entwine as your bodies do, a lascivious cacophony that rises above the base rhythm of meaty wet slaps as your balls slam into her ass with each hump, the wall also taking its fair share of a beating. The two of you gasp and moan and cry out together as her pussy wrings your throbbing length, the tip of your cock long since battered her descending womb open, the agonising ascent to the peak all that’s left and by her shaky inhalations, flipping, floundering heart, neither you nor her are far off it.  For how monumental and pressing the slow march of climax is, you’d expected to build, no trudge up to the brink of the precipice and toss yourself off that ledge into the abyss of carnal ecstasy ballswinging thrust by ass slapping thrust. What you’d not counted on was a sudden flashpoint. As if to voice indignation at being forgotten for even the slightest of moments, that core within you flares to being in your loins, rattling shackles you can scarce conceive of: not that it matters as they soon shatter to obliterated shards before the explosive potency of the now not-so-dormant concoction within you.Sensing the coming climax, she pulls your head out from her breasts and plants her lips upon yours, tongue seeking your own out needily as your soft membranes mash together, swapping spit. Your balls clench powerfully, loins churning out what almost feels like a solid mass rather than liquid and it feels like your cock grows to compensate. Plunging deep into the recesses of her womb, with her lips clenching and sucking greedily about the base of your cock, you blow your load balls deep into her pussy, one great throbbing contraction after the other as you jet thick ropes of hot seed deep down her uterus, swiftly filling it to capacity then beyond, her belly swelling slightly under the load before some of it escapes the wrenching seal about your cock, dribbling out in weak spurts that soil the sheets and the floor beneath.You go limp before you finish cumming, though she has the presence of mind to shift your deadweight aside, rolling with you until she lands on top, though your limbs are just as entangled as ever. She doesn’t even break the kiss, grinding and swirling her hips against you and moaning rapturously into your mouth, leaving your breathless and lightheaded. You’ve no concept of how long it takes the overwhelming pleasure to abate but what’s left in its wake is a sublime bliss, albeit with the iron erectness of your cock demanding not to be overlooked.  She breaks the kiss and as you look to her swollen belly, you only get harder. You begin to feel like the beauty of the autumn moth before you is paramount and the only thing that could improve it was a truly swollen belly, with real life, not just the wiggly suggestion of it. Some core fundament of your nature seems to shift in that moment, or rather, it had already shifted some time prior and you only just notice now. Faelia seems cognisant at least, for as you plant your hands upon her hips to start thrusting up from beneath to fulfil this desire, she wriggles out of your grasp and draws herself off your towering erection, thigh quaking inch by inch. You let her, more stunned than anything at the wilful denial of the purpose of life; was that not her place? Is this not yours? She smiles at your evident confusion.“I’m not one to turn down an olive branch, especially when she’s managed to hand it over without eating all the olives and leaves on it leaving me just the branch. I can share.” She strides across the room and swings the door open wide, revealing a stunned Ana, clearly just rudely broken from her reverie, lost in her own world with her fingers lost within her twat, kneeling and drooling onto the floor. “But that doesn’t mean I’ve just forgiven everything. Get in, slut.”Reaching down to grasp Ana’s arm, she all but tosses the girl over to you upon the bed. You rise to catch her as she stumbles, but Fae’s swift behind and with a deft manoeuvre, you’re left kneeling on the bed awkwardly, while Fae’s wrapped her thighs about Ana’s head, pressing her face up to the moth’s recently fucked pussy, all while Ana’s ass sways in the air before you. Her colourful abdomen sways above, revealing in full the bald, puffy, drooling pair of tanned lips so clearly yearning. It hits you, of course, that’s why she rose off from her rightful spot, this isn’t about either one, but both. All three of you. This epiphany seems to set in motion a last and final change, as everything sets into place. That brooding mass of energy within you begins to radiate out, indelibly marked by your essence, mingling at first with the autumn aura in the air, but as you lay your hands upon Ana’s huge, bountiful ass and thrust your rigid prick between her drenched lips, stretching them to their limit about your swollen base, the third and final aura spills into the air, the two essences finally meeting some common ground, harmonising with your own there as medium, two eccentric circles now swirling as one. The room swells with a symphony of moans as you hammer into Ana’s upturned ass, rocking her into Faelia’s pussy with the force of your thrusts while the mothgirl grinds her lower lips against Ana’s face; not that the papillon is exactly passive in the process, eagerly swinging her hips back against you, her tongue delving deep to sup upon Faelia’s nectar. Over and over her wide hips and plentiful ass smack into your pelvis and more than once do you slip out to thrust between her thick thighs in the frenzy of the moment before realigning yourself and plunging back in, both your thighs and hers now a slippery mess. Not that it makes much of a difference with how pleasant her thighs feel, the only change being the cool air on the underside of your cock and your tip grinding against her abs through the thinnest layers of silken skin and a soft layer of fat, tip pressing against her belly button and making her whine into Fae’s pussy a mix of pleasure and frustration, arching her hips back extra far to catch your tip within her lips and sink you back where you belong.For too long her colourful, bobbing abdomen had been a distracting, tempting target. You wrap your arms around it, causing her insides to suddenly constrict as she cries out in sheer ecstasy, the thing evidently very sensitive. Now sawing through her intractably tight pussy, a deluge of her juices are dislodged with every stroke with lewd wet squelches, every stroke a cascade of pleasure wracking her mind as your glans scrapes and grinds at the sensitive folds along her wall and you’re not much better off.That prior… inferno of power hadn’t gone away, merely tempered and cooled by the other essences, but still very much in the process of changing you on a fundamental level. A part of that… boy does pussy feel, smell, look, taste and sound good. Not only that. It’s yours now, specifically. You have some inklings, though no real knowledge on the matter, you just feel… different. This must be incubization, only on a whole other scale than what you’re familiar with. Of course, your deliberately strayed far from demons, devils and the like. The truly corrupted monstergirls that want little more than to subvert all and see it collapse into eternal pandemonium, under the dominion of demonic pussy. That’s well and truly monster territory and forget solving any of their problems, stepping foot there would have seen you undergo this process long ago, although, to be fair, probably in not quite so potent a manner. This is extreme of the extreme, what you understand as incubization is a gradual process, one doesn’t even really notice until they’re pushing on sixty with all the energy of a twenty year old and the looks of some one in their early forties – given the tastes of their specific partner of course. At any rate, though your fortitude even in these few moments has increased substantially, the pleasure you feel hasn’t lagged far behind and in dealing with Ana’s behind… you’re not too far off. Neither is Fae, given how she moans and wraps herself about Ana’s head, stroking through her hair and toying with the base of her antennae subconsciously, each time she does, sending a ripple of contractions through Ana’s pussy, the pleasure rocking through your pelvis and only bringing you closer to climax with each wet fleshy smack.Then you cum. Midway betwixt one thrust and the other, your balls tighten, long simmering loins finally boiling over, spilling ropes of churned seed deep into her womb and you feel no less potent for it being the second climax since the earlier reaction. There’s no outward surge of power, neither spring nor autumn grow especially dominant though the new domain formed through the essence of the three of you does fluctuate a moment, pulsing in time with your cock as you flood Ana’s womb and then some. You’d think as your climax abates and the two lay there, each filled to the brim with seed that would be enough. Or rather, the average man would. You, on the other hand, have some suspicion, so it comes as no surprise to you – though it does Ana – when Fae pulls Ana up and flips her over, presenting both their asses to you as the girls lay belly to belly, Ana’s abdomen to the side as they both present their utterly drenched pussies to you.Almost as if rallying itself to complete this last and final, ultimate consummation, your cock rises to heights greater than ever. Settling down between their legs you strain with actual exertion to spread their pussies around your manhood, though it’s through active resistance from their internal muscles  that you struggle so. The one you’re trying to shove it inside, Fae, looks back at you with a smirk on her face. You sink in to the hilt amidst a wailing cry and all it took was the red hand-print on her pale ass and Ana’s lips ensnaring an errant nipple. You don’t let the papillon’s smugness last overlong though, sliding it out of Fae’s passage and slamming it into hers. There’s really not much variation between them in regards to they way their bodies are and the way their insides feel asides from the earlier noted subtleties, which is a good thing, because anything other than perfection is necessarily less than perfection. The symmetry between them speaks volumes of the life they’ve already shared, the plunder they’ve fought over, ironically it only brought them closer together. If you had to guess, you’d suppose they even underwent metamorphosis together, emerging as imago at the same moment, probably under some cliché reasoning like ‘I can’t trust you enough to do it alone, so we have to do it together.’ Though you figure they’d deny it to their death – or maybe not actually so much anymore – their coordination at this point is implicit and perfect. Down to the way they shake their hips.As you sink yourself into their pussies, dedicating a few thrusts here and then another couple there, working them gradually to the heights of another climax – though you yourself have no break and have to take a moment sharing a load between them and ensuring you fill each their pussies evenly; only really ending up smearing where their labia meet in cum – the strange third aura that had been building and growing between the three of you truly bursts into being with the vibrant flourishes of life, seeming to embody the full cycle of the seasons, or at least the harmonious changeover from spring to fall and back again, rather than the jerky domination of one other the other. Thankfully, it consigns itself to this room, lest Fae’s autumn grove find itself ruined, ironically. In a moment’s post-nut clarity you briefly ponder whether or not this new power would be compatible with neither autumn nor spring, but that queer land that found itself stuck within the middle, struggling to adapt.  *	*	*	*“Are you girls sure?” You look to them as Fae shows Ana how to stitch the hole you tore into your pants, the one girl evidently more experienced with textiles than the other. They are both dressed in their armour, their arms laid aside momentarily; as Ana flew back to retrieve the rest of your stuff, only to recall the malfunction. For now you sit naked and cross legged upon a chair, not that they seem to mind at all.“Of course. We’ve never seen much of the world. Why not go out to explore a little?”Fae nods to Ana’s words. “I only really stayed because I couldn’t handle the thought of Ana monopolising these woods. It’s not like I’m especially bound to this place, although… I will be sad to see it go.”“We can always return, or even settle down here. At the very least, seeing what becomes of this place after you leave would be interesting.”Ana smiles sadly. “I much think that farmer would rejoice.”You smirk. “I don’t think he’ll have much time for anything other than his new wife.”With your clothes returned and even washed, you finally gear up and prepare to leave with the girls, first order being to retrieve this silver blade from the not-so-old goat and see what it’s worth, the second to head over to the coaching inn and stay a night before setting off the next day. You look them over, oversized weapons strapped to packs half as large as they are, though travelling cloaks obscure much of their armour. They initially weren’t going to, but you don’t fancy the nuisance of having every two-bit bandit have a go, even perfectly safe and adept as these girls are.You all heft your respective luggage and make your way out of the moth’s cottage. You stand a moment in respectful silence as Fae soaks in one last look, then you turn to Ana. “How about you, do you want to visit yours one last time?”She chuckles, “Why make it sound to serious? I’ve laid my protections on the place. It doesn’t matter how long it takes us to return, it’ll be just the same.”You shrug. “I just figured you’d be more bothered. I feel like you aught to be, I mean I’ve spend the past number of years wandering, so I can’t really relate to or recall having a place of my own.”At this point Fae turns around to face you with a smile. “We’re happy to change that, once you’re ready. I can’t speak for Ana, but personally… I want to see what you’ve seen. Live the life you’ve lived.” She blushes slightly. “With you.”Ana nods. “I do feel the same. I want to see the world, witness these seasons.” She glances at Fae. “I don’t really know how it’s going to be going forwards, but if I really wanted to, I could close off a section of the house and experience eternal spring whenever I liked. A chance to get out and witness it all with you is worth far more than that.” You fight pretty hard to keep the stupid grin off your face. “Very well.” You hold your hands out. “Lets head off then, shall we?” ***The girls elected to hang back as you retrieved your reward from the old man, figuring it wasn’t prudent to bring calamity to his doorstep. It was a fine blade he bequeathed you; you know some people who know some interested buyers, so it should net you a surprising amount of coin given the scale of the job. The wife of the newlywed caught the three of you just as you were leaving though, and you chatted for a while. She had a greater read on the situation and as you’d suspected, some fundamental aspect about the girls’ nature and yours had changed, to ensure that even if they both unleashed their full, vast power the same kind of discordance wouldn’t happen again. She reported that the woods had already taken note of their absence and would soon start heeding the march of time once more. Though three pockets would forever remain, of autumn, spring and something between. She thanked you one last time for the small part you played in setting her and the old man up. She’d have overslept another – possibly the last – generation if not for you. All in all asides from it not being the primary job, it’s not an unfamiliar result. The three of you bade the fairy goodbye and set off along the road towards Hillswacce. By the time you get there the evening’s darkened enough that you wouldn’t really consider travelling anywhere without waiting out the night first. Asides from the barkeep and some Aegyrstead locals, the inn is full of new faces; although rather suspiciously, the barkeep’s wife seems to be peddling a familiar new ‘invention’ of hers. There are few takers. The barkeep looks at you and then at the two girls accompanying you, flanking you like bodyguards, their colourful forms attracting quite the eye, if their tall and wide statures didn’t. It’s probably their profile that gives them the most looks though. He shakes his head as you approach. “I take it your trouble-seeking days are over then?”You shake your head, “Nope. Just found some partners in mischief.”“Hmpf. Well then, what’ll it be?”“Food and... a private room this time.” You grin.He looks at the fistful of coin you proffer. “Tell you what, add a little extra and I’ll tell you an interesting story.” You quirk a brow but instantly hand over the coin; seldom do stories disappoint you. He grins. “Thank you kindly. Well, if you’re still seeking trouble, there’s a decently to do family a few towns over that owns their own shop. Their eldest seems fine, but rumours are all the women around him seem to find their own share of misfortune. His mother’s at her wit’s end, says she’ll never marry him off at this rate. Sound up your alley?”You exchange glances with Fae and Ana, who smile knowingly. You grin. “Sounds it.”