“Anything?” asked Nevkya.Crowlyne shook her head. “This hall is clear too.”“Are you certain that you would notice? There are illusion spells in place.”Crowlyne scoffed. “That brat can’t hold a candle to me. I EARNED my title as High Magus, mind you. If there were spells protecting this place, I would be able to sense them.”Your entourage moved to the next floor. You jostled between the guards, who were too wide to fit on the staircase with you in the middle.“Wait.” The guards rattled to a halt as Crowlyne gave her order.“This is the place. Down this hall.” She pointed.Slowly the group pressed forwards with Crowlyne and Nevkya at the front. Crowlyne stopped at a wall and frowned.“Well, she certainly isn’t a slouch.” She said.With a wave of her hand, the wall rippled and morphed into a door. The floor around it was scuffed from the moving of furniture into or out of the room.“Anon, it’s up to you now. Morala doesn’t know much in the way of combat magic, so just worry about yourself. Try talking to her, and when we get a chance, we’ll break up her circles.” Said Nevkya.You nodded. Your whole body felt heavy. What should you even say to her? Stepping forwards you listened to the noise from the other side of the door.Morala was chanting something you couldn’t understand. The air around the door seemed to crackle with energy. You took a deep breath and knocked on the door.The chanting stopped. There was a second of silence and a faint rustling before you hear Morala call out weakly.“…Anon?”“It’s me, Morala.”Morala clattered around as she approached the door.“How did you find me? Are you with other people out there?” she asked.Nevkya mouthed ‘alone’ to you.“Yeah, there are other people out here Mora.” You said.Nevkya slapped a palm over her face and Crowlyne closed her eyes.“… I see…” said Morala.“I don’t think you do, Morala. You seem to be the only one who thinks that you haven’t gone crazy.”“I am not crazy! You don’t understand! None of you do!” said Morala.“Don’t understand what? Going any length for love? I bet I could find more than a few mamono who could sympathize with you. But this isn’t about how far you went, it’s about who you hurt getting there.” You said.“They don’t matter!” said Morala.“They matter to me! And if you really care about me than you wouldn’t be hurting the people I care about!” you said.Morala began to cry. “I only wanted to protect you.”“And yet here I am being protected from YOU.” “They don’t understand you! They want to separate us!”“You want to separate me from them! You want me all to yourself!”“I want you because I care!” Morala wailed. She sobbed harder and sniffed.“I care too, Mora. That’s why I’m here. I miss you. I miss talking about things on {Earth}, or watching the sunset, talking about our days, or even playing with the fairies. But you took those things away! You took away the things that made me care about you. And you did the same to the other fairies too.”Morala was making short little wheezes.“Please, open the door, Mora. It’s over.”~~~~~~~A tear splattered onto the chalk ring that Morala was etching onto the stone floor. The last piece of the massive teletomancy spell that had taken her months of sleepless nights and arduous days to complete. It was a subtle ritual; a binding that would tether her to Anon without rending his fragile soul. Enough to keep her love safe until she could properly care for him. Safe from all the wicked monsters who wanted to tear him away from her. The last month had been a nightmarish reveal of the true loyalties of the people whom she had trusted most. Oroba, Hicera, Crowlyne… they were all in on it. Everywhere Morala looked, she saw more and more foes.She looked at the door and sniffed. Poor Anon. The innocent human had no idea what was happening. To him, it seemed as if his beloved caretaker and sub rosa lover had suddenly gone mad. No matter how many times she had tried to explain to him that it was all for his sake, his alien mind and culture were too foreign to comprehend the Machiavellian schemes in play. She finished the final glyph and threw the chalk away.“I’m sorry, Anon. I can’t do that.” Sobbed Morala.~~~~~~~~~“Morala!” You pounded on the door.“You’ll forgive me for this, Anon. You’re a kind man.”“No!” you shouted.“Stand back!” Nevkya pushed you aside and placed her hands on the door.Before the mage could blast the door in, the wooden slab was thrown off its hinges from an explosion. A ripple of energy shot out from the room. Nevkya flew back against the far wall. Other monsters staggered or twisted away. You covered your face in a vain attempt to protect yourself.The energy washed over your body. You uttered a choked scream as the spell took hold of your soul. It felt like someone had dunked you into a pool of freezing water. No matter how hard you gasped, no air seemed to fill your lungs. A searing lump in your stomach pushed its way out of your mouth. Too weak to stand, you fell to your knees as your body tried to purge the offending mana from your body.“Anon!” Oroba shouted.You gurgled out a response. The world was spinning at a nauseating pace.“Anon, stay put! We’ll-“Oroba’s voice was cut off by the outbreak of fighting. You stared at the vaulted ceiling above you. Shouts and spells filled the hallway, arcs of light spraying back and forth above your supine body. The pain was immense. Your very essence throbbed inside of your chest. A deep-seated, rhythmic pulsing that made coherent thought impossible. The sounds around you grew more distant and distorted. You let your eyes shut, the agony too great to endure.A faint warmth approached you. The spell had rendered your body cold and numb, but something was remedying your agonized state. Though the fire in your soul did not abate, you had the strange sensation that everything was going to be alright. Your heaving chest quieted as your breathing returned to a more natural tempo. Hands touched your body, spreading salubrious energy throughout your shattered being.“Anon! Anon, I’m here! That’s it, just breath! Don’t die, Anon! I need you! Just… keep breathing! I’ll get us out of here!”Morala’s voice was dim and distant. The world lurched as her hands lifted you off the cold stone floor. You rested your head against her arm. Savoring the sensation of warmth emanating from the titania, you slid into a deep sleep while your body and soul throbbed in pain.~~~~~~~Something prodded at your lips. Your head rolled to the side. Again, some cool, metal implement petitioned for entrance into your mouth. You twisted away again. Undaunted, the utensil forced its way past your lips. A dribble of warm, viscous liquid rolled down your cheek. You groaned in frustration.“Oh!”The offending metal receded from your mouth. Finally. Your tongue weakly lapped at the liquid spilling out of your mouth.“Anon! Anon, can you hear me?”A sound permeated the haze in your brain. What was that? It was faint, distant. You wanted to go back to sleep, but something deep in your mind told you that you should listen. This voice was important.“Anon! It’s me, can you hear me?”Something warm touched your cheek. Five digits, a smooth palm, an adroit wrist… What was it again? A hand, yes; it was a hand. Memories started to flood back into your mind as your brain slowly remembered what it was to exist. You were Anon. And you were in bed. Your body hurt, and someone was touching your face. Who was it? Powering through your pain and fatigue, you tried to force your weary eyelids open.“Anon!” gasped the voice.A beautiful face, wreathed in a blonde aureole, was hanging above you. This was a good face. A kind face. You knew that instinctively. Just seeing it brought you comfort. You were safe with this face here. But who was it? Her other hand cradled your face, keeping your head upright.“Thank the Gods! Anon, it’s me! Can you hear me? Are you alright?” asked the figure.All you could do was stare. Her face furrowed.“Anon, it’s me, Morala. Do you remember me?” asked the figure.Morala… That name sounded so familiar. Who was she again? She was good; you knew that much. She was as kind as she was beautiful. She helped you, things were better with her around. Weren’t they? Dark thoughts began to creep into your head. Fear, suspicion, doubt.“Are you alright, love? Are you sick? I’ll get the nurse!”The hands on your cheeks slipped away. Somehow, this left you feeling strangely empty. A groan rattled out of your chest. Morala gasped.“Anon! You CAN hear me! Hold still, don’t try to move! I’m here for you!” said Morala.Her body pressed up against yours. Your arms twitched, trying to draw her closer.“That’s it! Don’t strain yourself. Shh, I’m here.” Morala draped one of your arms over her body.“Morala…” you mumbled.“Yes! It’s me! It’s okay, just rest. How do you feel?” asked Morala.“Pain…” you rasped.Morala tensed. “Oh, I’m sorry to hear… I had hoped that by the time you woke up… Never mind. I’ll have the doctor fetch you something.”You grunted. Morala’s body was soft and warm, but the heat she radiated was almost unbearable. It made you feel nauseous.“Anon, do you feel worse with me here?” asked Morala.“No.” you mumbled.Morala breathed a sigh of relief. “Thank the Gods. Don’t worry about a thing, Anon. I’ll stay by your side as long as I must to keep you safe and happy. You’ll be feeling better in no time, I promise.”A cool breeze blew through an unseen window. It carried an enchanting floral perfume, accented by a hint of pine. You smiled. It reminded you of summer. The drone of tiny wings approached you.“Princess! Is he finally awake?”Morala hushed the fairy. “Yes, he is. Could you please examine him? He says he is in pain…”“Of course, Princess.”The hum of her wings roved up and down your body. Here and there, you could feel her probe your body with magic.“Princess, can he hear us?” asked the fairy softly.“I think so.” Said Morala.“Could I speak to you privately?” asked the fairy.Morala hesitated. “Yes, let’s talk outside.”You whimpered as Morala’s warmth departed again.“I’ll be back soon, love.” Morala kissed your forehead.You lay teetering on the brink of unconsciousness while the fairies conversed outside. Fragments of their conversation drifted in when the wind died.“… not ready to be held like that… body is still…”“You’re wrong! He can… I can sense… not hurting him!”“…a danger! You almost… it’s a miracle he’s still alive!”You didn’t like how they argued. Their debate irked you more than it should have. Surrendering to your exhaustion and pain, you rolled over and went back to sleep.~~~~~~~~Days and nights flew by you, with you oblivious to their passing. Your only indication of time was presence or absence of your faithful companion, Morala. Sometimes she was at your side, other times she was nowhere to be seen. You missed her dearly when she wasn’t there. It felt so unbearably lonely without her. Even if she was simply sitting in a rocking chair reading her book, the sound of her soft humming put your soul at ease. She was the first thing you looked for when you opened your eyes.Morala was raring to converse with you whenever possible. As soon as she saw your eyelids flutter, she would scoot closer to speak with you. Asking you how you felt, if you needed anything, making sure you were as comfortable as possible. You did your best to respond to her questions. If your body permitted, she would even ask questions about your past and your life on Earth. These queries helped you remember who you were and where you came from, and entertained her to no end. When it was clear that you had talked yourself out, she would quietly return to her chair. The soft clacking of her crochet needles became a familiar and welcome white noise in your room.The fairy doctor would come and go on a regular basis, inspecting you and delivering her report to Morala. Judging by her reports, you were on a slow path to recovery. You could now prop yourself up for brief periods of time, and even feed yourself if the plate was put in your lap. Soon enough, you would be out of this bed. If only the haze in your mind would subside…~~~~~~~~“Are you sure you’re ready, Anon?” asked Morala.“I’m ready.” You said.“You don’t have to if you aren’t ready. This isn’t a race…”“I can do it, Mora.”Slinging your legs over the edge of the bed, you tried to stand. How long had it been since you had used your legs? Months, at the very least. Morala caught your hand as you teetered. The whole world felt off kilter now that you were vertical again.“Anon, I’m so proud of you!” squealed Morala.“I’m going to take a step.” You said.Your foot slid across the carpet. Your other foot shuffled after it. Morala stared beatifically while she held you up.“You’re doing it!” she exclaimed.One more half-step was all you could muster. Your tremulous body gave out. Morala caught you before you hit the floor, dumping you back onto the bed. The doctor fairy buzzed in as if on cue.“Princess! Are you helping him walk?!” demanded the fairy.“It was his idea!” pouted Morala.“I don’t care whose idea it was! You should know better. He’s still recovering.”She flitted over to you. “Anon, I understand your desire to get out of that bed, but you have to understand how precarious your situation is. You aren’t in the right state of mind.”You grunted. Standing up had made you dizzy.The doctor sighed. “Do you even know where you are?”“Yes.” You said.“And where are we?” she asked.“Uh… bed.” You said.“This is the man you claimed was ‘ready to get back on his feet,’ Princess.” Said the doctor.“I thought seeing the kingdom might reinvigorate him.” Said Morala.“It won’t. Please, Princess. You’ll know when he’s ready to rejoin the world. For now, his mind is still muddled. He may as well be sleepwalking.” Said the doctor.“Yes, doctor.” Sighed Morala.“Don’t worry, dear. He’ll get there someday.”~~~~~~~~~You awoke with a start. Where the hell were you? Your mind was awash with strange visions and conversations. Had you been asleep? Did Morala’s spell go off? What the hell was going on? You cast your gaze around the room. Frilly decor littered the room, with an overarching woodland motif. The walls were covered in tree bark, with clusters of flowers springing forth from knots in the wood. That wasn’t good…Throwing off your sheets, you tried to look out the window. Your body tumbled to the ground after your first step. When the hell did walking get so hard?! You looked down at your body. Two spindly legs trailed behind your emaciated torso. How long had you been unconscious for? Was it magic or time that had atrophied you? Crawling towards the windowsill, you pulled yourself up.The sunlight streamed through the trees into the tiny city below. Fairies flew betwixt the branches leaves of trees lined with innumerable houses nestled in their branches. Larger houses formed meandering streets and squares, no doubt housing the male population of the city. Flowers sprang up from every available crack and garden, perfuming the air with a placid scent. You sank to the ground. It was true, wasn’t it? Morala’s spell had worked. You inspected your arms. It didn’t LOOK like you were suffering from mana poisoning. Not now, at least. Had she already done the deed with you? Pulled a sleeping beauty? Your head throbbed as all the conversations you had had slowly coalesced in your head. The door opened.“Oh!”The gasp was followed by the sound of a tray of tea falling to the ground. Morala stood wordless in the doorway. You stared at each other in silence.“A-Anon?” asked Morala.You put your hands on the window behind you and tried to stand up. Your arms wobbled.Morala hurried over to you. “Anon! Just go back to bed. How did you walk so far on your own? I-““Stay away from me!” you said, waving a frail arm at her.Morala recoiled. “W-what?”“Where the hell am I? What did you do to me?!” you demanded. “Wha- I- I don’t understand… What’s gotten into you?” Morala took step back.“The ritual, did you complete it?! What have you done?!” Your chest ached. It was hard to breathe. Pushing yourself off the window, you took a step towards you.“Anon…” whimpered Morala.“What… What did you… Where…” The world spun. You felt yourself collapsing but found yourself powerless to keep your body from flopping into the carpet.~~~~~~~~~~The growling of your stomach roused you from your slumber. You rubbed your eyes and sat up. The rattle of chains banished the remaining fatigue from your body. Manacles had been affixed to your wrists in your sleep. The chains led up the wall to two anchors on either side of the bed.“Morala!” you shouted.Your heart hammered in your chest. Was anyone coming after you? Probably not. You didn’t know for sure how long it had been since you had been abducted, but you knew that it must have been months since you were abducted from Admaz. If no one had come for you yet, you doubted they ever would. Morala burst into the room a few seconds later.“Anon! You’re awake! Please, try to relax! I don’t want you to faint again.” Said Morala.“Shut up! Why am I shackled to the wall?!” you demanded.“It was to protect you. I couldn’t have you running off. You might hurt yourself!” said Morala.“Don’t give me that pout! How long have I been here? Where are we?” you asked.“We’re in the Twilight Woods; home of the fay. I brought you here.” Said Morala. She took a seat at the foot of the bed.“Home of the fay? How did you escape Admaz?!” you said.“I had a minor teleportation spell prepared in case things went wrong. When Oroba and the others tried to take you, I warped us to safety.” Said Morala.“Safety?! You call this SAFE?!” you said, rattling your shackles at her.Morala pursed her lips. “I know you’re stressed, Anon. I know you’re frightened, and confused, and angry, but you don’t have to be scared anymore. I saved you from the others. They can’t get to you here. As soon as you understand that, I’ll let you walk around again.” Said Morala.“You’re insane!”“Insane?! I’ve done everything for you! I helped you adjust to life in our world! I protected you from monsters who would have raped you into an early grave! I fought back against the harlots who wanted to marry you off to someone you didn’t love! I broke my back forging a teletomancy spell that could keep you safe at my side! All because I care about you! Even though you gave me nothing but contempt in return! I know you love me, Anon, but you have to show it somehow!” shouted Morala.“YOU CHAINED ME TO A WALL!”Morala glowered at you. “I understand that this is frustrating. I don’t like having to do these things to you. I hate it! But you leave me no other choice. I’m going to make you some food. While I’m gone, I want you to think about what you’ve done and calm down.”Morala fluttered out of the room. You were left speechless, reclining against the pillows. She was absolutely insane! You had to know if she had completed the ritual or not. If she hadn’t, if the spell had been botched, you might be able to escape. It would be almost impossible to find your way out of the no doubt labyrinthian woods with no sense of direction or guide, but it was better than being kept prisoner by someone you hate. Well, maybe hate was too strong of a word…You shook your head. No, it wasn’t! What were you thinking?! This was your captor you were thinking about! Your unstable, jealous, psychotic, gorgeous, caring, captor!What had gotten into you?! No matter how much you tried to rationalize your hate, thoughts of Morala kept creeping into your mind. The warmth of her soft body, the lilting tune of her voice, the delicate scent of her platinum hair that lingered in the room even after she had left… Something was mollifying your ire as quickly as you could stoke it. After what felt like an hour wrestling with your own thoughts, Morala re-entered the room with a tray of food.“Are you going to behave?” she asked sternly.You grunted. No matter what your tumultuous mind may think about Morala at that given moment, your body was starving. Your dry tongue snaked out across your lips as you eyed a bowl of piping-hot soup.Morala sighed. “I suppose that’s as much as I’m going to get, isn’t it? You can be such a handful sometimes.”She set the tray down. You reached for the spoon, but she had placed the tray just shy of the limit of your chains.“Ah, just relax. I know you’re hungry. Let’s hope you stay awake permanently this time; I was worried you would waste away if you were out for much longer.”Morala picked up the spoon and scooped up some soup. She gently blew on the spoonful before offering it to you.“Seriously?” you croaked.“Yes. Now eat.” Said Morala.You were too hungry to argue with her. Opening your mouth, you allowed her to feed you the first bite of soup. A traitorous moan escaped your lips. It was creamy and filling, with the perfect amount of seasoning. You didn’t want to like it, but food had never tasted so good. Morala quickly fed you another bite.“How do you like it?” she asked.“It’s delicious.” You said.Morala giggled. “I thought you would enjoy it. I did my best to emulate the recipe you told me.”“Recipe?” you asked.Morala’s face turned melancholic. “You really don’t remember telling me? Do you remember any of our conversations since you arrived here?”“I… kind of…? It feels like it was something I said in a dream.” You said.“Oh… I see.” Morala broke off a chunk of bread and dipped it into the soup. Wiping it on the rim of the bowl, she offered the morsel to you.“I suppose I’ll have to start all over again then.” Said Morala with a weak smile.“Start over?” you asked.“We were getting along so well, Anon. Like lovers. Like we were supposed to! You and I talked for hours about anything we wanted. And you made the most darling little noises when I would cuddle up with you for a nap.” Morala said wistfully.You swallowed another bite of bread. It was impossible to tell if she was giving you a reliable account of what had transpired during your coma, or if she was projecting her own reality onto the world again.“That’s fine! We’ll start over, better than before! All those nice little conversations, with us falling deeper in love with each other every second.” Said Morala.She spooned the last bit of soup into your mouth. You had a sickening suspicion that you wouldn’t be feeding yourself for a while. Morala dabbed your face with a napkin and smiled.“There! Feeling better?” she asked.“Yes.” You begrudgingly admitted.“Good!”Morala set the tray off to the side and flopped down onto the bed next to you.“What are you doing?” you asked.“I just wanted to snuggle…” pouted Morala.You wanted to tell her to get lost. You wanted to tell her to fuck off for chaining you up like this. But that strange warmth that seemed to surround her was radiating off of her soft body. You shivered. Had it always been this cold in the room? Suddenly the blankets didn’t seem warm enough. A little cuddle couldn’t hurt, right? Just for warmth. Nothing else.“Fine.” You grumbled.You shifted from a sitting position down into a normal resting position, and Morala quickly nestled up against you. Holy hell, she felt amazing. The tension in your shoulders melted as the ephemeral, floral scent that haunted her tickled your nose. You sighed.Morala giggled. “How am I supposed to think you’re mad at me when you make sounds like that when we cuddle, hmm?~” she teased.“Shut up…” you grumbled.“Hmm~”As you shut your eyes to try and get some sleep, Morala reached around you and rolled you onto her.“Hey! What the hell are you doing?!” you said, squirming as much as your feeble body could manage.Morala stuffed your head into her doughy chest. “You loved it when I did this before!” she insisted.“I never-“ Oh fuck, this felt amazing. The rise and fall of her chest, the faint beating of her heart, her fingers running through your hair…“You never what?” asked Morala.“I- I- uh…”“Shh…” Morala squeezed you tighter.You let yourself be hugged by the titania. It felt too heavenly to resist. No wonder the Order always lost. With your gaunt body preoccupied processing the carbohydrates you had just ingested, you quickly fell asleep wrapped in Morala’s arms.~~~~~~~~A few days went by with you at Morala’s mercy. It wasn’t so bad, once you got used to it. Morala’s meals were all filling and delicious. You suspected that she might be getting them from a professional chef, or at least getting some help with the elaborate dishes she prepared, but you never brought it up. After every meal, your fairy captor would snuggle up with you to get some sleep. Sometimes you napped with her, other times you stared out the window listening to the birdsong until she woke up. You did plenty of sleeping when she wasn’t here, after all.The gnawing feeling of unease was still scratching in the back of your head, but it had been placated by Morala’s care and lack of outbursts. This new status quo of you being shackled wasn’t ideal, but it wasn’t terrible either. Not compared to what she was capable of. Morala stirred beside you. You watched the light shimmer through her translucent wings.“Hmm… Good morning, Anon.” mumbled Morala.“It’s almost noon.” You said.“Hmm~” Morala kissed your cheek.She sat up and stretched. “Do you want anything to eat? Waffles? Pancakes? An omelet?”“No, I’m not hungry.” You said.Morala frowned. “Is something wrong.”“No.”“If something is bothering you, you can tell me.” Said Morala. She put a hand on your cheek.You sighed. “Morala, please don’t take this the wrong way. This is purely out of curiosity: what exactly did you do to me?”“Do to you?” asked Morala.“The spell.”“It’s just a little something I use to cook eggs more evenly!” beamed Morala.“Morala…”Her smile remained, but there was hurt in her eyes. “Why do you want to know, Anon?”“I… I just want to know what you did to me. Did you alter my mind? Do I have all my memories? Did you put some of your own into me?” you said.Morala looked out the window. “None of that. I want you just the way you are, grumpiness and all. I’ve told you before and I’ll tell you again: I merely bound us together. When a mamono and a human… procreate, they are bound at a spiritual level. That’s what I did to us. Gently. I would say the spell I used was the equivalent of making the first stitch binding two pieces of fabric together. Thank goodness I erred on the side of caution; the spell almost killed you.”“Killed?” you said weakly.“You were unconscious for months. Not even fay healing magic could rouse you. You were wasting away before my eyes, and I couldn’t do anything to save you. Mama would have disowned me if you hadn’t woken up.” Said Morala.“Yes, that would have been tragic for you, wouldn’t it?” you said.Morala scowled at you. “I did everything I could to save you! I sat by your bed the whole time! I cried my eyes dry knowing that you were suffering. I conversed with you for hours, even if it did turn out to be sleep-talking…”“Then… I’m all me?”“Yes! And I love every inch of you!” Morala pulled you in and kissed your cheek.That was… unanticipated. Knowing that the butterflies you felt around Morala were not the side-effects of an insidious spell and instead natural adoration was troubling to you. It must be Stockholm syndrome. You gazed into Morala’s shimmering green eyes. She beamed at you.Alright, maybe it wasn’t JUST Stockholm syndrome…“Are you worried I changed you?” asked Morala.“No. Like I said, just curious.”You believed her. It wasn’t as if she had anything to gain by lying to you; you were already at her mercy.“Anon?” asked Morala.“Yes?”“If I take those chains off, will you behave?”“Yeah.”Morala pulled a small key on a chain from her cleavage. Straddling you, she undid the restraints on your wrists. You rubbed your freshly freed limbs. The shackles didn’t hurt, but it was uncomfortable to have to wear them all the time.“There! Now then, how about putting those arms to use?” Morala stretched her arms out to you and wiggled back and forth.You reciprocated the gesture. She flopped into your arms, cooing when you wrapped them around her.“You’re getting so strong! Any longer, and those chains wouldn’t have been able to hold you!” giggled Morala.“Must have been all the protein in the soup.” You said.Morala smirked. “A wife should know what her husband needs.”The word ‘wife’ made you squirm. It was still hard to imagine Morala as your spouse. The titania seemed to notice this.“Do you not like it when I say that?” she asked.“I… I don’t know. It’s not that I hate it, it just feels… strange.” You said.“That’s because we haven’t done any husband-and-wife things together yet. I know! Let’s go see the fay gardens tomorrow! Mortals always love the gardens! There are some lovely little cafes nearby, we can eat lunch there!” exclaimed Morala.“Anything to get out of this bed.” You said.“Oh, don’t be grumpy! I didn’t fall in love with someone so surly.” Morala prodded you with a finger.“Stop that.” You said, twisting away from the offending digit.“Hmph! Some cuddling will set you straight.”Morala squeezed you tighter, wrapping both her legs around you for extra grip. You grunted, now thoroughly ensnared in her constricting, full-body grip. Morala giggled, planting little kisses along your skin. You could only pray that your ‘date’ tomorrow went off without a hitch.~~~~~~~~“Isn’t this lovely, Anon?” asked Morala.“Yeah…” you mumbled.The fay gardens were nothing short of spectacular. A small footpath meandered through a collage of strange and exotic plants. Flowers of every shape, size, and color turned your vision into a kaleidoscopic wonderland as they gently swayed in the breeze. When the wind blew, a symphony of aromas tantalized your nose, each fragrance more perfect than the last. Morala stood next to what looked like a giant hybrid of a lily and an iris, arms splayed as she gestured to the wonderous flora around you.“I’ll bet they didn’t have anything like this back on {Erath}” she said smugly.“Not quite like this, no.” you said. There were some nice botanical gardens back on Earth, sure. But those were limited by biology, space, and funding. Certain plants only bloomed at different times, and every plant had to be carefully tended to in its own artificial niche.The fairies were not limited by such mundane factors. Tiny druids flew back and forth between the plants, casting spells over the leaves and blooms. It would seem that the quest to find a flower that looks good, doesn’t die, and blooms all season had long ago come to a conclusion.“Oh! Look at this one, Anon!” Morala palmed a raceme of mottled fuchsia and turquoise blooms. “These make GREAT honey!”You nodded. Your human mind was still trying to come to terms with what it was seeing. If a fairy garden was affecting you so aversely, you should probably stay out of wonderland.“This way, we’re almost at the spot!” said Morala.She had been leading you deeper and deeper into the gardens with the promise of a “special surprise.” You really hoped for both your sakes that it wasn’t sexual assault.The pathway gradually widened, yawning into a small glade. Trees provided an anchor point for the vines of flowers crossing the clearing through the sky above. Wildflowers swayed in the breeze amidst a sea of grass. The plain, green blades looked out of place amidst the backdrop of color and alien shapes. Still, the scene was strangely comforting; a necessary reprieve from the overwhelming jungle surrounding this oasis of normalcy.“Ta-da!” beamed Morala.“It’s beautiful.” You said, taking in the sight.“Isn’t it?! This is one of my favorite spots!” Morala hovered over the grass, the soles of her feet barely touching the blades below.Birds called from unseen nests and branches deeper within the forest. You followed Morala towards the center of the clearing. The vines above provided enough shade to take the edge off the glaring midday sun, but were not so obstructive that they shrouded the clearing in darkness.“Come! Sit!” Morala insisted, setting herself down in the grass.You took a seat next to her.“They should be here any minute now…” said Morala, scanning the sky.You looked around. After a few moments, a swarm of fairies appeared over the trees. They carried a blanket and a picnic basket with them.“There they are!” said Morala.“Princess!” said the fairies in unison.“Hello, girls!” said Morala.“We brought the blanket, Princess!”“And the food!”“Very good girls! Thank you so much!” said Morala.The fairies swarmed their leader in a frenzy of excitement, asking her questions and telling her about their day. A few of the more adventurous fairies circled you cautiously, sizing you up.“Off you go, little ones. Let Anon and I have some time together.” Said Morala.“Aww!”“You ALWAYS spend time with the human.”“We never see you anymore!”“We miss you, Princess!”“I know I haven’t had as much time for you as you’d all like, but Anon is a very special man. He needs extra attention.” Said Morala.“Yes, Princess.” Said the fairies despondently.“I’ll come dance with you all tonight, I promise.” Said Morala.The fairies cheered.“We’ll see you tonight, Princess!”The swarm of fairies flew into the sky.“Don’t worry, Anon. They’ll warm up to you. I’ll make sure of it.” Said Morala.That sounded… vaguely threatening. Morala threw open the blanket and began to unpack the picnic basket on top of it.“Doesn’t it look good? I had one of the cafes make it especially for us!” said Morala.Sandwiches, hors d’oeuvres, pastries, and what looked like a couple of potpies were spread out across the blanket.“Oh! My favorite!” said Morala, pulling out a bottle of wine.“Oh boy.” You mumbled.“What?”“Nothing.” You said quickly.Morala pouted. “I heard that! What’s the matter? Do you not like alcohol?”“I do.”“Then what’s the problem?”You didn’t want to offend Morala, but you were one-hundred percent certain that she was an absolute featherweight when it came to drinking. To her credit, you had no experience to substantiate this notion; it was just a feeling of impending inebriation.“Are you sure you can handle that?” you asked, watching Morala’s tiny hands try to affix a corkscrew into the top of the bottle.“Of course! I love wine!” said Morala.“That’s what I was afraid of.” You said.Morala scowled at you and huffed. Gritting her teeth, she tried to dislodge the cork. You watched bemusedly as her face turned red from the exertion. After a few tugs and twists, she glared at the bottle. She gazed meekly at you, offering the bottle. You sighed. Taking it out of her hands, you gave the screw a tug. Nothing.“Not so easy, is it?” smirked Morala.“Shut up. I got it.” You said. Using a pinch of magic, you wrenched the cork out of the bottle. A bit of wine sloshed out of the bottle.“Oh!” Morala managed to catch the trickle with a napkin before it ruined the blanket.“If I give this to you, do you promise to eat before you start drinking?” you said.“Hmph! I don’t know what kind of a drunk you take me for, Anon. I can handle a few sips of alcohol.” Said Morala.“I’m worried about what happens AFTER a few sips.” You said, handing her the bottle.“You worry too much! Here,” she poured a glass and handed it to you “to your health!”Morala poured herself a glass and toasted with you. You took a sip.“Hmm.” You said, licking your lips. Better than anything you had ever tasted on Earth. These fairies sure knew how to brew. You had to be careful; with wine this good, it would be easy to-You glanced up from your glass just in time to see the last rivulet of wine vanish down Morala’s throat. She sighed contentedly, shaking her blonde hair free of its braids.“Morala…” you said, watching her pour another glass.“It’s MORA. You never call me ‘Mora’ anymore.” Pouted Morala.“At least eat something before you finish that one, okay, Mora?”She giggled. “Alright, Anon. It’s funny to have you looking out for me for once.”You took a cracker and spread some cheese over it. Delicious. But what did fairies milk to get this cheese, you wondered? Morala grabbed a sandwich and took a bite.“Anon, did they have alcohol in your world?” asked Morala.“Oh yeah.” You chuckled.“Did you ever drink?”“Yep.”“Are you sure? You don’t seem to like it that much.” Said Morala.“I enjoyed drinking.”“What kinds of alcohol did you have?” asked Morala.“Tons. More kinds than I could ever count.” You said.“Wow…” Morala took another “sip” of wine. “Did you ever get drunk?”“Yes.”Morala stretched out over the blanket, resting on her stomach. Her feet kicked back and forth behind her. “Did you ever get in trouble?~”You chuckled. “A few times.”“Tell me!” said Morala.“Well, one time when I was a bit younger…”~~~~~~~~~~“…But I was too drunk to say anything, so they just drove off with me still in the back seat!” you slurred.Morala snorted and wheezed. You took another swig from the bottle. To your displeasure, nothing came out as your wavering hand tilted the bottle upward.“Are we out of wine?” asked Morala. She was lying on her back, shimmering hair splayed out around her over the blanket. God she was gorgeous.“Yeah.” You said, setting the bottle down.“Aww…”You drunkenly stuffed another bite of food into your mouth. You may not have any idea what it was, but it was delicious.“The food is pretty good, huh?” hiccupped Morala.“Mm-hmm.” You grunted through a mouthful of food.“But it isn’t better than mine, right?”You thought for a moment. This stuff was top notch. Morala made a mean soup, but those sandwiches were-“Hey!” Morala smacked your leg. “You’re supposed to say yes!”“Yeah. They’re better.” You said quickly.Morala wheezed. “No! You’re supposed to like MY cooking more!”“Thas what I said.” You grumbled.A firefly drifted into view. You watched it disappear, only to re-luminate a few feet away.“Oh!” Morala sat up. “I forgot! I have to go see the fairies! Come on!”Morala quickly threw everything into the picnic basket. Taking you by the hand, she began leading you away.“Shouldn’t we take that?” you asked.“The grove tenders will get to it.” Assured Morala.“Hmm.” You were too drunk to care.Morala dragged you through more of the enchanting garden. The vibrancy of the flower colors was muted in the dying light. Not that you were paying attention to the flowers; Morala was flying almost as fast as you could stagger in her drunken stupor. After a few minutes, you both arrived at another clearing.This clearing was a simple field of short grass, swarming with fairies as they danced and flew around a fire in the center. Tables of food and drinks were set up at seemingly random locations.“Girls!~ I’m here!~” called Morala.The fairies’ shrill scream felt like it was going to rupture your eardrums. They swarmed around their Princess, each vying for her attention.You quickly let go of Morala’s hand and tried to distance yourself from the racket. As your hand slipped out of hers, Morala’s grip tightened. She yanked you back, pulling you in for a kiss before shoving you away. The fairies whooped and cheered.“Get him, Princess!”“Yeah, fuck him!”“Jump him! Right here!”“Girls, please, later!” laughed Morala.You quickly fled, eager to excuse yourself from the calls for your rape.Now what? You were in a field of fairies you didn’t know with nothing to do. Oh well. There was always drinking. You wandered over to a punch bowl with fairies sitting around the rim. They were singing and swaying back and forth, kicking the purple liquid with their tiny feet. Looks like the place.“Excuse me, girls.” You said.The drunken fairies screamed as your gargantuan hand reached in to scoop a glass of punch. Some of them flew off the bowl to contest you, kicking and punching your arm.“Ow! Hey!” you said.“Get out of here!”“Yeah, who are you, huh?”“We don’t know you!”“I’m with Mora!” you protested.That shut them up.“With… Mora?”“The Princess?”“Is this the guy?”“He must be, look at him!”The accosting fairies quickly settled down and returned to the punch bowl. Other more inquisitive fairies took their place.“Wow! You’re so big!”“Is it true that you came from another dimension?”“Have you thanked Morala for saving your life?”“Is Mora pregnant yet?”You stifled a spit take. All you wanted to do was drink…“Girls, please. Leave the poor man alone. He’s been through a lot.” Said a rather sultry sounding fairy behind you.The other fairies gasped. “Yes, Highness.”Finally. Wait, Highness?You whirled around as gracefully as you could with half a bottle of wine in you. A titania was standing with a man at her side. Even a drunk like yourself could tell they were royalty.“Hello, Anonymous. How are you?” asked the titania.“I- uh- I- W-well, uh-“ you sputtered.“Enjoying the punch?” giggled the titania.“Y-yes. Very much, your Majesty.” You said. Oh fuck, what should you do? Should you kiss her hand? Bow? Offer her a drink?“No need to fret, Anonymous. It’s a pleasure to finally meet you. Morala has told us so much about you.” Said the titania.“Huh?” you said.“I am Morala’s mother, Gwendolena.” Said the titania.“Mother?” you said dumbly.“Yes. And this is my husband, Cei!” said Gwendolena, clutching the man’s arm.“A pleasure.” He said dryly. Not the first impression you wanted to make…“You’re a lucky man, Anonymous! To think you would have died if Morala hadn’t found you!” said Gwendolena.“What?” you asked.“Oh! Did she not tell you? The affliction you were suffering from would have killed you if Morala hadn’t intervened. She was able to get you away from Admaz just in time; any longer, and the mamono there would have accidentally killed you.”“What?” you said again.“Nothing to worry about now, Anonymous. You’re safe here. We permit you to stay as long as you’d like.” Said the queen.“Did… did Morala tell you all that?” you said.“She was very thorough with her explanation of your circumstances. That your mana did not resonate properly with the monster world, and only her essence could keep you alive. It must be fate that brought you two together!” said Gwendolena.You gulped. Fate was one word for it…“How exciting! A human from another dimension! Ah, but it must be hard for you to adapt, no?” said Gwendolena.“I get by.” You said, doing your best to stay calm.“So noble! Eros smiles upon Morala, to find such a driven man!” said the queen.Cei cleared his throat.“Oh!” said the queen, covering her mouth. “I suppose I shouldn’t be thanking Eros just yet. Forgive me, Anonymous. I get a tad garrulous when I’m hungry. Dear, shall we go find some food?” she asked the man next to her.“I think that would be wise.” He said.“Enjoy the festivities, Anonymous! I’m sure we’ll talk again soon!”The couple wandered off. You stood there with punch in hand, your drunken mind trying to process what had been said.“How’s the punch?”Morala’s question made you jump. She scooped a mug into the punch and took a sip.“Mm… Just the way I like it.” Said Morala, licking her lips.“Don’t drink too much this time, Princess!” jeered one of the fairies.“Too late, she’s already had a sip.”The fairies around you laughed. Morala blushed.“Hmph! I don’t see why I should come to your parties if you’re just going to bully me.” Said Morala.“If you’re going to get drunk, are you going to start singing?” asked another fairy.“Yeah! Sing!”“Girls! I’m not going to sing. It’s embarrassing…” blushed Morala.“That’s never stopped you before!”“Maybe later.” Said Morala, taking another drink.Yep. You were going to hear her sing.~~~~~~~~“Aaaaaaannnnoooonnnn!”Morala flopped into your arms.“I missed you!” giggled Morala.“You said that five minutes ago.” You said.“I did? Well, it’s true!” Morala swung back and forth.You yawned. Saying it was getting late would be an understatement; it was getting early.“Are you sleepy?” asked Morala.“A little.”“Then less go to bed!” slurred Morala.“I think that’s a good idea.”You waited for Morala to move. She hummed to herself, trying to keep her balance in your arms.“Morala?”“Mora!” huffed Morala.“Mora, how do we get back home?” you sighed.“Oh! It’s uh… that way!” she said, her arm sweeping in a wide arc.“Uh… right. Lead on.” You said.“… Carry me.” Whispered Morala.“What?”“Carry meeeeee!” whined Morala, throwing her head back and hanging from your shoulders.“Fine.”You drunkenly tried to wrangle the massive fairy into your arms. The task was made more onerous by Morala’s drunken squirming. She kept trying to slip through or out of your arms to kiss you, nearly taking both of you to the ground as she did. Her flapping wings didn’t help either. The frail membranes battered your face whenever you tried to roll her over. Eventually, you managed to wrap her up tight enough to carry.“Ok… which way…” you panted.“That way!” laughed Morala.“That way it is…” you sighed.The fairies around you whooped and hollered as you carried your tipsy titania away.~~~~~~~~“Morala, which-““Mora!”“…Mora, which room is yours?” you asked.“Yours!” she said.“Yes, yours. Which is it?”“Huh?” Morala gave you a befuddled smile.Of course. Whatever, you were too drunk to care.“Can you get the door?” you asked, standing in front of your door.Morala fumbled with the handle for a few moments before finally managing to twist the knob far enough. You almost spilled Morala out of your aching arms as you staggered into the room.“Bed.” Mumbled Morala.“We’re going to bed.” You assured.You unceremoniously dumped Morala onto the bed.“Hey!” she whined.“Go to sleep.” You said, laying down next to her.“I can’t sleep without you!” Morala tried to kiss you. Her mouth mashed against your jaw.“And I can’t sleep with you. Just cuddle with me and get some rest. You’re going to have a rough morning.” You said, shoving her away.“Aww… My husband is so mean…” whimpered Morala.“I’m not-“ you cut yourself off.“Not what?”You gulped. Morala’s voice was less jovial. That had been enough to sober her up.“Not what, Anon?” asked Morala.“We aren’t married.” You said.“Yes, we are.”You looked over at Morala. She stared back at you with a disturbingly placid look.“We love each other. That’s why I saved you. That’s why I brough you to the Twilight Woods. Even if we haven’t been formally wed yet, I’m your wife and you’re my husband. We belong to each other, Anon.” She crawled on top of you, pinning your shoulders to the bed. Her hair cascaded around your face as she leaned in to kiss you. “And I’ll do ANYTHING to keep you happy. To keep US happy. All I ask is that you show your wife a little love, okay? We’re in this together from now on.”Morala collapsed on top of you with a hefty sigh. She didn’t say anything. You waited for a molesting that never came.“Mora?”Morala belched and rolled over. Soft snoring began to rumble out of her plush chest.“What am I going to do with you?” you sighed, running your fingers through her hair.~~~~~~~~~“Anooooonnnnn…” moaned Morala.“Stop whining and drink.” You said, handing your hungover suitor a glass of water.“Uhhhh…” Morala nursed a sip from the glass. She winced. “Bright…”You shut the curtains.“Breakfast.” Grumbled Morala.“Fine. Where’s the kitchen?” you sighed.“No! The Springing Daisy.” Said Morala.“The what?”“Springing Daisy!”“Okay! Fine! I’ll go find some daisies!” you said.Ignoring Morala’s faint moans for bacon, you shut the door and sallied forth into the hallway.Where the hell were you? You had only left your room once before. And then you had had Morala to guide you. The drunken stumble you had made back to the room last night certainly didn’t help you orient yourself either. Picking a random direction, you wandered off.~~~~~~~~“Uh, excuse me?” you asked a fairy.The fairy stopped dusting the vase she was hovering over. Her duster was nearly as big as she was…“Oh! Prince! Can I help you?” asked the fairy.“I’m not- Never mind. I’m trying to get breakfast for Morala. She says she wants some kind of daisy.”“Daisy? For breakfast?” asked the fairy.You shrugged. The fairy’s brow furrowed.“Oh! Did she say the Springing Daisy?” asked the fairy.“Yeah, that’s it.” You said.“It’s a café in town. One of the Princess’s favorites.” Said the fairy.“In town?”“Yep!”“…Where in town?”“Just a few minutes’ walk down the way.” Said the fairy.“Is there a sign?”“Yes, it’s a daisy!”Shouldn’t be too hard to find.“Thanks.” You said.“Of course, Prince!”The fairy returned to her dusting duties. You wandered off to go find the café. Surely navigating a fairy town couldn’t be THAT hard.~~~~~~~Or so you had thought. As it turns out, trying to find your way around a town built to spec for twenty-centimeter-tall fairies was a bit difficult for a human. You figured as long as you looked for the sign with the flower on it, you would be fine. But fairies were not a creative lot. Every sign you could see had some sort of botanical naming scheme. It was a lovely little town, but it was impossible to tell where anything was. You had to hunch over at the waist just to read the little signs.Fairies gave you a wide berth. They all chattered excitedly amongst themselves as you passed by. Which meant they got an eyeful; you had to move at a snail’s pace to make sure not to squish any fairies. Many took to the sky to orbit you in a strange halo of tiny women. Maybe they knew were the café was.“Um, excuse me?” you offered.The fairies scattered.“Sorry, Prince!“We didn’t mean to get in your way!”“We’re be leaving! Don’t tell Mora!”“No! Wait, I need to know where the Daisy café is!” you pleaded.One of the fairies wheeled back towards you.“The Springing Daisy?” she asked.“Yes! That one.”“You’re in the wrong part of town, Prince. You need to go to Big Town, up the road.” Said the fairy.“Big Town? Alright, got it.” You said. The fairy flew away. Big Town, huh? What would that look like?After a few minutes of walking, you found out. The clusters of tiny, fairy shops and homes gave way to a street of human sized dwellings and shops. Oh, BIG Town…Humans and other species of monsters roamed the streets here. Most men were accompanied by their spouse, fairy or otherwise. The area around the palace must be where the bachelorettes lived. Now where was that café… A sign with a bright white flower and a yellow floral disc caught your eye. That’s the one! You made your way inside. The café was packed with patrons of varying shapes and sizes. Fairies flitted back and forth, carrying trays of food and drink with magic. The whole shop was filled with the heavy scent of tealeaves and pastries. It smelled heavenly; no wonder Morala enjoyed their food.“Table for one?”You turned to see a fairy hovering next to you with a menu in her hand.“I’m here to place a to-go order, actually.” You said.“Oh! Of course, what can we make for you?” asked the fairy, pulling out a pad of paper.“… Can I see that menu?” you asked.“Certainly.”The menu was only slightly bigger than a checkbook. You squinted as you read the mercifully large text.“I’ll have a… woodland omelet. And…”Shit, what did Morala want? You hadn’t bothered to ask her when you left. And you didn’t know enough about her tastes to guess what she would normally get.”“Some bacon… and… Say, do you know what the Princess usually gets when she comes in here?” you asked.The fairy stiffened. “Are you picking up an order for…”You nodded.“Is she hungover?”You nodded.“That’s all I need to know. I’ll put in the ticket right away. Please, take a seat. I’ll bring you some tea while you wait.” Said the fairy.You followed her to one of the few vacant seats. Ideally, it would have been tucked away in the corner a bit more, but it would have to do. You were used to being viewed as an oddity in the monster realms, even if it did make you uncomfortable at times.“Here you are!” said the fairy, hovering over a teacup.“Thank you.” You said.The fairy fidgeted.“Is something the matter?” you asked.“It may be impertinent of me to ask, but are you the new Prince?” asked the fairy quietly.You sighed. “I’m not sure.”The fairy cocked her head. “Not sure? How could you be unsure?”“It’s complicated.” You said, taking a sip of tea. Hot damn, that was delicious.“But you ARE the one Morala has mentioned, yes? Her love?” insisted the fairy.“That I am.” You said. No denying that.The fairy wiggled with excitement. “I knew it! Oh, how exciting! To have the new Prince in my café!”“Not so loud…” you murmured.The fairy clapped her hands over her mouth. “I’m sorry! I didn’t know you were shy…”“I am NOT shy. I just… I don’t consider myself a prince, that’s all.” You said.“A man of the people. How noble!” remarked the fairy.“Something like that…”“Well, it is an honor no matter what you consider yourself. Please, if you need anything at all, let me know.” The fairy did a little curtsey in the air and flew back towards the kitchen.You sipped your tea, watching the people bustle about in the street outside.~~~~~~~“Here you are, Prince!” said the fairy. She handed you a basket of food.“Please, call me Anon.” you said.“Yes, Anon.”You still didn’t like how formal that sounded.“Give the Princess my regards!”“I certainly will.” You said.Waving goodbye, you set off to find your hungover titania.~~~~~~~~Finding your way back quickly turned into a frustrating ordeal. You could see the palace, but you couldn’t remember how to navigate the streets. Conflicting directions quickly sent you into a labyrinth of “shortcuts” and “fastest routes.”“Turn left, she said. Why do I ask creatures that can fly for directions on the ground?” you muttered.“ANON!”Morala’s voice made every head on the street turn.“ANON! Where are you!?” shouted Morala.What the hell was she doing out here? Morala rocketed over you. She must have seen you, quickly wheeling around and slamming into the cobblestone in front of you. She grabbed you by the shoulders.“Where have you been?!” she demanded, a strand of golden hair flopping down in front of her face.“A-at the café! Like you told me to!” you said. You hefted the basket in your hands.Morala looked at the basket, then back to you. She winced.“Café? Me? I didn’t… Ow…” Morala released you and clutched her head.“You told me to go to the Springing Daisy.” You elaborated.“The Springing Daisy? Uh, yeah, that sounds like what I need right now. Some bacon…” Morala perked up when she realized what the basket you were holding contained. “Then it’s already made?”“I was on my way back. I got a little lost…”“You shouldn’t have left me, Anon. It’s not safe to go out on your own.” Scolded Morala.“I can go to a café by myself.” You retorted.Morala opened her mouth as if she wanted to say more, but the crowd that had gathered dissuaded her from berating you further.“I’m sorry, I was just worried about you, love. Let’s go back to the palace, and we can enjoy this meal together, hmm?” smiled Morala.“Yeah… sure.” “Such a kind husband! Here, how about I fly us home?” said Morala, putting extra emphasis on the word husband. Whispers circulated through the crowd.“I can walk.” You said.“Oh no, I insist! It would be much faster.” Said Morala.“You’re hungover. I wouldn’t want to burden my loving wife by making her carry me in such a state.” You said.Morala’s eyes darkened. “Get in my arms, husband.” She said, more of a hiss than a suggestion.You knew when you were licked. Acquiescing Morala’s demands, you got into a comfortable position. Her wings buzzed behind her, lifting you both off the ground. You were impressed Morala could fly at all in her current state. Maybe the adrenaline of waking up without you in the bed was still coursing through her.~~~~~~~“Ah… That was delicious.” Said Morala, dabbing her face with a napkin.“Yeah.” You stifled a burp. That fairy knew how to cook, that was for sure. Too bad you didn’t know when to stop; that last piece of bacon wasn’t sitting right…“You know Anon, your little escapade today got me thinking…” said Morala, licking her fingers.“Oh?”“I never introduced you to our subjects! You’ve been cooped up in here so long that your first interaction with the public was a solicitation for directions!” said Morala.“You sent me out…”“I most certainly did not! You should have asked one of the fairies to get the food for you!” said Morala.“I can walk to the store, Morala.”Morala pouted. “I know Anon, but… please be careful, alright? I don’t want to lose you.”“I know.” You sighed.Morala clasped your hand. “You’ll love living here, I promise. Until then, please just be patient.”“Morala…”“Mora!”No getting out of this one. Morala smiled in spite of your noncommitment.“As I was saying, why don’t we go out and do a meet-and-greet! It’s the perfect way to show you around! I’m sure everyone will be excited to see their new prince!” said Morala.“We aren’t married.” You said.“Only as a technicality. We already belong to each other, don’t we?” Morala’s grip tightened on your hand.“Yeah…”“Good! I’ll talk to some of my girls. I’m sure they can put together something lovely!”Morala placed your hand on her cheek, nuzzling your palm. What were you going to do with this titania?~~~~~~~~No matter what your current circumstances, it never ceased to amaze you how beautiful the night sky was in this world. Unmarred by millions of incandescent lights, you were regaled by the sight of thousands of nebulae and stars swirling above you. Standing on the balcony and watching the stars had become a daily affair for you.“What’cha doin?” Morala appeared behind you, wrapping her arms around you. The warmth was a welcome reprieve from the faint chill of the night.“Nothing. Just admiring the scenery.” You said.“Hmm…”She rested her head on your shoulder. Her long ears tickled your own.“Anon, are you happy?”You snorted. “What kind of question is that?”“A serious one!” chided Morala “I feel like you’ve changed since you woke up.”“Gee, I wonder why…” you said.“Anon, please. I want you to be happy! I miss seeing you smile. You’re so distant these days… If something is wrong, you can tell me.”You twisted around to look at her. Her eyes shimmered in the starlight. This was what frustrated you most about Morala; she fluctuated between a peremptory tyrant who was devastated you went to a café on your own, to an innocent maiden who just wanted to be better acquainted with the man she loved.“Morala, I need you to be honest with yourself and reassess what has happened since I arrived in Admaz. You KIDNAPPED me. You shackled my soul to yours in a jealous rage. I almost DIED because you couldn’t bear the thought of me falling in love with someone else. And now you go around telling everyone that you SAVED me; that I owe you my life because you decided to help me for purely altruistic reasons. You’re lying to them, Morala. And to yourself. It wasn’t kindness or fear for my wellbeing that drove you to take me, it was greed.” You said.Morala’s eyes flitted through a range of emotions. Anger, frustration, sadness, skepticism and shame.“I really do love you, Anon…” said Morala softly.“Why can’t you understand that your love doesn’t matter?! I never doubted your love! Your commitment isn’t being impugned! It’s how you showed it!” you shouted.Morala shrank back. “Anon, please don’t be mad… I had to-““You didn’t HAVE to do anything! You’ve deluded yourself into thinking that you’re my savior! You didn’t SAVE anything, Morala. It wasn’t fate that brought us together, YOU did. WITHOUT my consent.”Morala began to tear up. “I just wanted to keep you safe.”“Is that why you almost killed me? Took me away from all my friends? From the other monsters who were trying to help me survive and settle in this world?”“They don’t know you like I do! They don’t know what you like, what you need! They were going to throw you to another monster to test your compatibility! You were an experiment, Anon! I couldn’t let them do that to you!” said Morala.You blinked. “What?”“Oroba was planning on having you marry some powerful monster to produce a powerful daughter! You would have been paired with a total stranger or auctioned off to the highest bidder!” said Morala.“That’s insane! Oroba would never do that!” you said.“She would!” Morala stamped her tiny foot “You think I did all these things out of greed and jealousy, but you’re wrong! You think I enjoyed casting these rituals? Intimidating my friends and worrying myself sick over your future night and day? I hated it! I hated every second of it! I know what I did was awful, Anon! Seeing you this angry breaks my heart! I love you so much, and knowing the man I love hates me for it is slowly killing me!”You glowered at her. As much as you would like to believe that she was lying, her outburst seemed sincere. There must be more to this than you thought…“And on what grounds are you making these accusations, hmm? Was it the Demon Lord herself who whispered in your ear? Was it a voice in your head?” you asked.“It was-!” Morala rubbed her arm “It was a pixie: Hyluciele. She told me everything.”“Everything? You mean that ONE pixie told you that I was going to be auctioned off or ‘paired’ with a powerful monster? That I was going to be taken away from you?”“I- I- I had to do something!” pleaded Morala.You leaned back against the balcony. That explained it all…“And where is this pixie now?” you asked.“Admaz, I think. I haven’t seen her since, you know…”Maybe Morala really DID believe that what she had done was warranted. A pixie was the perfect monster to exploit her dread and anxieties. All she had to do was justify Morala’s preconceived fears about you being taken away from her.“Anon, please! I know you’re angry! I know you hate me! I know I don’t deserve it, but please give me a chance! I promise I can make you happy! I’ll court you just like a human would! I’ll give you all the space you need! We can get to know each other as much as you’d like! Just… don’t leave me…” Morala began to cry into her hands.You balked. Though you still considered Morala’s binding ritual to be unconscionable, it wasn’t quite the ignominious act of greed that you thought it had been. She was led astray by some perfidious pixie. Any monster would be terrified at the prospect of losing their man. And you weren’t exactly blameless in this whole mess either. You should have cut Morala off before she became too invested in you or told Oroba when she did. If you hadn’t been so spineless, this wouldn’t have happened. Either way, Morala was not the malevolent yandere you had originally thought her to be. Crazy nonetheless, but not quite so evil. You sighed.“What a mess…” you muttered.Morala sniffled. Knowing you would probably regret it later, you gently rubbed her back. She looked up at you. Through all the shame and despair clouding her eyes, you saw a shimmer of hope. You shouldn’t promise her anything; even tacitly. But you couldn’t say no. You couldn’t let her suffer like this. You cared about Morala; even in spite of everything she had done. She was the first real friend you had ever made in this world. And you didn’t want to lose her. Therein lay the conundrum: you couldn’t stay with Morala and remain simple friends. Either you take the plunge and reciprocate her love, or you leave her forever. Hell, leaving might not be an option anymore. Who knows how thorough that spell was? You had been holding onto some faint hope that there might be a magician somewhere who could reverse it, but did you really want it reversed?“Anon?” sniffed Morala.You hugged her. “Shh… Look, this whole thing is a mess; neither one of us can deny that. Let’s just… try to sort it out. I care about you, Morala; I really do. As much as I hate what you did to me, I don’t want to lose you.”Morala’s breath hitched. “Then-?““Don’t get hasty. I’ll give you a chance. But you’re on a short leash, got it? No more shackles, no more stalking, no more panicking when I decide to do something mundane on my own.” you said.“Yes! Oh Anon, I promise I’ll make you the happiest man in the world! I love you so much!” She squeezed you hard enough to force some air out of your lungs.“Mora…” you wheezed.Morala gasped. “I’m so sorry Anon! Did I hurt you?”“No. Just… be careful, alright?” you sighed.Morala nodded. She buried her head in your chest, her wings fluttering behind her. They had an enchantingly cosmic look to them, twinkling in the starlight. A breeze blew across the balcony. You held Morala a bit closer, savoring the warmth she provided.~~~~~~~~Something nudged you awake. You grunted. It was too early for this shit. Rolling over, you tried to go back to sleep. Again, something battered the back of your leg. You sighed in disgust and opened your eyes. The sun was hardly above the horizon. You looked over at the other half of the bed.Morala was mewling in her sleep, flailing her arms and legs. Her tiny feet were lashing out, knocking against your body. Reaching over, you slipped one of your hands into hers. Her fingers instinctively latched onto your index finger. Slowly, Morala’s fretful face eased back into a more peaceful mien. God she was beautiful.You accepted the fact that Morala needed your finger more than you did at the moment. Laying back onto the pillows, you took a moment to consider your circumstances. This was every man’s dream, wasn’t it? To have a beautiful woman who loved you? A princess, no less. If someone even half as beautiful as Morala had taken interest with you on Earth, you would have married her on the spot. Sure, you would have liked to see more of the world, meet a few more races, see what this realm REALLY had to offer, but was this really so bad? It certainly wasn’t settling.You looked over at Morala. A tress of her platinum hair was draped across her face, swaying back and forth as she breathed. Your lecherous eyes wandered down her body. A nice bust, an irresistibly soft body, and a pair of shapely hips supporting a perky butt. Not settling indeed…By now, you were absolutely certain that you were at least mildly incubized. Some days you found yourself staring at Morala for several minutes before you were able to snap yourself out of the trance. It was getting harder and harder to resist her. Your dick throbbed in your boxers. That salacious body of hers was getting too alluring to resist…Morala awoke, as if sensing your prurient thoughts. She stretched her arms, taking your finger with her.“Good morning, Anon.” she mumbled.“Sleep well?” you asked.“No.” she said groggily.“Bad dream?”She nodded. “You were trying to leave me.”“Did I escape?” you asked.“No. You came back.” Said Morala.“Doesn’t sound like a bad dream to me.” You said.“Hmm…”Morala realized what she was holding on to and relinquished your finger. You patted her head. She cooed and nuzzled into your palm.“I was thinking that I could introduce you to the other fairies today.” Said Morala, rolling onto her stomach.“Sure. I can’t stay cooped up in here forever. They’re going to start coming up with weird rumors about me.”“And I would put those rumors to rest. But… there is one thing that we need to decide on. I hear tell that you don’t like being referred to as “Prince.” Is that because you don’t like the formality, or…” Morala’s voice trailed off.You bit your lip. “A little of both. We’re on better terms than we were when I made that statement. But I still don’t feel very princely. I don’t even know what a fairy prince is supposed to do…”Morala nodded solemnly. “I understand. I won’t force you to hold my hand or kiss me at the festival if you don’t want to.”“We’ll see.” You said.Morala blushed. She buried her face in her pillow as her feet kicked back and forth behind her. You don’t know how much more of this your heart could take…“Oh!” exclaimed Morala, popping out of the pillow “And don’t worry about being a prince. It’s easy!”“Being a prince is easy?”“Yeah! All you have to do is protect the fairies and play with them.” Said Morala.A lump formed in your throat. “Protect them? Protect them from what?”“You know, splinters, mean birds, stale food, deep puddles, that kind of thing.” Said Morala.You breathed a sigh of relief. So you wouldn’t have to fend off a crusade, only play a glorified babysitter.“I guess I can do that.” You said.“I know you can! You’re so diligent!”Morala sat up and kissed you on the cheek.“Oh, sorry! I forgot that-““It’s fine.” You said. You could feel your cheeks flushing. Damn this cute titania…You didn’t look back, but you could sense that Morala had an insufferably smug grin on her face. “Then it’s settled! I’ll go tell the other fairies, and we can introduce you this evening!”“This evening? Isn’t that a little fast? Will anyone even show up on such short notice?” you asked.“Fairies will! Word travels fast when there’s fun to be had.” giggled Morala.You smirked. “Alright. Tonight it is then.”~~~~~~~~~~Word did indeed travel fast in the Twilight Woods. The festivities entailed all the chaos of a county fair, but now with a vertical axis to consider. Stalls and stands lined the boughs of the trees while swarms of fairies nearly blotted out the evening sun. The excitement was palpable. Wherever you went there was always a small pocket of fairies surrounding you trying to get a closer look at their new prince. Some were awed, some were skittish, and some ambivalent. Looks like you would have to prove yourself a little before the more skeptical fairies were won over.Naturally, Morala was your escort for the festivities. She led you around by the hand, greeting countless fairies by name and introducing you. You did your best to give them a good greeting and answer what you could from the deluge of questions they asked, but you were overwhelmed. If it weren’t for Morala hurrying things along, you would have never made it off the palace steps.“Isn’t this fun, Anon?” asked Morala.“It’s certainly something. Reminds me of carnivals back home.” You said.“How fun! Maybe we can recreate some of the things from your world at the next festival!” said Morala.Wading through the morass of tiny bodies, you and Morala finally reached raised platform with a long table. Two regal chairs sat on one side, overlooking the throngs of fairies and their husbands.You scooted out Morala’s chair for her and took your own. A handful of fairies made catcalls and jeers from the peanut gallery.“Hello everyone!” called Morala.The fairies went wild. A chorus of cheers erupted from the crowd.“Thank you all for coming! I’m so pleased to see so many of you here to help welcome Anonymous into our kingdom.” Continued Morala.The audience clapped. You gave your best smile and wave. What the hell should you be doing right now?“I know many of you are curious about Anon, but I ask that you please be respectful and not harry him with too many questions. He’s still adapting to our world, after all!” said Morala.The titania turned to you. “Can you do a small speech?” she whispered.“Now? Uh… I’ll try.” You said.“And now, Anon will introduce himself!” said Morala.You stood up. Should you sit for this? Too late now, you were already standing. Oh shit, what were you going to say?“Um… It’s nice to meet you all. My name is Anon. You have a beautiful kingdom here, and I’m humbled to be a part of it. I’ll do my best to help it prosper.” You said.The fairies clapped. You sat back down into your seat. Simple enough.“Anonymous is also a skilled magician! I’m certain that in time, his magic will be indispensable to us all. You can rest easy knowing that he is watching over the Twilight Woods.” Said Morala.The fairies oohed.“Do some magic!”“I want to see a trick!”“Can you summon cake?”“Cake!”“Everyone, please settle down! Anon is still learning, remember?” Morala pleaded.The fairies settled down, as much as one could expect from the fay. You really hoped that these girls didn’t treat you like a birthday magician for the rest of your life…“Now then, without further ado, let’s celebrate!” cried Morala. You mean they weren’t celebrating before?Fairies buzzed over to your table carrying covered dishes. The crowd below began to devolve into a feeding frenzy as fairies swarmed the food stalls.“Dig in, Anon! I asked the cooks to try their hands at some {Earth} dishes, I hope you enjoy them!” said Morala.You spied what looked like brisket under one of the lifted cloches.“Could you pass me that one?” you asked Morala.“Certainly! This is one of those slow-cooked cuts, isn’t it?” said Morala, handing you the tray.“Yeah. One of the best.” You said.It looked heavenly. A nice pink color on the meat, juicy, tender, and an impeccable bark to seal it all together. Your mouth was watering already.“I hope you like this, Prince. I mean, Anon!” said the chef.“Thank you. It looks perfect.” You assured her.“I’ll try some of that as well.” Quipped Morala.You carved her a slice. The meat practically melted under the knife. Yep, forget the rest of the world; you were living here forever.“Mmm~ This is delicious!” cooed Morala.You took a bite. Indeed it was. Taking another bite, you surveyed the festivities below. You had never seen so many people so happy before. It reminded you of a music festival; raucous and wild. But it lacked the prevailing sense of hedonism that was intrinsic to so many parties on Earth. These people weren’t partying hard because they knew they had to get their fun in before work tomorrow, these fairies truly didn’t have a care in the world.“Is the food alright, Anon?” asked Morala, noticing you hadn’t touched anything in a few minutes.“Hmm? Oh, yes. Everything is delicious. I was just enjoying the view.” You said.Morala giggled and offered you a cup of wine. “They’re certainly something, aren’t they?”“That they are.” ~~~~~~~~~By the time you finished dinner, fairies were lighting torches, fires, and lamps to keep the festivities raging into the night. The whole forest was illuminated with innumerable pinpoints of light splayed throughout the trees and forest floor. Though the sun may be gone, the spirit of the revel hadn’t abated in the slightest. On the contrary, many fairies seemed emboldened by the beatific atmosphere and a belly full of alcohol.After you and Morala had finished eating, she walked you around introducing you to some of the nobility of the realm. “Nobility” was a loose term. They were really just fairies who helped the community a bit more than the average fairy. Along the way, you entertained questions about yourself and your world to roving balls of fairies. You should think of a name for a fairy swarm.“…And that’s why we didn’t need candles everywhere.” You concluded.“Can you make lights for us?” asked a fairy.“… No.”The fairies looked a little disappointed. Understandable on their part, but even if you understood exactly how an incandescent bulb worked, you wouldn’t have the materials to make one.“Pardon me, do you mind if I steal Anon for a bit?” Morala appeared next to you.“Okay, Princess!” said the fairies.They shot off in different directions into the night.“May I have a dance, Anonymous?” asked Morala.You bit your lip.“Is that a no?” she pouted.“I don’t know how to dance.” You sheepishly admitted.Morala’s eyes gleamed mischievously. “Then I’ll teach you!”“Wait, I-“But Morala was already dragging you towards a bonfire. Couples were dancing around it, some in a feverish and wild manner, others in a slow and sensual waltz. Megamorphed fairies and humans cleared a space for you as Morala stepped into the fray.“Here, take my hand like that… then I put my hand here, and you wrap your arm around me!” Morala deftly positioned your hands around her waist while she draped her arms over your shoulders.“Huh.” You said.“What is it?”“This is a lot like dancing on Earth.” You said.Morala smiled. “Then maybe you can teach me a thing or two sometime.”You smirked. “Don’t get to ahead of yourself. I still have no idea what to do now.”“It’s easy! Just step, twist, step, twist…”Morala led while you desperately tried to keep pace. Unlike any dance you had practiced on Earth, this fay footwork required several long strides, often across Morala’s legs. A sort of twisting and contorting motion as if you were trying to weave each other together. More than once, Morala had to save you from faceplanting in front of the crowd.“Now jump!” said Morala.“What?”Morala’s wings beat, launching her backwards. You hung on for dear life as she carried you backward, your feet scraping on the ground as you landed. Your face slammed into her chest.“You were supposed to jump!” laughed Morala.“I tried!” “You just wanted to feel my breasts, didn’t you?” teased Morala.“No.” you said flatly.“Liar. You’ve been staring at them all night.”“Not on purpose!” you said.Morala snickered. “It’s alright, I don’t mind.” She moved closer “I’ll let you look all you want later~”She gave your butt a squeeze. This fucking fay…“Keep dancing.” You grunted.Morala laughed. “That’s why I love you, Anon. You have such a way with words. Come on, let’s get more wine!”~~~~~~~~~You staggered back into your room. Morala bumbled in after you, flopping onto the bed. She kicked her feet back and forth.“Whee!~”“Move over.” You grunted, rolling her to the side.“Is there more wine?” asked Morala.“No. You drank it all.”“Aww…”You dragged Morala in for a cuddle. God, she felt so good to squeeze. The world felt right with her wrapped up in your arms like this. You kissed her forehead. She giggled and squirmed in your arms.“Stop it, Anon! I need a bath!” Morala playfully tried to push you away.After a night of drunken dancing around the bonfire, both of you smelled like smoke and wine. To you, it was the most enchanting scent in the world.“I kind of like it…” you mumbled.Morala kissed your cheek. You dove in to kiss her properly. She stifled a squeal into your mouth.“Where did that come from?” she panted.“I couldn’t help it.” You said.“Hmm…”Morala sat up. Her hands fumbled behind her for a moment. You watched as the strings of her corset dress hit the sheets one eyelet at a time. Peeling open the corset, she let her breasts flop free. Your breath hissed and abated.“For being such a good dance partner~” Morala smirked.You should go dancing more often.Morala crawled towards the head of the bed.“Come here, Anon!” she patted her lap.You scrambled after her. Morala opened her arms for you. You wrapped her into a hug, burying your face in her breasts. Never before had you felt something so warm and soft.“Do you like it in there?” Morala asked, stroking your hair.“Mmhmm.”“Good~”You could feel Morala’s frantic heartbeat. She must be enjoying this as much as you were. What a cutie. You readjusted, nuzzling up to one of her sizeable breasts.“Hey! Don’t squirm so much! Your hair tickles!” giggled Morala.Ahh… you could lay here forever. A cool night, a loving fairy to cuddle you, and a fat pair of tits to rest your head on. Your hands aimlessly roamed over Morala’s soft body, savoring the feeling of her plush skin yielding to your touch.“Watch out, love. Let me just…”Morala’s hands reached past you. A moment later, she slipped off her tights and panties.“Much better. You don’t mind if I lay here with you like this, hmm?~” asked Morala.You shook your head. Her skin felt electric. You needed to feel more of it. Ripping yourself from your doughy resting place, you drunkenly tore off your shirt.“Oh my!” mused Morala.You gently wrapped an arm around her shoulders to pull her in for another kiss.“Gods, Anon. You feel so warm.” Cooed Morala.The feeling was mutual. It felt like it wasn’t physically possible to get close enough to Morala, no matter how you pressed yourself against her. You knew what had to happen. Morala bit her lip as you fumbled with the clasp on your belt.“Anon, wait…”You looked up at Morala. Though there was longing in her eyes, it was overshadowed by fear.“You don’t have to… go any further if you don’t want to. We’re both a little drunk, and I don’t want you to do anything you’ll regret. I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to rush you. I just… got a little ahead of myself.” Said Morala.“I want to.” You said firmly.Morala blinked. “Oh, you do? I mean, I’m ecstatic! But there’s no going back, you know? If we-““Mora. I want to.” You assured her.Morala blushed. “Oh. Then, by all means.” She said.You slid your pants off. Morala’s eyes went wide as your tool flopped free. It gave you a strange feeling of pride to be the one embarrassing this impish fay for once.A part of you still held some lingering notion that this might be wrong. After all, you were essentially promising yourself to Morala for the rest of your life. Any other grand plans you had in this world would now be secondary to her. This was the person you were committing yourself to: the one who had kidnapped you against your will, shackled you up, and twisted the truth to make herself look better. And she was also your best friend, an unwavering pillar of support, and the woman who loved you enough to risk it all for your sake. Logically, you should be more apprehensive about marrying Morala like this. But seeing her splayed out in moonlight, creamy skin beckoning you into her succor, you had never been more certain of what you wanted.You leaned in for a kiss. Morala happily reciprocated. This time, it was her turn to explore your body with her hands. You were still a little thin from your coma, but at least you weren’t forcing her to cuddle with a skeleton. Her fingers traced over your chest and back, tracing your muscles and gently kneading you. You took the opportunity to gently massage her breasts. Morala cooed softly, clearly appreciating the attention. One of her petite hands dipped down between your thighs to grab your package. Your breath hitched.“You know,” said Morala, breaking the kiss “I haven’t properly apologized to you for kidnapping you.”Her hand began to roll your testicles back and forth. She kissed your neck, bringing her lips to your ear.“How about I show you how sorry I am for causing you all this trouble?~”Her hand began to slide up and down your shaft. Draping her free arm around you, she hung from your shoulders as she began to pump. Your body was on fire. How many months had you been longing for this? To be trapped in a world full of succubus hybrids and not being able to capitalize on it had been torture. That ended today. Every time you pressed into Morala’s pillowy lips, another wave of electricity shot through your body.Morala paused at the top of your cock, using her thumb to massage your head. Your hips gently bucked forward, urging her to continue. Morala continued to toy with you, occasionally swirling her fingers around your length while she teased your opening. Months of abstinence were taking their toll on you. It hadn’t even been two minutes, and you were already about to burst. Morala seemed to notice. She pulled away from you, nibbling your lip as she retreated, and ceased her ministrations.“Morala…” you panted.“Shh…” she said with a devious glint in her eye.Her hair tickled your chest as she sidled down your body. Shifting her body between your legs, she rested her chin on your thigh and looked up at you with a coy smirk. You begged her with your eyes to continue, your mind to addled by lust to properly plead with her.Morala giggled at your obvious need. Placing both hands over your thighs, she gingerly kissed the head of your cock. You tried to thrust against her, but she simply smiled and allowed your dick to slap uselessly against her cheek.Growling in frustration, you grabbed a handful of golden hair and tried to force her down onto your shaft. Morala allowed herself to be dragged onto the tip. Your strength faltered as she made contact. The pleasure of her soft lips and warm mouth turned your arms to jelly. Morala chuckled through her fellatio, amused by your feeble attempt at domination.Your mind was too far gone to feel ashamed of your weakness. All you could do was grab handfuls of her silky hair and hold on for dear life as she began to lavish you with affection. Her ears twitched happily, savoring every mewl and moan she coaxed out of you. Her delicate palms slowly massaged your thighs, squeezing and rubbing in hypnotic circles. Some of her hair draped over your skin, sending warmth through your legs. Morala stared up at you as her cheek distorted in the shape of your prick. She smiled around your length, watching your face contort in pleasure as she worked you over. She was enjoying this a bit too much…“Mora…!” you hissed.Morala made one last languid bob down your dick, letting her face mash against your hips. You bucked against her. Her hands squeezed your thighs, holding you down as you unleashed what felt like an eternity’s worth of essence down her throat. Her eyes rolled back, long eyelashes fluttering as her body was inundated with your energy. With stars exploding in your eyes, you dropped your head back onto the pillows. Morala kept herself latched onto your penis, suckling out the last of your seed. Slowly, she pulled off with an audible pop and a satisfied sigh. Nestling herself under your arm, she wrapped herself around you.“So, do you forgive me?” asked Morala, licking her lips.“Apology accepted.” You said weakly.“Hmm~” Morala kissed your cheek.You ran your hand through her hair. How was it possible that anything could be this soft? Morala giggled.“What’s so funny?” you panted.“You taste funny.” She said.“Huh?”“Your essence. It didn’t taste like what I expected.”“And how did you expect it to taste?” you asked.“Less berry flavor.”You laughed. “Berry flavor?”“It’s your essence, not mine.” Laughed Morala.“Well, I apologize for tasting like a smoothie.” You said.“No need. I kind of liked it.” Said Morala.You looked out the window at the stars above. How long had it been since you arrived in this world? Somehow, it didn’t feel like counting the days was that important anymore. As long as you had Morala, everything felt right in the world. To think, just a few months ago, this titania was absolutely insane. That being said…“Is something wrong?” asked Morala.“Hmm?” you hummed.“You look troubled.”“I was just thinking about everything that’s happened.” You said.“Oh.” Morala fidgeted in your arms “Anon, I really am sorry I acted the way I did. The things I did to you, what I said to you…”“It’s okay. That’s all behind us now.” You said, kissing the top of her head “Besides, it wasn’t all bad.”A smile crept onto Morala’s face. “Oh? Do tell…”“Ah, never mind.” You said.Morala rolled over onto you. “No, no; I insist.”You turned away. “It’s nothing. Forget I said anything.”Morala wasn’t about to let this go. “Did you like it when I was bossy? Did it turn you on when I ordered you around?”She pressed in closer to your face. “Or was it the fear that was most arousing? Was it the knowledge that I was capable of doing anything I wanted with you, that the only thing keeping me from consummating our love were the guards around us?~”You squirmed underneath her. Why did monsters have to be so intuitive?“Morala, come on don’t-“She dove in for a kiss. More forceful than before, she pressed your head back into the pillow with her oral onslaught. Pulling away from the kiss, she licked her lips and tossed her hair back over her shoulder with a flick of her head.“It’s MORA~” she purred.You felt something wrap around your ankles. With a sharp tug and a yelp, you were yanked towards the foot of the bed. Morala quickly pounced on you, using her knees to pin your shoulders as she hovered over you. Her shimmering sex hung over you, glistening in the moonlight.“I think you often forget, Anon. I’m a Princess. One who had done quite a bit of work on your behalf, no less. And yet, here you are demanding that I apologize to YOU. I think it’s long past time for you to repay me, hmm?~”She dropped her hips down onto your face before you could protest. Your mouth and nose were instantly filled with her scent and taste as she began to grind against you. Morala hissed with pleasure, biting her lip.“Ahh~ That’s a good boy. Come on! Lick! Show your Princess what she means to you~” demanded Morala.You began to lap at her in earnest. With your ears sandwiched between Morala’s plush thighs, and your face filled with her taste and scent, sight was the only unimpeded sense you had left. All you could do was stare up into Morala’s eyes while her torso undulated back and forth to drive her hips against your lips. Those brilliant, caring eyes. She knew this is what’s best for you. This is what you needed. Morala ALWAYS knew what was best for you.“Good boy~ That’s it, show me how much you care~” cooed Morala. She grabbed a handful of your hair to drag you deeper into her.Your tongue went wild, thrashing about with reckless abandon. Breaths came sporadically as the marshmallow vice of her legs and hips only allowed for the briefest gasp before Morala slammed back down. Your hands snapped up to grab handfuls of assflesh, sinking deep into Mora’s doughy butt. Morala was savoring every moment of it. The sadistic yet caring look on her face told you that much. You could only imagine how good it must feel for her to have all of her labors finally pay off in such a spectacular fashion. It wasn’t long before her thrusts became erratic and shallow.“Yes! Come on, Anon! Serve your Queen!” gasped Morala.You pressed her hips down onto your face. Morala’s thighs squeezed your head, threatening to crush your head as she came. A lurid squeal rumbled out of her lips, followed by a trickle of liquid from her vagina. She wobbled once and slid off to the side.“Gods, I’m so glad I did all those horrible things to you…” panted Morala.“Me too…” you wheezed.This time, Morala was the one to readjust you. She dragged your head to her breast. You slipped her nipple into your mouth. She hummed appreciatively, running a hand through your hair.“Anon, I hope you know that I love you, even if I am cruel to you on occasion.” Said Morala.“I know.” You said.“And do you love me?” asked Morala.“I do.” You said softly.Morala’s ears wiggled excitedly. She cradled your body a bit tighter against herself.“Anon?”“Hmm?”“Would it be too greedy to ask you to show your love for me?” asked Morala quietly.You looked up into her shimmering emerald eyes. They were full of longing.“Not one bit.”Slowly, you slid out from Morala’s embrace. Reaching over her, you pressed yourself up over her. Morala stared up at you, hands clasped meekly at her chest. Though her wings were pinned beneath her, they still tried to buzz with anticipation. Sliding back, you aligned yourself with Morala’s cunt. She was still slick from her face ride a few minutes prior.“Are you ready?” you asked.“I’m ready.” Said Morala.You nodded solemnly. Pressing forward, you bore into your titania wife.Both you and Morala let out a stifled gasp as you pushed into her folds. Your arms jiggled, threatening to quit on you through the onslaught of pleasure. Morala looked equally disheveled, her eyes twitching and her face wobbling as she beamed up at you. Slowly, you drew back. Again, you drove into Morala. Just reaching her hips was an agonizing affair. It took every ounce of willpower not to burst inside her. Morala panted beneath you. You suspected that she was having almost as much trouble as you were. Gritting your teeth, you steeled your resolve and picked up the pace.After a few strokes, your rhythm was fast enough to elicit a small slap every time you collided with Morala’s plump thighs. She did what she could, arching her back in time with your thrusts to make it easier on you. Settling into a tempo, you two mashed against each other in carnal fervor.“Morala…” you panted.“Me too…!” gasped Morala.Though you tried to pick up the pace, Morala had other plans. As you bottomed out inside of her, her legs wrapped around the small of your back and held you there. Her arms ensnared your torso, dragging you down. In your already enfeebled state, you were powerless to resist her as Morala latched onto you. Instinctively, you embraced her as well.“Anon!” moaned Morala.Words failed you as you came inside Morala. The world swam and shifted around you. You held onto Morala for dear life, lest you lose your only anchor to reality. Warmth seeped out around your crotch.Morala rolled your jellied body off to the side so that she could breathe. You grumbled at the callous treatment. Reaching over, you rolled her on top of you. Morala squealed and giggled, her wings buzzing behind her. The breeze they created was just what your sweltering body needed.Morala peppered your face with kisses. You lazily kissed her back, gently running your hands up and down her back.“Hey Anon?” said Morala.“Hmm?”“I guess we have to plan a wedding, huh?”“I guess we do.” You said.“I want a dress!” said Morala.“You’re a princess. You can have whatever you want.” You said.“And I want a dress!”“Tell that to a tailor.” You said.“It’s going to be beautiful, I can see it now…” swooned Morala.Your heavy eyelids snapped up. If you were getting married, you were going to need a ring.“Damn…” you mumbled.“Anon?”“It’s nothing. Just remembered something I have to do.” You said.“What is it.”“Logistical stuff. I’ll tell you later.” You said.“Hmm…”Morala squirmed atop you, repositioning herself. Soon, her breathing slowed and deepened into the telltale signs of sleep. You squeezed her. Time to pay you back, Mora.~~~~~~~~~You timidly entered the jewelers. Being a prince had many perks, but discretion was not one of them. It had taken hours to finally reach the shop without anyone trying to follow you in.“Prince Anon! What a pleasant surprise!” declared the fairy jeweler behind the counter.Shit.“Shh! Not so loud.” You hissed.“Oh, sorry. Are you hiding from someone?” asked the fairy.“No. I mean, kind of. Listen, I need a ring, and I need you to be discreet. Can you do that?” you asked.“Of course! Is it for the royal wedding?” asked the fairy.You blinked. “Huh?”“The wedding! You know, between you and Princess Mora?” the fairy cocked her head.“How do you know about that?” you demanded.“I heard it from one of the fairies who works in the palace!” she said cheerily.“Well, who did SHE hear it from?”“Mora!”You pursed your lips. Was nothing sacred to the fay? Probably not. Morala better not be TOO vivid with her stories…“Just don’t breath a word of this to anyone. That includes Mora, got it?” you said.“My lips are sealed!”You highly doubted that, but it was all you were going to get.“I need something special for Mora. Something unique.” You said.“A ring fit for a princess! How exciting!” clapped the fairy.“Then you have an idea?” you asked.“Hmm… No.”“What?”“I can’t just come up with the idea for a royal ring on the spot, Prince!” said the fairy.“Nothing? Not even what stone I should get?”“Are you going to buy a stone for the ring?” the fairy cocked her head.“I- Well, yeah, I was.” You said.The fairy’s jovial mood became one of mild contempt.“You’re about to marry the most wonderful woman in the world, and you’re going to buy her a random wedding ring?”“Excuse me for not knowing how fay courtship works!” you hissed.“You have to give her something special, Prince!” insisted the fairy.“Special?! I don’t have anything special! I hardly have anything to my name!” you said.“You must have SOMETHING. How did they make rings in your world?” asked the jeweler.“Out of metal.” You said flatly.“Prince…”“They were just like they are here! Band, stone, done.” You said.“Do you have any gems you carried over with you from your world?” asked the fairy.“Yeah, a twenty {carat} diamond I had in my pocket on the way over.” You said dryly.“That’s perfect! I think. What’s a {careet}?”“That was sarcasm.” You said.“Is that what it means?”“No! Listen, I don’t have anything! All my stuff is probably still in Admaz. I don’t even have the clothes I was wearing when I entered this crazy world!” you snapped.The fairy rubbed her chin “Maybe the people of Admaz would be kind enough to give your things back! I’m sure you must have SOMETHNG that we can use.”You sighed. “I’ll see. No promises. So think of something else in case I can’t get ahold of my possessions.” You said.“Aye aye, Prince!” the fairy saluted.You pulled your hood back up and sidled out of the shop. Your fairy entourage quietly followed behind you. Now then, looks like you had a letter to post…~~~~~~~~~“Anon!”Hicera nearly flattened you as she ran to embrace you.“I was so worried about you! I thought you might be dead!” she sobbed.“I will be if you keep squeezing me.” You wheezed.Hicera released you. “Oh! I’m so sorry…”“It’s fine.” You said with a cough.Oroba stood next to Hicera. “Anonymous.”“Oroba.”“Glad to see that you lived.” Said the demon.“That makes two of us.” You said.Oroba smirked. “Are you alright? You know, after…”“Yeah. I’m just fine.” You said.“And Morala, did she, you know, force you?” Oroba squirmed.“No. It wasn’t what I would call a conventional courtship, but I wasn’t screaming when it happened.” You assured her.Oroba smirked. “That’s a shame.”“Har har. Did you bring it?” you asked.“That I did.” Oroba pointed to a box with her tail “Everything you brought to Admaz is in that box.”“Thank you, Oroba. I promise I’ll let you have the things I don’t need.” You said.“Oh, really?” the demon looked surprised.“Yeah. They may be my mementos, but I don’t see why other people can’t appreciate them as well. And hell, you’ll probably keep everything more organized than I would.” You said.Oroba nodded. “We appreciate your contribution, Anonymous. I’m sure whatever you entrust us with will inspire scholars for generations to come.”“I’m just glad you’re okay…” sniffed Hicera.“Sorry I couldn’t get word to you earlier. Things have been… busy.” You said apologetically.“I suspected as much.” Said Oroba.The comment rankled you. “Mora really is a good girl. She just went about showing it the wrong way.”“I didn’t mean any offence.” Said Oroba.You sighed. She wasn’t entirely wrong. “I know.”Oroba smiled. “I’m glad you’ve found happiness, Anon. Even if it wasn’t in a conventional way.”“Yeah. You know, even after all I’ve been through, it’s hard to say I regret what happened.” You said wistfully.“Eros has a way of making sure everything turns out just how it needs to be.” Said Hicera.You nodded. Maybe you should pray to her later.“Well, it has been a pleasure, Prince. Drop by Admaz sometime; we’d love to have more guest lectures.” Said Oroba.“Or just drop by to chat!” said Hicera.“Thank you. Both of you. You’ll never know how much it means to me.” You said.“Good luck, Anon.” said Oroba.“And congratulations on the marriage!” added Hicera.The two piled back into their carriage, leaving you with the box of your belongings. There had to be SOMETHING in there that you could use.~~~~~~~“Nothing? You couldn’t find a single thing?” scolded the jeweler.“I told you, there’s nothing usable in there! It’s all junk! I wasn’t planning to get married when I left the house that day!” you said.The fairy glowered at the box of trinkets. Destroyed clothing and whatever you had in your pockets during your impromptu teleportation were all that remained of your past life.“Umm… OH! These are perfect!” gasped the fairy.“What?! What is-“She swooped down and picked up a coin. Beaming at you, she held it aloft over her head.“No.” you said flatly.“What?! Why?!” demanded the fairy.“I’m not giving Mora pocket change for an engagement gift.” You said.“No, silly! We can use this! Rare alloy, found only in a different dimension! This will be perfect!” said the fairy.“Perfect for what?”“For her ring!”“I-“That wasn’t a terrible idea, actually. Making a ring out of the handful of coins you had when you crossed over was a unique and meaningful idea. Maybe TOO meaningful. You eyed the coins on the table. Those were one of the last vestiges of your old life. Could you really just melt them down so easily?“I don’t know…” you said.“Getting sentimental?” asked the jeweler.“It isn’t as if I can get more.” You said.“I understand. Why don’t you think about it? Take this with you, decide what it all means to you. To lose your place in your own world must be difficult; I can understand your trepidation about losing what little you have to remind you of it.”She flew away, leaving you with what little you had to your own name in this world.~~~~~~~~~“Anon?” asked Morala.“Yeah?”“Is something wrong?”“No. Just thinking about something.” You said.“Are you worried about the wedding?” asked Morala.“No.”Morala had been busy as a bee planning your wedding. You had been mercifully excused from any logistical assignment for having no idea how a fay wedding worked. Finally, your incompetence played to your advantage.“What are you thinking about?” probed Morala.“My old life.” You said.Morala tensed next to you in bed. “Oh…”“I’m fine, Mora. I promise.” You said, giving her a reassuring squeeze.“I’m sorry, Anon. I want you to be happy; but reconnecting you to your world and your family is the one thing I can’t do.” Morala said dolefully.“You already did. We’re a family now, aren’t we?” you said.Morala squirmed in your arms. She wriggled up to kiss your cheek, her wings flapping wildly behind her. “Yes!”“I’ll always miss my old friends and family, but I’ll make new friends here. And I’ll always have you.”“You’ll have more than me, someday.” Giggled Morala.You gulped. Now that you were married, you supposed having kids wasn’t TOO far out of the question. Hopefully Morala would be willing to wait a bit…“I want our first daughter to have an {Ersh} name. That way, it’ll feel just like home.” Said Morala.Or not.“This is home.” You said.“Not yet. We’ll have to get our own palace. Momma will give me some land, and we’ll start our own kingdom there. Then, we’ll make it our home.” Said Morala.“Hmm.”“Will sleeping on my breasts make you feel better?”“…Yes.”Morala giggled. You readjusted your head onto your new pillows, and quickly fell asleep to the beat of her heart.~~~~~~~~~“Prince! You’re back!” exclaimed the jeweler.“Yeah.” You said.“Then have you made a decision? I thought about what I said, and I don’t think there’s any shame in purchasing a traditional wedding ring, given your circumstances. I just thought Mora might appreciate something a little out of the ordinary, you know?”“I’ve made my choice. Let’s melt down the coins.” You said.The jeweler blinked. “Are you sure? I mean, I’d be happy to help, but…”“Yeah. I’m sure. Oroba already has replicas of the coins and hanging onto them won’t bring me any closer to my world. Besides, it isn’t like they’ll be gone. I’ll get to touch them every time I hold her hand.” You said.The jeweler gave you a knowing smile. “As you wish, Prince.”~~~~~~~~You watched from the sidelines as the jeweler melted down the coins in her forge, pouring the molten liquid into a tiny mold. Her tiny hands slammed her hammer down again and again until the glowing metal was beaten into a band. You felt melancholic watching the coins disappear like that, but you knew that what would come of it would be better than a pile of coins gathering dust in some closet.“There we are!” said the fairy, holding the ring aloft with a pair of tongs.“Impressive.” You said, admiring her handiwork. The various metals hadn’t formed a homogenous color. Instead, the band was marbled with tones from the various alloys of the coins.“I added a bit of demon realm silver to prevent oxidization, I hope you don’t mind.” The jeweler said.“Oh, good call. I didn’t even think about that.” You said.“Well, there it is.” Said the fairy. Her voice sounded unenthused given the task she had just completed.“What’s that supposed to mean?” you asked.“It might be the jeweler in me, but I feel like it’s missing something. The band came out well enough; it just needs something set in it.” Said the fairy, rubbing her chin.“Then let’s pick a stone.” You said.“No, no. A stone would look out of place. It wouldn’t fit the aesthetic or the theme of the piece.” Said the fairy.The piece, she says. At least you picked a jeweler who was passionate about her work.“What are you thinking?” you asked.“Hmm… Do you have your things with you?” asked the fairy.“No, they’re back at the palace.” You said.“Bring them.”“Huh?”“Bring them.”“But-““Bring them!”“Alright, fine. Jeez…” you said, recoiling from the tiny woman.Slinking out of the shop, you went to go retrieve your things.~~~~~~~~“Let’s see what we have left…” said the jeweler, rubbing her hands together.The rest of your belongings were laid out on the table.“Told you I didn’t have anything left.” You said.“Quiet.” Said the fairy.She flew over to the ruined shorts you had worn the night of the incident. Hovering over the button, she scraped some dirt off.“Oh!”The jeweler sped over to a tiny bucket of water and picked it up. She flitted back over to your pants. Hefting the bucket, she poured some of the water out over the button.“What are you doing?” you asked.“Help me clean this off.” Said the fairy.You brushed her aside and used your substantially larger hands to clean off the button.“Yes! That’s perfect!” squealed the jeweler.“What? The button?” you asked incredulously.“Yeah! It’s just what I was looking for! And the colors even complement the band!” she said.“Are you suggesting that the centerpiece for the wedding ring I want to gift to a princess should be a button?” you said.“It’ll be great, trust me!” said the jeweler.Before you could question her sanity anymore, she had already severed the threads connecting it to your shorts.You watched in awe as the jeweler set to work forging her masterpiece. She heated the metal, then used pliers to pull off thin strands of metal from the band. The metal protrusions were fed through the holes of the button, quickly forming an x that held the button in place. With a few more strokes of her hammer, the ring was finished.“There! Isn’t it nice?” said the jeweler, wiping the sweat from her brow.You had to admit, she had outdone herself. Your doubts were banished when you saw how natural the button looked affixed to the band.“Now for the hardest part.” Said the jeweler.“It isn’t finished?”“No, silly! Giving it to her!”Oh, right. That was something you would have to do. You swallowed. Never thought you’d be getting married like this…“You’ll do great! The Princess says you’re the best man in the whole world!” said the jeweler.“Yeah. I just hope I’m half the man she thinks I am.” You said.“It’ll be fine! You’ll get up to the alter, give her the ring, share a kiss, and live happily ever after.” Assured the fairy.“Yeah…” you said, rolling the ring between your fingers.Maybe happily ever after wasn’t too farfetched in this world.~~~~~~~~“Lift your arm, please.”You complied with the pixie seamstress’s  order. These girls were so pushy.A swarm of fay swirled around you. Your compliance was only partially by their tone of voice, but mostly because of the copious amount of needles being flown through the air around your face. The girls worked feverishly to tailor your wedding clothes in time for the ceremony.“BREAK!” shouted a fairy.The cloud of fay exploded away from you, leaving only one stern fairy to inspect you.“Very nice. Looking princely at last!” beamed the seamstress.Hey…“Don’t scowl like that. This is your wedding! Now remember, all you have to do is make it to the alter, say a few words, and kiss the princess. Can you handle that?”“Yes.”“I hope so. Come along, girls. We should go take our seats.”The fay swarmed out of the window, leaving you alone with the ring in your pocket. Your first order of business once you were officially prince would be making her watch her fat mouth.“Here goes nothing…” you muttered.Standing in front of the doors, you jumped up and down to try and shake out your nerves. The wedding music started, softly creeping through the cracks in the door. Oh Eros, you weren’t ready for this! The doors opened. You took a step out onto the carpet leading to the alter.The reaction was instantaneous. A deafening screech shattered the tranquil atmosphere of the wedding as every fairy and pixie in the venue began squealing at the top of their lungs. You froze, stunned by the sudden cacophony of voices. Shaking off the shock, you advanced through the seats towards the alter. Morala’s mother and father sat at the front of the ceremony. Gwendolena gave you an ecstatic wave as you approached. Cei was more reserved, opting for a small smile and a nod.Your feet felt like lead by the time you finally reached the steps to the alter. Every ounce of willpower and concentration you had were directed at not falling on your face and making a fool of yourself. Wait a minute, wasn’t Morala supposed to be here?“AAAANOOONNN!!!”Just as you reached the last step, the cloud of fairies above you parted. Morala shot through the gap towards you. Your brain failed to register what was happening before she slammed into you, taking you both to the floor.“Ah! Anon! Are you alright?! I’m so sorry!” Morala quickly stood up and pulled you to your feet.“Huh? Oh, yeah. Fine.” You said.Good God, she was stunning. The circuitry in your brain shorted when you saw the dress she was wearing. An ethereal and enchanting ensemble. Unlike a traditional wedding dress, this was something you would expect on a monster. Risqué by human standards, the heavy use of veils and thin fabric allowed most of Mora’s body to show through the dress. Only her breasts and hips were obscured by more opaque fabric. Tiny, silken flowers were sown throughout the translucent dress, flowing and shifting with the veils as they rippled in the breeze.“Do you like it?” Morala asked smugly. She did a pirouette for you. The free-hanging layers of the dress lifted as she spun.“Yes.” You said hoarsely.Morala giggled. “Shall we?”“Yeah! Yes, uh, go ahead.” You gestured to her spot at the altar.A houri in an exotic nun habit smiled at you as you took your place. Eros must have been watching over you after all.“Hello, Anon. I’m glad to see you made it here.” Said the houri.“Thanks. And thanks to Eros, too.” You said.“The Lady provides.” mused the houri “Shall we begin?”“YES!” said Morala.“Very well.”The houri opened her book. Fairies quieted down, retaking their seats.“My fay friends, we are gathered here today to witness the union of Morala Fray and Anonymous of Earth. By exchanging their vows, Anonymous agrees to become Prince of the Twilight Woods, warden of the fay, and steward of the land. Anonymous, do you so swear, by taking Morala’s hand, that you will watch over this realm and its denizens, so long as you shall live?” asked the houri.“I do.” You said.“And do you swear to protect Morala, to ensure her beatitude in the face of adversity, and cherish her always?” said the houri.“I do.”“And do you, Morala, take Anonymous as your husband? That he may protect your people from hardship, and care for you for the rest of your days? Do you swear to be there for him when he needs you, and provide him succor from the harshness of the world? ”“I do!” said Morala.“And do you have a ring to present to your wife, Anonymous?” asked the houri.“Oh! Bring it here!” said Morala. A fairy flew over with a ring box.“Actually…” you produced your own box from the folds of your suit.Morala gasped. “Anon? For me? But, what did you…”You popped open the box. “It isn’t much, but it’s all I had to work with.” You said apologetically.Morala clasped her hands over her mouth. She sniffed loudly, wiping the tears away from her eyes. “It’s perfect…”“Anonymous, you may present the ring.” Said the houri.You pulled the ring out of the velvet and held it out. Morala slipped her finger though. She lifted her hand up, admiring the ring.“It is done. In Eros’s name, I now pronounce you husband and wife.” Said houri.She held up a palm as if she was taking an oath. A pink light shimmered in her open hand. Suddenly, a gust of wind shot out from the alter. Morala’s dress billowed in the wind.The fairies went ballistic. Flower petals rained down from the sky as what looked like every fairy in the kingdom began showering you and Morala. Morala leapt into your arms. You spun her around once and dipped her back for a kiss. Hot damn, that may be the smoothest thing you’ve ever done in your life. “Now what?” you asked breathlessly.“Now we party!” squealed Morala.~~~~~~~~The next week was a haze of wine, dancing, revelry, and sex. Most mornings you woke up in some random part of the forest with Morala draped over your naked body. Most nights you didn’t remember. Fairy minstrels sang and performed around the clock. Bards, dancers, poets, actors, and chefs all made their art available to the masses. It reminded you of a music festival.“More wine?” asked Morala, wiggling a bottle in front of your face.“No, not right now.” You said, combing her hair with your fingers.“Hmm…”You watched the sunset from your hammock.“Hey Mora?”“Yeah?”“I’m really glad I met you.” You said.“It may sound selfish, but I’m glad you ended up here.” Said Morala.“Not the worst thing that could have happened to me.” You said.“You’ll always have family here.” She said, kissing you.“It’ll be more than us, someday.” you said.“Someday is sooner than you think.” Giggled Morala.“Yeah…”You sat bolt upright in the hammock. “Wait, what?”She just gave you a coy grin.“You mean-? You? Now? Already?” you stammered.“Yep.” Morala stroked her stomach.“You’re sure you didn’t just eat too much?” you said.Morala huffed. “I did NOT eat to much. I’m eating for two now anyways. Mamono know these things, Anon.”Morala dragged you back into the hammock. You let her pull you down, too stupefied to do anything but sit there slack jawed.“I told you I’d do anything to make you happy~” giggled Morala.You kissed her forehead. “And you did a damn good job of it.”