
    Chapter Text
    
  

A stormy weather.
Heavy rain.
Thundering sounds.
It wasn’t the brightest of days.
It wasn’t his brightest of days either.

  Failed… again.

His eyes scanning the email on the handheld screen, his thumb scrolling through the lines of text.
And here I thought third time’s the charm.
A deep sigh escaped his wet lips, only to be captured within the mask covering his mouth.

  I don’t know what to do anymore.

He slid the phone into his windbreaker’s pocket. His legs stopped moving forward and he raised his head high, letting a longer sigh escape his lips.
He looked to the side, observing the millions of rain drops crashing against the asphalt in an irregular manner, much like the state of his mind.

  The weather’s sure capturing my mood perfectly.

He turned his body to face the rain, basking in the calming moment. Despite the heavy rain, he found some appreciation in it. It made him want to relax, knock himself out, and forget everything for a while.
Better head home quick. See you later, rain.
He turned back to the sidewalk and pushed his legs forward once more, putting one foot in front of the other. The sound of his steps was overshadowed by the crashing rain.
After walking forward another few steps, he stopped in place. The shop he was standing next to, for whatever reason, caught his attention. He always passed by this place on the way to home, but he had never paid any attention to it.

  The animal shelter…

Looking through the glass wall, he saw two people, a man and a woman, standing behind the counter. They seemed to be discussing something with one another. Judging by their similar appearances, he guessed they were siblings. They look familiar. Since he was already here, his eyes scanned around the place.

  Was it always this empty?

He saw dozens of cages, beds, and kennels… yet there were no signs of life breathing in them. He supposed that was a good thing. It meant these animals were getting adopted, finally finding their homes.
At the corner of his eye, he saw a little hand waving at him. Strangely, it wasn’t the people behind the counter. His gaze shifted downwards and he saw… two animal ears. Cat ears, to be exact. His gaze moved down further, and he saw… a face? A face of a girl? A face with two bubbly eyes staring back at him. She had very pale purple hair, with blue eyes that seemed to be peering into his soul. Her presence didn’t seem to be of this world, if he had to describe it. Finding this a bit unsettling, he turned his head away quickly.

  What did I just see…?

He slowly turned his head to look again. This time, she was rapidly waving her hand which suggested she really wanted his attention. Well, seeing anyone wave their hand in this manner would certainly be eye-catching…
As if being dragged in by a mysterious force, he pushed through the glass door. Why did he come here? He wasn’t sure why. Maybe his curiosity got the best of him, he thought.
The pair behind the counter didn’t seem to notice he had come in. They looked like they were in the middle of a heated discussion, so he chose not to announce his presence. He wasn’t the best at socializing with strangers, so maybe this was a good thing.
“Mister!”
He flinched in surprise, almost losing his balance. Where did that voice come from?! It certainly wasn’t from the two other people in the room.
“Mister! Down here!”
He shifted his gaze to find the voice, resting on the same face he saw earlier. She was waving her hand… at him? He took a few steps closer and noticed she was on a thin mattress, with a fence that barely reached up to her head… probably to prevent her from wandering around. She seemed to be a child, her height reaching around his waist. What was a child doing in a place like this?
“Hi there!” she greeted him cheerfully.
“…” he looked to his left, then to his right. He then concluded she must be talking to him.
“… Hello there.” He greeted back shyly.
“Are you… interested in adopting monstergirls?” she asked in a curious tone.
“… Eh?” Adoption? That sure escalated quickly. Then again, he was in an animal shelter, or so he thought… wait.
Monstergirl? He took a quick look at the little girl. Right, those cat ears, even that tail he just noticed, weren’t part of his imagination.

  So she’s a monstergirl. This is a shelter for monstergirls.

Monstergirls–human and monster hybrids.
He was familiar with them, though he had never interacted with one before. It was a long time ago when monstergirls and humans began coexisting in one society. He’d seem them a few times, but he didn’t really care. Though to his surprise, they looked more human than he expected.

  But I’m not here to adopt anyone…

He stood up and turned around, not even bothering to give a proper response to the monstergirl.
“W-Wait!” she cried out, trying to grab ahold of his jacket through the fence. “Don’t go!”
Something in that voice stopped him from moving.
“I-If you look here, we’re free!” Using her little hands, she pointed at the sign outside of the fence. “You can get free monstergirls!”
They’re free, huh? He scanned the sign, looking over each letter. That sounds suspicious…
“L-Look!” she grabbed a ball of yarn and presented it to him. “I can do some cool tricks!”
Aiming to impress him, she tossed the ball into the air…

   BONK! 

… unfortunately, it came crashing down on her head.
“Oww!” the girl held her head where it was hit. She began rubbing it slowly. Soon, tears began welling up in her eyes. “Ough, my head…”
“…” There was something about her face, something about her eyes that tugged at his frozen heart. As if driven by instinct, he reached out his hand and placed it on her hair.
“… Huh?” she looked up at him with upturned eyes.
Crouching down, He patted her head, gently caressing her fluffy hair. He was surprised her hair was so soft. It was nice to touch, like a sheep’s fluffy wool.
“Mhmm…” she leaned in closer to his hand. She closed her eyes, enjoying the warmth of it, feeling safe.
He slowly pulled his hand away, but it was immediately grabbed by two little hands.
“No!” she pulled his hand back on to her head. “Please continue.”
“… Heh.” Behind his mask, he didn’t realize his lips curved into a smile. Cute…
“Why… are you in this shelter?” He asked, curious.
“… No one wants to adopt us.” The monstergirl whispered in a sad tone. “We’ve always been transferred from shelter to shelter.”
“I see…” He hummed. That’s really sad to hear.
“I’ve never seen her this friendly with a human.” An unfamiliar voice said with awe.
“You must be special. You’re the first one that’s ever talked to her.” Another voice added.
He turned around and saw the pair from earlier. Must be the owners of this place.
“Hello there!” The man bowed down politely. “It’s been a while!”
“Wait, you two know each other?” The woman asked.
I’m wondering the same thing. He looked at the man, trying to see if it jogged his memory.
“Oh, I suppose you might have forgotten.” He rubbed the back of his head, placing one hand on his hip. “This place wasn’t a monstergirl shelter in the past. You came here with your sister often when you were younger.”

  Ah… I faintly remember something like that. It was years ago…

“You’re… Aiden and Amber, aren’t you?” He asked, feeling a rush of memories flash through his mind. They were indeed siblings.
“Oh!” Aiden’s eyes widened in surprise. “You do remember us!”
“It seems little Eryn is all grown up now!” Amber said.
“It seems you remember me as well.” Eryn smiled. It’s been a while since he connected with other people, and it was nice. “You two… work in a monstergirl shelter now?”
 “Yeah!” She replied. “We’ve been trying to find homes for all these monstergirls, and it’s been going quite well!”
“Well, except…” Aiden motioned to the girl Eryn was still patting.
“I see.” Eryn nodded in understanding. I forgot I was still patting her. “I’ve noticed that…”
“They’re free.” Aiden finished. “I’m sure it looks odd, doesn’t it?”
“Why’s that?” Eryn was curious. He’s known Aiden and Amber since his childhood, though he only remembered that just now. They were people with honest and good hearts, so he knew there must be a good reason.
“Well, it might not seem obvious to you…” Aiden folded his arms. “But she’s an adult monstergirl.”
“… What?” Eryn raised an eyebrow. She’s an adult?!
“Most people who come here don’t exactly… want to adopt an adult monstergirl.” He adjusted his eyeglass. Actually, all of them. “Too much to handle, hard to raise, that kind of stuff.”
“Is it a big problem if they’re already adults?” Eryn asked. He wasn’t too familiar with the way monstergirls were taken care of.
“I wouldn’t say it’s a big issue…” Aiden answered. “People seem to prefer raising a monstergirl while they’re still a baby. It makes it easier to assimilate into a family.”
“It’s also easier to establish a bond with a developing monstergirl than a matured one.” Amber continued.
“A bond…?” Eryn pondered that word. I remember hearing something about bonds…
“Right. A critical need of a monstergirl is, well, their need to bond with humans.”
I see… wasn’t that one of the key factors in creating a human-monstergirl society? Eryn hummed that thought to himself.
“And well… bonding with an adult monstergirl, especially if you’re new to this… it comes with serious risks.”
“… I see.” Eryn nodded. He was aware of the risks. “What happens if… she doesn’t get adopted?” he asked, a bit afraid to hear the answer.
“Well…” Aiden rubbed his forearm. “We’ll keep taking care of them as best as we can. You see, most shelters by now would have thrown them out simply because no one wants to adopt them.”
That's really sad to hear... 
“It’s hard to find owners for them.” Amber stroked her chin thoughtfully, organizing the words in her mind. “It’s a big responsibility to bear. You see… we only let people adopt them if they’ve proven they’re a capable owner. And I don’t want to admit it, but I understand why no one would want to adopt them.”
“… I see.” Eryn turned to the monstergirl, still stroking her head. He lifted his hand up, much to her disappointment.
“Mister, please don’t go away…” her cat ears and tail slumped downward, sadness growing on her face. She gripped his jacket, not wanting to let go.
“… She really has taken a liking to you, huh.” Aiden said with a smile.
He wasn’t sure what led him to this decision. He wasn’t sure why he was standing right here. He wasn’t sure how he found it in himself to take action. He lived a life of loneliness, devoid of social communication. It was something he had grown used to. It was something he didn’t want to change.
And yet, the words easily slipped through his lips.
“… Could I adopt her?” Eryn asked without as much as a second thought.
“Huh?” Aiden’s eyes widened.
“What?” Amber’s mouth went agape.
What the?! Even Eryn was surprised by himself.
“You… want to adopt her?!” Aiden held his eyeglass, almost crushing it to bits.
“Y-Yeah. Is that a problem?”
“N-No, in fact, we’re delighted to hear that! It’s just…” Aiden’s voice trailed off in the end.
“It’s just…?” Eryn raised an eyebrow.
“There’s another reason why people don’t want to adopt them…”
“Mister, you’re going to adopt us?!” The monstergirl’s ears perked up in excitement, her tail wagging around. “I’m so happy! I need to let them know!” she ran to the back, as if searching.
“… Another reason?” Eryn asked, now feeling unsure of his decision.
“Look, he’s going to adopt us!” The monstergirl exclaimed, holding the hands of two other… monstergirls.
“Wah!” The monstergirl with mouse ears charged against the fence, almost breaking it. “Are you going to be our new master?!” She had red hair, with orange eyes that matched the color of flames. She seemed very full of energy.
“H-Hello there…” The monstergirl with pointy dog ears approached him slowly. “Will you… adopt us?” She had dark brown hair with dark, green eyes. Unlike the other monstergirl, she seemed to have a shy demeanor.
“You see…” Aiden grinned sheepishly as he scratched his cheek. “These three monstergirls are inseparable. They’re one family. You kinda have to… adopt them together.”
“Three monstergirls and they’re adults.” Amber stated. “You can see why they’re free. They’re also not adopted… until now. I totally understand if you want to change your–”
“… That’s fine.” Eryn waved his hand. “I’ll adopt them.” He was even more surprised of himself now.
“Wha–… are you sure?” Aiden asked, visibly shaken. “It’s… a big responsibility, you know? It won’t be easy.”
“… I know.” Eryn averted his gaze. “Whether I am fit to take care of them or not… you’ll be the judge of that.”
“… Right.” Aiden stroked his chin, turning to Amber. “What do you think, sis?”
“I think it’s wonderful!” Amber hopped around with glee. “These monstergirls will finally have a place to call their home. And since it’s you, I know we won’t have to worry that much.”
“All right, then.” Aiden went to the counter. “Let’s fill in the adoption papers together, shall we?”
“Lead the way.” Eryn followed him to the counter.
“I’ll get the girls ready!” Amber told them, then went into the backroom.
“So…” Aiden placed some papers on the counter. “I’ll just need you to read this and sign here. Take your time, this is mostly a formality.”
“Ah, got’cha.” Eryn scanned over the papers, line by line. I hope that’s the case…
“One of the things you need to be mindful about is this…” Aiden pointed at a particular paragraph.
“… Oh?” Eryn raised an eyebrow.
“As we’ve mentioned before, we only let people adopt them if we believe them to be capable owners.” Aiden stated, his tone becoming serious. “A week from now, we’ll need to see them again to make sure they’re taken care of in a proper fashion. And if we decide you’re not a good owner…”
“… I understand.” Eryn nodded.
“Well, I have full faith in you!” Aiden gave a hearty laugh. “Let me tell you a bit about these monstergirls.” He rested his arms on the counter. “The one who’s already taken a liking to you, she’s, unsurprisingly, a catgirl.”
“Ah, I see.” Eryn tapped his fingers on the counter. “What about the other two?”
“The monstergirl with the round ears, she’s a hinezumi. Basically, a fire mouse.”
“… Fire?” That raised some concerns to his ears. But it matched her appearance.
“The shy one, the one with the pointy ears, she’s an Anubis. Or a jackal, in easier terms.”
A catgirl, a hinezumi, and an Anubis. That’s one interesting triplet… As he signed the adoption papers, the monstergirls’ descriptions matched up with what Aiden said. I’ve never heard of a hinezumi or an Anubis, though…
“How… did they end up together?” Eryn asked in a curious manner. “They’re a very… uh, unique bunch?”
“… Good question.” Aiden hummed in response. “I don’t know.”
“… You don’t know?”
“When we first found them, they were already together.” He answered. “They’ve been inseparable since then.”
“Huh…” He wondered what circumstances led them to be together. “Well, here you go.” He placed the pen down on the counter, next to the signed papers.
“Great!” Aiden took the papers in his hand, stacking them. “Let me process and photocopy this for a moment.”
“Alright.” Eryn nodded and waited patiently. He turned around, taking a glance at the monstergirls… and Amber was there.
Amber carried a box which looked really worn out. She placed it on the floor, in front of her feet. She then went motioned for the monstergirls to come to her so she could pick them up and place them in the box.
“I think you’ll need this.”
“Huh?” Eryn turned to the counter. Aiden was already back, with a notebook in his hand.
“This is mine and my sister’s notes.” Aiden placed it on the counter and pushed it towards Eryn. “It contains everything you need to know to take care of them… since the day we took them into the shelter. This has better use in your hands.”
“Oh… much appreciated.” Eryn bowed his head down, taking the notebook in his hand. At a mere touch, he could feel the amount of love and attention to detail put into his book. It clearly had years of experience behind it.
“Oh, and one more thing…” Aiden placed his hands on his hips. “You’ll need to register these monstergirls under your ownership eventually.”
“… Ah, right.” Eryn folded his arms in thought. “I imagine that’s important.” Each monstergirl was registered to its owner. It’s apparently a law as far as he’s heard. Without a monstergirl ID, their freedom is rather limited.
“Certainly.” Aiden nodded. “Unfortunately, we don’t have privileges to provide that service to you… seeing as we’re just a shelter.”
“No worries. I really appreciate all the help.” Eryn smiled.
“Master! Master!”
Master? Eryn turned around and saw Amber carrying the box with the monstergirls in it.
“You might be wondering why they’re in this box.” Amber gave a sheepish laugh. “This is the box they were brought in. It’s… important to them.”
So it holds a lot of sentimental value… He found that strangely adorable.
He wrapped his arms around the box, taking it from Amber. He could feel a considerable weight to it. No surprise, there were three adult monstergirls in it.
“Master! Master!” The hinezumi wrapped her little arms around his neck, hugging it tightly. “You’re really going to adopt us? Thank you, thank you, thank you! We’ve always wanted to be adopted!”
“Urhk…!” She’s choking me! For someone with such a small body, her grip strength was impressive.
“Hey, let go of him!” The catgirl pried her arms away, her tone exuding an aura of authority. “You’re going to hurt Master!”
“O-Oh, sorry, Master…” the hinezumi stepped away, her mouse ears curving downward. “Do you hate me?
“…” He couldn’t help but let out a chuckle. “No, of course not.” Her mouse ears curved back up in response.
“Isn’t she just adorable?” Amber smiled, patting the hinezumi’s head.
Eryn had to agree. They were all adorable in their own right.
“Well, it’s getting late!” Aiden slapped him on the back. “Perfect timing. It’s about time for us to close, too.”
“I’m going to miss you all three.” Amber felt tears welling up in her eyes. She rubbed the tears away with her finger.
“Don’t worry, we’ll see them again after a week.” Aiden gently squeezed his sister’s shoulder. The siblings had watched over them for years, quite so.
“Thank you… Aiden. Amber.” Eryn bowed his head down.
“Thank you for taking care of us!” The catgirl waved her hand at the siblings, followed by the other two monstergirls.
The siblings gave a bittersweet smile, wishing the best for Eryn and the monstergirls. They waved back.
“I’ll be on my way.” With that parting remark, Eryn turned around and opened the door, box of monstergirls in his arms.
“Oh.” Eryn looked over his shoulder. “Could you two… keep quiet about me being here?” It would be troublesome for him if… others knew about his whereabouts.
“Ah…” Aiden nodded in understanding. “Sure thing, Eryn.”
After Eryn exited through the door, both Aiden and Amber let out a huge sigh of relief.
“I never thought I’d see the day someone adopt them.” Aiden said. “… and to think it would be Eryn.”
“He’s… changed a lot, hasn’t he?” Amber asked. “I almost didn’t recognize him.”
“Yeah…” Aiden leaned on to the counter.

  I wonder what happened to him…

…
..
.
Having exited the shelter, his mind had started to settle down. Looking at the three monstergirls in front of him, reality of his decision was starting to dawn at him.

  I just… adopted three monstergirls.

What was he thinking? What drove him to take this decision? To adopt not one, not two, but three monstergirls?! Not to mention they were all adults! His life would be turned on its head! Did I make a rash decision?!
“I can’t wait to go home, Master!” The catgirl exclaimed cheerfully.
“I’m really… afraid of the rain.” The hinezumi whispered.
The Anubis remained quiet, instead clutching on to his jacket, not wanting to let go.
Seeing these monstergirls, he let out a sigh. A sigh because he didn’t need to berate himself over his decision. All he knew was… he just couldn’t leave them alone.
He placed the box on the ground and removed his scarf from his neck.
“M-Master, a-are you going to leave us?” The hinezumi asked, fear in her voice. “I-I’m sorry if I’ve made you mad!”
“… No, it’s nothing like that.” Eryn wrapped the scarf around their delicate bodies, to keep them warm.
“Oh, this scarf…” The catgirl pressed it against her face. “It’s really… warm.”
The hinezumi and the Anubis cuddled closer to the catgirl, seeking warmth within the scarf.
Eryn picked the box back up. Hopefully, this will keep the warm and safe from the rain.
“Let’s go home.”
…
..
.
After a while, Eryn had finally reached his home. It was in a fairly secluded spot. It was surrounded by a wooden fence, with an entrance leading to the front yard. His home had a fairly spacious yard surrounding it, considering he lived alone.
Unfortunately, since it was still raining, his house had a depressing atmosphere at the moment. Still, the monstergirls seemed to appreciate the view.
“Wow! Is this your home, Master?” The catgirl asked, taking in the new surroundings.
Eryn simply smiled as he approached the door of his house. It wasn’t a crazy big house, but it was decent enough for him. It only had a single story to it, which was enough to accommodate three new members of the family… after some adjustments.
Using one hand, he rummaged around in his pocket and took his key and inserted it inside the keyhole to unlock the door. He walked in and closed the door behind him.
“Welcome home.” Eryn said as he walked to the living room and placed the box down on the carpet.
“Wow!” The hinezumi stepped outside the box, her eyes bubbling with excitement. “Are we really… home?” She ran in circles around Eryn.
“… Indeed.” Eryn tried to give a reassuring smile. “This is your home now.”
“Your home has a carpet!” The catgirl jumped out of the box. “It even has a sofa! I’ve never slept on a carpet before!”
“… Uh.” Eryn titled his head at a curious angle. Surely, they slept on something comfortable before?
“Before we lived in that shelter, we always slept on the cold floor…” The catgirl said, puffing her cheeks out. “It wasn’t nice.”
“Well… I can imagine that.” Eryn hummed. “But… I’m not going to allow you to sleep on the carpet.”
“Huh?” The catgirl’s eyes widened. “We can’t sleep on the carpet?”
“Wouldn’t the bed be better?” Eryn suggested, folding his arms.
“A bed?!” The hinezumi’s eyes sparkled in excitement. “We get to sleep on a bed, Master?!”
“… Of course.” Eryn crouched down, patting the hinezumi’s head. “I want you to have a good life here.”
“Master…” the hinezumi smiled, leaning into his touch.
“That’s no fair, Master!” The catgirl grabbed his other arm. “I want you to rub my head too!”
“... Oh, bother.” Eryn chuckled at her display. He then felt someone tug at his jacket, causing him to gaze downwards.
“… U-Uhm… Master.” The Anubis, who was still in the box, called out shyly.
Ah, she’s been really quiet. Eryn thought. She seemed… hesitant to trust him, if he had to guess.
“It’s okay.” Eryn gently patted her head, reassuring her. “This is your home now.”
“It’s going to be okay!” The catgirl gently held her sister’s hands. “I know Master is a good person!”
The Anubis stared at him for a moment, then slowly her lips curved into a smile. “T-Thank you, Master…”
… Master, huh. Eryn wasn’t very fond of that name. He coughed into his fist, clearing his throat.
“So, uh… I believe we need to introduce ourselves, first.” Eryn said, scratching his cheek awkwardly. He slowly picked up the Anubis and placed her outside the box, then set the box aside. He sat down, crossing his legs in.
“My name is… Eryn.” He placed his hand on his chest. “You… don’t have to call me Master. It feels… odd.”
“O-Oh, okay, Eryn!” The hinezumi raised her hand in understanding.
“Hey! You can’t address our Master so casually!” The catgirl puffed her cheeks out.
“It’s alright.” Eryn chuckled. “I prefer if you called me by my name.”
“O-Oh, alright…” The catgirl rubbed the back of her head awkwardly. “… E-Eryn…”

  It seems she’s not used to referring people by their names…

“Eryn…” The Anubis whispered his name. “I like it… Eryn.”
“… Mhmm.” He smiled sweetly. “So, next thing… do each of you… have names?”
“No, Ma-… Eryn.” The catgirl twiddled with her fingers. “We’ve… never been given names.”
“Huh, really…” Eryn folded his arms in deep thought. This is going to be tough…
“Eryn! Eryn!” The hinezumi raised both of her hands in joy. “Why don’t you give us names?”
“… Me?” Eryn pointed at himself. Me… giving them names?
“Oh!” The catgirl’s eyes sparkled with delight. “That’s a good idea!”
“N-No… there’s no way I could…” Eryn waved his palms to dismiss the idea.
“I would… like that too.” The Anubis calmly agreed, looking at him with big eyes. “If Eryn… could name us.”
“Ehhh….” Eryn averted his gaze, stroking his chin to consider.
The monstergirls crept closer to him, looking at him with eyes filled with expectation.
“Oh, boy…” Eryn let out a defeated sigh. “Let me think…” his eyes rested on the catgirl.
She seemed to be the responsible and level-headed one of the trio. Being the eldest, she had this aura of authority around her. She keeps the hinezumi’s excitement in check, while supporting the Anubis’s shy personality.
“… Iris.” Eryn patted her fluffy hair between her cat ears. “Could I… call you Iris?”
“Iris…” the catgirl whispered the names a few times, letting it roll of her tongue. She beamed brightly at him. “I love it, Eryn!”
His gaze then shifted to the hinezumi, the youngest of the trio. She seems to be the type to act first, think later. Her expression was clear as day, showing her excitement and joy. Not to mention, her red hair and orange eyes reminded him of flames.
“… Melty.” Eryn patted her head next between her mouse ears. “How does Melty sound?”
“Melty!” The hinezumi hopped up in excitement, receiving this new name. “I’m Melty! Yeah!”
“Last but not least…” his gaze shifted to the Anubis, the middle monstergirl. She seemed to be reserved and quiet, having a shy demeanor. Though, her ears and tail hinted at her mood.
“Lofie…” Eryn gently caressed her head. “Is… that alright with you?”
“Lofie…” She looked at him with upturned eyes, smiling. “I like it… a name from Eryn.”
“… Great.” Eryn rested his hands on his knees, looking at each of them.
“Iris, Melty, and Lofie… Welcome to your new home.”
  
    Chapter Text
    One day, I’ve adopted three monstergirls. I’m not sure what led me to take this decision… all I know is that I just couldn’t leave them alone.Eryn took off his mask and windbreaker, then tossed them on to the sofa.“Hum…” Eryn folded his arms, tapping his finger on his left arm. He wasn’t sure what would be the next course of action. I honestly didn’t think I get this far. Perhaps I should refer to the notebook… just as he was considering that…“Uhm, Eryn?” a voice called out shyly, breaking his train of thought.“What is it, Iris?” Eryn bowed his head to look at her.“I’m… really grateful you’ve adopted us and given us a home.” Iris twiddled with her fingers, her eyes darting around the floor. “A-And, I don’t want to sound too selfish…”“Hmmm…?” Eryn titled his head at a curious angle. It seems she wants to ask something…“Do you… have a bathroom?” Iris asked.“… Oh, right!” Eryn slammed his fist into his palm in realization. “You haven’t had your baths yet, have you?”“We h-haven’t…” Iris replied timidly.“It’s okay, Iris.” Eryn patted her head gently to reassure her. “That’s not selfish at all! Baths are necessary, after all.”“Ah… okay!” Iris smiled brightly.“Let me get the bath ready.” Eryn stood up and rolled up his sleeves. Of course, they need their baths. How could I forget?He walked over to his bathroom and opened the door. Guess this big bath will see better use now. He drew the curtains away, revealing a sizable bathtub. He looked into the bathtub and sealed off the drain. Then he turned on the faucet and let the water flow in. He ran his hand over the streaming water and made minor adjustments to the temperature. Hopefully, it’s warm enough for them. He sat on the edge of the bathtub, waiting for it to fill up.“Wow! Your bathtub is huge, Eryn!” Iris exclaimed.“Iris? And Lofie…” Eryn turned his head around and noticed Iris and Lofie standing outside the bathroom. Didn’t expect them to follow me here.“I’ve never seen a bathtub this big before!” Iris’s eyes sparkled with excitement, like that of an innocent child. Well, she is a child, in a way…“Waaah…” Lofie stared in awe. She tugged at her sister’s arm. “Iris! Iris! Let’s take a bath!”Eryn smiled at her eagerness. It contrasted with her usual demeanor. Lofie is awfully expressive…“This bathtub will take a while to fill.” Eryn stood up, putting his hands on his hips. “Could you two… actually, where’s Melty?”“I hate baths…” Melty popped her head in, appearing in view. “I don’t want to take baths!”“Melty!” Iris folded her arms, clearly displeased with her. “It’s not good to skip baths!”“But I don’t wanna!” Melty huffed.“Eryn will kick you out.” Lofie cut in, in a deadpanned tone. “Bad Melty.”“H-Hehh?!” Fear set in to Melty’s eyes. Her ears began trembling. “B-But…!”I didn’t realize Lofie’s got a sharp tongue… it’s always the quiet ones, huh? Eryn hummed. Well, surely Melty understands she’s joking–Melty frantically ran to Eryn and hugged him. “Please don’t kick me out, Eryn!” Tears began welling up in her eyes. “But I hate baths! They’re scary!”Or not… Eryn stroked her red hair. Does she hate baths because she’s… a fire monster? He recalled Aiden saying she was some kind of fire mouse. She was also afraid of the rain, now that he thought about it.“Iris, has Melty always hated baths…?” Eryn asked while stroking the hinezumi’s head to calm her down.“Well, we were always tossed in to the bathtub… and the water was mostly cold.” Iris answered. “But the last shelter was really nice! Sometimes, they had warm water! But Melty always tried to skip her baths.”Just what shelters were they put in before? Eryn thought. It deeply concerned him.“Don’t worry, Melty.” Eryn crouched down and looked into her eyes. “Baths are totally safe.”“Really…?” Melty sniffed, rubbing her tears away.“I promise.” Eryn smiled, conveying a tone of seriousness.“O-Okay…” Melty nodded weakly. “I think I can be brave… if you’re here with me, Eryn.”“… Eh?” Eryn blinked twice, cocking his head at an angle.“I d-don’t know if I can do it alone.” Melty twiddled with her fingers nervously.“W-Well, you can depend on Iris and Lofie. You can take a bath together with them.” Eryn chuckled awkwardly.“No!” Melty exclaimed, fuming at her two elder sisters. “They always splash water on me!”“Oh, really?” Eryn shifted his gaze to Iris and Lofie. Would they really do something like that? “Is… that true?”“Ah…?” Iris averted her gaze, unable to look at him straight in the eyes. “I w-wonder…?”Lofie took cover behind Iris, peeking through her shoulder. “… Maybe.”“… Haha, I see.” Eryn couldn’t help but a crack smile. It seems even the responsible Iris was prone to a little lying. He supposed that was them playing around, but Melty might have understood it differently.“… Okay, Melty. I’ll help you take a bath.” Eryn said. “There’s nothing to worry about.”“… R-Really?” Melty’s face lightened up. “You will?”“Yep.” Eryn nodded, then he stood up. “How about you two?”“We’re okay!” Iris raised her hand up, also in Lofie’s place. “We can take a bath ourselves!”“… Alright then.” Eryn stepped out of the bathroom. Ah, I guess they’ll need a fresh change of clothes, won’t they? Eryn glanced at the clothes they were wearing. They were simple gray shirts and pants, probably belonged to the shelter.“Wait here. I’m going to grab a change of clothes.”“Okay!” Iris replied.Eryn jogged to his room and opened up his wardrobe. Now, where are my old clothes? He’d kept most of his clothes, even the clothes he wore when he was younger. Obviously, his current clothes might be too big for them.No, actually, what about my sister? They’re probably a better fit. Eryn closed his wardrobe and moved to his sister’s room, or at least the room she used to live in before. She wouldn’t mind, would she?He opened up the drawers, searching for her smaller clothes. Bingo! He found them!Good news: conveniently, there were three pajamas, right about the monstergirls’ sizes.Bad news: they were the only clothes that could fit them.I guess I’ll have to lend my clothes, eventually. He’d think about that later. Maybe he could call his sister? It’s been a while…He took the clothes and closed the drawer. He jogged back to the bathroom and saw Iris and Lofie had taken their clothes off already.“Eryn, the bathtub is almost full!” Iris pointed at the bathtub, water nearly reaching the top.“Oh!” Eryn quickly walked to the bathtub and turned off the faucet. That was close.“Well, are you two ready to jump in?” Eryn asked with a smile.“Yeah!” Both Iris and Lofie raised their fists together.“Alright then!” Eryn lifted Iris by under her arms and slowly placed her in the bathtub. “In you go, Iris.”“Wow, the water’s so warm!” Iris began moving around.After Iris, Eryn then lifted Lofie up and slowly placed her in the bathtub. “Now, Lofie.”“Wah…” Lofie wiggled her head around. “It’s so comfy…”Eryn pointed at the soap and shampoo at the corner of the bathtub. “Feel free to use those.”“Okay!” Iris flapped her arms, splashing water around. “Lofie, let’s play!”“… Yeah!” Lofie spun around, splashing water around herself. Some of it got on Eryn’s pants.They sure love their bath time. Eryn could understand why Melty wouldn’t want to get in the bath with them.“Alright, Melty.” Eryn turned to her. “I’ll help you take a bath.”“Are you going to put me in with them?” Melty asked, a bit shaken.“Haha, no.” Eryn shook her head. “Come, sit here. I’ll help you.”Eryn sat on the edge of the bathtub, taking a short stool and placing it in front of him. He patted the stool, motioning for Melty to sit on it.Melty took off her clothes and sat on the stool, facing away from Eryn.“I’m going to wash your hair, Melty.” Eryn held the shower in his hand, aiming it at her red hair. “Is that okay?”“… Okay, Eryn.” Melty nodded, still feeling reluctant.Eryn turned on the shower, water streaming towards her red hair.“Eeep!” As soon as the water touched her hair, Melty flinched forward, almost falling off the stool.“D-Does it hurt, Melty?” Eryn turned the shower away quickly.“N-No, it just surprised me.” Melty adjusted back to her seat.“I see… I’ll continue, okay?” Eryn slowly turned the shower towards her hair. He aimed the shower around, doing his best to wet her hair completely.“It’s… really warm.” Melty said softly. “I’ve never taken a bath like this.”“Huh, really?” Eryn raised an eyebrow. “Well, I hope it’s not too bad.” He continued showering her hair while carefully wetting her ears. He made an interesting observation as he was washing her hair… they don’t have human ears, it’s so odd to see nothing here.“Okay, could you close your eyes?” Eryn placed the shower down. He then took a shampoo bottle and dispensed the liquid into his hand. He rubbed his hands together vigorously. “I’m going to put some shampoo into your hair.”“… O-Okay.” Melty closed her eyes as she was told. Soon, she felt his hands rubbing all over her red hair. “Is it because shampoo is dangerous if it gets into my eyes?”“Right, right.”Her hair’s surprisingly soft, too. He gently rubbed her hair all over, running his fingers through her strands of hair at the back. Eventually, her hair was covered in white foam.“All right, now for soap.” Eryn briefly used the shower to wash his hands. He then took a soap bottle and dispensed the liquid into his hand. Once again, he rubbed his hands together vigorously. “I’m going to apply soap to your back now.”“Okay.” Melty nodded.Eryn gently pressed his hands against her back. Her skin’s… really smooth and soft, huh? With careful pressure, he moved his hands up and down her back, then moved up towards her shoulders to her arms… Hmmm, her tail…His gaze was fixated on her black, smooth tail. Much like the lack of human ears, the existence of a tail was very unsettling to him.“Er, Melty…” Eryn called out, unsure. “Should I… uh, could I touch your tail?”“It’s okay!” Melty’s tail rose up in response, as if giving him permission.“O-Oh, all right.” Eryn gently wrapped his fingers around her tail. It’s… soft, too… like her skin, but fluffy as well. He moved his hands up and down the entire length of her tail.“It feels really nice, Eryn.” Melty looked over her shoulder. “Your hands are really nice!”“That’s… good to hear.” Eryn sighed in relief. I thought I might have used too much force. He then handed the soap bottle to her. “Could you use the soap for your front?”“Okay!” Melty took the soap bottle, dispensed a lot more soap than she needed, then rubbed it all over herself, from her chest down to her legs.“That’s good.” Eryn patted her head. After applying the soap, he took the shower in his hands. “I’m going to wash you now.”Eryn turned on the shower and began rinsing from the top of her head down to her back.“This is kind of fun!” Melty giggled, turning her head around.“Easy there.” Eryn chuckled, having finished rinsing her back. “Try to wash yourself with this.” He handed the shower to her.“Okay!” Melty took the shower and tried to aim it at herself, but accidentally shot the streams of water over her head…“Ah, Eryn!” Melty turned around and gasped as she realized she just soaked Eryn in water. “I’m sorry!”“Well, this is something…” Eryn’s shirt was soaked with water. He wiped the water off his face with his forearm and drew his forelock back. He then let out a laugh. “You know, I needed a bath too.”“Oh, hehehe!” Melty giggled sweetly. Eryn continued helping her to rinse her entire body.“And done!” Eryn turned off the shower. “Now, that wasn’t so bad, wasn’t it?”“It was great!” Melty raised her hands in joy. “If Eryn is with me, I don’t think I’ll ever be afraid of baths!”“Haha…” Eryn’s lips curved into a smile. There was something… nice about this moment.“Eryn…” a little hand poked his back multiple times.“Iris?” Eryn turned his head around.“I know I said I could take a bath by myself…” Iris puffed her cheeks out. “B-But I want you to wash me too!”“Eh?” Eryn raised an eyebrow.“M-Me too…” Lofie looked at him with upturned eyes. “It’s not fair if it’s only Melty.”“Hohoho!” Melty gave a haughty laugh, which took Eryn by surprise. “It’s fair! You two can bath by yourselves while I can’t!”I didn’t know she can laugh like that. Eryn chuckled. And that’s not… something to be proud of, isn’t it?“You two seem to be done with your bathing. I don’t think it will make much difference if I…”“Oh…” Hearing that, both Iris and Lofie’s ears dropped down.“Uh…” A tinge of guilt appeared in his heart as he watched their expressions grow dark. “H-How about the next time you take a bath?”Both Iris’s and Lofie’s eyes lighted up. They grinned at each other. “Okay! Next time!”Soon, Iris and Lofie finished with their baths. Eryn then helped them off the bathtubs and removed the seal from the water drain.Eryn took a towel from the top of his washing machine. He had only one towel here at the moment. I should keep more towels here. Now that he wasn’t living alone, he’d have to be mindful of this.“Come here, Iris.” Eryn motioned for her to come over. She stood in front of him. He crouched down and wrapped the towel around her little body and gently wiped her body all over.“Hehe, it feels like a massage!” Iris giggled.“Really now?” Eryn mused.After making sure she’s dried, he moved on to Lofie, then to Melty.“And now here’s your new change of clothes.” Eryn grabbed the clothes he took from his sister’s room and handed them over to each of them. “I’m sorry I don’t have any better ones. I’ll make sure to buy–”“Waah!!” The monstergirls’ eyes sparkled with delight as they held on to their new clothes.“Thank you, Eryn!” Iris exclaimed. “I’ve never tried on new clothes before!”“New clothes from Eryn…” Lofie hugged the clothes close to her chest. “… Thank you.”“I’m going to put it on!” Melty said excitedly.And my worries were for naught… Eryn sighed in relief.The monstergirls put on their new pajamas. The pajamas fitted them perfectly, much to Eryn’s satisfaction. Iris wore a light blue one, Lofie a light green one, while Melty a light orange one.“These new clothes are so comfy…” Lofie gazed down at herself. “It makes me feel sleepy…”Seeing her sleepy face reminded him of one thing. Ah, I should probably introduce them to their bedroom.“Well, let’s check out the bedroom, shall we?” Eryn said. “I’m sure you would love to know where you’ll be sleeping from now on.”“Oh! Oh! I wanna see!” Melty hopped up and down, unable to contain her excitement.“Me too!” Iris raised her hand.Eryn found their smiles to be too infectious. “Follow me.”And so, Eryn guided them to the bedroom, which was actually his room. He opened the door and turned on the lights, revealing the bed. The bed was wide enough to fit in three children, or three adult monstergirls at least.“Wahh, is this our new bed?” Melty’s eyes sparkled with such an intensity. “Can I, Eryn?!” She looked at him with pleading eyes.“… Of course.” Eryn nodded. “Go ahead.”“Yay!” Melty charged against the bed and jumped on it, bouncing a few times. “It’s so soft!”“I wanna try, I wanna try!” Lofie followed after her and leapt towards the bed. “Wahhhh, it’s so comfy…”“Thank you, Eryn…” Iris hugged him, wrapping her arms around his waist tightly. “You’ve been so kind to us…” Tears began welling up in her eyes.“Hey, now.” Eryn gently caressed her hair. “This is your home now. You deserve this.”Iris rubbed her tears away with her hands. Eryn guessed they’ve been through a lot of terrible shelters… and maybe even terrible owners. Just imagining that made his blood boil… a little.
  They deserve the best.
Eryn carried her in his arms, stroking her back to calm her down. “There, there…” he whispered. He walked to the bed and sat on it.“This room smells like you, Eryn.” Melty said, sniffing the air around. “It makes me feel safe!”“Oh… I see…” Eryn nodded awkwardly. That was an interesting compliment, to say the least.“I like Eryn’s scent…” Iris whispered, nuzzling her head on to his chest. Her eyes seemed rather heavy now.Being monstergirls, he guessed they had sharper senses compared to the average human. Maybe scent was an important thing?“… Let’s get you to bed, shall we…” Eryn gently placed her down on the bed.“… Lofie?” he glanced at the Anubis, who seemed to have hit the sack already. She must have been quite tired.“I’ve never seen her fall asleep this fast.” Iris said. “She trusts you a lot. I’m sure of it!”“I see…” Eryn hoped that was the case. He hoped he could prove a reliable and capable owner to them.He walked over to Lofie’s side of the bed and gently caressed her head. He gently lifted her head up, careful not to wake her, and slid a pillow under her head. That’s better.“Eryn, where will you sleep?” Iris asked.“Oh, I’m going to sleep on the couch.” Eryn replied nonchalantly. Good ol’ trusty couch…“You’re not going to sleep here?” Melty asked in a concerned tone.“It’s fine. This is your bed now.” Eryn smiled, patting her head. “This is where you’ll be sleeping from now on.” Also, I think it might be a bit too cramped for the four of us…“But is it okay, Eryn?” Iris looked downwards. “This is your bed…”“It’s okay. Don’t worry about it.” Eryn stood up, stretching his arms outwards. “Let’s get you two to bed. I’m sure it’s been a long day.”After laying out the blanket over their bodies and turning on the AC, he tucked them in. “Are the pillows comfortable enough?”“Yeah! They’re really fluffy!” Iris answered, snuggling her head against the pillow.Eryn hummed in approval. “Well, I’m going to turn off the lights now.” He turned around, about to walk the to the doorway, but felt someone tug his shirt.“Eryn…” Melty whispered. “You’re… not going to leave us, right?”She’s… really worried about that, huh. He wondered if she faced a lot of abandonment in the past.Eryn sat down beside her, gently holding her fingers. “I’ll be on the couch in the other room. Don’t worry.”“Could you… stay here until I fall asleep?” Melty asked shyly.“Melty…” Eryn smiled softly, caressing her hair. Seeing her like this, it reminded him of his younger days. “Sure.”Eryn rested his back to the headboard as he watched over the monstergirls. Melty was holding on to Eryn’s hand tightly as she slept.He let out a faint sigh, his mind starting to settle down once more. He’s gotten to know a bit more about these monstergirls, about what they might have been through.
  I can’t imagine the pain and struggles they must have gone through…
Was he ready to bear the responsibility of raising them? Honestly, I’m not sure if I have it in myself.Was he going to leave them? Hell no, I don’t want to leave them alone.Looking over the monstergirls’ sleepy and relaxed faces, hearing their faint breathings, he could feel his heart swell up a little. It was oddly… soothing. A sensation that made him feel… alive. A sensation he hadn’t felt in a long time.He may have just met them today, but they deserved to have a home, to have a family…To be happy.
  Against my better judgement, I have adopted three monstergirls.

  But I want to make them happy.
He soon felt Melty’s grip around his hand lessen, hinting that she may already be fast asleep. Carefully, he slipped his fingers away and moved away from the bed.
  Sweet dreams, Iris. Melty. Lofie.
And with that, he turned off the lights and slowly closed the door.He made way to his couch and threw his body on it. The trusty ol’ couch I know and love since I was a child. He’d slept on it a few times, and it was surprisingly comfortable. He was too tired to change his clothes, he’d figure he’d change them after he woke up. Attached to the seat were extra cushions which could be brought up to increase the seat cushion area, so he did just that.Taking care of them sure took a lot out of me. It wasn’t something he expected, yet he knew he had to prepare himself. In a way, it felt fulfilling… he couldn’t really describe it. Starting today, he would be living with three monstergirls… a new family. This is a lot to think about…Though he wasn’t feeling tired yet. So, he whipped out his phone and began scrolling through random social media posts… until his eyes felt heavy, bringing him into a slumber.
  A few hours later…
…...“Mhmm…” Shifting around, Lofie slowly opened her eyes and raised her upper body up. “E-Eryn…?” Being shrouded in an unfamiliar darkness right after opening her eyes made her terrified. “Eryn? Eryn!?”Her loud voice woke up both Iris and Melty as well.“… Lofie?” Iris opened up her eyes and yawned. She turned her head to look at Lofie.“Where is Eryn?” Lofie frantically looked around in a panic. Nervousness and fear began setting in to her body, not being able to sense Eryn nearby.“He’s sleeping on the couch.” Melty answered, rubbing her eyes.Lofie got off the bed, taking her pillow with her. She walked to the door and pulled on the handle to open it.“Lofie?” Iris called out. “Where are you going?”“Eryn…” was all she answered before disappearing from the room.“I wanna see Eryn too!” Melty grabbed her pillow and dashed out the door.“Melty, wait for me!” Iris took her pillow and followed suit.After Iris and Melty reached the living room where Eryn was, they saw Lofie already sound asleep, lying on top of him against the couch’s back pillows.“She’s already fast asleep.” Melty whispered into Iris’s ear.“Yeah…” Iris nodded.“I wanna sleep with Eryn too…” Hugging her pillow, Melty got on the couch and rested her head on his other arm. She snuggled closer to him.Iris felt conflicted inside. She didn’t want to disturb Eryn, seeing as how he provided them a marvelous bedroom, something they’ve never gotten in the past. But seeing as how her two sisters were sleeping in pure bliss…“Me too…” Iris climbed on to the couch, tucking her head under his chin and lying down. She could feel his beating heart, and it was soothing to her senses.Being near with him, added with his natural scent, made them all feel safe and calm.And thus, a peaceful night descended over them.Little did Eryn know, this was just the beginning of his life...
  
    Chapter Text
    “Mhmmm…”A brand new day had settled. The Sun shone its magnificent rays through the windows of a house, landing on the face–more accurately, the eyes–of our unfortunate protagonist.He slowly opened his eyes, blinking a few times to clear his hazy vision. He let out a deep and long breath.Morning already…? When did I fall asleep? He apparently didn’t realize he passed out sooner than he expected.Ah, it won’t hurt to sleep a little longer. Giving in to his sleepiness, he closed his eyes once more, ready to drift into slumber.My body… really feels heavy. Quite heavy. Did he not sleep enough? Did he completely exhaust himself somehow? It feels so… unnaturally heavy. Maybe I do need to sleep more.He attempted to shift his body but was unable to move even a single muscle. Huh…? As he regained his consciousness, he could feel a considerable weight on his left arm, right arm, and his chest.It’s like… someone’s pushing me down. He tried to wiggle his body around, to no avail. Am I… experiencing sleep paralysis?! Yeah, right…He tried craning his head up and felt something… fluffy under his chin. What’s this… soft sensation? It felt familiar to him, as if he felt this quite recently. He could feel someone faintly breathing against him.He moved his head around to get a better view, and his eyes immediately widened at the sight. What the… He looked to his left, then to his right… and finally understood the cause of this considerable weight on his body.The monstergirls were sleeping with him. Iris was on top of him, Melty was on his left while Lofie was on his right. He was reminded that… right, I adopted three monstergirls.W-When did they crawl into the couch?! Surely, if three people tried to sleep with him, he would have at least woken up. Man, I must have passed out real bad.Eryn let out a sigh. He was pondering how to get out of this mess. He considered waking them up, but looking at their peaceful, sleeping faces, he didn’t have the heart to do it. I can’t… disturb them. They probably haven’t had a decent sleep in a long while.His eyes shot open with determination. Alright, engaging stealth mode! With meticulous movements, he carefully pulled his arms from under Melty’s and Lofie’s body. Then, with his free arms, he gently hugged Iris close to his chest and raised his body. So far, so good.He slowly inched himself back to sit on the armrest. Slowly, he laid down Iris’s body…“Mhmm…” In her sleep, Iris gripped on to Eryn’s clothes, preventing his escape.Uh, oh… well, he didn’t expect to get into this predicament. Please let go, Iris… he carefully pried her hands away and slipped away from the couch.Success! He pumped his fists up in victory. Man, my arms feel kinda numb… What a way to start the day, he thought. Now, what’s next…He observed the sleeping monstergirls for a moment. Right… breakfast. That was the next thing he had to be mindful about. When they wake up, they would surely be hungry. He didn’t know what monstergirls would eat. Do they eat food like humans do? They… wouldn’t eat human flesh, would they? He gulped at the thought, hoping it was not the case.He dug his hands into his windbreaker’s pocket to take the notebook. He flipped it open, trying to find if there was any relevant information about the monstergirls’ diet. Sure enough, it was noted down in pristine detail. Thank you, Aiden, Amber.According to the notes, the diet varies from monstergirl to monstergirl. Not everyone would share the same diet. However, it seems human food is safe for monstergirls’ consumption. Makes sense… they are humans, in a way.Next, he looked over the specifics for each of the monstergirl. Both Iris and Lofie seemed to be light eaters, while Melty seemed to eat a lot. All of them have preferences towards meat products. They can eat fruits and vegetables, and they each have their own preferences. As for sweets, Iris seems to like cake a lot. Melty and Lofie have never had any sweets. That’s interesting to hear… I should introduce them to the world of sweets some time.There was an extra note left at the end of the page that read…
  “The meals at Mon-Mon-Con have a lot of good deals! Saves us the trouble of starting from zero.” - Amber
Mon-Mon-Con… that’s the name of a common convenience store found around town, meant to accommodate monstergirls’ needs. I should check that out.He glanced at the clock, seeing that it was… 6:07 AM. It’s early enough. With a plan in mind, he took a new change of clothes from his room and took a quick bath. Keys, wallet, and phone: check. He put on his windbreaker, ready to begin the day, and exited his house……...At Mon-Mon-Con…He jogged to the nearest convenience store, following the directions on his phone. Luckily, it was a seven-minute walk, so he appreciated the exercise and distance. He had never been to one of these stores, seeing as he had nothing to do with monstergirls before. Standing in front of the entrance, the store was pretty massive, different from the stores meant for humans.As he approached the entrance, the doors slid open automatically. Oh, it has a sensor? Neat. After he entered through, his eyes were met with a grand sight of items and products displayed all over as far as his eyes could see. Rows and rows of items in freezers and glass displays could be seen from where he was standing.What also caught his eyes were the variety of monstergirls he was seeing. Horns, wings, those tails… are those spider legs? It’s like he walked into a different world. If he didn’t believe his eyes, he’d think he walked into a cosplay convention.“Excuse me, sir, do you need assistance?” a gentle and caring voice called out.“… Huh?” Eryn turned his head to the voice. His eyes widened at the person before him. Wow, she’s tall! She had long, silver hair, flowing down to her back, with narrow, green eyes that seemed to pierce through his very soul. Her pointy ears cutely stuck out through her hair. She seemed to be a wearing a blue and white uniform representing Mon-Mon-Con. As his gaze shifted downwards towards her waist, the sight left him paralyzed from his neck down to his legs. Those weren’t human legs he was seeing… they belonged to a horse. “… Sir?” she called out again.“…” her voice fell on deaf ears as his mind was still processing what he was currently seeing. She… she’s…“… I’m sorry. Would you like me to find you a human assistant?” She asked, with a hint of sadness in her voice. She slowly turned her body around…Huh?! Hearing her say that snapped him from his trance-like state. Regaining control, he frantically waved his hands around. “N-No! No! That won’t be necessary!”“Oh… very well then.” She let out a faint sigh of relief, smiling at him.“It’s just…” Eryn averted his gaze, scratching his cheek awkwardly. “It’s my first time seeing a centaur… up close.”Centaurs-Monstergirls with the upper body of a human and lower body of a horse. Eryn had never interacted with one before.“Oh, I see...” The centaur ran a hand through her long hair. “I apologize for frightening you.”“N-No, it’s fine.” Eryn laughed awkwardly. I didn’t know monstergirls could have jobs. That was news to him. “Y-You asked if I needed any assistance, yes?”“Yes, sir.” She nodded.“I… suppose I need it.” Eryn rubbed her neck nervously. “You see… this is my first time coming here.”“I see!” The centaur gave a warm smile. “Do you need help getting around?”“Ah, I guess?” Eryn nodded. “Do you know where’s the… uh, food section for monstergirls?”The centaur’s face beamed brightly, as if she was waiting for this very moment. “Right this way, sir!” She turned around and walked to one of the sections.The… horse part of her is massive. Of course, horses were pretty big creatures, it was just surreal to see a girl’s body attached to it. Eryn thought as he followed her. A frilly white cloth with a blue trim at the ends was draped over the entire white horse part of her. It’s like a horse skirt…“Here we are, sir! We have a fine selection over here!” The centaur waved her hand towards the food items placed on the shelf. “There are even some discounts.”“H-Huh?!” Her voice snapped Eryn out of his stare. “Wow…” Eryn’s eyes scanned the shelf from top to bottom. There was a colorful variety of food for monstergirls. And I thought human diet was complicated… he stood in front of the shelf, stroking his chin in deep thought. I have no idea what to choose!“You seem to be troubled, sir…” the centaur said in a concerned tone.“Ah, well…” Eryn folded his arms. “There’s just… a lot to choose from…”“I might be able to make some recommendations if you’d like to describe what you have in mind.” She suggested.“Mhmm… to be honest.” Eryn averted her gaze, a faint red growing on his cheeks. There was this friendly and familiar aura around her that just made it easy to talk with her. “I recently adopted three monstergirls…”“Oh.” Her eyes widened in delight. “That’s lovely to hear, sir.”“They’re… a cat, a hinezumi, and an Anubis.” Eryn continued.The centaur folded her arms and drew her chin back for a moment, pondering her mind. “No problem, sir! I can recommend these meals. They’re currently discounted, too!” She pointed to several items based on the monstergirls he mentioned. They were meals that the three of them could eat. That’ll save a lot of time.“If you prefer something more specific…” she pointed to three different items, each having a different color for its packaging. “These will do, too. They cater to each of the monstergirls’ diets.”“That’s nice.” Eryn smiled. This is very convenient. I suppose I could adapt to these meals… Eryn himself made simple meals since he lived alone. On weekends, he likes to treat himself to some delicious, instant food. Though with the monstergirls here, he would have to expand his skills of cooking more kinds of food.He proceeded to take a handful of the meals the centaur recommended. The amount would last for a week. For what it is worth, he believed the price was fair enough. It’s not like I’ll need to use my money for anything else… for the monstergirls, he’d buy it in a heartbeat.“Let me help you to the cashier.” The centaur said, carrying some of his items.“Oh, thank you.” Eryn nodded and followed her to the cashier.After paying for his items and putting them in his own bag, he turned to the centaur and bowed down at the waist.“Thank you so much, miss.” He raised his head. “I don’t think I’d get through this without your help.”“You’re very welcome, sir!” the centaur blushed slightly, clasping her hands together.“Well, then…” Eryn turned towards the exit. As he walked away, he smiled and waved at the centaur.“Good luck... Eryn.”Eryn froze outside the store. He turned his head around to see her, but the centaur was already out of his view. Did… she just say my name? I swear I just heard my name. Huh… he shrugged it off and began walking towards his house, chalking it to his imagination.…...After a good walk, he finally reached the door of his house. He inserted the key inside and pushed the door open. As soon as he stepped inside, an unsettling scent passed through his nose. A scent that shouldn’t be here. It smelled like something was…
  … burning.
Is that… smoke? Eryn raised an eyebrow. Did I leave the stove on? He didn’t remember if he did. My sister tends to leave the stove on when she lived with me. He locked the door behind him and–“ERYN! ERYN!” Iris shouted out, running towards him at full speed with Lofie.“Iris…? Lofie…?” Eryn dropped the bag of items down to the ground. He smiled at them. “I see you two are already awa-”“It’s Melty!” she grabbed on to his arm. “She’s burning!”“… Huh?” Eryn blinked a few times, in disbelief at what he just heard. She’s… burning?Soon, the smoke was visible, travelling through the air. Eryn noticed the smoke… and the color immediately left his face as the realization of what was happening hit him like a truck.“MELTY!” Heart beating fast, he willed power into his legs and dashed towards the living room at an incredible rate he didn’t believe was possible. The smoke became even more hazy and clouded as he got closer. He reached the living room…“W-What the?!” The sight before him shocked him to the core. Before his very eyes, the couch was writhing in flames, burning with a deadly intensity… and in the center of it was Melty, who was crying violently.“WAAAAHH!” Melty cried out, her entire body covered in flames.“Melty!” Acting on instinct, Eryn reached out his hand towards her, but immediately pulled it back, wincing in pain due to the searing heat. “Ouch!” It’s crazy hot!“Eryn!” Iris called out, running to him with Lofie.“Iris, don’t come any closer!” Fearing for their safety, Eryn shouted at the top of his lungs, surprising both Iris and Lofie. “Take Lofie and stay back! Don’t breathe in the smoke!”Iris grabbed Lofie’s hand and distanced themselves away from the flames.Damn it! What do I do?! Coming to his home in flames was not on his agenda!“WAAAHHH, ERYN!” Melty’s cries broke through the flames.“… Melty!” Right, I need to act quick! Gotta save Melty! He didn’t know how this happened, but he’d figure this later! Melty needs me! His heart could leap out of his chest at any moment.Right now, the fire was only burning the couch. It hadn’t spread to the carpet or the walls… yet. It’s only a matter of time. The source of the flames seemed to be coming from… Melty? That’s what his observation was telling him. How is that even…Eryn made a beeline to the bathroom and took a big bucket, filling it with water. After filling it, he dashed back to the living room with the bucket. It’s only a hunch, but… forgive me, Melty!Using the bucket, he splashed it over the couch, aiming it at Melty mostly. The water extinguished her flames, and soon the surrounding flames began to die down. Miraculously, her body was completely untouched by the water. Taking off his jacket, Eryn stepped over the smaller flames and vanquished the rest with his jacket.“Eryyyyyn!” Crying with reckless abandon, Melty ran over to Eryn.“Melty!” Dropping to his knees, he spread his arms apart and Melty jumped into his embrace. “Are you okay? Are you hurt?!”“Eryyyn…!” Melty wailed heavily into his chest, soaking his shirt with her tears. Her body’s temperature was reaching extremely high levels, up to the point Eryn could feel burning sensations as he made contact with her skin. In spite of all that, he couldn’t care less. He gritted his teeth and bared the pain, tightening her arms around Melty. Calming Melty down was his top priority.“It’s okay, Melty… it’s okay.” Eryn whispered, stroking the back of her head to comfort her. “I’m here now. Everything’s okay.”“Urhk…!” Her sniffles and coughs could be heard between her sobs. He continued stroking her hair, glad that she’s right here in his arms. After a moment, the temperature around her began cooling down.He let out a long sigh of relief, his nerves calming down. Thank God… it seems she’s okay. His eyes drifted to the couch… or at least what was remaining of it. The couch was mostly black and disfigured, having been burnt to ash. My trusty couch… he was admittedly sad to lose his valuable couch, but he’d take Melty over the couch any day.“I’m… sorry…” Melty sobbed softly, her tears slowing down.“It’s okay, Melty.” Eryn patted her back gently as he cooed. “It’s okay.”Iris and Lofie walked up to her sister, visibly worried for her condition.Eryn glanced at them. “Iris, what… happened?”“I d-don’t know, Eryn...” Iris bowed her head down, clenching the hem of her dress. Her body was trembling.“I’ve never seen this happen before…” Lofie answered, her body trembling as well.First time, huh… he guessed it never happened at Aiden and Amber’s shelter. But maybe before that…Noticing their trembling bodies, Eryn stretched his arm out. “Come here, you two.”The catgirl and Anubis moved into his embrace, feeling a sense of safety wash over them. Eventually, their trembling bodies subsided.“You must have been afraid…” Eryn whispered, angry at himself. “I’m so sorry…”A moment of silence passed. He embraced them, trying to reassure them and also himself. What would have happened if he came home later? Hell, what if he didn’t go out instead? He despised himself for allowing them to go through such a thing.“Melty…” Eryn whispered. “Do you… know what happened?”“I… don’t know, Eryn.” Melty rubbed her tears away, her crying coming to a halt. “W-When I woke up, I didn’t see you.” She sniffed. “I got… really scared. I thought you…”“I see…” Eryn sighed at himself. “It’s okay. I would never leave you, Melty. I’m always here for you.”“Mhmm…” Melty buried her head in his chest.Eryn pulled his arms away and forced a smile. “Well, I’m glad all of you are safe.” He turned to the burnt couch. “I’m… going to clean this up first, alright?” Standing up, he observed the situation around him. “Iris, Lofie… could you help Melty to the bathroom? Help clean her up?”“Okay, Eryn.” Iris nodded, then gently held Melty’s hand while Lofie held the other. They walked her to the bathroom.“…Fuaaah…” After they were out of his sight, he let out a long, depressed sigh. First, he opened the windows to let out the smoke. He took a broom and dustpan and began sweeping the burnt remains. I’ll miss this couch… it was the best couch he ever had, too. After sweeping the remains, he threw them in the trash. That’s better for now. He’d throw this mess of a couch later. He went to the dining table, pulled out a chair and sat down, clawing his face with his hands. He could still feel the burns on his hands and cheeks from hugging Melty.What a way to start the day, huh? It was only the second day, and it was already overwhelming him… last time he felt like this was facing his high school exams.No, I can’t lose face now. I should have known what I was getting myself into. Right now, he wanted to be strong, he needed to be strong… for the monstergirls.Eryn opened up the notebook and placed it on the table. He flipped through the pages till he found details pertaining to the hinezumi. It wasn’t already obvious to him, this incident should have cleared up any doubts about her being a… fire mouse. His eyes began scanning the lines of words…
  “Being a hinezumi, she has a lot of energy and gets overly excited. Much like a fire, she’s brimming with energy.”
I see… that kinda makes sense. Eryn nodded.
  “We often take her on daily walks to keep her distracted. Maybe she’d enjoy physical activities?”
Hmmm… judging by this, it seemed Aiden and Amber weren't aware of her being able to cause fires. Very lucky for them. One of the things Aiden said flashed through his mind when he adopted them, namely that…
  “And well… bonding with an adult monstergirl, especially if you’re new to this… it comes with serious risks.”
Was this… one of the risks? Since he adopted Melty, she seemed to have a fear of being abandoned, being left alone. I wonder… did she cause this fire because she thought Eryn left her? Did she lose control of her emotions, and in turn, lose control of the fire? These were all just his assumptions, and he wasn’t going to try proving this. I can’t risk another accident.I think… I need to show Melty she can trust me. That was his first step. Now, how he was going to go about this… he was still thinking.“Eryn…” a low voice called out.“Mhmm…?” Eryn shifted his attention away from the book to the voice. He saw Iris and Lofie supporting Melty from her sides. Melty’s cheeks were puffy, with her eyes appearing slightly red. Awww, Melty… he walked up to them and crouched down, facing Melty. “How are you feeling, Melty?”“Better…” Melty replied, sniffing.“That’s good to hear.” Eryn smiled, caressing her head.“I’m… sorry for ruining your couch…” Melty averted her eyes.“Melty…” Eryn shook his head. Honestly, he missed his couch already, but… “It’s okay. I’m just glad you’re safe.”“You… don’t hate me?” Melty asked. “You won’t… kick me out?”“Melty…” he pressed his forehead against her own. “Of course not. I could never do something like that…”“…” Melty cast her gaze downwards, unsure of what to say or do next.Soon, a strange, rumbling sound followed, causing everyone to look at… Lofie.“… Oh.” Lofie put her hands over her stomach. Her cheeks were dyed red, probably from embarrassment.“Ah, right…” Eryn stood up, trying to change the mood. “You all haven’t had breakfast yet.”“Oh, breakfast!” With such innocence, Lofie’s eyes sparkled with excitement.“I’m sorry, Eryn…” Iris scratched her cheek awkwardly. “We don’t know how to make food…”“Haha, don’t worry about it.” Eryn chuckled. “I’ll fix us something up.”He walked to the kitchen and prepared a pan for frying. What should I make… to be honest, the fire incident took a lot out of him, and he just wasn’t in the right mood to try out the new meals he bought for them. Since they can eat like humans, I don’t think I have to worry about it for now…He opened up the refrigerator and took three eggs and several slices of bread. He was a simple man in the ways of the kitchen.“Are you all okay with eggs and bread for breakfast?”“Yeah!” Both Iris and Lofie answered in unison while Melty simply nodded.“Alright!” Eryn rolled up the sleeves of his shirt. “Let’s get cooking!”He turned on the stove to a low flame and set two pans on top of it. One pan would be used for frying the eggs, while the other would be used to toast the bread. He poured oil into the pan that will be used for the eggs, and he let it heat up for a while.Eryn and Lofie walked up to him, trying to take a peek at the stove. They seemed to be watching in admiration.“Don’t stand too close, you two.” Eryn patted both their heads and gently urged them away. “Why don’t you wait at the dining table?”“Can I help you with anything, Eryn?” Iris asked in a curious tone, her tail wagging from side to side.“Uh…” Eryn hummed in deep thought. He didn’t really want them to bother themselves.“I want… to help, too.” Lofie said, tugging on the hem of his shirt.Don’t give me those puppy eyes… Eryn sighed in defeat. Still, he found them adorable for wanting to help him.“Okay, okay.” Eryn placed his hands on his hips. “Why don’t you two help me set the table?” He pointed at the plates organized on the kitchen table.“Okay!” They nodded and went to take the plates to set them on the table. They were rather eager to do so.It’s like having little helpers around the house… he chuckled at the thought. He drew his attention back to the pans. This should be enough. He cracked each egg down on the table and split it open over the frying pan. It resulted in cracking and popping sounds as the eggs landed on the oil. Then, he set the bread on the next pan, waiting for it to be toasted before he flipped it upside down to heat the other side.“It smells really good, Eryn!” Iris said, walking up to him.“It’s making me really hungry…” Lofie’s tail began wagging around.“It’ll be done soon.” Eryn smiled, flipping the bread over. “Make sure you wash your hands first!”After he was done with cooking, he used a spatula to lift the sunny-side ups on to the slices of toast, then covered them with toast, too… therefore, making a simple sandwich.“Alright, meal’s ready!” He placed each sandwich on their respective plates. He then opened the refrigerator to take a carton of chocolate milk. “Do you want chocolate milk, too?”“I love milk!” Lofie’s eyes sparkled with stars. She nodded frantically.“Me too!” Iris raised her hand up.Eryn smiled in response. He took three small empty glasses and a mug for himself. He usually had milk and cereal for breakfast, since he wanted something easy. He poured the chocolate milk into each of them, then set them on the table. He then helped Iris and Lofie to their own chairs, and tucked them in.One empty chair caught his attention. At the corner of his eye, he saw Melty, who had been remaining in the same spot since he last saw her. Her head was bowed down to her feet. Melty… Eryn could feel a strange sensation coil around his heart.Over breakfast, he hoped they could bond and help ease her mind.
  
    Chapter Text
    Rubbing her forearm, Melty lifted her gaze to look at him. She slowly, but surely, walked to the dining table and sat on the chair.“Eryn! Eryn!” Lofie was practically drooling, eyeing her breakfast very closely. “Can I start eating it?”“Haha, go ahead.” Eryn nodded. “Enjoy your meal.”Lofie immediately stuffed her mouth with the sandwich, filling her cheeks out while Iris took her time and took little nibbles. The contrast between these two sisters…However, Melty had put no effort to touch her sandwich or her glass of milk. She… must feel terrible about what happened.He moved his chair next to her and sat beside her. “Melty…” he gently caressed her hair. “Do you not like the food? I can make something else if you-”“N-No…” Melty shook her head, sniffing. “This is… fine.”“… I see.” Eryn hummed. “Do you want me to feed you?”Melty’s mouse ears perked up hearing that question. Though her expression seemed sad, Eryn could see the corners of her lips curving up, though it seemed she was trying to hold back a smile.Heh, isn’t that adorable… Her behavior amused him. Eryn cut her sandwich into smaller chunks. He held a chunk and guided it to her little mouth. Is there where I go and say ‘aaaa’ or something? “Say aaaah…”“Aaaa…” Melty opened her mouth to eat the sandwich and chewed it.“… How is it?”“… It’s good.” Melty puffed her cheeks and looked away from him. It was clear to him she was restraining herself from letting a smile form on her lips.Is this her way of punishing herself? Eryn thought. Whatever she was doing, it was a sight for sore eyes. Immediately, an idea popped into his mind. Maybe he could take advantage of the situation.“Oh, Melty…” Eryn let out a dramatic sigh, resting his face on his forearm, which was plopped upright on the table. “I suppose I need to punish you for burning my couch.”Iris and Lofie’s eyes widened in surprise. They looked at each other, confusion spread across their faces. However, Melty’s expression was one of horror.“E-Eryn…” Melty tried to voice out, her hands trembling. “I’m s-sorry! Please don’t kick me out!”“No, no. I won’t kick you out.” Eryn waved his hands. “However, I’ll forgive you if you listen to this request of mine…”“I’ll d-do it!” Melty answered without hesitation.“I see.” Eryn tried to hold back his laugh. He then poked her cheek. “Then, please… let me see you smile.”“… H-Huh…?” Melty blinked a few times. That was not really a punishment now, was it?“Yeah!” Iris nodded. “Melty, you shouldn’t hold back your smiles!”“M’eah!” Lofie apparently voiced her approval too, though her mouth was full of food.It seems they noticed, too. Eryn hummed to himself. Well, they are sisters… aren’t they? Eryn figured they weren’t actually blood-related sisters, but that was a topic for another time.“I wasn’t holding back my smiles!” Melty huffed, puffing her cheeks at Iris. She folded her arms in defiance.“Oh, really?” Eryn smiled, holding another chunk of the sandwich to feed her.“Aaaa…” Melty opened her mouth to eat the sandwich. This time, she let the smile form on her lips as she chewed. “Hehehe!”“… There.” Eryn stroked her red hair. “That’s better.” Just seeing her little smile seemed to relieve some tension from his body.“Eryn…” Iris puffed her cheeks out, pouting at him. “It’s not fair Melty’s getting all the attention!”Eryn raised an eyebrow, blinking at her. “… I’m sorry?”“I want you to feed me too!” Iris huffed.“M-Me too!” Lofie followed, finally swallowing her food.It feels like the bath all over again. Eryn let out a faint sigh. “Haha, well, you’re nearly done eating your sandwich, Iris.” He turned his head to look at Lofie’s plate. “And Lofie… you’re already done eating.”“… Oh.” Lofie shifted her gaze down to her empty plate. In wanting Eryn’s attention, she forgot she had finished her sandwich.“You’re a bit of a messy eater, aren’t you?” Eryn chuckled, then took a napkin to clean Lofie’s mouth. There were breadcrumbs around her cheeks. “Here.” He gently rubbed around.The family had a pleasant conversation over sandwiches and milk. Melty was her usual self now, so Eryn was grateful for that. Soon, the monstergirls were done having the sandwiches and chocolate milk.Eryn began stacking the plates and glasses together and brought them to the sink to clean them up.“Eryn! Eryn!” Iris stood beside him and tugged on his shirt a few times. “Can I help wash the dishes?”“Ah, it’s fine.” Eryn patted her head before resuming washing the dishes. “It’s not much to do.”“Please…?” Eryn folded her hands, pleading with her bubbly eyes. “I want to wash the dishes!”“Hmmm…” Eryn hummed for a moment. I certainly would appreciate her help… he wanted them to settle in his house first, since they just arrived yesterday. But as he stared into her soft blue eyes… how can I say no to that?“Alright, alright.” Eryn cracked a smile. “You can help wash the dishes.”“Okay!” Iris moved in front of him and tried to peek into the sink. She was barely able to see it because of her short stature. The sink was level with her eyes. Eryn found her attempts adorable.“Let me grab a stool…” Eryn opened a nearby cabinet and took a stool out and placed it in front of him. He helped Eryn to stand on the stool, giving her additional height. “There, that should be better. Do you know how to wash dishes?”“… No.” Iris shook her head awkwardly.“… Oh?”“B-But I want to help!” Iris tilted her head upwards. “I want to be helpful to Eryn.”“I… appreciate it, Iris.” Eryn said. I hope she isn’t pushing herself. “It’s simple, really. Let me teach you.”Eryn turned on the faucet, letting the water flow into the sink. “First things first, let’s prep these plates and glasses.” He held each plate and placed it under the running water, letting the water clear off the leftover scraps. “Let’s try to clean them off first using water.”“Okay!” Iris attempted to follow Eryn’s directions. She did the same with the milk-stained glasses, removing the little milk liquids in the bottle using the water. “Like this?”“Great.” Eryn smiled. He then took a sponge and dispensed soap into it. He put the sponge under the water, giving it a few squeezes. Always gotta give ‘em a good squeeze. “You may know this is a sponge. We can use soap with it to clean the dishes!”“Oh, oh!” Iris’s tails began wagging around. “It’s like washing our hands, right?”“Sure, you could say that.” Eryn nodded. “Instead of washing our hands, we’re washing the dishes!”He continued his demonstration of washing the plates with the sponge, scrubbing them clean, then rinsing them off. Iris did the same with the glasses, leaving them squeaky clean. Eryn observed her content expression as she washed the dishes. I wish I was this enthusiastic when washing dishes…“… And done!” Eryn set the plates and glasses aside into the dishwasher, letting them dry off on their own.“Did I do well, Eryn?” Stepping down the stool, Iris’s eyes sparkled, looking up at him. Her tail was wagging much more intensely now.“Of course, Iris.” Eryn smiled sweetly, looking down at her. “You were very helpful.”“T-Then…” With a pleading look in her eyes, Iris’s tail curled up around his leg. “Could I get some head pats?”“… Oh, alright.” Eryn rested his hand on her head between her ears, stroking it gently. I mean, I was planning on doing it, anyway…“Mhmm…” Iris let out a satisfied sigh. She began purring under his touch, taking Eryn by surprise.She can purr?! Eryn’s eyes widened in surprise. I mean, she is a cat… why am I surprised?“Eryn, ahm…” Iris nuzzled into his stomach. “I might have been… lying a bit.”“Lying?” Eryn raised an eyebrow in amusement. “About what?”“I wanted to be helpful to you so…” Iris’s cheeks were dyed red. “I could ask for head pats.”“Huh…” Eryn was so lost for words he didn’t even know how to react. It was such an adorable reason he wouldn’t really call it lying.
  Does she mean to say she has an ulterior motive? And this ulterior motive is that she wants head pats as a reward for helping me?
“You know, Iris…” Eryn crouched down and continued patting her head. “I can pat your head anytime. I don’t see why I should only pat you if you help me.”“… Really?” Iris asked shyly. “C-Can I always ask for head pats?”She… seems to like head pats, huh? “Well, sure… when I’m not busy, I suppose.”“… Okay.” Smiling, Iris leaned into his touch and continued purring. Her purring was relaxing to Eryn, he discovered. I think I read on the internet that a cat’s purr was healing, in a way?“You’ve been so kind to us, Eryn. You gave us a bed, new clothes, and even made us breakfast.” Iris said, her tone full of admiration and respect for him. “I feel bad when you give us head pats… I feel Eryn is spoiling us too much.”“… Haha, is that so.” Eryn sighed faintly. I don’t know if I’m doing a good job taking care of them yet. This should be the bare minimum. They deserve all this. Again, what kind of owners did they go through? What kind of shelters did they go through? If they didn’t even get this level of care… It might not be a good idea to talk about it for now, it might bring up some bad memories.“Iris, you don’t have to worry about all that.” Eryn said. “I’ll give you head pats anytime. It’s no big deal.”“Is it… really okay?”“Of course, Iris.” Eryn continued patting her. Does she hold head pats with high importance?“Oh… hehehe…” Iris closed her eyes, enjoying the sensation of his hand.“No fair, Iris!” Melty jumped on to Eryn’s back, wrapping her arms around his neck. “Don’t hog all of Eryn’s attention to yourself!”“Humph.” Lofie bumped his arm with her head.“Melty, you’re–guh!–choking me…!” Eryn tapped her arm a few times, trying to get her hands off. So much strength in her little hands…!“O-Oh, sorry!” Getting off his back, Melty pulled her arms away from his neck.Speaking of attention… Eryn looked at her. Melty certainly needs attention, lest another fire arise. Now, so far, he has yet to see Iris and Lofie react in unexpected ways.What does the notebook say about them? He flipped the book open and turned to the relevant pages regarding their interests and hobbies, if it could be put that way.Lofie likes to… draw? Interesting. Eryn figured he could give her his old sketchbooks, then. She likes to play in the sand…? By burying things in them. Huh, okay. Eryn attributed that to her being an Anubis, whatever that was supposed to mean.What about Iris? He turned to the pages concerning her. She likes to do chores… huh, that explains it. She seems to have a habit of overworking herself to the point of exhaustion. What…? Eryn blinked at what he just read. Why would Iris do that…? The mysteries of their circumstances seem to pile on and on.“What are you reading, Eryn?” Lofie asked.“O-Oh.” Eryn quickly shoved the notebook into his pocket, then stood up. “It’s nothing.” He turned to the hinezumi. “Melty.”Melty tilted her head upwards to look at him with curious eyes.“How about… spending some time with me?” Eryn asked. “Let’s do something together.”“…Wah!” Melty’s eyes sparkled with excitement.
  According to the notebook, she likes physical activities. I think we could do something to burn off that excess energy of hers.
“Would you like to go on a morning jog with me, Melty?” Eryn caressed her red hair. Sometimes, Eryn goes on morning jogs if he can wake up early enough. Maybe he can bring Melty along now.“I would love to, Eryn!” Melty’s tail began wagging back and forth in joy.“Eryn…” Iris puffed her cheeks out, tugging on his sleeve. “I want to come, too!”“Me too.” Lofie softly head-butted his leg.Mhrm… Looking at their pleading faces, Eryn found it hard to say no to them. But this is important for Melty’s sake. I need to spend time with them to get to know each of them better.“Sorry, Iris. Lofie.” Eryn smiled softly. “It’ll just be me and Melty.”“Wha…?!” Both Iris and Lofie’s eyes widened in surprise.“Hehehe, I get to spend time with Eryn!” Melty said in a teasing manner, sticking her tongue out in victory.“Hmph.” Iris folded her arms, pouting at… me? I think that’s the first time I’ve seen her pout targeted at me.“Iris…” Eryn rubbed the back of his neck awkwardly. That actually hurts…“Weh…!” Tears began welling up in Lofie’s eyes, her ears draping downwards.“… Lofie?!” Eryn waved his hands around frantically. Not you too, Lofie! Now that hurts more!“Listen, it’s… really important that I do this with Melty.” Eryn sighed, crouching down to face Iris and Lofie at a head level. “I want to… prevent the incident from this morning happening again.”“I understand, Eryn.” Iris nodded, still pouting at him. “Still, it’s unfair you’re giving her all your attention.” She walked up to him, twiddling with her hair bangs. “If it’s not too selfish of me to ask, I want you to give me attention too…”“If Eryn spends time with us later…” Lofie said, rubbing her tears away. “Then I don’t mind.”“… I see.” Eryn let out a faint sigh, his lips curving into a smile. I guess I need to be mindful of that. “Okay, how about this… once I’m done jogging with Melty, I’ll spend time with you two. Sounds good?”Iris and Lofie looked at each other, then looked at Eryn with gigantic smiles spread across their faces.Sometime soon, I’ll need to create a schedule and divide my time accordingly. Though he appreciated they were open about their needs. It meant they trusted him to some extent.“Alright, Melty…” Eryn’s gaze shifted to her. She was still wearing the pajamas, which wasn’t affected by the fire in any way. That’s something…“Let me get you a change of clothes.”“Okay!”…...Eryn had lent Melty his old sports uniform from his younger days. It fitted her nicely, wasn’t too big or too small. It was a purple shirt with black shorts. He also gave her an old pair of shoes, though it wasn’t exactly designed for jogging…“How is it, Melty?” Eryn asked, moving her in front of the mirror. “Does it fit you well?”“I love it, Eryn!” Melty struck a few poses in front of the mirror, grinning from ear to ear. “It’s nice!”“Good to hear that.” Eryn smiled. As he observed her, his long red hair came to his attention. Huh, it might be better to tie that up. He grabbed a couple of hairbands and a comb from his sister’s room. He dropped to his knees in front of Melty. “Melty, could I do your hair? It might get in the way of your jogging.”“Oh, okay!” Melty turned around, presenting her red hair to him. Eryn ran his fingers through her red hair, feeling its softness and volume. It has nice care to it… when he was younger, he was made to do his sister’s hair from time to time. Though he didn’t really care about his own hair.With a careful tenderness, he combed her long hair, straightening out.“This feels nice, Eryn…” Melty’s tail moved from side to side, probably in approval.“I see…” Eryn continued combing her hair, admiring its softness and color. Although, he felt two pairs of eyes drilling into the back of his skull. What’s with this… unsettling aura I’m sensing? At the corner of his eye, he could see Iris and Lofie watching from a distance.“He’s combing her hair…”“Humph.”… I will give you two all the attention in the world. Later. I swear. He quietly promised them.After combing her hair, he used the hairbands and skilfully tied her hair into fiery twin tails. Very puffy. He gave the twin tails a gentle squeeze. “What do you think, Melty?”“Wah…” Looking at the mirror, Melty brushed her hand against the twin tails on her head. “It’s so cute, Eryn!”“… I’m glad to hear that.” Eryn smiled sweetly. A work of art, if I do say so myself.He shifted his gaze to the catgirl. “Iris.”“What is it, Eryn?” Iris came up to him.Since he and Melty were going to be leaving the house a bit, he needed Iris and Lofie to keep themselves occupied. With the notes in mind, he may have just the thing for them.“Could I trust you to watch over the house?” Eryn patted her shoulder.“Me?” Iris pointed at herself.“That’s right.” Eryn nodded. “I need someone to watch over the house while I’m gone, and I believe you’re up to the task.”“Oh… okay!” Iris raised her palm in approval. “Leave it to me, Eryn!”“What about me, Eryn?” Lofie asked, tugging on his arm. She was feeling left out.“And Lofie…” Eryn handed her his old sketchbook with a crayon set. “Why don’t you draw something in the meantime?”“Wah, a sketchbook!” Lofie’s eyes sparkled as she accepted it in her hands. She quickly sat down and flipped it open, placing it on the carpet. “Thank you, Eryn!”“Of course.” Eryn felt a sense of satisfaction wash over him, seeing her cute expression.Afterwards, Eryn changed into a set of clothes suited for exercising: a black vest with training pants. He walked to the doorway, with Melty and Iris following behind.“Here, Melty. Let me put on your shoes.” He crouched down and motioned for Melty to sit down in front of him.“Okay!” Melty listened and set herself in front of him. Eryn cradled her foot, and Melty let out a giggle.“Hehe, that tickles!” Melty wiggled her feet around away from his hands.“Ahah, sorry.” Eryn chuckled, slowly adjusting the shoes to her feet. “One sec…” he tied the laces together, pulling on the ends to make sure they were tight enough. “… And there!”Melty stood up, staring down at her new (well, old) shoes. She moved her legs around, trying to get a new feel for her shoes. Liking her new shoes, especially knowing they’re from Eryn, she hopped around with excitement.“These shoes are nice!” Melty exclaimed.“They aren’t the best for jogging, but I hope you’ll like them.” I'll buy a new pair later. Eryn put on his shoes quickly and wore a cap on his head. He then turned to Iris. “Alright, Iris, watch over Lofie and the house for me, okay?”“Okay!” Iris nodded. “Have fun! Please, come back soon!”“Haha, all right.” Eryn opened the door and urged Melty outside. He waved goodbye to Iris before leaving the house and closing the door. “We’ll be back soon!”Eryn turned around, seeing a grinning Melty already waving at him from the sidewalk. I’m glad she’s enthusiastic about this.“You ready to jog, Melty?” Eryn asked as he approached her while stretching his arms.“I’m ready, Eryn!”
  
    Chapter Text
    “Keep it up, Melty!”“Yeah, Eryn!”Eryn and Melty were spending time together by jogging around the neighborhood. After the fiery morning at his house, he figured he could spend time with her to prevent that from happening by burning off her excess energy, though that wasn’t his primary reason. He truly wanted to bond with her, get to know her better, and build her trust.From the short time he got to know her, she seemed to be anxious when he wasn’t around. She also had fears about being kicked out of the house, leading him to think she went through such experiences with previous owners or shelters. I wonder if her fire incident led to that happening...“I’ve never been outside like this before!” Melty said, jogging alongside Eryn. “You haven’t?” Eryn asked, maintaining a moderate pace.“Yeah!” Melty nodded. “I’ve always been in shelters… they never took me outside. They always kept me locked up.”“Huh…” Eryn hummed. Locked up… that sounded deeply concerning to his ears.“Oh, but it wasn’t like that in the last shelter! The couple there were very nice people!”“Oh, that’s nice to hear.” Eryn smiled. She must be referring to the siblings, Aiden and Amber… How are they doing now?“But, but!” Melty exclaimed and glanced at him. “Eryn is the nicest person I’ve met!”“Oh…” Eryn averted his gaze slightly. He wasn’t used to taking direct compliments. “I’m… glad to hear that.”Nicest person, huh… he hoped he could live up to what Melty considers the nicest person. It’s only been a day, so he didn’t want to get his hopes up too soon. But it feels… great.“Whew…” Eryn let out a sigh as he rubbed the sweat off his face. We’ve been jogging for a while. Eryn turned to look at her face. She had a bright grin spread across her lips, though what caught his attention the most was the fact that not a single bead of sweat graced her face.“Uhm, Melty…?” Eryn called out with curiosity. “How are you… feeling right now?”“I’m feeling quite energetic, Eryn!” Melty beamed, spreading her arms apart. “I could run around a thousand times!”“W-Wow…” Eryn blinked in surprise. A thousand times?! My legs would have died by then. He wondered if hinezumis were physically powerful. Even her grip strength is nothing to scoff at…“I’ll follow your lead, Melty.” Eryn said. If what she’s saying is true, not that I doubt it, then they could for a few more rounds.“Okay!” Melty grinned.Unfortunately for him, he’d soon come to regret his words… 
  Some time later…

  …

  ..

  .
“Huff… huff…” Eryn stopped in his tracks, dropping his hands to his knees. He was breathing heavily.“Let’s go again, Eryn!” Melty’s eyes sparked with excitement and her tail wiggled around.“You can’t be serious…” Eryn panted as exhaustion pooled through his body. She’s insane! Eryn expected they’d go for three or four rounds around their neighborhood, but they ended up going ten more times. I’m surprised I kept up with her. Eryn was practically drenched in his own sweat, while only a few beads of sweat streamed down her cheeks. So this is the stamina of a hinezumi… truly fiery. He wondered if Iris and Lofie possessed such physical capabilities, too.“Come on, come on!” Melty tugged on his arm, trying to get him to jog with her.“I’m sorry, Melty…” Placing a hand on his beating heart, Eryn exhaled deeply as he tried to calm his breathing. “I think I’m going to die at this rate…”“What?!” Melty’s eyes widened in shock and her ears shot up. “You’re going to die?!”“Huh?” Confused, Eryn drew his chin back to look at her. “No, no… I didn’t mean that litera–”“D-D-Don’t die, Eryn!” Melty quickly grabbed onto the hem of his shirt. “W-What should I d-do?” Feelings of dread settled into her body. The thought of losing Eryn caused her heart to tighten. A few tears escaped her eyes.“No, really! I’m fine, Melty.” Eryn let out a laugh as he patted her head to calm her down. “Sorry, I should have made myself clear.”“Y-You’re not going to die?” Melty asked with concern, looking up at him with upturned eyes. “Y-You’ll be fine?”“Really, I’ll be okay.” Eryn gave a reassuring smile, then sighed in exhaustion. My legs are killing me. He crouched down to her level and gently rubbed her tears away. “I’m just tired from all the jogging.”“Oh, okay…” Melty nodded timidly. Feeling bad, she twiddled with her fingers. “I’m sorry, Eryn…”“Hmmm?” Eryn raised an eyebrow. “What are you sorry for?”“I’m really happy we could jog together…” Melty said, bowing her head. “I got too excited… I didn’t think about Eryn’s feelings…”“Don’t worry about it, Melty.” Eryn caressed her hair. “I’m glad you were having fun. I’d like to jog with you again.”“R-Really?”“Really.” Eryn stood up and put his hands on his hips. “But… let’s take it easier next time.” He gave an awkward chuckle. “I’m not sure if I could keep with you like this.”“Y-Yes, Eryn!” Melty nodded frantically. “T-Then… can we still jog together from now on?”“Of course.” Eryn took off his cap and fanned his face. “We’ll jog together from now on.”“… Hehe!” Melty wrapped her arms around him.“Woah, there!” Eryn gently pried her arms away. “I’m quite sweaty. You wouldn’t want to be that close to me.”“Hehe, okay!”“How about we take it slow and walk together?” Eryn suggested as he put his cap back on.Melty nodded and walked to his side. Her gaze fell on his hand, which was relaxed. She glanced at his face, then back to his hand.“Eryn?” Melty’s tail wiggled around. “Could I hold your hand?”“Oh…” Eryn stretched out his hand towards her. “Sure, I don’t see why not.”Melty slowly wrapped her fingers around his own, feeling the warmth of his hand. She gave a bright smile.“Let’s take a stroll, shall we?”And so, hand in hand, the duo took a relaxing walk around the neighborhood. After their intense jogging, Eryn certainly needed to take things slow. He was now painfully aware of the hinezumi’s potential. Lesson learned.As they walked on the sideway, Eryn noticed Melty had slowed down her pace. He noticed her eyes were fixated on something. He followed her line of sight to the window beside him.Through the window, he saw a colorful display of cakes, cookies, pastries and other such items lined up, ranging from small to hefty sizes. Cakes, huh… he looked upwards to see the building’s sign.
  ~Sai-Sai Silky Sweets~
Interesting name… “A bakery…” Eryn commented, his eyes inspecting the place. I don’t recall ever seeing this place. When Eryn jogs, he doesn’t really pay attention to his surroundings. I might have passed by this place often. He was impressed by how delectable the sweets looked. Seeing the cakes, he was reminded of Iris. She apparently likes cakes. Maybe I should get some for her?“Melty, do you want to check inside?” Eryn asked, snapping her out of her trance.“Huh?” Melty shook her head. “N-No, no! I wasn’t staring!” Despite her words, her tail waved around with such curiosity.So you were staring. Eryn held back a chuckle at her cute antics. He tugged her hand along. “Let’s see what’s inside. I’m curious myself.”“Oh!” Melty’s ears twitched with excitement. “Okay, Eryn!”As they entered through the door, the sound of a bell was heard at the top of the doorway, alerting their presence to the bakery.“Wow…” Eryn’s eyes widened with surprise. All around him were magnificent sweets of all shapes and sizes, decorated with pristine detail. Seeing through the window doesn’t do them justice!“Waahh…!” Melty’s eyes sparkled with admiration. Her gaze darted around the shop. She almost made herself dizzy just from looking around.He let go of Melty’s hand. “Why don’t you take a look around? Find something you like?”“Really?” Melty’s tail wagged back and forth even more intensely. “I can do that?”“Sure.” Eryn nodded and patted her head. “I’ll be at the counter.”“… Okay!” Melty replied excitedly, then began checking around the bakery.Eryn walked to the counter to meet with the shopkeeper… though it was empty. Huh, I wonder where they are?“Excuse me?” He called out as his eyes scanned the surroundings. “Ex–”
   CRASH! 
A figure fell through the ceiling, landing behind the counter with an extremely loud thud.“W-What the?!” Eryn flinched backwards in shock, feeling his heart nearly leaping out of his chest. Did someone just crash through the ceiling?! He looked up and saw a sizable opening. Why is there a…“Ough….!” A painful moan could be heard. Two hands plopped on to the counter.“A-Are you all ri–…?” Getting over his shock, Eryn instinctively held on to the hands, gently pulling them up, and saw a woman with two red eyes that seemed to pierce through his soul. Right below those eyes were red pointed markings travelling down her cheeks. Long bangs hugged her face, and a ponytail was tied behind her hair, flowing down to her lower back. Two long and pointy ears cutely poked out through her hair.“Oh, thank you…” She smiled sweetly, then looked up at the ceiling. “I didn’t see where I was walking…”“Uhuh…” Eryn was left dumbstruck by her appearance. Is she… human? She looked human enough. Maybe that was cosplay, he figured. But those ears don’t look fake…“Oh, sorry!” She placed her hands on the counter. “Are you a customer?”“Uh… I suppose?” Eryn answered, unsure of the situation.“Oh, welcome, welcome!” she beamed, clapping her hands. “Forgive me for my… surprising entrance. I was checking on my supplies.”“I-I see…” That was one entrance indeed… nearly gave me a heart attack. Eryn smiled wryly.“What can I do for you?”“Uhhh…” Eryn stroked his chin for a moment. I think I’ll buy Iris a cake. Maybe Lofie would want one, too? “I was wondering if you had recommendations for… cake?”“Cake? One moment.” She took a menu out and slid it on the counter. “Is this your first time here?”“Oh, yes.” Eryn nodded. “I’m not really sure where to start. I haven’t really been to any bakeries, you see…”“No problem at all!” she smiled warmly, then tapped the menu. “I think you’ll like what this menu has to offer.”“Oh, thank you.” Eryn held the menu in his hands and spread it open. Wow, there are a lot of cakes to choose from… he didn’t know what flavor Iris liked. Maybe I should go for the standard flavors…“Eryn! Eryn!” Melty ran to him and tugged on his hand.“Oh, Melty.” Eryn shifted his gaze away from the menu. “Find something you like?”“There’s something I want to show you!” She pulled his hand towards the cake display.“What is it?”Melty pressed her face against the glass of the cake display, bringing his attention to one particular cake…“Look, look!” Melty’s tail wiggled around as her pupils dilated. “There're candles on it!”“Oh, you’re right.” Eryn crouched to get a better view. “There are candles on it.” He saw three unlit candles on the cake. The cake had three layers each with different flavors and color: a vanilla base, a chocolate center, and a strawberry top. Pretty standard and decent…“Say, Melty…” He placed his hand on her hair. “Do you know what these candles are used for?”“Nope.” She shook her head in response. “I just think they look pretty!”“Haha, is that so?” He chuckled.“What are they used for, Eryn?” she asked, curious.“Huh, well…” Eryn pondered her question for a moment. Her asking that implied a few things. The idea made him a little sad, if it was true. Did she never get to experience that? Or is this a thing monstergirls don’t do? If Melty didn’t, does that mean Iris and Lofie…“Eryn?” Melty called his name, noticing his lowered lips.“O-Oh!” He stood up, clearing his thoughts. “Melty, let’s buy this cake for everyone.”“Really?” Her eyes widened in delight.“Yeah, for Iris and Lofie, too.” He nodded in approval. “Let’s head to the counter.”Eryn let Melty hold on to his hand, then they walked to the counter to talk with the shopkeeper.“There’s a cake I’d like to buy.” Eryn said.“Of course.” She clasped her hands together. “Which cake would you like?”“That cake over there… the one with the three candles.” Eryn pointed to that cake on the cake display.“Certainly.” She nodded in response as she walked to the side. “You know… you’re the first human customer I’ve had that’s stayed this long and was willing to make a purchase.”Human customer? Eryn scratched the back of his head. “If you don’t mind me asking, do you… not get that many customers here?”“I opened this bakery a few weeks ago.” She explained, crossing her arms. “Thankfully, I have been getting enough customers… though sometimes, it doesn’t go well with some of them.”A few weeks ago… that explains why I’ve never heard of this place before. Eryn thought. “Why’s that?”“It’s… odd.” She smacked her lips. “They run away when they see me.”“… Oh.” Eryn processed her words for a moment. “I’m sorry?”“Yes, they run away when they see me.” She repeated in the same manner.“I’m afraid I… don’t understand.” Eryn leaned on the counter. “Why would they run away from you?”“I wish I knew the answer to that question.” She briefly raised her shoulders. “I wondered if it had to do with my appearance.”“Your appearance?” Eryn observed her face for a moment. Despite the… unfamiliar features, he thought she was a fairly attractive woman. I don’t get it. Why would they run away from her?She slowly walked around the counter, appearing in his view. “I’ll never know, really.”“Hmmm, honestly I think you’re…” Eryn’s eyes slowly travelled down from her face down to her waist where… two limbs seemed to be poking out.Then two legs walked out. Yeah, humans have two legs, so that made sense.Then another two legs walked out.Again, another two legs walked out, bringing it to three pairs of legs…Except those weren’t human-shaped legs. They were crimson red, slender, and pointed at the end, just like the rest of her… bulbous behind. They click-clacked on the floor as she walked. Actually, the two shorter limbs poking out below her waist should have been a dead giveaway.“…” Eryn couldn’t utter another single word as he processed the sight of the girl’s lower body before him.“You think I’m…?” She waited expectantly.“You’re… you’re…” He took a few steps back, fear setting into his body. “A s-s-spide–”“Ah, you’re an arachne!” Melty exclaimed in realization, unfazed by her not-human legs.“Haha, indeed!” she nodded. Seeing Eryn’s trembling expression, it finally clicked in her mind what made the other human customers run away. “Ah… could it be that my spider legs are scaring you?”“H-Huh?” Trembling, Eryn snapped his gaze back to her face. “W-Well…” he disliked how terrifying spiders looked… and to see one of a greater size comparable to the average human.“I’ve never seen a… spidergirl… er, I mean, an arachne up close before...” Eryn shuddered, standing behind Melty. He recalled seeing a similar monstergirl back at the convenience store… but to think they looked this massive in person. Much like the centaur he met before, her upper body looked more human than he expected. Those slender, spider legs and bulbous abdomen… There's something to admire about them.“Oh, really?” she stroked her chin in deep thought, then cracked a smile. “You seem to be fine, standing in front of me.”“Uhh… yeah.” Eryn nodded frantically. The only reason he was standing right here is because of Melty. He was simply putting on a brave front for his and her sakes. Melty doesn’t seem fazed in the slightest… Well, she is a monstergirl.“I’m glad you’re not running away.” She says as she prepares the cake for wrapping. “I think most humans have a skewed perception of us arachnes.”“A skewed perception?” Eryn asked, curious.“Yes. They seem to see us as man-eating monsters…” she explained. “They think we use our silk to trap and suffocate them, then devour them from limb to limb.”“O-Oh…” The visual imagery of that explanation sent shivers up Eryn’s spine. He tried to play it cool. “That can’t be true, can it?”“… Mhmm.” A faint red graced her cheeks as she gazed into Eryn’s fearful eyes. “Our silk is capable of trapping a man… for a different purpose, though.”“Ah…” That didn’t sit right with Eryn. It served to heighten the fear in his eyes. He was afraid to find out what exactly this purpose was.“What’s the purpose?” Melty asked with innocence in her voice.“M-Melty…?” Eryn flinched, not expecting Melty to ask.“Eheh.” The arachne let out a giggle. “I’m afraid this is a topic for adults, little one.”She is an adult, actually… Eryn kept that thought to himself.Using her front limbs, she carefully wrapped the cake with sturdy silk into the shape of a box. She placed it on the counter and presented it to him. “Here’s your cake! I hope the packaging is to your liking.”“Oh…” Eryn tapped on the silky surface, admiring it. Wow, it’s pretty durable… It's like a gift box. “This is more than fine.”She went behind the counter to put in the order. “It’ll be this much.”“Ah…” Eryn took out his phone from his pocket. “Do you accept online payments?”“Of course.” She slid a payment device towards him. “Simply input the right amount in your phone and scan here.”“All right…” Eryn nodded and paid for the cake. A beep sound could be heard, letting them know the transaction was successful.“Oh…” her eyes rested on the screen of the payment device, noticing the amount received was higher than the cake’s price.“Keep the change.” Eryn smiled as he carried the cake in one hand and held Melty’s hand in the other.“T-Thank you for your patronage!” she bowed down at the waist, visibly grateful for the extra payment. “Please come again soon!Eryn and Melty exited the bakery. They turned in the direction of their home.“Ready to go back?” Eryn asked with a smile.“Yeah!” Melty nodded excitedly. “I can’t wait to eat the cake together with Iris and Lofie!”“Haha.” Eryn stroked her hair between her ears. “Me too, Melty. Let’s not keep them waiting.”And so, the two walked together back to their home.Through the windows, the arachne silently watched them as they left her view. There was something about the man’s name that struck her as… familiar. The name the little hinezumi used…“Eryn…”
  
    Chapter Text
    
  “Hum, hum, hum~” Lofie hummed to herself as she drew a picture in the sketchbook. She made good use of the crayon set Eryn gave her.


  Iris was sitting next to Lofie on the carpet, waiting for Eryn and Melty’s return. He had entrusted her to watch over the house while he was away. She didn’t know what to do to pass the time, so she just remained still. How was one supposed to watch the house?


  Her eyes darted to the clock. A good amount of time had passed since they left the house. This was beginning to worry her. What if Eryn got into an accident? What if he didn’t come back home? She shook her head, trying to rid herself of these negative thoughts.  Melty was with him, so Iris knew she’d do something if that was the case.


  “Eryn…” Iris whispered his name, longing for his presence. She was rather envious of Melty, who seemed to be getting a lot of his attention recently. Unknown to Eryn, Iris was holding herself back from being too selfish. Although, seeing Melty hog him all to herself… maybe she could stand to be more honest with herself.


  She turned to look at Lofie who seemed too busy with drawing. Lofie wasn’t one to talk much, but she had no reservations about being honest. Her sharp tongue proved that, after all. If she wanted Eryn’s attention, she would ask for it. Maybe she can follow her example?


   
  
    RING! RING! RING!
  


  “Ah!” Iris’s eyes flicked to a ringing smartphone on the table. More accurately, it was vibrating intensely with rumbling sounds. Did Eryn always have two phones? She vaguely remembered him taking a phone with him before jogging. Anyhow, she thought it would be rather rude to leave it hanging, so she walked up to it and picked up the phone. From her countless observations at the previous shelter, she knew how to answer a smartphone. Maybe this is what Eryn meant when he told her to watch the house.


  “Hello!” Iris greeted cheerfully, holding the phone with her two hands.


  “Hey, you finally answered, Eryn! Do you know how hard I’ve been trying to contact you? Jeez, where the hell have you…” A female voice answered. Her voice trailed off towards the end as the person realized something was… off about the voice answering back.


  “… Wait a minute.” She stopped. “You’re not… Eryn, are you? You sure don’t sound like him.”


  “Ahm, hello!” Iris greeted again. “I am not Eryn!”


  “Huh…. Did I…?” She paused for a moment. Iris could hear muttering something about having the wrong number through the phone, but she realized she called the right number.


  “Eryn is outside.” Iris replied. “He’s not at home now.”


  “Oh? So he’s not at home…” She answered with a hint of surprise. “May I… know your name?”


  “My name is Iris!” she replied.


  “Iris… that’s a lovely name you have.”


  “Yes! Eryn gave me that name.” Iris nodded and smiled.


  “He… gave you that name?” Her voice grew with confusion. “Iris, uhm… do you know when Eryn will be back?”


  “I… don’t know.” Iris said in a sad tone.


  “I see.” She stopped to think for a moment. “Iris… what is your relationship with Eryn?”


  “He’s my owner!” Iris beamed.


  “Your owner…?” she asked in a concerned manner, unsure of the context behind her words. “He hasn’t done anything bad to you, has he?”


  “No, no!” Iris shook her head. “He’s the kindest and nicest person! I’m very grateful to him!”


  “Huh, is that right…” her voice seemed to express approval, as if she felt the same way, too. “I’m very… grateful to him, too.”


  “Oh?” Iris’s ears twitched in curiosity.


  “… So he’s doing well.” She sighed in relief. “Thank you for letting me know, Iris.”


  “O-Oh, sure.” Iris nodded.


  “I’ll be hanging up the phone now.” She smiled behind her voice. “We’ll see each other soon.”


  
    CLICK!
  


  And the connection was cut. Iris put the phone back and scratched her head in confusion. She wondered who this person was. Judging by the conversation, it seemed to be someone who knew Eryn well. Maybe it was a close friend of his. And now, she realized she should have asked for her name too.


  The sound of a door unlocking caused both Iris and Lofie’s ears to twitch sharply.


  “Iris! Lofie!” A familiar and comforting voice called their names as he entered their house. “We’re home!”


  “We’re back!” Melty exclaimed cheerfully.


  Soon enough, Eryn saw Iris and Lofie running towards him from the living room.


  “Eryn! Eryn!” Iris beamed, spreading her arms out to hug him, glad he was okay. The phone conversation had already left her mind.


  “Eryn is back!” Lofie’s ears bobbed upwards in joy.


  “Woah, easy there!” Eryn placed a palm in front of him to stop her. “Don’t get too close to me. I need to take a bath first.”


  “Mmhmm…” Iris pouted silently.


  “After bath?” Lofie asked and twiddled with her fingers as she looked at him with upturned eyes. “Will you give us attention after bath?”


  “Ah, sure...” Eryn nodded, finding their antics adorable.


  “Look, look!” Melty drew their attention to the box in Eryn’s hand. “We bought cake!”


  “Cake?” Iris’s ears twitched with interest. “Oooh, I want to see it!”


  “Haha, let’s open it together after I take my bath.” Eryn said, placing the box on the table. “Sounds good?”


  “Okay!” The monstergirls replied in unison.


  “Melty, do you want to take a bath?” Eryn asked, observing her face and clothes. 
  
    She’s… not sweating one bit, huh?
  
   The state of her appearance hadn’t changed at all since they started jogging. 
  
    Incredible…
  
   Meanwhile, he was drenched in his own sweat. 
  
    For someone who can burn an entire couch, I’m surprised…
  


  “I’m okay!” Melty raised her palm.


  “Haha, all right.”


  Eryn took a small change of clothes from his room and went to the bathroom. After five minutes or so, he finished taking his bath and threw his clothes in the laundry basket.


  “Whew.” Eryn let out a sigh of relief as he stepped out of the bathroom. 
  
    That was quite refreshing.
  
   His gaze shifted to the living room where he saw Melty and Lofie drawing on the carpet. 
  
    Ah, she’s using the sketchbook…
  
   Then his gaze fell on Iris who was running towards him.


  “Eryn…!” Iris wrapped his arms around him and nuzzled her head against him. “I can hug you now, right?”


  “… Haha, of course.” Eryn gently patted her head between her ears. 
  
    She’s like a cat… wait, she is one.
  


  Eryn tried to take a step forward, but Iris was holding him in place, not wanting to let go.


  “Haha, Iris?” Eryn rubbed the back of his neck. “Could you… uh, let go for a moment?”


  “Mmhmm…!” Iris shook her head. Instead, she tightened her grip around him and puffed her cheeks at him, needing his attention.


  
    That’s cute… but I need to walk over there.
  
   Eryn smiled wryly. He then thought of a simple idea. “All right, how about this…”


  He gently lifted her up into his arms. Iris latched her hands onto his shirt and snuggled her head into the crook of his neck. Feeling his comfortable warmth, she began purring within his arms. Her purrs were… relaxing to his mind. 
  
    This is nice in its own way.
  


  From the notes he read, Iris didn’t seem to be the type to be clingy compared to Melty. 
  
    Well, if they’ve been alone for so long and never had any… nice owners… I can understand that.
  


  As he walked forward to sit on the couch, or at least where the couch was supposed to be, he was reminded that his couch had burnt down just this morning. 
  
    I really need to get a new couch soon.
  
   Eryn sighed as he sat down next to Lofie on the carpet.


  “What are you drawing, Lofie?” Eryn asked while stroking Iris’s long hair.


  “Oh.” Lofie put the crayons down and picked up the sketchbook. She walked to Eryn and sat on his lap. “Look, Eryn.”


  “Huh…” Eryn’s eyes scanned her drawing. There were four characters, each of them having different colors. One had cat ears, one had mouse ears, and one had dog ears. 
  
    I can take a guess who those three are. 
  
  One figure was taller than the rest. 
  
    Is that me?
  
   In the background, there was a big house. On the top, a yellow ball was shining its rays on them.


  “Do you like it, Eryn?”


  “It’s pretty cute, Lofie.” Eryn smiled and patted her head. “I like it a lot!” Her tail wagged back and forth in response.


  “Hehe…” Lofie grinned brightly as she leaned into his touch. “This is our happy family.”


  Eryn’s body froze as those words entered his ears. “Family…?”


  “Yeah!” Lofie nodded, placing her palm on the sketchbook. “We’re one big happy family.”


  
    Family…
  
   Eryn echoed those words in his mind. He never thought of it that way… but she was right, wasn’t she? It never struck him as such. He adopted them into his life. Into his family, so they wouldn’t be alone anymore. In the short time he’s had them, he knew they were precious to him. From the bottom of his heart, he wanted to make them happy… to give them a family.


  “E-Eryn?” Lofie’s eyes widened in surprise. Her gaze was fixated on his face. “A-Are you sad?”


  “Huh…?” Eryn batted his eyes. He brushed his fingers against his cheek, noticing it was wet. He didn’t realize a few tears escaped his eyes, streaming down his cheeks. 
  
    Am I… crying?
  


  “W-What’s wrong, Eryn?” Iris asked in a concerned manner.


  “Don’t worry…” He sighed with a smile and wiped the tears of his eyes. “I’m just… touched.” He wrapped his arms around Iris and Lofie and pulled them into an embrace.


  “Eryn…” Lofie rubbed his remaining tears away with her little hands.


  “Hey, I want to be hugged, too!” Melty pouted, running to him.


  “Haha, get over here.” Eryn stretched his hand towards her as she squeezed between Lofie and Iris into his embrace. He wrapped his arms around all three of them as best as he could.


  
    Right…. We’re a family now.
  
   He found peace within that realization. 
  
    I never imagined myself doing this
  
  . To think just a day ago, he was depressed and didn’t have any sense of purpose. 
  
    I would have never done something like this in the past.
  
   These three monstergirls in front of him right now proved him wrong.


  “I know it’s a little early but… what do you say to having cake?” Eryn asked them.


  “Oh, I want to try it!” Melty exclaimed.


  “Me too! I want to see it!” Iris followed.


  “Haha, all right.” Eryn pulled his arms away and stood up. He walked to the kitchen and opened a drawer to take a lighter. He then walked to the dining table and held the box in his hands, then returned to sitting on the carpet with them. He placed the box in the center. The monstergirls gathered around it.


  Eryn pulled the ends of the gift ribbon apart. He then lifted the cover up, revealing the three-layered cake with three candles on top.


  “Wow…” The girls said in awe.


  “It smells so nice!” Iris’s tail wagged around in excitement.


  “I like the colors.” Lofie admired the decorations.


  “Can we eat the candles?” Melty asked, staring at the candles intently.


  “Please don’t.” Eryn mused. “Melty, remember when you asked me what the candles were used for?”


  “Yeah!” she nodded. “What are they used for?”


  “Well, you see…” Eryn cleared the packaging away. “We humans… have a tradition that’s passed down from generation to generation. Have any of you heard of a birthday cake?”


  “A birthday cake?” Iris wondered, putting a finger on her chin. “What’s that?”


  “Having cake to celebrate birthdays.” Eryn explained. “To celebrate the day we were born. It’s a special occasion to share with others.”


  “To celebrate the day… we’re… born?” Lofie tilted her head at a curious angle.


  “But… I don’t remember when I was born.” Iris said timidly. “We’ve never had… birthday cake.”


  “Me too…” Lofie’s ears draped downwards.


  “Does that mean we can’t have birthday cake?” Melty asked, her lips curving downwards.


  
    So they don’t remember…
  
   their responses confirmed his suspicions before. 
  
    They’ve never had the chance to celebrate it.
  


  “Of course, you can.” Eryn patted her head. “In fact, it makes it all the more special.”


  He held the lighter and flicked it on, causing a small fire to burn. “These candles are often used with birthday cakes.” Using the lighter, he lit each of the three candles, faintly illuminating their surroundings with an orange hue.


  “Oooooh…” the girls’ eyes widened in surprise as they witnessed the fire.


  “That’s so cool!” Melty beamed. “The candles are on fire!”


  “It’s like… magic.” Lofie said with awe.


  “Each of these candles… they represent each of you.” Eryn glanced at each monstergirl.


  “They represent us?” Iris asked as she pointed to herself.


  “I… want to celebrate your adoption.” Eryn said timidly. “I… want to celebrate our new beginning together… as a family.” He scratched his cheek awkwardly. “I know it’s a day late… but I…uh, want us to… experience this moment together.”


  “…” The monstergirls gazed into his eyes in silence.


  “Ahm…” Eryn found their stares a little unnerving. Nervousness settled into his body. 
  
    Did I say something weird?
  
   Maybe they didn’t understand human culture as much as he believed…


  “Weh…” Tears began streaming Lofie’s eyes, taking him by surprise.


  “L-Lofie?!” Eryn flinched back. “W-What’s wrong?”


  “Hmrnh…” Iris began sobbing. She tried to rub the tears off her eyes.


  “I-Iris?!” Eryn frantically waved his hands around in panic. 
  
    Did I say something wrong?!
  


  “WAAAHHH!” Spreading her arms wide, Melty leapt into Eryn’s body, pushing down onto his back with a loud thud.


  “Owh!” Eryn grunted in slight pain. He attempted to raise his body but…


  
    PLOMP!
  


  Both Iris and Lofie leapt on to him as well, completely hugging him down on the floor.


  “Eryn…!” Iris sobbed into his shirt, clutching the fabric of his clothes.


  “H-Hey, what’s the matter?” Eryn raised his upper body up by his elbows, pushing against their weight.


  “Eryn is so kind to us…” Lofie sniffed.


  “I’ve always wanted a family!” Melty wailed into his chest, soaking his shirt with her tears.


  “Thank you… for adopting me, for adopting us, Eryn…” Iris rubbed her tears away.


  Eryn wrapped his arms around them in a tight embrace. Their teary-eyed faces tugged away at his heart strings. “Hey now, you shouldn’t be crying so soon. We haven’t had the cake yet.”


  Using one hand, Eryn stretched towards the plate of cake and pulled it closer, bringing it in front of the monstergirls. He adjusted the monstergirls on his lap, so they were facing the cake.


  “I want each of you… to make a wish.” Eryn gently stroked each of their heads.


  “A wish?” Lofie asked.


  “Yeah.” He nodded with a smile. “Something that you want to come true.”


  “Anything we want?” Melty’s ears twitched with curiosity.


  “Can we be… as selfish as we want?” Iris looked up at him.


  “Go crazy.” Eryn nodded. “Something you deeply wish for.”


  The monstergirls looked at each other in deep thought. They inched closer towards each other and began whispering among themselves.


  
    What are they talking about?
  
   Eryn grew curious with what they were discussing among themselves. He was tempted to eavesdrop.


  They then turned to the flickering flames on the cake, ready with their wishes.


  “We wish… to have a happy family.” Lofie went first with a straightforward wish.


  “And to make many, many, many memories with Eryn!” Melty exclaimed.


  “And…  to stay with Eryn forever.” Iris continued.


  
    Oh…
  
   Hearing their wishes, Eryn couldn’t utter a single word. Their words touch his heart in such a tender way. He thought they would have wished for something extravagant but this…? 
  
    Can… I truly make them happy?
  


  “It’s time to blow on the candles now.” Eryn said. “… to realize your wishes.”


  The monstergirls moved their mouths closer to the candles and, in sync, took a deep breath and blew the fires out.


  “The fire’s gone!” Melty exclaimed.


  “Will our wishes come true now?” Lofie asked, drawing her chin back to look at Eryn.


  “I think they already are!” Iris beamed, looking at Eryn with upturned eyes.


  If things continued at this rate, he felt he wouldn’t be able to hold back his tears for much longer. So to liven up the mood…


  “All right!” he clapped his hands together. “Let’s eat the cake together!” Eryn moved to the other side of the cake so he was facing the monstergirls now. Using the plastic knife that came with the cake, he began cutting it into small slices for the monstergirls. “Dig in!”


  “Lemme try, lemme try!” Melty was quite enthusiastic to eat cake. She grabbed a small slice of strawberry cake and chomped on it. The sweetness of strawberry exploded in her mouth, causing her to squeal with joy. “It tastes so good!”


  Iris took a vanilla slice and gave it little nibbles, savoring the flavor in her mouth. She hummed in delight. “I love cake!”


  Lofie took a big chocolate slice and inspected it closely with her eyes. She took a few sniffs and received a sweet smell through her nose. She opened her small mouth wide to shove the entire slice in.


  “Woah there, Lofie!” Eryn gently held her hand. “Don’t try to eat it in one go.”


  “Oh.” Lofie blinked a few times.


  “Here…” Eryn took her slice from her little hands and pulled a small chunk from it to feed her.


  “Aaaah…” Lofie chomped down on the cake from his hands. Her ears immediately began twitching with excitement at how the chocolate melted in her mouth.


  “It’s good, isn’t it?” Smiling, Eryn found her reaction adorable. “Here, give this vanilla one a try.” He cut a small chunk of vanilla and fed it to her.


  “No fair, Eryn!” Melty pouted. She pointed at her lips. “Feed me too!”


  “Haha, okay, okay.” Eryn let out a faint sigh. “Which one do you want?”


  “Chocolate!”


  Eryn took a small chunk of the chocolate layer in his hand and drew it to her mouth.


  “Aaaah…!” Melty opened her mouth and chomped on the cake from his hand. Her eyes sparked with joy. “It’s so good!”


  
    I’m glad they’re enjoying this…
  
   his gaze naturally drifted to Iris, who seemed to be stealing glances at him. She looked like she wanted to ask something. Of course, Eryn expected this to happen.


  He cut a small slice of the strawberry layer. “It’s okay to be more selfish, Iris.”


  “Huh?” Iris tilted her head at a curious angle.


  “Here.” Eryn offered the slice to her lips to feed her.


  Seeing the cake in his hand, Iris quickly stuffed the vanilla slice she was holding into her mouth, then chomped down on the slice from his hand, giving her a mixture of two sweet flavors in her mouth. She clasped her cheeks happily and her tail swayed from side to side. While it did come from the cake, she was mostly content because Eryn fed her.


  
    I never knew seeing others happy was… nice.
  
   He cherished the unfamiliar yet warm feeling growing in his chest. It wasn’t something he was used to. 
  
    Eryn, you’re starting to not sound like yourself.
  
   He cut a slice of vanilla for himself and took a bite.


  “Eryn!” Iris grabbed a chunk of the vanilla and extended her hand towards his lips. “I want to feed you!”


  “Huh?” Eryn raised an eyebrow. “N-No, it’s fi–”


  “Me too.” Lofie took a chocolate chunk and inched closer towards him.


  “I want to feed Eryn too!” Melty divided the strawberry slice she was holding, intending to feed half to Eryn.


  “Ahah, oh dear…”


  Eryn shared a sweet moment over sweet cake with the monstergirls. Never did he think he would come to see them…


  
    As a family.
  

  
    Chapter Text
    “Hum…”Eryn was sitting on the carpet cross-legged, facing his burnt couch, or at least what remained of it. The trusty couch that has served me for years… gone to ashes. Literally.“Eryn, Eryn!” Iris held a chunk of vanilla cake and drew it to his lips. It was the birthday cake they were having a while back.“Mhmm…” he mindlessly chomped down on the cake as he stroked his chin.“What are you staring at, Eryn?” Melty asked, sitting beside him.“The couch…” he replied, folding his arms in deep thought. “I’m thinking of throwing it out to clean the place up.”“Oh...” Melty looked at the couch. She still felt guilty about burning it down. Her ears draped down which didn’t escape his attention.“Haha.” Eryn gently stroked her red hair to comfort her. “Don’t worry about it, Melty. We’ll get a new one later.”“Okay…” she nodded timidly.“All right!” he stood up and walked to the couch. He tried lifting it up on one end and, surprisingly, it didn't feel that heavy. It’s really destroyed…“What are you going to do with the couch, Eryn?” Iris asked.“I’m going to–…ungh…–throw this out.” He grunted as he lifted it up and dragged it across the floor. Maybe I should push it, instead? “Make the living room a little cleaner.”“Can I help?” she asked eagerly, her tail wagging around in anticipation.“No, it’s fine.” He smiled. “I think this is a bit too heavy…”Iris walked to the other end of the couch and tried to lift it with her little hands. “Mnnngh!”“Haha, it’s okay.” He chuckled at her cute display of strength. “I’ll try to do this myself.”“What if we all do it together?” Melty suggested, moving to Iris’s left. “I think we can do it!”“Me too. Me too.” Lofie followed, walking to Iris’s right.“Hmmm…” Eryn didn’t really want to bother them with this heavy lifting. But how can I say no to those bubbly eyes? All their tails were wagging with excitement. One doesn’t simply say no…“Okay, okay.”  He sighed with a smile. “But I don’t want you to lift it. Why don’t you all push it together?” He figured that would be the easier solution for them. And probably more fun.“Okay!” they all exclaimed in unison, putting their hands against the couch.“Alright... on the count of three, two, one…!” Eryn lifted his end of the couch up and started dragging it towards the hallway.“Mnngh!” the monstergirls began pushing with all their strength. The couch moved smoothly with their combined efforts.Huh, this is working better than I expected. He wasn’t having that much trouble at all. Well, monstergirls are stronger than the average human…They moved the couch together towards the door. Eryn opened it up first before taking the couch out to the field. “Be careful with the steps!”And finally, the burnt couch was out in no time with their cooperative efforts. They’re stronger than they look… he’s seen what Melty’s capable of, so maybe it did apply to both Iris and Lofie.“Yay, we did it!” Iris hopped up with joy.“The couch is no match for us!” Melty grinned, putting her hands on her hips.“The couch you burnt down.” Lofie said in a deadpanned tone.“H-Hey…! It was an accident!” Melty huffed. The anubis’ words struck a nerve within her.Eryn found their antics amusing. Who would have thought they could find excitement in something tedious as moving a couch… maybe he’d find other things fun now with them.“Great job, everyone!” Eryn extended his palm to them for a high-five.Unexpectedly for him, they all stared at his palm confused. Iris thought he was going to give her head pats, so she happily wrapped her little hands around his fingers and put them on her head.“Uhh…” Eryn drew his hand back, much to Iris’s disappointment. Let me guess, they’ve never heard of high-fives, huh?“Aren’t you going to pat me, Eryn?” Iris asked with a pout.“N-No, I was going for a… high-five.” He clarified.“A high-five?” Their ears twitched in curiosity at the unfamiliar concept.“What’s a… high-five, Eryn?” Iris asked. “Does that mean five head pats?”“It’s when… you want to celebrate with someone for achieving something together.” He explained, organizing the right words in his mind to say. “A gesture of celebration.”“Ohhh…” their mouths formed into O’s.“A high-five…” Lofie stared at her little hands. She imitated a clapping motion.“How do you do a high-five, Eryn?” Melty asked.So, they don’t know. Eryn’s guess was proven true. It’s time for them to learn what a high-five is! He figured this could be fun.“Iris, could you show me your palm?” he asked and crouched down to their level.“Okay!” Iris obliged, presenting her palm to him.“All right.” Eryn raised his palm. “Here's how high-five works! It’s quite simple, really.”He gently slapped her palm with his, resulting in a little high-five. “There!”“Oh!” Iris’s eyes widened in surprise.“Pretty easy, isn’t it?” he smiled warmly. “I want to give you high-fives for taking the couch outside together.”“I want to try! I want to try!” Melty’s tail wagged around intensely. She raised her palm to him excitedly.“Haha, okay.” Eryn found her excitement infectious. He raised his palm to her own and Melty instinctively slapped her palm against his, resulting in a stronger high-five.“Hehehe!” Melty grinned sweetly.“Can I use two hands?” Lofie asked timidly, staring at both her palms as she curled her fingers in and out.“Why not, Lofie?” he showed both of his palms to her. “Try giving me a double high-five.” It’s double the fun!Lofie looked at her hands, then back at his. She lightly pressed her palms against his own, resulting in a gentle high-five. “Oh!” The little gesture made her ears bob up with joy.It was interesting to him that they each performed a high-five differently, yet they were all equally adorable.“Now, let’s do it all together!” Eryn exclaimed.“Yeah!” they all replied in unison. They all brought their palms together in sync and met his palm, this time resulting in a team high-five.
   CLAP! 
“Well done, everyone!” Eryn congratulated them on bringing the couch outside. They all shared a small yet special moment of happiness.On this fine occasion, he taught the monstergirls of the high-five.…...After moving the couch outside, they went back to the living room. Eryn grabbed a broom and dustpan to sweep the ashes and the little pieces of what was left of the couch.“Could I help, Eryn?” Iris asked, tugging on the hem of his shirt.“It’s okay.” He replied. She’s still eager to help… “I’ll be done in a moment.”After collecting all the remains in the dustpan, he disposed of them in the trash can. There, now the couch is no more! Without the couch here, the living room looked rather spacious. It feels kind of empty…There were still ash stains on the carpet and the floor near it. I should clean that up first. He went to the kitchen sink and took a detergent. He poured roughly a tablespoon amount into a cup of water. This should be enough. With a scrub and cup of detergent mixture in his hands, he walked to his carpet and attempted to remove the ash stains.“Can I help, Eryn?” Iris asked again, tugging on his sleeve.“It’s fine, Iris.” He put the scrub into the cup and let it absorb the liquids. “I can do this on my own.”“O-Okay…” Iris nodded, her ears draping down. She simply sat down beside him and observed his actions.Looking from the corner of his eyes, Iris seemed... restless, if he had to describe it. Like she wanted him to ask her to do something. I don’t want her to feel obligated to help all the time… given the notes he read about her, he wondered what led her to be that way. Was she… taken advantage of?“What flavor do you like, Lofie?”“I like… chocolate.”Eryn shifted his gaze to the other two monstergirls. They were currently eating the last slices of the cake. Seeing those two, an idea immediately popped into his head. I could ask Iris…“Hey, Iris?” he called her. “Could I ask for your help with something?”“What can I help with, Eryn?” Her eyes lit up and her ears wiggled with delight.“Could you help Lofie and Melty clean up?” He motioned to them. “I think they’re done eating the cake.”“Oh!” Iris stood up and turned to them. “Yes, Eryn! Leave it to me!”“Thank you, Iris.” He smiled. I think that will keep her busy for a while. A happy expression suited Iris more.He diverted his attention back to the carpet. These ash stains are tough. He scrubbed them away back and forth with intense efforts. Luckily, Melty didn’t burn the carpet… that would have been another issue.The ash stains were slowly fading away from the carpet. Nice, it’s coming off. This little victory brought a smile to his face. These ash stains will soon be no more! He doubled his efforts in cleaning the carpet and floor. And… there! It’s finished! He wiped the sweat off his forehead.“Hold still, Melty!”“You’re so heavy, Iris!”“I’m not heavy!”Eryn raised his eyebrow. What are they talking about? He stood up and turned around. Huh? His eyes widened at what he was witnessing.“Melty, a little closer…!”“How close do you want me to get?”Iris… was currently sitting on Melty’s shoulders. She was trying to wash the plate used for the cake. Lofie stood next to them, trying to peek into the kitchen sink. What are they doing?“Melty, she’s going to fall.”“Iris, I can’t hold you any longer!”“Wait, don’t drop me!”Unable to bear the weight, Melty stumbled backwards and had to let go of Iris’s legs.“Ah!” Iris fell off Melty’s shoulders, about to hit the ground.“Iris!” Reacting almost instantly, Eryn dashed towards them and caught Iris in his arms before she hit the ground. “Got you!”“Ah, Eryn!” Iris drew her head back to look up at him.“What were you two doing?” he asked, his tone laced with concern. “That was pretty dangerous!”“I was trying to wash the plate.”“I see…?” He looked at the plate on the kitchen counter.“I asked Melty to lift me up.”“You’re heavy, Iris!” Melty huffed, pointing at her. “You should have carried me instead!”“I’m not heavy!” Iris pouted at her.“Take it easy, you two.” Eryn let out a sigh as he slowly let Iris down to the floor. “Leave the dishes to me, okay? I don’t want you to hurt yourself over this.”“Eryn…” Iris bowed her head down, twiddling her fingers. “I just wanted to help…”“You’re plenty helpful, Iris. I mean that.” He patted her head to reassure her. “But I don’t want you to feel like you have to force yourself.”“Mhmm… okay.” Iris nodded, staring at her feet. She took his words to heart.“… Sorry, Iris.” Melty walked up to her and gently held her hand. “I didn’t mean to… let you go.”“It’s okay, Melty.” Iris shook her head and gave her a bright smile. “I shouldn’t have asked you to do something dangerous.”Even they can have conflicts among themselves… Eryn thought as he observed them. It’s nice to see them resolve things together. It’s like… they’re sisters.
   PLOMP! 
“Ah, Lofie?!”“Chubby Iris.”Lofie stood behind Iris and wrapped her hands under her shirt and around her waist, giving it a gentle pinch.“I’m not chubby!” Iris swiped her hands away, annoyed at the Anubis.I didn’t realize Iris was worried about how her body looked… Eryn thought. As long as she’s healthy…“Eryn, Eryn!” she ran to him and tugged at the hem of shirt, looking for reassurance. “I’m not chubby, am I?”“H-Huh?” he took a step back, wondering how to answer the question. Is there a right answer to this?“Look!” Iris lifted her shirt up to show her stomach. She grabbed his hand and pulled it, making him crouch down to her level. “It’s not that chubby!”“A-Ahh…” he touched it and gave it a gentle squeeze. Well, it’s fine, honestly… Eryn wasn’t really one to care about these kinds of things. Then again, I suppose girls… and monster girls would.“Don’t worry about it, Iris.” He smiled warmly as he patted her head. “As you are now, I think this is perfectly fine.”“Okay, Eryn!” Iris leaned into his touch, enjoying his head pats.“Mhmm…” Eryn stood up and covered his mouth, letting out a yawn. He glanced at the clock, noticing it was an hour before noon. A little nap doesn’t sound so bad… though he quickly realized the couch wasn’t an option, unless he wanted to nap on the floor…Well, there is my bedroom… he stroked his chin in deep thought. But I want it to be for the monstergirls. The next best option was his sister’s old room. Yeah, I shall rest there, then.“I think I’m going to take a little nap.” He told the monstergirls. “I’m feeling a little tired.”“Oh, naps!” Lofie’s eyes sparkled with excitement. She seemed to love sleeping the most.“Where will you sleep, Eryn?” Iris asked, putting a finger on her chin.“Probably in my other room.” He folded his arms. “I have another bed there which I could use.”“No!” Lofie pouted and softly headbutted his leg, wrapping his arms around it. “Eryn is not allowed to sleep there.”“Lofie?” he scratched the back of his head. Not allowed to sleep there? Then where…?“I want to nap with Eryn.” She nuzzled her head on to his waist.“Yeah!” Melty got behind him and started pushing towards his room. “Eryn shouldn’t be sleeping alone!”“Let’s head to our bedroom!” Iris latched on to his hand and pulled him along.“H-Hey, hold on!” Eryn cried out. They’re rebelling against me?!With their combined efforts, the monstergirls dragged him to his bedroom and pushed him onto the bed.“Yay, we did it!” Iris exclaimed with glee, pumping her fists up.“High-five!” Melty raised her palms towards Iris and Lofie, to which they returned with their own.
   CLAP! 
They all shared a moment of giggles and laughs.“A high-five for dragging me to the bedroom…” Eryn muttered under his breath. Well, they’re already putting high-fives to practice. They learn so fast. It’s just, he didn’t expect to take a similar role as his couch so soon.Lofie climbed on to the bed and tugged his sleeve, pulling him to the center of the bed.“Fine, fine…” he smiled and let out a defeated sigh as he let her drag him.“Nap here.” Lofie gently pushed him, making him lie down on the bed. She then laid beside him and snuggled her head into the crook of his neck, cuddling with him.She's assertive… Eryn thought as he caressed her brown hair.The other two monstergirls climbed onto the bed. Melty wrapped her arms around his free arm, snuggling against it. Iris crawled on top of him and tucked her head under his chin, desiring his warmth.“I think this is a little cramped, don’t you think?” he chuckled.“No.” Lofie pouted. “Eryn will nap here from now on.”“This is perfect!” Melty grinned.“I feel safe when Eryn is with us…” Iris took a sniff of his scent. To the monstergirls, his scent was reassuring, made them feel safe and secure.“Haha, I see…” Eryn smiled softly. Maybe I need to re-evaluate my decisions… he thought he was being considerate by giving them a bed they could sleep in. They may be adult monstergirls, but they’re still kids to me… of course, they would want his attention. It must have been scary when they woke up and found out I wasn’t there. That incident from this morning played back in his mind. The terrified face of Melty was ingrained into his mind. I don’t want them to go through such things again.“In that case…” Eryn raised himself up. “Let’s make some changes to this bed so we can all sleep together.”“Changes?” Iris asked.“What kind of changes, Eryn?” Melty continued.“Here, let’s get off the bed first.” He said. The monstergirls obliged, getting down from the bed.“Okay, let me just remove these pillows…” Eryn grabbed all the three pillows which was meant for each monstergirl. He walked to his wardrobe and opened it. He then took out a longer pillow, just the length of his bed and tossed the smaller pillows in.“That’s a big pillow!” Melty exclaimed.“Fluffy!” Lofie whispered, her tail wagging around with excitement, contrasting with the calm expression on her face.“Haha, sure is!” Eryn put the pillow on the bed, adjusting it against the headboard. Now, they could all lay their heads on it. He did the same for the blanket, replacing it with a much wider one that could accommodate all of them.“All right!” Eryn crawled on to the bed. Adjustments complete! “Come here.” He patted the bed.The monstergirls eagerly crawled onto the bed, returning to their original positions. This time, Melty and Lofie could comfortably rest their head on the pillows. Iris preferred to sleep on top of him, so she could smell his scent and hear his soothing heartbeat.Eryn whipped out his phone and quickly set up an alarm a few hours from now then placed it on top of the headboard.“Eryn will sleep with us from now, right?” Lofie asked, looking at him with upturned eyes. “Not just naps?”“If that is what you want, Lofie.” He gently rubbed her head.“I want it.” She quickly replied, snuggling his head on to his shoulder.“Me too!” Melty giggled sweetly. “I want all of our bedtimes with Eryn!”“Eryn is so warm…” Iris purred, cuddling her head under his chin as drowsiness settled into her eyes. “It helps me to sleep.”Seeing all their faces of joy, Eryn couldn’t help but smile at them. Never thought I’d stop sleeping alone… it was oddly nice to have them at his side. His heart felt… calm and blissful. Deep down inside, maybe he, too, didn’t want to wake up alone anymore. He was looking forward to waking up now.
  I won’t leave them alone again.

  
    Chapter Text
    
    RING! RING! RING!  
Eryn’s eyes shot open. With an impressive reflex, he quickly deactivated his phone alarm with the swipe of his fingers. He was even shocked at himself. Why did I do that…?  He blinked in confusion, staring at his hand. I’m usually chill with that…It was not until he felt someone snuggling against his arms and chest that he realized… ah right, I adopted three monstergirls.He looked around himself and saw the monstergirls sleeping very peacefully with him. He noticed their calm expressions and heard their faint breaths. As he looked left and right, Melty and Lofie were cuddling against him. Under his chin, he felt a soft, familiar sensation nuzzling him. It was Iris, sleeping peacefully on top of him. Ah, right…  memories of a few hours ago flashed through his mind. We decided to sleep together in my room from now on. He was actually forced into this by the monstergirls, but as long as they were happy, he had no problems listening to them.He briefly glanced at the clock. A couple of hours after noon… it was a good nap, in his opinion. He wanted to get off the bed, but he didn’t want to wake the monstergirls up. Seeing their blissful expressions, he just didn’t have it in his heart to interrupt their naps. On the other hand… he didn’t want a repeat of last time where his couch was burned to ashes. No way he’d risk burning his entire bed in his room this time. Losing my bed is another problem. But more importantly...He never wanted the monstergirls to wake up alone and scared anymore.“Iris. Lofie. Melty…” he whispered their names. He gently stroked Melty’s and Lofie’s hair.“Mnnmh…” Iris slowly opened her eyes, blinking a few times. She raised her head up, looking at him with half-lidded eyes.“Hey, Iris.” He smiled softly. “How’s the nap?”“Eryn…” she buried her head in the crook of his neck, closing her eyes once more. She snuggled against him and went back to sleep.“Er…” Eryn blinked. That did not go as planned. He softly nudged Melty and Lofie, hoping they’d wake up soon.“Mnnnh…” Melty’s eyelids twitched. She slowly opened her eyes, blinking a few times to clear her vision. She raised her body and rubbed her eyes together.“Hey, Melty…” he smiled at her.“Eryn…” Melty looked around herself then focused back on him. “Eryn!” She wrapped her little hands around his head and nuzzled her cheek on his own.“I’m here, Melty…” he whispered. He figured Melty was already feeling anxious when she woke up and thought he wouldn’t be there like last time.“You didn’t disappear!” she beamed.“Haha, of course.” Eryn chuckled. It’s not like I could if I wanted to… he was squished between the monstergirls. It was impossible to use stealth to get out of this. Not that I’m planning too, anymore.“Are you already done with your nap, Eryn?” she asked, pulling herself away.“Yeah…” he motioned his eyes to the two sleeping monstergirls. “I’m, uh… stuck, though. Could you… help me wake them up?”“Leave it to me, Eryn!” Melty pumped her fist up, her tail waving around. She moved behind Iris, wrapped her arms around her waist, and…
    FWOSH!  
… yanked her off of Eryn!“Kyaaah?!” The catgirl’s eyes shot open, being picked up so suddenly.“Wakie, wakie, Iris!” Melty giggled playfully. “Nap time is over!”“L-Let me go!” Iris huffed and thrashed around in her hug. “I was about to wake up! I didn’t fall asleep again!”Eryn covered his mouth, trying to restrain his laughs. I really didn’t expect Melty to take… extreme measures. Well, those two were fully awake now. He turned to the sleeping Anubis, who hadn’t budged at all.“Lofie…” he stroked her hair affectionately. “Wake up…”Rather than waking up, Lofie tightened her grip on his shirt and snuggled closer to him.“Lofie…” he poked her cheek a couple of times. “It’s time to get up.”“She’s a heavy sleeper, Eryn!” Melty said, moving to Lofie’s side. “Look! She won’t even wake up when I do this!”Melty slid her hands under her shirt and began tickling her all over her stomach. There was zero reaction from the Anubis. She was still sleeping peacefully.“W-Wow…” he ruffled his hair. “She falls asleep easily and is a heavy sleeper?” That’s an interesting combination…“Lofie’s always been like this.” Iris replied, staring at her sleeping face. “We don’t know how to wake her up. We’ve tried a lot of things.”“Oh, really?” Eryn stroked his chin, curious. “What have you tried, if I may ask?”“I tried tickling her everywhere.” Melty answered, listing off her fingers. “I also tried slapping her face.”“Y-You slapped her face?”“Yeah!” Melty nodded. “I also tried dumping a bucket of water on her! And she still didn’t wake up!”“…” Eryn could only stare at her dumbfounded. Should I be surprised Melty would do those things without hesitation or that Lofie wouldn’t even wake up at all? These monstergirls continue to surprise him every day…“We tried putting tasty food near her nose.” Iris said. “… she still wouldn’t wake up.”“Hmmm…” Eryn scratched the back of his head. To say Lofie was a heavy sleeper is a serious understatement. I wonder if there’s a reason for that. Was it an Anubis thing? I should refer to the notes later…Eryn gently lifted her up, cradling her in his arms. He gently stroked her brown hair. “Let’s not bother her then. We’ll wait until she wakes up.”“Okay!” Both Iris and Melty exclaimed.“So…” he glanced at the clock, seeing it was a few hours past afternoon. Perfect time for some food! “Are any of you feeling hungry for lunch?”“Oh, me! Me!” Melty raised both her palms excitedly, her tail wiggling around. “I want to have lunch!”“Me too, Eryn!” Iris’s ears perked up at the word lunch.“Great.” He got off the bed while still carrying Lofie in his arms. “I’m feeling hungry, too. I’ll fix us some lunch.”He moved to the kitchen with the monstergirls following behind him shortly. What should I make today… oh! I should try out the meals I bought! He lifted the plastic bag of items and set it on the kitchen counter. One by one, he took out three general meals for each of the monstergirls. They were the same meals, so he could keep things simple for now. It was his first time making meals for them, so he’d take his time and start slow. Mhmm… it’s hard to do this with one hand.  He observed the sleeping Lofie in his other arm. Her hands were gripping his shirt tightly. If he had a couch, he’d lay her there to sleep. Let’s see what I can do…“Eryn! Eryn!” Iris tugged the hem of his shirt. “Is there anything I can help with?”“Iris…” He shifted his gaze to her. She’s always asking for help, eh? He’s come to understand her a bit more. “Sure. Could you set the plates and glasses?”He took three plates and glasses from the dishwasher and set it on the counter in Iris’s reach. Moving back and forth, she eagerly took one plate and glass at a time and set it on the dining table.“How do I go about this…” He tried opening the packaging of the general meals, but he struggled quite a bit. Not really easy with one hand…“How about me, Eryn?” Melty asked, looking at him expectantly. “Can I help?”“Could you open the packaging of these meals?” Eryn handed them to her. “I’m having a hard time opening them.”“Leave it to me!” Melty gingerly took the meals and easily ripped the packaging apart. She put them back on the kitchen counter. “Done!”“Thanks, Melty.” He patted her head to which she let out a giggle. He then inspected the contents of the meals. Opening the lid, the meal was divided into four compartments: fruits and veggies, grains, meat, and dessert. Wow, this seems like a complete set. For the price, this seemed extremely worth it. I could make use of this template, even for myself. He didn’t expect to see dessert on the menu. I’m sure they’d love this.On today’s lunch menu, he opted for strawberries, white rice, chicken, and pudding. It wasn’t a combination he’d normally have, but the monstergirls would probably like this. Right, so I should focus on the rice and chicken first. The strawberries and pudding were already prepared. For the chicken, it was already seasoned so all he had to do was fry them.He took a pot and placed it in the kitchen sink. He poured enough uncooked rice for the monstergirls and himself, then turned on the tap to let water stream into the pot. After putting enough water, he began running his hand through the soaked rice and rinsed them. I wonder if I could start frying the chicken…“Could I help with anything else, Eryn?” Iris tugged on the hem of his shirt. Again.“Hmmm…” Well, I think she could do this. Eryn placed a stool in front of him. “I definitely could, Iris! Can you get on the stool?” She stepped on to the stool so she could see into the pot.“I just need you to rinse the rice.” He explained, guiding her hands to grab a fistful of rice and squeeze them in the water. Perhaps she could see this as playing around with the rice, so maybe it wouldn’t be so bad. “Could you do that for me?”“Okay!” Iris imitated what he did and began rinsing the rice to the best of her ability.Eryn moved to the stove and set a new frying pan on it. He poured oil into and attempted to turn on the flames…
   Flames… 
“Wow, a fire appeared!” Melty exclaimed, looking at the burning stove in awe.Eryn shifted his gaze to Melty. Her body could generate intense flames, couldn’t it? He witnessed the destructive power of her flames firsthand. It would be kind of interesting if she fried the chicken directly with her flames… just then an idea popped into his mind. Why… don’t I just ask her if she could? There was no harm in trying.“Hey, Melty?” He placed the chicken on a plate. “Are you able to… use flames?”“Of course!” she beamed, her eyes sparkling with excitement. “I can create fires quite easily! Do you want to see?”“S-Sure…?” Eryn hoped this wasn’t a bad decision.Melty raised her hand and snapped her fingers, igniting itself in flames. “Tadaa!”“W-Wow!” Eryn gasped, genuinely surprised. She can actually create flames at will?! He was half-serious when he asked that question. She’s like a wizard!“I can even raise my body heat to super high levels!” she pointed at herself.“That’s amazing, Melty.” he stared at the chicken meat, then back at her. It was too tempting to ask her, so he rolled with it. “Is it possible to cook this using your flames?”“Sure!” Melty nodded. “Let me try!” Well, here goes nothing…  Eryn handed the plate of chicken meat to her. What’s the worst that could–“HIYAAAH!” Melty generated a fireball in her hand and slammed it into the plate, creating a small burst of flames on impact.“W-Woah?!” He flinched from her cry and the burst of flashing light. I was not prepared for that! What’s surprising though… the chicken meat was already grilled and ready to be served.“And there!” Melty took a big sniff of the aroma coming from the grilled chicken. “It smells really good, Eryn!”“What in the actual…” Eryn was left speechless at the sight. She… actually cooked it?! With her flames?! It only took a second but the chicken meat was already grilled! The aroma from the food was delectable!“Ah!” Melty took a few seconds to realize she burnt his sleeve. “Eryn! I’m sorry! I burnt off your sleeve!”“Huh?” Eryn raised his hand, only now realizing a searing heat lingering around it. That stings! His sleeve was, unfortunately, burnt off. Oh, it is. The cooked chicken surprised him to the point he couldn’t feel the burning sensation.“Sorry, Eryn…” Melty bowed her down, guilt settling into her heart. “I… got too excited.”“Don’t worry about it, Melty.” He patted her head between her ears to comfort her. “I asked you to do this without really considering the consequences.”“B-But…” Melty sniffed, tears welling up in her eyes and clenching the hem of her shirt. “I hurt Eryn! I don’t want Eryn to get hurt…”“Aw, Melty… I didn’t get hurt.” He waved his arm around to show he was okay. “See? I’m completely fine.”“Mnngh…” Melty rubbed her tears away. “O-Okay…”He smiled softly, showing his palm. “Here, let’s do a high-five.”Melty stared at her palm, then back at his. She raised her palm and meekly hit him for a little clap. A small grin formed on her face.“Thanks for helping me, Melty.” He grinned back. A smile suits her the best. So Melty is able to manipulate flames and heat. She’s also incredibly strong and has a lot of stamina.  He made a mental note of that. He recalled never reading this in the notes. Might need to start writing it down. He cast a side glance at the catgirl and Anubis in his arms. He wondered if they possessed any supernatural abilities like her… well, they aren’t human. I wouldn’t be surprised if they did.“Eryn! Eryn!” Iris called him, prompting him to turn around. “Is the rice done?” I’m surprised Iris didn’t notice any of that chaos. He walked to her side and checked the rice. “Yeah, this should be fine.”“Mnnnh…” Iris stared at him expectantly, her tail wagging left and right.“… Oh, haha.” Eryn let out a soft chuckle as he patted her head. She sure needs her head pats. “Thanks for the help, Iris.”“Hehe~” she giggled cutely, enjoying the warmth of his head pats.“Mnnngh…” Lofie slowly opened her eyes, finally waking up. Oh, she’s waking up? Eryn bowed his head down to her. “Afternoon, Lofie…” He whispered, planting a little kiss on her forehead.“Eryn…” she snuggled her head under his chin, feeling comfortable in his hug. “Good morning…”“It’s not morning, Lofie!” Iris huffed. “Wake up! You’re bothering Eryn!”“Yeah, yeah!” Melty agreed. The two monstergirls seemed to be very annoyed at the little Anubis.“Haha, it’s all right with me.” He gently rubbed her cheek in circular motions. “How was your nap, Lofie?”“… Good.” she answered. “I feel really safe sleeping with Eryn.”“I see…” Eryn hummed. Safe, huh? I’m glad she slept well. “Could I put you down, Lofie? I’m making lunch for us.”“Mnnngh…” Lofie pouted but gave little nods. She was quite comfortable in his arms, but her sisters were right. How adorable…  Eryn gently let her down on the ground. She stretched her arms upwards and rubbed her eyes.He continued with making lunch. Occasionally, Iris and Melty would ask if they could help, and he’d give them easy tasks to do to keep them busy.
   A while later… 
…...“Enjoy your lunch!”Eryn finally finished making their food. For each monstergirl, he served white rice, grilled chicken, a cup of strawberries, and pudding.“Waaaw…!” the monstergirls exclaimed in awe. It’s been a while since they had a warm meal together with a family. Actually, it might even be their first time sharing a meal as a family.“It looks really colorful!” Iris clapped her hands together.“Can I start eating it, Eryn?” Melty asked eagerly, her eyes homing in on her meal.“Of course.” He nodded. “Go right ahead.”He observed the monstergirls for a moment. He noticed some interesting things about the monstergirls, particularly the way they were having their meals. Iris picked up her spoon and fork and began digging into her meal. Melty used her hand and her fork to eat, aggressively stabbing the fork into the meat while using her hand to eat the rice. And Lofie… she stuffed her cheeks, looking like a squirrel who stuffed its mouth full of nuts. It was a cute sight to see and made him chuckle.“Lofie, you shouldn’t eat so much at a time.” He grabbed a napkin and gently rubbed the food stains off her mouth.Lofie simply blinked at him, looking like she wanted to say something but it came out incomprehensible to his ears since her mouth was full and all.“Haha, just take it slow.” He smiled softly. Perhaps she’s just used to eating like this. She did try to eat the cake in the same manner. Mhmm… when was the last time I shared a warm meal with my family?  Eryn cast his gaze in the distance, rummaging through his mind for memories. Have I ever experienced this… familial warmth? There was a certain feeling he couldn’t quite describe as he watched the monstergirls happily chowing down on their food. A feeling that made his chest warm and fuzzy. Nothing came to his mind, but this feeling with the monstergirls right now, it felt oddly…Nostalgic.
   I guess it’s true what they say about sharing a meal together… 

   It tastes better. 

  
    Chapter Text
    
  “Eryn, could I help wash the dishes?”


  “It’s fine, Iris. I’m almost done washing them.”


  After having a warm lunch with the monstergirls, Eryn washed off all their dishes and returned them to the dishwasher. As usual, Iris asked him if she could wash the dishes instead, but he told her to enjoy her pudding. 
  
    She shouldn’t really be this involved with chores…
  
   of course, he appreciated her help. There was just more to life than doing chores…


  … like eating sweets, for example.


  “This pudding tastes so good!” Melty exclaimed in joy, her eyes forming star-shaped pupils.


  Lofie nodded frantically to express her agreement. It should come as no surprise that she… shoved the entire pudding into her mouth. Luckily, the pudding was small, so she could chew and swallow it easily.


  “I guess I should try it out.” He smiled as he turned to them. He picked up his pudding and tossed it into his mouth. A sweet and fluffy taste enveloped his tongue. 
  
    Pretty good, I must say!
  


  “So, what do you all think about today’s lunch?” He asked, glancing at each monstergirl. “Did you enjoy it?”


  “Yeah!” was the automatic reply. They all dearly loved the lunch Eryn made. The food tasted great, but it was primarily the fact that he was the one who made the lunch. As long as it involved him, the monstergirls were bound to enjoy it.


  “Glad to hear that.” He let out a sigh of relief. 
  
    Lunch was a success. I could prepare dinner in a similar manner…
  
   he’d get used to making breakfast, lunch, and dinner for them.


  “Eryn, Eryn.” Lofie walked up to him and wrapped her little arms around his waist as much as she could. She softly headbutted him.


  “What is it, Lofie?” Eryn patted her head, finding her way of getting his attention odd yet amusing.


  “When is bath time?”


  “Bath time?” Eryn glanced at the clock on the wall. “Do you want to take a bath, Lofie?”


  “Hum!” she nodded, looking at him with upturned eyes.


  “Sure.” He smiled. “Let me just get your change of–…. Oh.” His voice trailed off at the end as he realized something quite 
  
    crucial
  
  . He observed Lofie’s clothes from top to bottom, the pajamas he handed to her recently. 
  
    Do I have any other clothes that fit them?
  
   He didn’t know if he had any more change of clothes for Iris and Melty, too. As far as he remembered, he didn’t find any other clothes in his sister’s room. And his clothes, being too big for them, were out of the question. Their old clothes from the shelter haven’t been washed but he’d rather not have them wear those again.


  “Ah, Lofie… I just remembered something.” He crouched down to her level. “I don’t have any new clothes for you to wear.”


  “Oh.” Lofie bowed her head down to look at her clothes, then looked back at him. “Then I will not wear clothes.” She said confidently.


  “No, no… that won’t be good, Lofie.” He chuckled and caressed her hair. 
  
    What a bold idea of hers.
  
   “I’ll buy you some new clothes.”


  “New clothes from Eryn…” Lofie’s eyes sparkled at the thought of receiving new clothes from him.


  Eryn stood up and checked his phone. He searched up the mall he often visited. 
  
    There should be some clothing brands there I could explore. 
  
  He scrolled through their website to see the available stores. 
  
    Hmmm… are there clothing brands exclusive to monstergirls?
  
   The centaur and arachne came to his mind. Special clothing would have to be tailored to their kind of bodies. Looking at the little monstergirls, their bodies looked human enough for typical children's clothes to fit them. 
  
    Aside from their ears and tails, minor adjustments could be made.
  


  Eryn put on his windbreaker and mask. He grabbed his wallet and inspected his savings. 
  
    This should be enough, hopefully.
  


  “What are you doing, Eryn?” Iris asked.


  “Oh, I’ll be heading to a mall.” He answered. “To buy new clothes for you, Melty, and Lofie. We can’t have you wearing only pajamas now, can we?”


  “New clothes for us?” Iris’s eyes widened in surprise. To think he would provide them not only a home, a bed, meals… but also new clothes? She felt extremely grateful to him. “Can I come with you?”


  “I want to come along, too!” Melty exclaimed, latching her arms around his hand.


  “Me too…” Lofie headbutted him again.


  “A-Ahhh…” Eryn rubbed the side of his neck awkwardly. He anticipated this would happen. Looking at their adorable faces, he found himself hesitating to turn them down, but he had a valid reason (which he only remembered just moments ago) to do so. “Sorry, I can’t let you come with me.”


  “Wha…” Their expressions immediately broke into shock and frowns, which made Eryn feel guilty.


  “Why not, Eryn?!” Melty fumed, squeezing his arm. “You went jogging with me before! What’s wrong with going to the mall?”


  “I want to go with Eryn…” Lofie pouted.


  “Is… there a reason why we can’t go, Eryn?” Iris rubbed her fingers together.


  Eryn hummed. 
  
    I wasn’t expecting Iris to ask the reason. 
  
  He was already going to explain himself, but she made things easier for him to bring this up.


   “There’s a very important reason.” Eryn dropped to his knees. “Melty, when we went jogging, we stopped by that bakery, right?”


  “Yeah!”


  “It was fine for us to enter the bakery.” He continued. “If I remember correctly, the shopkeeper said the bakery opened a few weeks ago… and she was a monstergirl, I believe?” 
  
    Some type of spider, I forgot…
  


  “Ah! The arachne?”


  “Right, the arachne.” He nodded, finally remembering the name. 
  
    How do I explain this in simple words…
  
   “You see… for little shops like that bakery, it’s totally fine for us to enter them. It’s managed by a monstergirl, right?”


  “Right.”


  “Then… what about the big stores? Like malls and plazas? Those are places where many humans and monstergirls visit. And those places would require all monstergirls to have a 
  
    monstergirl ID
  
  .”


  “A… monstergirl ID?” Iris tilted her head at a curious angle.


  This was a fact Eryn only just remembered recently. He knew it was required by law for monstergirls to be registered to their owners. Though there were few exceptions to this rule. Monstergirls who have reached full maturity and are able to assimilate into human society on their own can acquire a monstergirl ID without owners, though this was not common.


  
    “You’ll need to register these monstergirls under your ownership eventually.”
  
   Aiden had mentioned to him the day he took the monstergirls into his care.


  “Yep!” he nodded. “As much as I would love to, without those IDs, I can’t really take you all outside to places like the mall.”


  “That’s not fair!” Melty puffed her cheeks out.


  “Mhmm…” Lofie’s ears draped down in a sad manner.


  “Ah…” Eryn’s heart tightened at the sight of their sad faces, as if chains were coiling around his heart. 
  
    There’s nothing I can do about this… at least not now…
  


  “We shouldn’t force Eryn to take us out.” Iris turned to the two monstergirls, putting her hands on her hips. “It’s not Eryn’s fault.”


  “Iris…”


  “I’m… a bit sad we can’t go with Eryn but…” she gave him the brightest smile she could muster. “I know Eryn wants the best for us.”


  “Mnnngh…” Melty crossed her arms with a pout. “I know that…”


  Lofie remained silent, just twiddling with her fingers. They both couldn’t say anything because they didn’t want to bother Eryn.


  
    I can always count on Iris to keep her sisters together…
  
   it’s no wonder she’s the eldest one.


  “Iris.” He stroked her head. “Can I count on you again to watch over the house?”


  “… Yes!” Iris pumped her fist to her chest proudly. “I will do my best!”


  “Thank you.” He smiled softly at her then stood up. 
  
    I really don’t want to leave them alone… I’ll be back as soon as I can.
  
   He walked to the door, the monstergirls following behind. He opened the door and stepped outside.


  “Be safe, Eryn!” Iris waved.


  “Don’t take too long, okay?” Melty exclaimed.


  “I wi–woah?”


  Lofie ran up to him and hugged him tightly, nuzzling her head against him. “Please… come home soon.”


  “Lofie…” this was a side of her he hadn’t seen yet. Her expression tugged away at his heartstrings. He dropped to her level and pulled her into his tender embrace. “I’ll be back soon.”


  “Promise?”


  “Promise.”


  Eventually, Lofie pulled away and gave him a timid smile. She walked back to her sisters and waved goodbye to which Eryn returned.


  After locking the door, Eryn walked to a small garage located behind his house. He lifted the garage door up, revealing his trusty vehicle–his motorcycle which originally belonged to his mother. 
  
    It’s been a while since we rode together…
  
   he readied his helmet and keys for the motorcycle.


  
    Time to fire up the engine!
  



  
    Sometime later…
  


  …


  ..


  .

 

  Eryn had finally reached the mall. After parking his motorcycle and strapping his helmet to it, he walked to the entrance which was an automatic sliding door. Upon entering, he was greeted with the sight of many shops and levels which spanned up to the sky. More interesting though was the variety of monstergirls doing their business here. 
  
    I didn’t realize there were that many of them…
  

He moved to one of the digital maps in front of him and scanned it closely, looking for clothing brands. I wonder what brand sells children’s clothing? Or maybe monstergirl clothing? He figured he could check the brands one by one. The clothing stores were on the upper floors, so he made way to an escalator that connected to those floors.

  Around him, he saw other monstergirls shopping together with what he assumed were their owners. 
  
    It might have been nice if I could bring them along…
  
   the little monstergirls’ sad expressions were still fresh in his mind. 
  
    I’ll come back as fast as I can…
  


  Getting off the escalator, he could immediately recognize various clothing brands lined across the area. Some were human brands, then others were designed for monstergirls. 
  
    A very interesting variety…
  
   he took step towards one of the shops and–


  “Mnnnguh…”


  “Huh…?'' The sound of someone crying stopped him in his tracks, prompting him to turn his head. 
  
    Is someone crying? 
  
  His eyes landed on a little girl in the distance, standing near the wall. She had short pink hair with two little pigtails coming out of the sides which really stood out. Both her eyes were different colors: the left a pink shade, the right a blue one. 
  
    Is she… lost?
  
   He didn’t know if he wanted to approach her and turn a blind eye to this… but seeing her in this state reminded him of the monstergirls.


  He hated seeing them cry.


  He approached the little girl and crouched down in front of her. 
  
    How does one talk to a lost child?
  
   He hoped he didn’t come off as intimidating. “Uhm, hey…”


  Sobbing, the little girl raised her head to look at him.


  “What’s… wrong?” he asked in a gentle tone.


  “My mommy…” she sniffed, rubbing her eyes. “I lost my mommy.”


  “I’m… sorry to hear that.” He rubbed the side of his neck. 
  
    A lost child… she must be really scared.
  
   “Do you know where you last saw your mommy?”


  “Over there…” she meekly pointed at a nearby clothing store which happened to be the place Eryn wanted to check.


  “I see…” he hummed. 
  
    What should I do… should I stay with her here or help look for her mother? Or do I report to the authorities?
  
   He’s never been in this situation. What would be the right thing to do…?


  “Do you… want to look for your mommy with me?” he offered, going with his gut feeling. 
  
    Actually, I’m just a stranger, aren’t I…?
  


  Much to his surprise, she nodded her head timidly and reached her hand out.


  “Okay.” He gently took her hand. “I promise we’ll find your mommy together.”


  Eryn led her to the clothing store where she last saw her mother. 
  
    It looks like a small place, we might be able to find her mother soon.
  
   Upon entering the store, it turns out the store had multiple levels! And the lines of products extended out as far as his eyes could see! 
  
    What the… it looks much bigger from the inside?!
  
   Of course, it wasn’t going to be this easy.


  “Oh, sorry.” Eryn shifted his gaze to her. “I should… introduce myself.  My name is Eryn. What’s your name?”


  “… Taki.” She whispered.


  “Taki… that’s a lovely name.” he smiled softly. “May I ask how your mommy looks?”


  “My hair… it’s pink like hers.” She tugged at her pigtails.


  “I see!” 
  
    Her hair color does stand out… it should be recognizable.
  
   “How about your mommy’s clothes? Could you describe them?”


  “She’s… wearing a maid costume.”


  “… A maid costume?” Eryn blinked in surprise. That was the absolute last answer he expected to hear. 
  
    Is her mother a… cosplayer?
  


  “Yeah!” her lips slowly curved into a smile. “Mommy looks really cute in it!”


  “I… see?” he nodded. 
  
    Well, pink hair and a maid costume… she would stand out in a crowd, even among monstergirls…
  


  As he looked around the store though, it was somewhat crowded. Finding a woman wearing a maid costume might still prove to be difficult… if only they could broaden their search…


  “Taki.” He dropped to his knees beside her. “It might be difficult to find your mommy in this place. Could I lift you onto my shoulders so we’ll have a better chance?”


  “… Okay.” She bobbed her head down. Getting her approval, he slowly lifted her up and sat her down on his shoulders, holding her legs in place. She got a better view of the store and could see farther.


  “Do you see your mommy, Taki?” Eryn asked as he walked around.


  “… Oh!” Taki’s eyes lit up. “I see mommy! She’s over there!”


  Eryn followed her line of sight. Sure enough, there was a woman wearing a maid outfit who seemed to be frantically looking around, presumably searching for her daughter.


  
    Thank god…
  
   he gently put Taki down and urged her towards her mother. “Go on, reunite with your mommy.”


  Taki immediately ran towards her mother, stretching her arms out. “Mommy! Mommy!”


  
    I’m glad she’s found her mother. 
  
  Eryn stepped aside and let them be. 
  
    All’s well that ends well…
  
   now that he was here at the store–


  “Excuse me!”


  “Ah…?” Eryn turned around and saw Taki’s mother approaching him.


  “Thank you so much for finding my daughter!” she gracefully bowed herself at the waist. “I’m truly grateful!”


  “N-No, it’s nothing!” Eryn waved his hand around. He wasn’t used to these kinds of interactions.


  “Thank you, mister!” Taki grinned from ear to ear. “I told my mommy you helped me!”


  “I-I see…” he averted his gaze, blushing slightly. “You’re… very welcome.”


  “You must let me repay you!” her mother exclaimed.


  “W-What?” he took a step back. “No, no. It’s fine! I was just doing what anyone else would do…”


  “Please, I insist!” she pressed on. “I wouldn’t let any kindness such as yours go to waste.”

“A-Ah…” Eryn ruffled his hair, feeling rather perplexed. She’s… quite a character. All I did was help her daughter… which may or may not be a big deal. He imagined it happening to the monstergirls and admitted he would probably do the same thing… maybe it is a big deal.

  His eyes drifted to the shopping bag in her hand. 
  
    New clothes…
  
   that is what he came here for. What better person to ask than a mother?


  “Mhmm, maybe there is one thing…” he nervously scratched his cheek. “This is actually my first time shopping for clothes for… children.”


  “Oh!” the mother’s eyes lit up. “Are you perhaps a parent, too?”


  “You could put it that way…?” he never really thought of himself as a parent to the monstergirls. “I’ve… adopted three kids recently. I’m quite new to this.”


  “Awww, a new parent of three? I bet they must be thrilled to have found a new family.” she smiled softly.


  “I sure hope so…” he silently sighed.


  “You’re looking for new clothes for your three kids?” she stroked her chin for a moment. “I’d be happy to help you pick some new ones!”


  “I’d appreciate that a lot, miss… uhm…”


  “Akiko.” She offered her hand for a handshake. “My name is Akiko.”


  “Akiko…” he gave her hand a good shake. “My name is Eryn. A pleasure to make your acquaintance.”


  And so, to return the favor, Akiko helped Eryn to choose new clothes for the monstergirls. Casual, home, going out, formal, and many other outfits would be added into Eryn’s selection. Luckily, Taki was roughly the same size as the monstergirls, so Eryn didn’t have much trouble choosing the correct sizes.


  After paying for their items, they exited the clothing store.


  “Thank you so much for your help, Akiko.” Eryn bowed his head. “The… kids will really be happy.”


  “Just returning the favor, Eryn.” Akiko smiled sweetly. “I would–”


  
    RING! RING!
  


  “Ah, excuse me…” Akiko quickly took out her phone and answered it, then put it back. “Sorry, my husband is waiting for me.”


  “Daddy is here?” Taki asked, tugging at her mother’s skirt.


  “No worries.” He smiled. “Talk about perfect timing. I have to get back soon, too.” 
  
    I’ve kept them waiting long enough…
  


  “It was nice meeting you, Eryn.” Akiko took something out of her bag and slapped it into his palm. “You should come here with your kids someday! I would love to meet them.”


  “Hmmm…?” Eryn scanned the item in his hands intently. It was a voucher to a maid café… 
  
    Oh!
  
   Now the maid costume made more sense. 
  
    It’s where she works!
  


  “Bye, Eryn!” Akiko turned around, taking her daughter’s hand in hers. “I have a feeling this won’t be our last encounter!”


  “Thank you, mister Eryn!” Taki waved back.


  “Thank you, too…” he waved back as their figures slowly disappeared in the distance. 
  
    Akiko and Taki… I wonder if we’ll meet again?
  


  He stared at the shopping bag in his hand, feeling quite content. 
  
    Can’t wait to head back home! They’re waiting for me!
  



  …


  ..


  .


  The monstergirls were sitting together on the carpet. To distract herself, Lofie drew various pictures of their family on her sketchbook. Melty played around with her fire magic to get a better control of it so she wouldn’t hurt Eryn accidentally. And Iris… she simply observed them in silence. After all, Eryn entrusted her to watch over the house… whatever that meant, she still was figuring that out.


  “Eryn… will come back to us, right?” Melty asked, her flames gradually dimming.


  “Of course, Eryn will!” Iris answered. “He’s given us so much.”


  “Eryn’s… a good person.” Lofie added.


  “Eryn… won’t leave us like the… others, right?” Melty cast her gaze down, remembering some… 
  
    memories
  
   from their past homes, if they could be called that.


  “…” Iris couldn’t really say anything to her. They’ve been through some... owners who gave off very nice first impressions, but then ended up treating them terribly. But… she felt she could trust Eryn. He’s given them a home, a bed to sleep in, new clothes, meals, and even baths! And he’s never once hurt them in any way.


  Melty hugged her knees as her thoughts spiraled into worries. She never sensed any malicious intentions from Eryn. Yet, she couldn’t stop herself from worrying about negative scenarios. What if Eryn were to…


  “Eryn won’t leave us.” Iris scooted to her and cradled her hand. “Eryn will come back.”


  “I wish Eryn would come back now…” she pouted.


  “I’m sure Eryn’s buying us many clothes!” Iris clapped her hands. “That’s why Eryn’s taking some time–”


  
    CLICK!
  


  The sound of a door unlocking could be heard, prompting them all to turn their heads and twitch their ears.


  “Oh!” Melty hopped up. “Eryn’s home!”


  Lofie immediately put her sketchbook and crayon set down. “Eryn!” The two monstergirls were elated to hear him back so soon. But the same could not be said for Iris…


  “…!” Iris took a few sniffs of the air. An unfamiliar, strange scent passed through her sensitive nose… one that 
  
    didn’t belong to Eryn.
  
   Melty and Lofie wouldn’t be able to tell since their sense of smell isn’t as keen as Iris.


  “Let’s go meet Er–”


  “No!” Iris snatched her sisters’ hands and pulled her behind her. She spread her arms apart, as if shielding them.


  “Iris?” Melty’s brows curved upwards. “What’s wrong?”


  “… That’s not Eryn.”

  
    Chapter Text
    
  Finally home!
Eryn took off his helmet and keys, and placed them in the garage. After putting away his motorcycle and leaving the garage, he shut the garage door down.In his hands were shopping bags containing brand new clothes for the monstergirls. Spent a lot of money, but at least they’ll be able to wear comfortably. He walked around his house to reach the door. He inserted the key into the lock and…“Huh…?” his eyes widened in surprise. He tried twisting the key, but it was already… unlocked? Did I forget to lock the door? He clearly remembered locking it. Hmmm… he pushed the door open and immediately noticed something out of the ordinary…A pair of shoes…? Shoes he’d never seen before in the shoe rack. Are they mine?“My, you’re quite cuter up close!” a cheery voice could be heard from the living room.That voice… Eryn felt like he heard it before. But more importantly… it didn’t belong to any of the monstergirls. He dropped the bags down and dashed to the living room. Is someone else here?! A trespasser?!“Your cheeks are very soft to touch!”“Hey! What’s going on–….”Another person was there. A girl? Someone who looked familiar… and she was currently squeezing Lofie’s cheeks. Iris and Melty seemed to be keeping their distance from this stranger.“Grrrr…” Lofie growled at this person who was not clearly Eryn. Her ears and tail stood tall, being on high alert.“… Azusa?” Eryn called out, recognizing the long black hair flowing down her back.“… Eryn?” the girl in question turned her head around to look over her shoulder. Blue eyes equipped with glasses met his own. She wore a red plaid jacket over a green tank top with black jeans fitting her legs. Her eyes lit up with recognition and her lips broke into a wide smile. “Hey! You’re finally–!”
   CHOMP! 
“Ouch?!”“Mnnngh!” Lofie bit her hand, sinking her canine teeth into her skin.“H-Hey! I’m sorry!” Azusa panicked, struggling to pull her hand out of her mouth. But Lofie had an iron grip.“Lofie?!” Eryn ran to her and wrapped his arms around her from behind. “Lofie, let go!” She’s got a surprisingly strong hold on her finger!“I won’t touch your cheeks agai–Ow ow ow!” Azusa frantically shook her hand, but all it did was make Lofie bite harder.“Lofie!” Eryn called out in a stern voice. “Stop it! Don’t bite her!”Scared by Eryn’s voice, Lofie reluctantly opened her mouth and let Azusa’s hand free.“Ouch, ouch, ouch…!” Azusa stared at her bitten hand. Blood was slowly trickling out. “She’s got some teeth, I must say!”“Wait right there. I’ll fetch some bandages.” He moved to his fridge and opened the medical compartment to take some bandages. “Lofie, stay put.”Lofie silently stared at Azusa, glaring at her.“E-Easy there…” Azusa shifted herself backwards. Lofie’s eyes drilled into her skull, piercing her soul. “I w-won’t touch you again…”“Hold still.” Eryn crouched down in front of her and took her hand. He gently wiped the blood away with a cloth and plastered the bandage over it.“Thank you, Eryn…” she smiled weakly.“I’ve got lots of questions to ask you.” He sighed, rubbing his forehead. First things first, he needed to make sure the monstergirls were all right. “Iris, Lofie, Melty… come here.”“Eryn!” They all ran to him and jumped into his embrace.“I’ve also got lots of questions to ask you, too…” she glanced at each of the monstergirls.Facing Azusa, Eryn sat all the monstergirls in his lap. “So, how did you get into my house?”“Like this?” Azusa whipped out his backup house key and whistled. “You’ve always kept a spare key hidden somewhere. It just so happened to be in your plant.”“… Seriously?” he sighed. Note to self: keep it in a more secure place. “How did you find me?” Did she track my phone’s location?“I tried calling your phone many times, but it never got picked up.” She folded her arms. “But luckily, someone answered. And her name was Iris… which I’ve come to realize might be that girl with cat ears on your lap.”“Huh?” Eryn blinked in confusion. He bowed his head to look at the catgirl. “Iris, did someone call before?”“… Oh!” Iris’s eyes widened in surprise. “Yes, Eryn! When you were outside with Melty, someone called your phone. I picked it up.”Must have been my other phone… Eryn hummed. This is surprising. I guess Iris forgot to tell me about it? Then again, I was never expecting anyone to call my phone…“Were you that person who called Eryn?” Iris asked Azusa.“Yes, that was me!” she smiled, bringing her hand to her chest. “Sorry, I should have told you that first. I got distracted because… I wasn’t expecting you all to be really cute!”“Grrr…” Lofie hissed at her. “Are you here to hurt Eryn?”“What?” Azusa raised her palms, frantically waving them. “No, no! I’m a friend of Eryn! In fact, I’m his best friend! I’ve known him for a long time!”“Best friend?” Lofie seemed doubtful of her, for whatever reason.“It’s okay, Lofie.” Eryn patted her head. “She’s… a dear friend of mine.”“Will she steal you from us, Eryn?” Lofie asked, gripping the fabric of his shirt.“No, no.” He let out a soft chuckle. At least, I don’t think so? Why is she here, anyway?“… So, who are these adorable girls?” Azusa asked in a suggestive tone, crossing her arms. “Don’t tell me you kidnapped these little girls?! Or are you into–”“Eryn is not that kind of person!” Lofie huffed.“Yeah! Eryn is a nice person!” Melty continued.“O-Oh…” Azusa stared at them wide-eyed, not expecting such an aggressive reaction. But that means they trust Eryn. Kids tend to be the most honest, after all.“I don’t know what you’re thinking but throw that idea out of the window.” Eryn ruffled his hair.“So, what’s the reason?” Azusa blew on her bandage. “Did you find them in a back alley or something?”“No, it’s nothing like that.” He shook his head. “I… adopted them.”“… Huh?” Azusa slammed her palms to the floor. “You adopted them?!”“Y-Yeah…” Eryn rubbed the back of his neck. “Found them in a shelter. Guess you could call them my… kids?”“Wow.” Azusa bobbed her head in admiration. A single father of three… that’s not something she expected to hear or see after reuniting with her best friend. “And what’s with the animal ears and tail? Are you into dressing them up?”“What do you take me for?” he furrowed his eyebrows. “No, it’s not dressing them up. They’re–”“We’re monstergirls!” Iris raised her palm to answer. “Our ears and tails are very real!”“Monstergirls…?” Azusa cocked her head at a curious angle, pondering the word. Where have I heard it before? Her gaze shifted to each of their ears and tails. They all seemed so lively, so… animated. The Anubis, in particular, seemed tense while the other two looked playful. The ears and tails moved too naturally for it to be an impressive cosplay if they were.“So monstergirls really do exist!” Azusa placed her fist on her palm. “I’ve always heard about the coexistence of a human-monstergirl society, but I didn’t realize it took place.”“Yeah… they’re monstergirls all right.” Eryn nodded.“So… you must have found them in a monstergirl shelter.” Azusa folded her arms. “And since you don’t know how to mind your own business and can’t bear to see them sad, you took it upon yourself to make them happy.”“H-Hey…” her words struck his nerve. Because she was stating nothing but the truth. A little too close to home…“Always so naïve and kind, Eryn.” Azusa smiled sweetly. “You’ve never changed… except now you’re taking care of three monstergirls.”“Life is just… unexpected, you know that?” he scratched his cheek. “Anyway, I have to ask: what are you doing here?”“What am I doing here?” Azusa tilted her head at a curious angle. “I was looking for you, Eryn. I missed you. I couldn’t contact you for such a long time.”“Azusa…”“You… disappeared all of a sudden.” She bowed her head, a frown appearing on her face. “I couldn’t reach you at all. I thought something bad happened to you.”“Mhrmm…” It was true. Eryn had cut off contact with all his friends due to… reasons.“Can you imagine how worried I was? I was worried sick!” Azusa inched closer towards him. “When I thought I lost the most important–”“Grrr…!” Lofie swiped her hands at her, not appreciating her closeness to Eryn.“W-Woah, easy there…!” Azusa backed away, raising her palms. “E-Eryn, uhm… do you mind calming her down? She’s scaring me…”“Lofie…” Eryn rested his hand on her head. She seems to dislike Azusa… I wonder why. He’d never seen this… hostility from her before. She may be the quiet one, but she’s got a fierce side, huh?“I don’t like you.” Lofie growled, baring her fangs which glistened under the light. “Leave Eryn alone.”“H-Hey, don’t say that…” Comical tears began streaming down her face. To hear such words from an adorable child hurt her more than she would like to admit.“Lofie, why did you bite her?” Eryn asked.“Because she’s going to take you away!” she fumed, throwing her fists down.“I’m not!” Azusa fumed back.“Mhmm, Lofie…” Eryn attempted to reason with her. “Azusa’s… a close friend. I’ve known her for years.”“A close friend…?”“Yeah.” He nodded. “She didn’t come here with any bad intentions.”“Really…?”“Yep…” he poked her nose. “And… biting her may not have been… a nice thing to do to someone you just met.” And neither is breaking into a house and squeezing someone’s cheeks. He shot a painful look at Azusa, to which she avoided.“Oh…”“So, uh… what I’m saying is…” Eryn cradled Lofie in his arms. “You should apologize to her.”“… No.” Lofie buried her head into his chest.“No?” Eryn blinked. Okay, I was not expecting a quick and dry response. “Lofie, we should apologize for things we did wrong.”“… No.”“Lofie…” Eryn ruffled his hair. She clearly has a disdain for Azusa, huh?“Lofie, come on!” Iris placed her hands on her hips. “Listen to Eryn! Apologize for biting his friend’s finger!”“No!” she wrapped her arms around Eryn tightly. “I don’t want to!”“Get off of him, Lofie!” Melty tried to pull her away.Eryn sighed with a meek smile. They may be adults in age, but they’re still children at heart. In that case, I know just the thing…“Lofie.” Eryn lifted her away from his lap. “Apologize to Azusa.”“No!” Lofie pouted.“I see, I see…” Looking to the side, Eryn stroked his chin and spoke in a dramatic manner. “Then I suppose you’ll have to take baths yourself, then.”“E-Eh?!” Lofie’s eyes widened, her ears twitching in disbelief.“E-Eryn…” Iris and Melty exchanged confused glances. Was he serious about this?What is he up to? Azusa observed this act he was putting up.“F-Fine!” Lofie crossed her arms and huffed. “I can take a bath by myself unlike Melty.”“Hey!” Melty snapped her brows at the Anubis.“Don’t lash out, Melty!” Iris held her sister’s arm, concerned.“Oh, is that so?” Eryn bobbed his head in understanding. She’s that stubborn, huh… in that case!“I guess we can’t sleep together anymore.” Eryn heaved a heavy sigh. “Don’t worry, I’ll buy you a super comfortable and fluffy bed. Way better than the bed I sleep in… with Iris and Melty.”“We can’t sleep together….?!” Lofie’s mouth went agape in shock.“Yeah, I’m afraid we can’t sleep together after this.” Eryn continued in a teasing manner, trying his hardest to hold back his laugh.“B-But…” Lofie’s ears trembled, draping over her forehead.“Oh, that’s too bad, Lofie…” Iris walked to her side and patted her shoulder. She then winked at Eryn. “If you don’t want to sleep with us, I guess there’s nothing we can do about it.”“Lofie’s a big girl now!” Melty giggled playfully. “She can take baths and sleep by herself!”“Mnnnguh…” Lofie cast her gaze down, staring at her feet. Being apart of Eryn, whether it be in bath time of bedtime, made her heart ache. She didn’t want that at all.Eryn raised an eyebrow in amusement. Iris and Melty are playing along? That’s neat! It’s going to make this act much more believable.“It seems you’ve made your choice, Lofie.” Eryn got on to his knees. “That means you’re going to–”“I’m sorry, I’m sorry!” Lofie gripped on the hem of his shirt and tugged him down, tears streaming down her face. “Please don’t leave me alone, Eryn!”Ah, she’s crying… I think I pushed it too far. Eryn immediately lifted her up into his arms, stroking her back to reassure her.“I’ll… apologize to your friend.” Lofie sniffed, rubbing her tears away.“Mhmm…” Eryn hummed, caressing her tears away from her cheeks. Walking on his knees, he inched closer towards Azusa.You’re quite evil, you know that, Eryn? Azusa smirked. What this also told her was that the monstergirls dearly cherished him.“U-Uhm…” Lofie turned to Azusa, still feeling hesitant to approach her.Azusa gave a gentle smile and offered her hand. “I’m… sorry for squeezing your face. I shouldn’t have done that.”Lofie stared at her hand, then at her face, then turned to Eryn and hugged him. She didn’t feel comfortable shaking her hand. “I’m sorry… for… biting your… finger.”“Apology accepted!” Azusa clapped her hands together. She didn’t mind at all Lofie seemed distant from her. She figured they’d get to know each other first.“Well done, Lofie.” Eryn stroked her head affectionately. “That wasn’t so hard now, was it?”“Will Eryn… still give me baths?” Lofie asked, looking at him with upturned eyes. “Can I… still sleep with Eryn?”“Of course, Lofie.” He smiled warmly. “I wasn’t planning to do any of those things in the first place.” I could never bring myself to do it to Lofie or her sisters.“Oh.” Lofie blinked, then nuzzled into his chest. She let out a long sigh of relief.Eryn and three monstergirl children… it was a sight Azusa never expected to see. He seems much happier this way…“I know this is pretty late but…” Eryn motioned for Iris and Melty to come to him. “Let’s introduce ourselves to each other properly.”“I second that, Eryn. I’ll start.” Azusa cleared her throat and adjusted her position, sitting on her legs. “My name is Azusa. I’m Eryn’s one and only best friend. We’ve known each for at least 7 years and counting!”“My name is Iris!” Iris introduced herself first, being the eldest of the group.“You can call me Melty!” Melty continued with a bright grin. “We’ve known Eryn for… uhm, two days!“… Lofie.” Lofie whispered. “My name is Lofie.”“Iris, Melty, and Lofie!” Azusa stretched her hand out towards them.“It’s a pleasure to meet you!”
  
    Chapter Text
    “So one day, you decided to adopt three monstergirls on impulse?”“That… pretty much sums it up.”After introducing themselves, Eryn and Azusa were having a conversation about the monstergirls. Seeing him with monstergirl children was not what she expected to see after seven years of no contact.“Doesn’t it seem like a huge responsibility?”“It does.” He sighed, shifting his gaze to his nonexistent couch. “I’ve… faced my fair share of challenges already.”“But you believe it’s worth it, don’t you?” Azusa grinned.“... Haha.” Eryn let out a soft chuckle. Though it’s only been two days, seeing the monstergirls’ little smiles made it all worth it.“Say, if you need someone to help take care of them, look no further than your dear Azusa!” she slammed her fist to her chest proudly.Her words stirred an immediate reaction from Lofie, who simply snapped her gaze away and hugged Eryn.“Ouch.” Azusa sighed deeply. That hurt me more than I would like.“Haha, I don’t think I need help right now.” Eryn stroked Lofie’s hair affectionately. “I appreciate the thought, though.”“Come on, it could be fun!” Azusa clapped her hands together. “I could be their-”“I don’t need a grandma.” Lofie scoffed, sticking her tongue out at her.“Pfft…” Eryn covered his mouth to restrain his laugh. That’s rather mean of you to say, Lofie.“G-Grandma?!” Azusa slammed her palms to the floor. She REALLY dislikes me. “I am not that old, I’ll have you know! And don’t laugh at that, Eryn! You meanie!”“Sorry, sorry.” Eryn coughed a few times into his fist. Hold your laugh, Eryn.“I was thinking I could be their… you know, big sister?” Azusa winked. “A dependable, big sister they can rely on! Yeah!”“A big sister, huh?” Eryn nodded.“You’re too big to be our sister.” Lofie huffed in the same dry tone.“Wha–…” Azusa’s mouth went agape in a comical fashion. Is she calling me fat? To hear those words from a child really didn’t sit right with her. She sounds too honest!“Lofie, you shouldn’t really say those things to Azusa.” Eryn let out a soft chuckle. “She means well.”“Mhngnh…” Lofie nuzzled her head into Eryn’s chest. “I only need Eryn. No one else.”“Welp.” Eryn briefly raised his shoulders and gave Azusa a sympathetic smile. “You heard the little girl, Azusa. She says she only needs me.”“Wipe that smug look off your face.” Azusa crossed her arms in a pouty manner. It’s so unfair!“Well…” Eryn shifted his attention to the other two monstergirls. “Maybe they’d like to talk with you–…”Iris and Melty stared at Azusa, then at each other. They clung on to Eryn’s shirt, feeling wary of his best friend. They weren’t hostile towards her as Lofie was, but they preferred to be closer to Eryn.“… or not.”“Ugh…” Azusa felt two imaginary arrows shoot through her heart. Getting rejected by such cute children is the worst… “How did you get them to be so attached to you? Why are they so attached to you?”“I don’t know, honestly.” Eryn puffed his cheeks. “Iris was the one who found me first.”“Iris found you?” Azusa blinked twice. “What?”“She was waving at me when I stopped by the adoption shelter.”“You’re telling me you were a stranger right before you adopted them, and now they’re fully attached to you?”“I suppose...?” Eryn nodded. I guess they are attached to me.“H-How does that make sense?!” Azusa fumed.“I mean… they didn’t have owners.” He rubbed the back of his neck. “If it had been you who stopped by the shelter, maybe they would have been attached to you instead.”“I… don’t know, Eryn.”“Huh?” Eryn raised his brows, surprised that Iris spoke up.“I waved because… I felt I could trust Eryn.” Iris twiddled with her fingers. “Because I felt Lofie and Melty could trust Eryn, too…”Huh, wasn't it a random chance that we met? Eryn thought it was just by fate he met the monstergirls. He just happened to be there, staring through the window. And she kept her sisters in mind, too? Did Iris actually choose him?“I see…” Azusa crossed her arms, nodding her head in understanding. “It seems you’re special, Eryn. It’s like you’re the protagonist of some story or something.”“Yeah, right.” Eryn rolled his eyes. I’m surprised she’s not going against Iris’s statement. “I want to be a good owner to them. I want to be someone they can trust.”“I think you’re doing well, then.” Azusa gave a smile, one that was genuine. “You might not need my help after all… but the offer is still up.” She stuck her tongue out playfully.“Heh, I’ll keep that in mind.” Eryn sighed faintly. Azusa has always been there for him, through thick and thin. I wouldn’t have survived high school without her. If, for whatever reason, he needed her help to raise the monstergirls, he knew he could count on her and she’d be there in a heartbeat. If a friendship lasts seven years, it may as well last a lifetime, so they say…“Eryn, Eryn.” Lofie tugged on his shirt.“What is it, Lofie?” Eryn patted her head.“Is it bath time now?”“Oh, right.” Eryn’s eyes shot open in realization. That’s why I bought those clothes! It slipped his mind since he was catching up with Azusa. His eyes shifted to the other two monstergirls. “Iris, Melty… do you two want to take baths now?”“I want, I want!” Melty’s eyes sparkled with excitement.“Me too!” Iris raised her palm, her tail wagging around.“Haha, okay, okay.” Eryn smiled and stood up. “Why don’t you all head into the bathroom? I’ll take a new change of clothes and towels first.”“Okay!” The monstergirls replied in unison and made haste to the bathroom. Iris and Melty had to pull Lofie away from Eryn before they could go together.“Have you ever thought about being a father, Eryn?” Azusa asked after the monstergirls left for the bathroom.“A father?” Eryn folded his arms, pondering her question. “I’ve… never really thought about it.”“Heh, really…” Azusa smirked. “What I’m seeing right now is a father trying to take care of his three daughters.”“…” A faint blush appeared on Eryn’s cheeks. If others saw them, of course they’d think Eryn was raising three little girls as a father would. Do I consider them as their father? Do they consider me as their father? The monstergirls trusted him deeply, but he didn’t know the extent of their trust. If they consider me a father of sorts, well…“Don’t think about it too much.” Azusa waved her hand to dismiss her question. “I was just curious, is all.”“Yeah…” Eryn turned around. “Sorry, do you mind waiting here for a moment? I need to…”“No worries.” She smiled warmly. “Mind if I use your kitchen? I’m a little hungry.”“Go for it.” He nodded as he picked up the shopping bags containing the clothes. “Kitchen’s all yours. You can check the stuff I have in the fridge, too.”“Sweet!”Leaving Azusa to her own company, Eryn went to his room and placed the shopping bags on a table. He opened one of them up and took new home clothes for the monstergirls to wear. I think this will fit them nicely. He also grabbed three towels, one for each monstergirl.He then went to the bathroom and saw the monstergirls already out of their clothes.“Eryn, Eryn!” Lofie tugged on the hem of shirt. “I’m ready!”“Give me a moment.” Eryn chuckled as he turned on the water to fill the bathtub. He ran his fingers through the stream and made proper adjustments to the temperature. This should be warm enough. “All right, let’s get you in the bath, shall we?”“Okay!” Iris exclaimed.Eryn lifted Iris first into the bathtub. “In you go, Iris.”“My turn, my turn.” Lofie’s tail wagged around with excitement.“You’re quite eager, Lofie.” Eryn lifted Lofie and slowly placed her in the bathtub. He turned to Melty. “All right, and lastly…”“D-Do I have to get in the bath?” Melty asked, afraid of her two sisters.“Er, if you’d like?” Eryn put his hands on his hips.“Come on, Melty!” Iris stretched her hand out. “Join us!”“But you and Lofie will splash water on me!” she fumed, hiding behind Eryn’s legs. “I don’t want that!”“Would you get in the bath if they didn’t splash water on you?” Eryn asked, crouching down.“… Maybe.” Melty answered timidly.“Mhmm…” Eryn patted her head. “Iris, Lofie… will you splash water on her?”“… Maybe?” Iris and Lofie avoided his gaze, putting their hands behind their backs.“I’ll take that as a yes, then.” Eryn poked Iris and Lofie’s noses in a playful manner. He pulled a stool over for Melty to sit on. “We’ll do this like last time, Melty. Don’t worry.”“Oh, okay!” Melty grinned.And so, Eryn had a good time bathing his little monstergirls….
  Some time later…
…... “All right! Stay still, Melty!”“Hehe, that tickles!”After their bath finished, Eryn wiped Melty’s body with a towel. After wrapping it around her body, he then moved on to Iris and Lofie.“Hold still, Iris…” he wrapped a towel around her fluffy hair and began rubbing gently, then wiped down to her body and wrapped it around her. “Now, Lofie!”“Hup!” Lofie raised her hands, her tail waving around vigorously.“Haha, easy there, Lofie…” With the last towel, he dried her hair and body. He struggled a bit with wrapping the towel around her body because her tail kept getting in the way.“And now, here’s your new clothes!” Eryn grabbed the new change of clothes and handed them to each of the monstergirls. I hope they like them…“Wow!” Melty practically snatched it from his hands. “New clothes from Eryn!”“Huahh…” Lofie’s eyes lit up with happiness as she accepted the clothes. She nuzzled her head into them, feeling them with her face.“Thank you so much, Eryn…” tears began welling up in Iris’s eyes. “You’re so kind to us…”“Aww, don’t cry, Iris…” he crouched down and softly patted her head. She’s going to make me cry at this rate. “I told you already, didn’t I? You deserve this. All of this.”“Mhmm…” she nodded timidly, sniffling.“Come on, try on the new clothes.” He gently rubbed her tears away from her eyes. “See if it fits!”With Eryn’s help, the little monstergirls put on their new clothes. Lofie wore a little light green dress, Iris wore a buttoned white shirt and blue skirt, and Melty wore a pink shirt with short black pants. They all seem to fit well!“What do you think–”“I love it!” Melty ran in circles around Eryn. “I’ve never got a chance to wear new clothes like this!”“Me too!” Lofie hugged him tightly. “Thank you, Eryn.”Iris twirled around, her skirt fluttering in the air. “It’s so pretty!”“Haha…” Eryn smiled sweetly. Seeing their joyful expressions was always soothing to his soul. I’ll never get tired of their wonderful smiles…After stepping out of the bathroom, a rather pleasant aroma passed by him, tingling his nostrils. “Huh, something smells… really good.”The monstergirls also sensed this aroma in the air with their sharp noses. Iris took a big whiff. “What is that smell, Eryn?”“It’s making me hungry…” Lofie placed her palms on her stomach.“Why don’t we get something to eat then?” Eryn asked as he walked to the kitchen with the monstergirls following behind him. As they entered the kitchen area, their eyes were greeted with the sight of…“Hey, Eryn!” Azusa finished setting the last of the plates on the table. “Done with their baths?”“A-Azusa?” his eyes widened in surprise. “What are you…”“Oh, I just finished making dinner!” she grinned, then glanced at the clock. “Er, well… early dinner, I suppose?”On the table, there were five plates consisting of a colorful selection of meals. Omelets, salads, with rice slathered in ketchup made up the bulk of the meal.“I thought you were cooking food for yourself…?”“Ah, well… that was the plan.” She scratched the back of her head. “But I figured I’d make some for you and the monstergirls! I bet you haven’t eaten dinner yet.”“Well, I haven’t but…”“Great!” She clapped her hands. “Then let’s have a meal together!”She… made this all for us? Eryn walked to the table, taking in the sight of these delectable meals that could make anyone’s mouth water.“Wow…” Iris and Melty held the edge of the table with their little hands, peeking over it.“You really didn’t have to do this, Azusa but,” Eryn let out a faint sigh, “I owe you big time.”“Come on, come on!” she readied the chairs for them to sit. “You can repay me by eating it with me!”“… Can we eat this, Eryn?” Melty tugged on his finger, looking at him with upturned eyes. When it came to Eryn’s cooking, they would eat it without second thoughts. But when it comes to someone’s cooking…“Of course.” Eryn patted her and Iris’s head. “Azusa made it just for you.”He helped Melty and Iris to get on the chairs. Though he noticed there’s one other monstergirl who hasn’t spoken up. Wait, where’s Lofie? As if to answer that question, Lofie ran and hugged him from behind.“Oh, Lofie.” He turned around and put his arms around her, lifting her up. “Aren’t you feeling hungry?”“Mnnngh…” she pouted which left Eryn confused.“Lofie…” Eryn tilted his head at a curious angle. If he had to guess, this must be making Lofie conflicted. She doesn’t exactly share a positive impression about Azusa, but her cooking’s telling her otherwise. She’s having mixed feelings about Azusa's cooking, isn’t she?After tucking the other monstergirls’ chairs, Eryn took a seat and sat Lofie on his lap. He stared at his plate. It was presented so well, not to mention the amazing aroma emanating from it. “This sure brings back memories, Azusa…”“Why don’t you give it a taste?” She asked. “It tastes just as good as it did back then!”Holding his spoon, Eryn took a spoonful of rice and omelet into his mouth. A savory and nostalgic taste enveloped his tongue, one that he didn’t realize how much he missed.“Your cooking never ceases to amaze me, Azusa.” He bobbed his head. “My compliments to the chef.”“I’m happy to hear that!” she beamed.“Iris, Melty… go ahead and give it a try.” He gazed at Iris and Melty. “I promise you’ll love it.”Iris and Melty stared at each other before taking a spoonful of their food. Since Eryn seemed to enjoy it, they decided it must be good. They both took the spoon into their mouths… and their expressions immediately lit up.“Wooow!” Iris’s ears twitched in delight as she clasped her cheeks.“It’s so good!” Melty squealed joyfully. She proceeded to stuff her mouth with the food.Azusa clenched her fists on the table. W-What is this warm feeling welling up inside me?! To think seeing such adorable faces munching on her food could elicit such an emotion!“Here, Lofie.” Eryn took a spoonful of her omelet and drew it to her lips. “Would you like to give it a try?”“Mnnngh…” Lofie’s eyes locked on the delectable food in front of her lips. To eat or not eat… that was the question.“Look.” To convince her, Eryn took another bite of his food and chewed it. “It tastes good!”“…. Aaaah.” Lofie reluctantly opened her mouth and Eryn fed her with the spoon. After chewing it for a few moments, her eyes sparkled with star pupils. Her tail began waving around excitedly.“Was it good?” Eryn asked with a smile.“… Maybe.” Lofie crossed her arms and huffed, but she couldn’t stop her ears and tail from bouncing.She’s so adorable! Azusa wanted to squeeze her cheeks, but she figured she had to restrain herself from doing so. Just knowing Lofie enjoyed it was a win in her book. Perhaps Lofie would slowly start warming up to her.“I could really use your expertise in cooking, Azusa.” Eryn said as he fed the Anubis.“Haha, I wouldn’t mind cooking for these adorable kids every now and then!”“N-No, I couldn’t possibly bother you with this…” he waved his wand. “But… I would like to learn a lot from you.”“Heh, so you finally started cooking for yourself?” she mused.“Well, you know… figured it would give me some control in life.” He replied, tracing his finger around the glass. “And well… I won’t be eating for myself anymore.” His eyes moved to each monstergirl, each new member of his family.“I see.” Intertwining her fingers together, she rested her chin on her hands. He sure has changed a lot… for the better. “I much prefer you like this, Eryn.”“Huh, really…” Eryn let out a soft chuckle. Compared to me many years ago when I didn’t really take care of myself…
  I much prefer myself like this too.

  
    Chapter Text
    “Eryn, I’ll be bringing the car over here!”
“Yeah, go ahead!”
It had been a few days since Azusa’s visit. Eryn was currently readying the monstergirls while Azusa parked the car near the sidewalk of his house. Today was going to be a special occasion for Eryn and the monstergirls…
“How would you like your hair to be tied, Melty?”
“I want cute twin tails!”
“Haha, okay.”
In front of the mirror, Eryn was tying her red hair into two little twin tails. He used two black ribbons to tie them.
“Eryn, Eryn.” Lofie tugged on his arm.
“Oh, Lofie.” Still tying Melty’s hair, he turned his head to the little Anubis.
“Look at my hat.” Lofie wobbled her head back and forth, showing her elegant straw hat. “Does it look good?”
“Oh, it looks great on you!” he smiled. After Azusa’s last visit, she decided to bring a lot of her unused clothing. Most of them were… fashionable items which weren’t Eryn’s thing, but he figured the monstergirls would enjoy wearing them.
“Hehe…” Lofie grinned, her tail wagging around in delight. “Then I will wear it.”
“Sure, sure.” Eryn reverted his attention back to Melty, finishing up with her hair. He gave her twin tails a gentle squeeze. “There, Melty! How does it look?”
“Hehe, I love them!” Melty fluffed her twin tails, twirling them around her fingers in a playful manner. “Thank you, Eryn!”
“Next is your hat!” Eryn placed a beret on her head, which Melty had asked for earlier. “All right, can you take a pair of shoes from over there?” He pointed to the shoe rack. “Choose whichever pair you like the most.”
“Okay!” Melty walked to the shoe rack, looking over the shoes to choose from.
Lofie then stood in front of the mirror, trying to put her hat on. “Mnnngh…!”
“Here, Lofie.” Eryn put her hat away and sat her down on the stool. “Let me comb your hair first.”
He ran his fingers through her short brown hair. It’s very straight and tidy… He began combing it with gentle motions.
“Eryn, Eryn.” Lofie looked at him from the mirror. “Can my hair be tied too?”
“Huh… how would you like your hair to be tied, Lofie?” Eryn asked. I don’t think that’s necessary. Her hair doesn’t seem to get in her way.
“Whatever Eryn thinks is the cutest.” Her dog ears flopped upward, then back down.
“Mhmm…” he tilted his head in deep thought, inspecting her hair in closer detail. He noticed that the two front bangs hugging the curves of her cheek were longer than the rest. We could work with that…
Eryn took two bright hairbands and gingerly tied just above the ends of her front bangs. Little tufts of hair poked out through them. “How about this, Lofie?” I think this looks cute on her…
“Hohh…” Lofie flicked her hair bangs with her fingers. “I like it, Eryn!”
“Great.” Eryn patted her head. He gently placed the straw hat on her head and adjusted it. “Looking good, Lofie.”
“Hehe…” Her tail bounced against the stool with excitement, flipping her skirt upward.
“Eryn…” Iris tugged on the sleeve of his shirt. “I can’t fit these shoes on.”
“Oh?” he turned to her. What caught his attention first was her long hair. Out of the three monstergirls, Iris had the longest hair which flowed down to her lower back. Now that’s something that needs attending!
“Iris, come over here.” He lifted Lofie off the stool and motioned for Iris to come sit on it. She obliged, sitting on the stool and facing the mirror.
“Your hair is pretty long, Iris.” He gave it a few fluffs. “We wouldn’t want it to get in your way while we’re outside.”
“Oh.” Iris arched her head back to look at Eryn. “Will you tie my hair, too?”
“If that’s okay with you, I think it would be better if we tied it.” He smiled. “What do you think, Iris?”
“I’ve… never tied my hair before.” Iris said. “I like my long hair, but if Eryn thinks it’s better to tie it, then…”
“It’s okay. It’s only while we’re outside.” Eryn grabbed the comb and began combing the entire length of her hair. So long and soft… “Your hair is quite delicate, Iris. I wouldn’t want it to be ruined.”
“Oh, okay!” Iris nodded cheerfully. She enjoyed the feeling of having her hair brushed by him. His hands moved with tender motions. Compared to her sisters, her hair had experienced the most growth for her age.
I suppose a ponytail will do. Eryn took a hairband and carefully tied her hair into a ponytail. “What do you think, Iris?”
Iris looked at the mirror, turning her head left and right to inspect his work of art. Her expression didn’t seem… satisfied, if Eryn had to describe it.
Does she… not like it? He thought to himself. Mhmm, right… I should have asked first what style she wanted.
“Here, Iris… let me re-do it–”
“Ah, no!” Iris shook her head. “It looks really nice…”
“Really?” He folded his arms. “You don’t seem–I don’t know…–happy with it?”
“Mhmm…” Iris’s eyes drifted to Melty and Lofie, who were busy picking their shoes. More accurately, her eyes were following the hats they were wearing.
She seems to be looking at their hats… oh, does she want to wear one? That was his guess. “Iris, do you want to wear a hat, too?”
“… No.” she bowed her head, staring at her little hands.
Oh, she doesn’t want to wear a hat? This made Eryn more confused. Then… what could it be? Although, he noticed there was something in her hands…
“Eryn, can I… wear this hair band?” Iris reluctantly showed a hair band she had been holding. It was a pastel blue band with two cute flowers on the sides.
“… Oh.” Eryn blinked at her. That’s what it was? The matter was so simple that it left him stunned for a moment.
“… I can’t?”
“A-Ah… of course you can!” Eryn didn’t expect something like this would put such a sad expression on her face. Why would it not be okay? She doesn’t even need to ask me. “Here, let me put it on you.”
He took the hair band from her hands and wrapped it around her head, careful not to cause discomfort to her cat ears. “There.”
Iris stared at the mirror once more, looking at her ponytail and the hair band. She gave the flowers on the band a little poke. Now, a bright smile spread across her lips. “I love it, Eryn!”
“Glad to hear that…” He let out a sigh of relief. I was overthinking this a bit. Still, it left him wondering… why did she feel the need to ask that? Why was she hesitant? If he had to guess, he would put the blame on her previous owners.
Now that I think about it… I still don’t know a lot about their past, huh? It had been a few days since he adopted the monstergirls. Some of their behaviors caught his attention more so than others. For instance, Melty felt extremely anxious about waking up when she couldn’t find Eryn anywhere. Iris often wanted to help Eryn with chores in return for head pats. And Lofie… she had interesting sleeping habits, and she did bite Azusa. It concerned him to varying degrees, made him want to know more about them on a deeper level.
But it might be better to wait and let them tell me on their own. He didn’t know what the monstergirls had been through before they met him. He wouldn’t be surprised if they had some particularly terrible memories they didn’t want to bring up. I want this to be a safe place for them… where they can open up to me. Until that day comes, he’d give them the best home he could offer.
“Eryn?”
“H-Huh?” Iris’s voice snapped him from his long train of thought.
“Is Eryn… sad?” She asked, her tone laced with concern.
“Ah, no, no…” he waved his hand to dismiss her concern. “I was just… lost in thought, that’s all.” He didn’t realize his face appeared lost.
“If Eryn is sad, then…” Iris wrapped her little arms arounds him in an embrace.
“Iris…?” Eryn arched his brows. Why is she…
“Whenever Lofie and Melty are sad, I always give them hugs!” She tightened her hug. “They say it helps them feel better!”
“I’m not… sad, though.” He chuckled, then slowly returned the hug. That’s really… thoughtful of her.  The warmth pooling into his chest… it was oddly soothing. As their owner, he figured he’d be the one giving them lots of hugs…
Maybe he needed a hug, after all.
“Does this… make Eryn feel better?” Iris asked timidly.
“… Yeah.” He sighed, affectionately stroking the back of her head. “Thank you, Iri–bhuk?!”
“No fair!” Melty and Lofie jumped on to his back, taking him by surprise. “Don’t hog Eryn all to yourself, Iris!”
“Hug me too, Eryn.” Lofie pouted, climbing on to his back.
“G-Give me some space…” Eryn groaned. If there’s something else he noticed about the monstergirls over the past few days, they all shared one thing in common…
It’s that they were utterly jealous of each other for the attention he gave them. That was already apparent since day one. I’ll need to get used to that… he couldn’t tell if this was the consequences of their previous owners, or they were simply like this. Or is this a monstergirl thing? I don’t know!
“Eryn, the car’s ready!” Azusa popped her head into the entrance. “Oh…?”
“Azusa… a little help here?” Stuck between the monstergirls, he turned to her for assistance… and immediately regretted it as soon as he saw a devilish smirk form on her lips.
“Let me take a photo of this real quick.” Azusa whipped out her smart phone and took a picture. “All right, I’ll be waiting in the car. Don’t take too long!”
“Some help you are!” Eryn huffed, prying the monstergirls away from him. “Lofie, Melty… have you already chosen your shoes?”
“Yeah!” they replied in unison, presenting their shoes to him.
“Great. Let’s put them on.” He shifted into a sitting position and patted the spot in front of him. “Iris, let me put yours first.”
“Okay!” Iris handed him her shoes after sitting down in front of him. Eryn first put little socks on her feet. He then fit her feet into her shoes and tied the laces together. “There, does it fit you well?”
Iris stood up and took a few steps around, lightly kicking her feet. “Yeah!”
Next is Lofie. He did the same for her, first putting on socks, then her shoes, which had zippers instead of laces. How convenient… “How’s this, Lofie?”
“It fits!” Lofie hopped around a bit before Iris told her to walk like a normal person.
And lastly… he turned to Melty and held her feet. “Your turn!”
“Hehe, that tickles, Eryn!” Melty giggled.
“Haha, stay still for a bit.” He slowly put the socks on her feet as her toes wiggled around. Afterwards, he put on her shoes, which were similar to Iris’s ones. “There, all done!”
Melty stood up and ran in circles around Eryn. “Hehe, yeah!”
Now, all the monstergirls were dressed up and ready to go! Eryn urged the monstergirls to step outside so he could lock the door.
“The monstergirls are looking lovely!” Azusa grinned, leaning against her car. She opened the car door for them to come in.
“Let’s get you inside, shall we?” Eryn walked to the car, followed by the monstergirls. He lifted each of them into the car, starting with Iris, Lofie, then Melty. He then moved into the passenger seat on the side of the driver's seat.
“It’s a big day for you, Eryn.” Azusa said, getting in the driver's seat and strapping her seatbelt.
“Haha, is it?” Eryn smiled. “I am admittedly a little nervous…”
On this special occasion, they would be going to the monstergirl registration center, so Eryn could finally register the monstergirls under his ownership and acquire monstergirl IDs. It was something he had been thinking about for a while, but he was quite clueless about it. Luckily, Azusa knew someone who’d be able to facilitate this process with him.
And it was someone who knew Eryn quite well… 
  
    Chapter Text
    “I can’t remember the last time I’ve been on a car ride.”“You really need to get out of the house more, Eryn.”Eryn, Azusa, and the monstergirls were going to the monstergirl registration center. Azusa knew someone who’d be able to help Eryn go through the registration process, so she offered to drive them (out of the goodness of her heart, of course. Definitely no ulterior motives.)“I remember when you used to give me rides on your mom’s motorcycle.” Azusa smiled, adjusting the rear-view mirror so they could see the monstergirls. “Good days.”“I don’t think it was that long ago.” He crossed his leg over the other. “So, is this your way of repaying me for the rides or something?”“I owe you a lot, Eryn.” She replied, adjusting the air cooler next. “Consider this the first of my many deeds to you.”“You really don’t have to…” he smiled wryly.“See, you’re too kind.” She pouted. “You don’t even want me to repay you for all you’ve done.”“I don’t think it’s a really big deal…”“It’s a big deal to me.”“Mhmm…” he sighed. It really isn’t. “Well, I appreciate it.”“Eryn, Eryn.” Lofie stretched her arms out towards him, but the belt kept her strapped in place.“What is it, Lofie?” Eryn looked over his shoulder.“I want to hold your hand.”“Oh, sure.” Eryn drew his arm back towards her. I wonder if she’s feeling anxious. Two little hands grabbed his own, squeezing them. She let out a soft giggle, being able to hold onto him.“No fair!” Melty puffed her cheeks out. “I want to hold his hand, too!”“M-Me too…” Iris twiddled with her fingers. She found it difficult to voice her needs like her sisters did. Of course, they would too.  Eryn already guessed this was coming. Unfortunately, there’s not much I can do... it’s dangerous to have their belts removed.“Fufufu…” Azusa gave a devilish smirk. “I know just the thing, my dear monstergirls! If it is Eryn’s attention you want, it is Eryn’s attention you shall get!”“What’s that supposed to mean?” he raised an eyebrow, confused. She better not be thinking what I’m thinking right now…“Observe.” Azusa pressed some buttons on the touchscreen. Sounds of machinery could be heard, and Eryn’s chair was abruptly turned around in place, so he was facing the monstergirls now.“H-Huh?!” he flinched in his seat. Did the chair just…“The wonders of technology.” She winked. “This is not your average car.”“Eryn, Eryn!” Lofie tried to leap into his lap, but the belt was still locking her in place.“As long as you’re watching over them, you can remove their belts.” Azusa said, giving a thumbs up.“If you say so…” Eryn carefully removed each of the monstergirls’ belts, and Lofie immediately jumped onto his lap.
    PLOMP!  
“Woah, easy there.” He chuckled softly.“Eryn...” Lofie snuggled into his chest, taking in his comforting scent.“Don’t hog all of Eryn’s lap to yourself!” Melty pouted, squeezing into his lap beside Lofie.“Oh, dear…” Eryn wrapped an arm around the two monstergirls, to which Melty let out a satisfied sigh. What am I going to do with you two…“U-Uhm…” Iris shifted herself on the seat till she was directly facing him. She awkwardly rubbed her elbow with her hand.“Mhmm…” Eryn drew his free hand to her head and began stroking her between the ears. “Do you like this?”“O-Oh…” Iris nodded, leaning her head into his hand. Her tail curled to the side in satisfaction. She’s still not used to voicing out her needs to me like her sisters…  Eryn smiled at the thought. Over time, I hope she’ll warm up more to me.“Eryn.” Azusa called out.“Yeah?”“Give me head pats.”“Why do I need to give you head pats?!” and my hands are kinda full!“Because I, too, am jealous of the attention you’re giving them!”“Keep your eyes on the road!”Their usual bickering continued along the way.
   Some time later… 
…... “And here we are!”“Wow, is this the place?”Eryn looked through the car window. He could see a white building which towered over them. Its entrance looked rather futuristic. A logo resembling a face with cat ears could be seen. I suppose that signifies the monstergirl society?“I’ll drop you all here.” Azusa said.“You’re not coming?”“I’ll park the car first.” She replied. “Someone’s waiting for you on the inside.”“Oh?” Someone’s waiting for us?“You’ll know when you enter.”Eryn stepped out of the car with the monstergirls, and Azusa drove the car to the parking area.“Where are we, Eryn?” Iris asked, holding on to his hand.“This is the monstergirl registration center.” His eyes shifted up, following the entire length of the building. That is a massive building! It looks like a tower!“It looks scary…” Hiding behind his legs, Melty clutched the fabric of his jeans.“I think I’ve seen this place before.” Lofie said, holding on to his other hand.“Oh?” Eryn raised his brow at her. “Have you been here before, Lofie?”“I have seen this before, Eryn.” Lofie nodded. “But… I have never gone inside.” That is really interesting to hear.  Eryn instinctively squeezed her small hand in his grip. Did her previous owners bring her here before? Did they plan on registering her under their ownership?As he pondered that, a bigger question entered his mind: have none of the girls ever been registered under ownership? Judging from Iris and Melty’s expressions, this was their first time coming here, and Lofie has never entered the building. They had owners, but were never registered to them? He found it odd none of their previous owners would even bring them here. The registration center is such a monumental place, or so I’ve heard…“Let’s head inside, everyone.” Eryn walked to the entrance, guiding the monstergirls. Melty moved to Iris’s side and held her hand.Upon detecting them, the entrance doors slid open and a faint red light scanned them. Eryn guessed it was scanning them for contraband.After entering inside, they were greeted with a white and modern interior. On the right, there was the reception, which was separated by a glass door, while on the left, there were several round tables and sofas. Light green curtains draped over the glass walls. Flower-patterned carpets covered the floors. Must be the guest area…Various monstergirls and humans filled the guest area. Interesting… a monstergirl that caught his attention among the crowd was another hinezumi. Compared to Melty, she looked like an adult monstergirl. Much taller and more developed proportions. I wonder if that’s how Melty will grow up to be.Eryn turned his gaze to the reception. A big sign written in red letters caught his attention.
   MONSTERGIRLS ACCOMPANIED BY HUMANS OR WHO ARE BELOW A YEAR OLD SHOULD WAIT IN THE GUEST AREA. 
 Below a year old…?  Eryn stroked his chin in deep thought. I have no idea how old these monstergirls are. According to Aiden and Amber, they were apparently adult monstergirls, which he still had a hard time wrapping his head around. How do monstergirls age? Is it the same as humans? He supposed it would be different. Considering the three monstergirls look and act like children, it makes sense for them to age differently.
   Anyhow, I can’t bring the monstergirls with me… 
“Iris, can you bring Melty and Lofie to the guest area?” Eryn pointed to an empty sofa in the guest area.“Oh, okay!” Iris nodded, grabbing on to Lofie’s hand. “Where will you go, Eryn?”“I’ll head to the reception.” He motioned to the receptionist. “I’ll be with you soon.”“Why can’t we come with Eryn?” Lofie asked with upturned eyes, tugging on his finger.“It seems you’re not allowed to come with me.” He motioned to the sign on the glass.“Oh…” Lofie and Melty’s ears draped downward.“I won’t take too long.” He gave a warm smile as he patted their heads.“Come on, let’s wait there!” Iris dragged her sisters’ hands along so they wouldn’t bother him. At times like this, Iris really did look like the eldest sister. Which she is.And so, Eryn went to the reception while the monstergirls went to the guest area. The monstergirls found an empty sofa and sat on it. They each looked around the area and noticed the many different monstergirls currently chattering away.Iris noticed a woman in a black suit staring in their direction through her black glasses. Iris tilted her head left and right, wondering whether she was looking at them. She seemed really out of place.The woman adjusted her shades and began walking. Iris kept her eyes on her… and in fact, she was coming straight to them.Perhaps what was most odd was the scent radiating from the woman. It smelt really familiar… as if they’d met before. However, Iris had no recollection of meeting this woman before. This was her first time.As she got closer, Lofie and Melty’s gaze snapped to the woman because of the familiar scent. Strangely, it was a scent that made them feel safe and comfortable…
   Much like Eryn’s scent. 
This left Iris confused. Should she be wary of the stranger approaching them? Why does she remind them of Eryn? Should she grab her sisters and run to him?“Grrrr…” Lofie’s ears and tails straightened up, wary of the familiar yet unfamiliar person. Her senses were on high alert.The woman stopped in front of them and crouched to their level. She gave a warm smile, one that contrasted with her cold appearance, one that also reminded them of Eryn’s own smile.Iris spread her arms apart, shielding her sisters. Her arms trembled with fear, but Eryn entrusted her to watch over her sisters, and she’d see it through the end.“I’m sorry to hear what you all have been through.”All their ears twitched. Was the woman speaking to them?“But you’re with a good owner now. He’ll take care of you and love you well.” The woman stretched her hand to Iris’s head…“Grrr…!” Lofie hissed, baring her fangs and–“Hey, how can I help you?” Eryn stood in between the monstergirls and the woman. He did this more for the woman’s sake rather than the monstergirls because Lofie was just going to bite her!“Mhmm…” The woman folded her arms, still having a smile on her face. Her eyes scanned him from top to bottom. I feel like her gaze is drilling into my skull…  Eryn took a deep breath to regain his composure. Does she work here? He guessed she was an important person, judging by her suit. Does she need something with the monstergirls?“It’s been a while,” the woman took off her glasses, meeting their similarly blue eyes together. “… Eryn.”His body froze. The instant he made eye contact with her, he finally registered her voice and long black hair flowing down her back. Before he could even register her and these familiar feelings in his mind, her name had already left his lips."... Riana."
  
    Chapter Text
    
  “It’s been a while, Eryn.”


  “… Riana.”


  “I never thought I’d see you here out of all places.”


  “I could say the same thing…”


  The monstergirls stared at Eryn, then at the woman, then back at Eryn. First, they found this woman rather suspicious. Not only did she remind them of Eryn, but she shared a scent that smelled like him. Second, was he actually conversing with her? Did he know her? What was her relationship with him?


  “I’ve missed you.” Riana spread her arms apart for a hug.


  “… Mhnn.” Eryn approached her… only to be dragged back to the sofa by six little hands. 
  
    Huh?
  


  “You’re not taking Eryn from us!” Melty pouted, hugging Eryn’s arm.


  “Back off.” Lofie hissed, hugging his other arm. Her ears twitched with high alert. Oddly enough, she would prefer this woman over Azusa.


  Iris settled on his lap and wrapped her arms around him. She seemed accepting of the woman, but didn’t want Eryn to leave her side. Admittedly, she only joined in after seeing Lofie and Melty pull him back.


  “You’re quite popular, Eryn.” Riana giggled, looking at each of the monstergirls. “Your cute little children really adore you.”


  “… No comment on that.” Eryn sighed, patting Melty and Lofie’s heads.


  “Eryn, Eryn.” Lofie tightened her hug around his arm. “Who is this woman?”


  “Do you know her, Eryn?” Melty asked.


  “It… must be someone related to Eryn.” Iris answered sheepishly.


  “You’re not far off the mark, Iris.” He nodded. “She’s my… sister.”


  “…” the monstergirls exchanged confused glances with one another, unsure if they heard him right. They looked at Eryn, then at Riana, then back at Eryn. Considering they shared the same scent, the same smile, the same eyes… 
  
    wait a minute
  
  .


  “HEEHHH?!” the monstergirls cried out in unison.


  “She’s your sister?!” Melty asked, visibly surprised.


  “Eryn has a sister?!” Lofie followed.


  “You are Eryn’s sister?!” Iris pointed at Riana.


  “It’s a pleasure to meet all of you.” Riana bowed herself at the waist. “My name is Riana. I am indeed Eryn’s sister.”


  “Wow…” the monstergirls watched in awe. Now, it all made perfect sense why she reminded them of Eryn!


  “I’m still waiting for the hug, dear little brother of mine.” Riana spread her arms again. “Come here.”


  “Yeah…” Eryn gently moved Iris to the sofa and stood up. He walked to Riana and wrapped his arms around her.


  “Mhhm…” Riana tightened her arms around him. “I missed you, Eryn.”


  “I… missed you too.” Eryn sighed. 
  
    It’s been so long…
  


  “Mhhhmm!” Lofie got in between them and pushed their legs apart, creating some distance.


  “Lofie?” Eryn tilted his head at her curious action.


  “Hug me, Eryn.” Lofie reached her arms toward him.


  “Oh, dear…” He let out a soft chuckle. 
  
    Don’t tell me she’s jealous of my sister?
  
   He crouched down and lifted her up into his arms. Lofie took a sniff of his shirt and nuzzled her cheek on it.


  “I have yet to know about your monstergirls, Eryn.” Riana rested her hands on her hips. “Why don’t you introduce them to me?”


  “Oh, right…” Eryn cleared his throat. He first motioned to the catgirl. “Iris, would you like to introduce yourself?”


  “O-Okay…” Iris nervously got off the sofa and stood beside Eryn. “H-Hello, miss…–”


  “Riana is fine.” She gave an amiable smile.


  “H-Hello, Riana…” Iris weakly waved. “My name is Iris.”


  “My name is Melty!” Hiding behind Eryn’s legs, she poked her head out.


  “Lofie.” The Anubis snuggled into his chin. “My name is Lofie.”


  “Iris. Melty. Lofie. Such adorable names!” Riana bowed her head at them. “I hope you all will open up to me as you have with my brother.”


  
    That went better than I expected…
  
   he noticed they treated Riana differently compared to Azusa. 
  
    Lofie seemed more accepting of her.
  
   Was it because she was his sister? The monstergirls mentioned that his scent was comforting, so by extension, her scent would have similar effects. 
  
    At least, that’s what I think?
  


  “It seems you two have met!” A familiar cheery voice said.


  “Azusa.” Riana turned to her. “I must say, this was quite a surprise.” 
  
    But a welcome one, to be sure.
  


  “Haha, I told you so!” Azusa giggled. “You could have never guessed the person I wanted you to meet was your own flesh and blood.”


  
    So Azusa knew my sister was here…
  
   it all made sense to Eryn now. Azusa was oddly persistent about helping him register the monstergirls. 
  
    She wanted us to reunite from the start, huh?
  


  “You were planning this from the start, weren’t you?” Eryn asked.


  “Who can say?” Azusa briefly raised her shoulders, waving her hands apart.


  “I’m sure there’s a lot of catching up to do.” Riana patted his shoulder. “But right now, I believe we have a more important matter to attend to.”


  “Ah, right.” Eryn nodded. “I guess you know why–”


  “You’d like to register the monstergirls under your ownership, yes?” Riana smiled.


  “… Haha, right.” 
  
    That is what I came here to do.
  


  “I’ll be responsible for handling you and the monstergirls.” Riana turned around and gestured to them to follow her. “Come with me.”


  Eryn glanced at Azusa, who gave them a look that said 
  
    Riana will take care of you, don’t worry.
  
   He pulled Lofie away from his chest and instead sat her down on his shoulders. “Hold on, Lofie.” He then held Iris and Melty’s hands, one on each side. “Let’s follow Riana, everyone.”


  “Okay!” the monstergirls replied in unison.


  Riana guided them to an elevator and set their destination to one of the higher floors.


  “Seeing you raising three children is not what I expected.”


  “I’m sure Azusa felt the same way…” Eryn replied. 
  
    Heck, even I didn’t expect my life to turn out this way.
  


  “How interesting.” Riana chuckled. “I can’t wait to hear all about it.”


  
    TING!
  

A bell sound played, signaling that the elevator reached its destination. Its doors opened, allowing them to leave the elevator.

  “Please follow me.” Riana stepped out of the elevator.


  Eryn followed her. He was immediately greeted with the sight of many other monstergirls and humans. 
  
    Are they owners?
  
   There were stalls spread across the room which he believed were registration facilities.


  “There are a lot of monstergirls…”


  “You’d be surprised to know how many monstergirls we’ve helped register.” Riana replied.


  “Oh, I don’t doubt it.” Eryn chuckled. “I sometimes forget we live in coexistence with monstergirls.”


  “I’m sure that’ll change after today.”


  Riana guided them to a corner of the room. There was a table with two chairs on each side. One side was for the clients. The other side would be for the facilitator, and it was equipped with various technologies like he saw in the other stalls.


  “Please have a seat.” Riana provided three chairs for the monstergirls, then moved to the other side and sat down.


  After sitting the monstergirls down (he had to pry Lofie away from his head), he took his seat and faced Riana.


  “So let’s keep things casual.” She gave a reassuring smile. “You might be a little nervous, but I assure you I’ll make this process as efficient as I can.”


  “Y-Yeah, I am a little nervous…” he admitted. 
  
    I’m grateful to have my sister here…
  


  “No worries. We’ll take it slow.” She set some papers on the desk. “Okay, shall we begin?”


  “Sure.” He nodded.


  “Great.” She clapped her hands. “We can skip some of the formalities here. The purpose of your visit is that you’d like to register the monstergirls under your ownership. Is that correct?”


  “Y-Yes.” 
  
    Sounds about right.
  


  “What is the reason for registering the monstergirls under your ownership?”


  “Oh, I…” he scratched his cheek. “I would like to… adopt them into my… family.”


  “
  
    Our
  
   family.” She winked. “Next question: how did the monstergirls come into your care?”


  “Oh, I found them in a monstergirl shelter.” He placed some documents on the table. “Here are their adoption papers.”


  “Wonderful.” Riana took the papers and quickly scanned them. “So, it has been roughly a week. Six days, to be precise, since you adopted them into your care.”


  “That’s right.”


  “Have you already gotten approval from Aiden and Amber? Do they fully trust you to take care of them?”


  “Oh, I haven’t, actually…” Eryn rubbed the side of his neck. “Tomorrow, they would–…. Wait. How do you know them?”


  “It’s a small world.” Riana winked again. “And don’t worry, I received the approval from them personally. They told me they had no worries about entrusting the monstergirls to you.”


  “Personally?” Eryn blinked twice. “Wait, you met–”


  “Moving on,” she cleared her throat, “are the monstergirls related to each other?”


  “Uhm…” Eryn glanced at the monstergirls, who glanced back at him. 
  
    They’re not related to each other by blood but…
  


  “Based on the adoption papers and their kinds, they’re not but,” she tapped a few fingers on the table, “I could make them legally sisters in your ownership.”


  “You can do that?”


  “Why not?” She smiled brightly. “If that is what you wish.”

Eryn turned to the monstergirls. Sisters… that’s what they are. They shared a bond that ran stronger than family. They were practically inseparable.  But that is not for me to decide…

  “Iris. Lofie. Melty.” Eryn tilted his head to them. “What do you think? Would you like to–”


  “Yeah!” Melty exclaimed. “Iris and Lofie are my sisters!”


  “We’ll always be together!” Iris wrapped her arms around Lofie and Melty.


  “Mhmm.” Lofie held Iris’s hand. “Sisters.”


  “I think we have a unanimous answer.” Riana grinned. “Let’s move on, shall we?”


  Afterwards, Riana continued asking several more questions relating to him and the monstergirls.


  “All right, all right…” Riana organized the paperwork. “Next, could I have your ID card?”


  Eryn took his ID card from his wallet and handed it to her. Riana accepted it and quickly scanned it.


  “Great, everything seems to be in order.” Riana turned to her computer. “We can start making the IDs for your monstergirls. First, I’d like to have their names that they wish to be registered as.”


  Of course, Eryn stuck with the names he gave them. The monstergirls loved their names, so there was no issue there.


  “Then here’s a tricky one…” Riana stroked her chin. “Their ages… more specifically, their birth dates. It is not known, correct?”


  “Yeah…” Eryn nodded. “Aiden and Amber said they were adults apparently…”


  “Hmmm, they sure don’t look the part.” She hummed. 
  
    They must not have gotten the proper care and love they deserved in their younger years…
  
   “I’ll use their date of adoption, if that is fine with you?”


  “Sure, that works best.”


  “Great, and next up is…” she began setting up a camera system. “Let’s take photos for their IDs!”


  Riana walked to the side where a camera faced an empty chair. She adjusted the chair’s height for the monstergirls to sit on. “Who wants to go first?”


  “Iris, would you like to go first?” Eryn asked.


  “Okay!” Iris walked to the chair and sat on it.


  “All right, excuse me…” Riana adjusted Iris’s pose so it would look formal for the camera. “Keep your eyes on that black point.” She pointed to it to which Iris nodded. Riana went behind the camera and…


  
    SNAP!
  


  “Let’s see…” Riana went to the image view. “Oh, Iris… your eyes aren’t looking at the camera.”


  “Oh.” Iris blinked twice.


  “I’ll take another picture. Give me a bright smile!” Riana prepared for another shot. “In one, two, three….”


  
    SNAP!
  


  “Let’s see again…” She checked the image view again. “Mhmm… Eryn?”


  “Yeah?”


  “Could you let Iris sit on your lap?”


  “Er, sure…?” Eryn moved to the chair and lifted Iris into his arms before sitting. He then sat Iris down on his lap. “Is this fine? Won’t my body be in the camera?”


  “Don’t worry. I can edit it.” Riana readjusted the camera. “Look at the camera and smile, Iris!”


  
    SNAP!
  


  “Let’s see now….” Riana checked the viewfinder and gave an approving smile. “Perfect! Let’s move on to the next.”


  “All right.” Eryn picked up Iris and put her on the floor. As he was about to get up…


  “Wait.” Riana raised a palm in front of her. “Stay there, Eryn.”


  “Huh?” Eryn raised an eyebrow, confused. “Why, you’re going to take my photo or something?”


  “No, it makes things easier.” She winked.


  “My turn! My turn!” Melty climbed onto Eryn’s lap and sat on it, facing the camera.


  “Haha, you’re rather eager.” Eryn patted her head.


  Riana managed to take pictures of Melty and Lofie without any issues. Eryn was still confused why he had to be there. 
  
    Surely, she didn’t need me there… but I suppose she knows more than me.
  


  “Great! I have everything I need to issue their ID cards.” Riana beamed. “It’ll take at most thirty minutes to issue them.

“Wow, thirty minutes?” Eryn asked in awe. “I thought it’d take a few weeks.”

  “Well, you’ve got family privileges, if I may admit.” She raised her eyebrows twice. “But issuing IDs for monstergirls is different. It’s not handled by the government, but a special branch of monstergirls. But that’s all boring stuff you don’t need to hear.”


  “Uh, I see…” Eryn scratched his cheek. 
  
    She won’t get in trouble for that, will she?
  


  “Please wait here while I finalize everything.” Riana stood from her chair. “I’ll be with you in a moment.” She left Eryn and the monstergirls to their company.


  “Eryn, Eryn.” Lofie tugged on his arm. “Does this mean we are a real family now?”


  “Hmmm?” Eryn turned his head to her. 
  
    I’ve always thought of us as a family, but…
  


  “We’ve always been a family, Lofie!” Melty squeezed her cheek. “But now, we’re like a 
  
    family 
  
  family!”


  
    Melty’s got a point.
  
   He chuckled at her endearing comment.


  “Eryn…” Iris wrapped her little arms around him. “Thank you so much.”


  “Iris?” He crouched down to her level, noticing that tears welled up in her eyes.


  “I’ve… never felt what it’s like to be in a… 
  
    family 
  
  family before.”


  “Mhmm…” Eryn held back a laugh at the way she mimicked Melty. 
  
    Shut up, Eryn. She’s being heartfelt with you!
  


  “I’m grateful for everything you’ve done for us.” Iris wrapped her hands around his fingers. “I could… never repay Eryn.”


  “Awww, Iris…” He met her forehead with his own. “You, Lofie, and Melty owe me nothing. I told you before, didn’t I? You deserve all this.”


  “Is it… okay for me to be this happy, Eryn?” Iris sniffed, rubbing some of her tears away. “Is it… okay for me to be in a family?”


  “Of course it’s okay.” He wiped some tears away from her cheek. “I want you to be happy, Iris.”


  “Mhmmn…” Iris snuggled her head into his chest, desiring his warmth. There were so many emotions swirling inside her it nearly overwhelmed her mind. Never had she found an owner who would give them this much happiness and care.


  “…. Heh.” Riana observed them from a distance. 
  
    Eryn, you don’t realize how much they love you.
  
   She stared at two certain photos on her phone. They were photos of Iris when Riana tried to take them for her ID. In both instances, Iris’s eyes always drifted to Eryn. Riana figured they’d be more comfortable if Eryn accompanied them, so she had them sit on his lap during the photo session. 
  
    You being there for them is making such a difference in their lives.
  


  
    They’re officially family now.
  

  
    Chapter Text
    “Waaaaaaa!”
The monstergirls stared at their brand new ID cards. Awe and excitement filled their little hands.
“It’s finally done!” Riana handed them each of their ID cards. “What do you all think?”
“Look, look!” Melty grinned, waving her ID card around. “It’s my new ID card!”
“So shiny…” Lofie brought the ID card close to her face.
Iris inspected the card closer, seeing her name and picture on it. But what brought her joy the most was seeing…

   Owner: Eryn Reine. 

His name on the ID card. That meant he was officially her owner. Their owner.
“Eryn!” Running to him, Iris tugged at his sleeve. “Does this mean we are officially a family now?”
“… Yeah.” Eryn smiled softly, patting her head. “With these new ID cards, I’m officially your owner.”
“Mhmm…” Iris nuzzled into his palm. Happiness filled her heart… to finally belong to a family. To belong to Eryn’s family. And she could have her sisters by her side.
“We’re your monstergirls now!” Melty wrapped her arms around him, visibly overjoyed.
“A happy family.” Lofie took hold of his free pinky.
“Mhmm…” Crouching down, Eryn wrapped his arms around the monstergirls. A comfortable warmth pooled in his chest. This feeling… it feels really warm. He couldn’t remember the last time he experienced these emotions.
“You’re all so adorable together.” Riana smiled sweetly at their display. It was such a heartwarming moment, one that she was glad to witness.
“… Thank you, Riana.” Eryn bowed his head to her. “I, uhm…”
“Of course, Eryn.” Riana grinned. “It’s only natural for a sister to help her brother, isn’t it?”
“I suppose.” He let out a soft chuckle.
“Hmmm…” Lofie let go of Eryn and ran to Riana.
“Lofie?”
“What is it, Lofie?” Riana crouched down to her level.
“Come.” Lofie grabbed her hand and pulled her to Eryn. Riana followed her, a bit confused.
“Riana, Riana!” Melty grinned, tugging at her sleeve. “Thank you so much!”
“E-Eh?” Riana blinked twice in a comical fashion. Are they… thanking me?
“You’ve helped us become part of Eryn’s family.” Iris bowed herself at the waist. “We are so grateful.”
“O-Oh…” Riana’s face grew red at being thanked directly by the monstergirls. They’re all so adorable…! “You’re all very welcome.”
“Wow, Riana.” Eryn tilted his head. “Are you actually blushing?”
“N-No, I’m not!” Riana puffed her cheeks out cutely. “I wouldn’t blush at something like this!”
“Your face is really red, though.” He smirked, taking out his phone for a photo.
“It is not!” She crossed her arms.
“Riana’s face is red like a tomato.” Lofie pointed at her face.
“Yeah!” Melty agreed, fluffing her twin tails to make her point. “It’s almost red like my hair!”
“Mnnguh…” Riana covered her face, unable to come up with a response. If the monstergirls said so, she’d just have to accept defeat.
“But seriously…” Eryn stood up and walked to her. He wrapped his arms around her, pulling her into his embrace. “Thank you so much, Riana. I couldn’t have done this without you.”
“… But of course.” Riana curled her arms around his neck. It almost felt… nostalgic to share this moment with him… hmmm?
“…” The monstergirls stared at the two Reine siblings in silence.
 It feels like their eyes are drilling holes into me…  Riana chuckled nervously. From their first encounter, she could already see that the monstergirls were rather… jealous of Eryn when he was with someone else. I suppose that is the instinct of a monstergirl.
“So!” Riana pulled away from the hug, not wanting to incur the wrath of the monstergirls. “What do you all say to getting some lunch with me? I bet you haven’t taken the monstergirls to eat outside yet.”
“Ahah, that is true…” Eryn nodded. After all, we only just got the monstergirl IDs. With these IDs, Eryn could take them to wherever their hearts desire. More opportunities for them!
“Since you just received them, why not put them to use right now?” Riana slapped his shoulder playfully. “Let’s go outside and eat!”
“But shouldn’t you be here…?” Eryn asked. “I mean, I assume you work here or–”
“This isn’t where I actually work. Don’t worry.” Riana winked. “I only came here because of Azusa’s insistence.”
“Oh.” Eryn was surprised, to say the least. Azusa, just what string did you have to pull…?
“Come on!” Riana motioned for them to follow. “It’s just a five-minute walk from here.”
“That’s pretty close.”
“Eryn, Eryn.” Lofie poked his leg. “Where does Riana want to bring us?”
“Oh, just a place to eat.” Eryn replied. “Are you all feeling hungry?” All the monstergirls’ ears twitched at his question… that looks like a yes to me.
“Yeah!” Melty nodded. “I’m really hungry! I wanna eat something!”
“I’ve never eaten outside before…” Iris said. “Is it… good?”
“If it's as good as Eryn’s cooking…” Lofie stroked her chin thoughtfully.
Eryn chuckled at her comment. Well, my cooking sets the bar really low. Eryn wasn’t the type to eat takeout often. He’d just settle for home-cooked meals because he was used to them.
And so, Eryn and monstergirls followed Riana out of the registration center…

…
..
.

   Outside of a café… 

“Here we are!” Riana exclaimed. “Where I like to relax after a long day at work!”
“This is…”
Before their eyes was a café. Customers could be seen eating outside as well as inside it through the windows. His eyes shifted to the café’s logo. Loveya Café… between the two words was an elegant teacup with a heart shape above it which represented the aroma. But what caught his attention the most was the waitresses–more accurately, the clothes they were wearing.
“Their clothes are really cute!” Melty observed the waitresses.
“Their skirts look really fluffy.” Lofie continued.
Upon noticing them, one of the waitresses came up to them and bowed herself gracefully at the waist. She wore a maid costume. Her hair was… a familiar pink. Bubbly yellow eyes met his own.
“Welcome, Mistress Riana!” She greeted her.
Eryn’s eyes lit up in recognition. That pink hair, that costume, her voice…!
“A-Akiko?” he called out her name in realization.
“Oh, Eryn?” Akiko gave him a bright smile. “I didn’t expect to see you here! You finally came!”
“Hold on,” Riana glanced at Akiko, then at Eryn. “Do you two know each other?”
“We met a few days ago…” Eryn rubbed the back of his neck. When I was shopping for new clothes…
Eryn had met Akiko when he found her lost daughter, Taki. She was separated from her mother, and Eryn helped her to reunite with Akiko.
“Huh, what a small world.” Riana hummed. “I guess we don’t have to prolong introductions. Akiko, could I have the usual table?”
“Of course! Table for…” Akiko’s eyes bounced to each person. Her eyes shifted to the three monstergirls standing behind Eryn. “Oh, my! Are they your children, Eryn?”
“Y-Yes…” Eryn turned his head to them, who seemed to be wary of Akiko. “They’re my… monstergirls.”
“Oh, they’re monstergirls? I would love to get to know them!” She clasped her hands together. “But first, let me show you all to your table!”
Akiko twirled around and guided them to the entrance first to scan their ID cards. Most establishments require monstergirls to have their IDs scanned. Otherwise, they are not permitted entry. Upon entering it, Eryn took notice of the rather cute and elegant interior. Pastel blue and pink seemed to be the main colors used, with a pinch of light brown. He also saw other monstergirls hanging out together. His monstergirls had a collective wow at seeing this café.
“What is this place, Eryn?” Iris asked.
“It’s a café.” He answered. “You could say it’s a small restaurant that sells food and drinks.”
“Here is your table, mistress Riana.” Akiko waved her hand to their table. It was a circular table with a white sheet covering it. Two sofas curved around it.
“Thank you.” Riana and the others took their seats. Eryn helped the monstergirls get on the sofa. “We’ll make our orders first. Oh, and can you call…?”
“Of course, she’ll be right with you.” Akiko nodded, then turned around and left them for their company.
“It’s pretty soft to sit on.” Eryn patted the sofa, feeling its softness. I miss my couch already…
“Eryn, Eryn.” Lofie tugged on his hand. “Who is that maid woman?”
“Yeah!” Melty grabbed his jacket. “Are you close with her?”
“No, I wouldn’t say I’m close with her… we only just met a few days ago.” Eryn replied. Here we go again. “I met her when I went shopping for new clothes for you.”
“Oh!” Iris bowed her head to look at her outfit. “These are the new cute clothes we’re wearing, right?”
“Right.”
“Is she trying to steal you?” Lofie huffed.
“What?” Eryn shook his head. “No, of course not. She’s a married woman if I’m not mistaken…?”
“My, you’re going for the married women?” Riana smirked, shaking her head in a dramatic manner. “You’ve got questionable tastes, Eryn.”
“Now you’re just putting words in my mouth.”
“Mistress Riana.” A gentle voice called out. “It’s an honor to see you again.”
“Ah, hello!” Riana turned to the voice. “I hope you’ve been doing well.”
Eryn and the monstergirls observed this new waitress who came by. She wasn’t wearing a maid costume like the others. In fact, she was wearing a butler costume. Eryn’s eyes were drawn to her strikingly pale pink hair and pink eyes. Her hair bangs curved unnaturally away from her face, forming crescents. Her eyes were so mysterious yet so focused… as if he could get lost in them. She felt so… inhuman, yet she looked human.
“It’s always a delight to serve you, Mistress.” The butler bowed her head down, then looked at her new guests. “Are they your friends?”
“This is my brother, Eryn.” Riana motioned to him and the monstergirls. “And these adorable children are my nieces!”
“Hello!” The monstergirls waved their hands and greeted the butler.
 Right, nieces.  Eryn ruffled his hair. I mean, that’s kind of true now that I have adopted them.
“… It is a pleasure to meet you.” The butler gave them a warm smile. “My name is Mayonee.”
“L-Likewise…” Eryn bowed his head awkwardly. For some reason, he felt that smile was… directed at him, and him only. He also couldn’t help that… there was this aura of familiarity around her. As if they’ve met before. Her eyes… they’re so mysterious.
“You seem awfully distracted.” Riana asked, snapping him out of his senses.
“Huh?” Eryn zoned back in. “No, no… it’s just…”
“Why don’t you help the monstergirls to decide from the menu?” Riana slid the menu on the table to them.
“O-Oh, sure…” Eryn grabbed the menu and spread it open. Although, his eyes were still focused on the butler, Mayonee…
Something just seemed off about her.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  “So this should be obvious by now, Eryn, but this is a maid café!”


  
    “Huh, a maid café? I would have never guessed…”
  


  
    After their visit to the registration center, Eryn and the monstergirls joined Riana to have lunch together at her favorite maid café.
  


  
    “Have you never been to one before?” Riana asked.
  


  
    “Never.” Eryn shook his head. “But I’ve heard about them, yes.”
  


  
    “I see!” she gave a cheeky grin. “There’s a first time for everything! And this is the first of many firsts for the monstergirls.”
  


  
    “You might be right about that.” He returned a smile, then shifted his attention to the menu.
  


  
    “Riana…” Iris called.
  


  
    “What is it, Iris?” Riana crossed her leg over her other knee. 
    She seems to be warming up to me.
  


  
    “What is a maid café?”
  


  
    “Mhmm, I believe you know what a café is.” She replied. “As the name suggests, waitresses here dress up as maids!”
  


  
    “Oh!” Iris nodded in understanding.
  


  
    “Us customers are also treated differently. We are treated as their masters and mistresses.”
  


  “Master…” Iris pondered that word. That was what the monstergirls called Eryn when they first met. When he adopted them, Master was how they initially referred to him, but he disliked that idea very much.


  
    “And you’ll often come across many different maids.” Riana continued. “Take Akiko, for example. She’s a bubbly maid full of smiles. So adorable.”
  


  
    “Mhmm, she sure is…” Eryn agreed, which garnered curious glances from his monstergirls.
  


  “I’ve once been served by a maid who was on the more… daring side, if you get what I mean.” She raised her eyebrows twice, smirking.


  
    “I’m not sure if I want to get what you mean.” Eryn raised his brow back.
  


  
    “If she was here, maybe she’d steal your heart away.” She chuckled. “She certainly stole mine.”
  


  
    “Can maids really do that?” Lofie placed her little fingers on the table. “Can they steal Eryn’s heart?”
  


  
    “No, Lofie. I’m sure she was joking–”
  


  
    “But of course, Lofie!” Riana slammed her hands to the table. “You have to be really careful of these maids! They could easily steal Eryn from you!”
  


  
    “W-What?” Lofie’s eyes widened in horror, her ears twitching furiously.
  


  
    “No, they can’t steal Eryn from me!” Melty crawled on to Eryn’s lap. “I won’t let them!”
  


  
    “Eryn… that will not happen to you, right?” Iris tugged on his sleeve. Even she was worried if some maid laid their unspeakable hands on him.
  


  
    “… Don’t worry.” Eryn heaved out a heavy sigh. Riana enjoyed getting reactions out of the monstergirls. 
    Why did I go with her again…?
  


  Though there was one burning question on Eryn’s mind. It’s true this is a maid café but… that doesn’t explain why this one waitress in particular was wearing a butler costume instead.


  
    “There are a lot of items on the menu…” Eryn hummed, scanning the names and prices on the menu.
  


  
    “Please take your time.” Riana said. “We’re in no real rush.”
  


  
    “All right.” Eryn placed the menu on the table. 
    Hmmm, I’m not sure what I want to order… I wonder what the monstergirls would like.
  


  
    Lofie and Iris inched closer to Eryn to get a better look at the menu. Melty was already on his lap.
  


  
    “What will you eat, Eryn?” Iris asked.
  


  “I haven’t decided.” He answered, tapping his fingers on the table. “I think I’ll start with drinks first.” He turned to the drink section. Wow, there’s a lot of drinks to choose from. Many flavors and beverages were available. Tea, coffee, juice… what should I choose? As he was pondering the choices…


  
    “May I offer a recommendation, Master Eryn?”
  


  
    “Hmmm?” Eryn looked away from the menu.
  


  
    “I believe this is your first time here.” Mayonee smiled. “Is that correct?”
  


  
    “Y-Yes…” he nodded, still finding her presence unsettling.
  


  “May I suggest the Newcomer Set?” She turned the menu to the packet section. “You’ll get a preset sandwich, a sweet, and a drink of your choice.”


  “Wow…” Eryn bobbed his head in approval. This is quite affordable! “I guess I’ll take it then!”


  
    “Very well.” She nodded. “What drink would you like to have with it?”
  


  
    “Mhmm…” he stroked his chin in deep thought. “I’ll go for some honey tea.”
  


  
    “Of course.” She cast her gaze to the monstergirls. “What would the little mistresses like to have?”
  


  
    
      Little mistresses…
    
  
  
     he found it strangely adorable that Mayonee referred to the monstergirls as such. “What would you like?”
  


  
    “I want what Eryn is having!” Melty exclaimed, pumping her fists up.
  


  
    “Me too…” Iris raised her hand up.
  


  
    “Me three.” Lofie raised three fingers up.
  


  
    “Four Newcomer Sets it is.” Mayonee nodded. “What drinks would they like?”
  


  
    The monstergirls looked at Eryn for help. Eryn responded by holding the menu in his hands.
  


  
    “Feel free to pick from this list.” He placed his finger on the drink list. “There are a lot of options.”
  


  
    “There are so many…” Lofie’s eyes darted around the list, thinking of what to choose.
  


  
    “I want…,” Melty leaned into the menu and chose whatever sounded delicious to her, “… strawberry juice!”
  


  
    “Can I have this… vanilla bubble drink?” Iris pointed at the label.
  


  
    “Eryn, Eryn.” Lofie tugged his jacket. “Can you choose for me?”
  


  
    “Oh?” He turned to her. “Don’t you want to choose anything you like?”
  


  
    “It’s okay.” Lofie gave him a thumbs up. “Whatever Eryn chooses will taste good.”
  


  
    
      You’re putting too much faith in me, Lofie…
    
  
  
     Eryn chuckled. 
    Hmmm, I think she’ll like this one.
  


  
    “How about this chocolate milkshake?” Eryn pointed to it. “Is that fine with you?”
  


  
    “Very fine!” Lofie bobbed her head, her dog ears bouncing with her.
  


  
    Nodding, Mayonee made a mental note of their orders before turning to Riana.
  


  
    “I’ll have this omu-rice set with orange juice.” Riana said. “The usual.”
  


  
    “Please allow me to make sure. Four newcomer sets, an omu-rice set, honey tea, orange juice, vanilla bubble drink, strawberry juice, and chocolate milkshake.”
  


  
    “That’s right.”
  


  
    “Very well.” Mayonee turned to Eryn. “Master Eryn, I believe you have vouchers in your possession?”
  


  “Oh, right!” Eryn took the vouchers out of his wallet. I almost forgot about this… how did she know I have it on me? He handed it to her. “Can I redeem them?”


  
    “Of course.” She explained as she accepted the vouchers. “With these vouchers, you’ll get a 25% discount off your order.”
  


  
    “Wow, that’s neat.”
  


  
    “How lucky, Eryn.” Riana grinned.
  


  
    “We will begin preparing your order.” Mayonee bowed herself at the waist, then disappeared into the kitchen.
  


  
    “Riana, I’ve been meaning to ask something…” Eryn leaned on the table after the butler was out of their vision.
  


  
    “What is it?”
  


  
    “This is a maid café, right?”
  


  
    “… Oh.” Riana’s eyes widened in realization. “You must be wondering why Mayonee’s wearing a butler costume.”
  


  
    “Right.”
  


  
    “Well, I don’t know.” She briefly raised her shoulders.
  


  
    “Huh?” Eryn blinked. “You don’t know?”
  


  
    “I’ve never bothered to ask her, honestly.” She smacked her lips. “And she’s never brought it up.”
  


  “Huh, I see…” Eryn reclined back in his seat. Weird. She seems to fit right in with the other maids. I suppose it’s none of our business… still, he couldn’t shake his curiosity away. The other maids don’t seem bothered by it. Maybe this is part of her job?


  
    “That… woman.” Iris twiddled with her fingers. “She… scares me.”
  


  “She scares you?” Eryn wrapped his arm around Iris. She’s afraid of Mayonee…? “Why’s that, Iris?”


  
    “I don’t know…” Iris leaned on Eryn for reassurance. “I’m sorry, Eryn. I don’t know how to explain it.”
  


  
    “Hey, it’s okay.” Eryn gently stroked her hair. “Sometimes, we can’t explain these feelings.”
  


  
    “Mayonee’s a unique person, I’ll admit.” Riana hummed. “Even I wasn’t quite used to having her service, but she’s a really sweet and polite butler!”
  


  
    “I think so, too.”
  


  Even though Mayonee exuded this mysterious aura, her behavior was definitely genuine. Eryn didn’t sense anything malicious about her. But Iris… she sensed something off about her, huh? It struck him as odd that neither Lofie nor Melty mentioned any similar remarks. Maybe it’s because Iris is the eldest…


  
    “So you come to this café often?” Eryn asked.
  


  
    “Yep!” Riana nodded. “The prices are affordable, the waitresses are cute, and the place is comfortable.”
  


  
    “Sounds like you really enjoy this cafe.”
  


  
    “I do.” She grinned. “It’s where I can unwind after a long day.”
  


  
    “Nice to hear that…” Eryn hummed in understanding.
  


  
    “You know…” Riana stretched her palms towards him on the table. “We have a lot to catch up on. It’s been years since we last talked.”
  


  
    “Years…” Eryn averted his eyes, drawing his hands to hers. 
    Time flies by so fast, huh?
  


  
    “I know you have your own reasons for… living on your own.” Riana sighed, taking hold of his hands. “Ever since that day…”
  


  
    “… It’s been tough.” Eryn said softly. “Been trying to do what I can to… move on.”
  


  
    “They would be proud of you, Eryn.” Riana squeezed his hands gently. “I know I am.”
  


  The monstergirls silently paid attention to their conversation. They noticed that Eryn seemed… sentimental. Who was Riana referring to? Was it someone dear to Eryn?


  
    What they also understood was that Eryn might have cut contact with his sister for several years. What led him to that decision? There were so many things they didn’t know about their owner.
  


  
    “Your sister is here for you.” She gave a warm smile. “You can always rely on me.”
  


  
    “Yeah…” he replied with a timid smile. “Thanks, Riana.”
  


  
    “Eryn can also rely on us!” Melty grabbed his hands. “We’re here for you too!”
  


  
    “Mhmm…” Lofie nuzzled her head into his chest.
  


  
    “Because that’s what family is for!” Iris added, wrapping her arms around him.
  


  
    “… And of course, you have your monstergirls.” Riana added.
  


  Ever since that day many years ago, Eryn had shut himself off from everyone. It’s been so long that… I can’t remember what exactly happened. Perhaps the memory was so traumatizing that he buried it in the deepest depths of his mind. But I could never forget how it made me feel…


  
    But as he looked at the monstergirls’ faces, he somehow knew that everything would be okay. Now that they were officially adopted, he had a family to look after. A family that he would try his darndest to make happy.
  


  
    
      I won’t let them experience the pain of losing a parent.
    
  

  
    Chapter Text
    
  “Here is your order, Mistress Riana, Master Eryn, and my little mistresses.”


  
    Mayonee and Akiko served their orders to them. Mayonee placed the meals and sweets on the table, while Akiko handled the drinks. The food had such a vibrant and delectable presentation to their eyes. It was something they’d see straight out of an advertisement.
  


  “Wow.” Eryn and the monstergirls said in awe. It looks amazing…! It was rather aesthetically pleasing to their senses!


  
    “It looks amazing, doesn’t it?” Riana uttered the thoughts in Eryn’s mind. “Not only are the waitresses cute, but so are their creations!”
  


  
    “Yeah, you aren’t kidding.” The food left Eryn astounded. He almost felt bad for wanting to eat it. 
    I need to take a picture of this.
  


  
    “The food looks really cute!” Iris peeked over the table. “Can we eat it?”
  


  
    “Of course you can, Iris.” Eryn patted her head. “That’s why we’re here, after all.”
  


  
    “Looking at it is making me hungry!” Melty’s eyes sparkled with little stars.
  


  
    “We hope you enjoy your lunch!” Akiko smiled brightly.
  


  
    “Please let us know if there is anything else we can help with.” Mayonee bowed at the waist.
  


  
    “Thank you, as always.” Riana rolled her sleeves up to her arms. “Let’s dig in!”
  


  
    “Yeah!” the monstergirls cheered in unison.
  


  Eryn held the sandwich in his hand, his fingers feeling the fluffy texture of the bread. Nice to touch, too… bringing it to his lips, he took a bite out of the sandwich, and a crunchy and delicate taste filled his tongue. A perfect balance between the soft meat and greens.


  
    “What do you think?” Riana asked.
  


  
    “It tastes… pretty good!” Eryn bobbed his head in approval. “Better than what I was expecting.”
  


  
    Following Eryn, the monstergirls took their sandwiches and began eating them. Iris took small bites of her sandwich. Melty took big bites instead and chewed quickly. While Lofie… she tried to shove the entire thing inside her little cheeks.
  


  “Lofie…” Eryn gently grabbed her wrist. She sure likes stuffing her mouth with food… while it was cute, he found it deeply concerning. She might choke one of these days. “Here, try biting into it… like I do!” He took another bite of his sandwich and chewed slowly to demonstrate.


  “Oh.” Lofie looked at him, then back at her sandwich. She chomped on her sandwich and stuffed her cheeks. She muttered some incomprehensible words which Eryn understood as “like this?”


  
    “Well… sure?” He chuckled softly as he caressed her hair. 
    At least she didn’t shove it in, I guess.
  


  
    “Ish tash sho good!” Melty exclaimed while chewing her food. Her eyes sparkled with delight and her tail wagged around, brimming with excitement.
  


  
    “Haha, don’t talk while your mouth is full, Melty.” He lightly pinched her cheek. 
    This sure reminds me of the days when I was just a kid…
  


  
    “Eryn…” Iris called out.
  


  
    “What is it, Iris?” He turned to her.
  


  
    “Am I eating my sandwich wrong?”
  


  
    “… Huh?” Eryn blinked in a comical fashion. “No, I wouldn’t say you–…”
  


  
    “I’m not?” She pouted cutely.
  


  
    
      That’s… not what I expected.
    
  
  
     There was nothing really wrong with the way she was eating, but her expression suggested otherwise. His gaze shifted to her twitchy ears and waving tail. It was as if she wanted him to say something about it. 
    Does she… want me to correct her?
  


  
    “M-Maybe you can take… bigger bites?” he went with whatever was at the top of his head. “I think that would be more… uhm, efficient?” 
    Efficient? What an amazing reason, Eryn.
  


  
    “Oh, okay!” Iris smiled brightly and returned to eating her sandwich, taking bigger bites this time.
  


  
    “Uhuh…” Eryn scratched his head in confusion. 
    Don’t tell me she just wanted to get involved because of Lofie and Melty?
  


  
    “You look like a father right now, Eryn.” Riana remarked. “It’s honestly adorable.”
  


  
    “Do I…?” Eryn briefly raised his shoulders. “I still have much to learn before I can call myself a good owner to them.”
  


  
    “A learning father is a good father in my book.” She winked. “Do you feel you’ve made mistakes raising them so far?”
  


  “Well, there is one burning example in my mind.” He let out a soft sigh. “Do you remember the couch we used to sleep on back when we were kids?”


  
    “I will never forget it.” She reclined to her seat. “But what does the couch have to do with this?”
  


  “I’m getting to that point.” He took a bite of his sandwich. “So it’s–gyak?!”


  
    “No!” Melty headbutted his chin.
  


  “Ouch, Melty…” he rubbed his chin to ease the pain. She has so much strength in her little body, it’s unreal! “What’s wrong?”


  
    “Please don’t tell Riana that!” she pouted, throwing her hands down. “It’s embarrassing!”
  


  
    “Embarrassing…?” Eryn cocked his head at an angle. It was rather cute to see Melty embarrassed.
  


  
    “Whose fault was it, though?” Lofie cut in. “Tell us, Melty.”
  


  
    “Mnnnh, Eryn!” Melty pointed at Lofie. “Lofie’s being mean to me!”
  


  
    “Did something happen with the couch?” Riana asked, curiosity in her voice. 
    It doesn’t sound good…
  


  
    “Let’s just say that the couch is no longer with us.” Eryn took a sip of his tea. “I’m planning to buy a new one soon.”
  


  
    “… Oh,” was all Riana replied with. Her eyes naturally drifted to the little hinezumi. “I’m guessing little Melty had something to do with it?”
  


  
    “Mnngh…” Melty fiddled with her fingers nervously, her ears draping down. “I didn’t mean to–”
  


  
    “It’s not Melty’s fault.” Eryn caressed her hair. “I don’t blame her one bit.”
  


  
    “Eryn…?”
  


  
    “It was a massive oversight on my part.” He explained. “In hindsight, I know I could have prevented it. I should have familiarized myself with the monstergirls’ needs when I adopted them.”
  


  “Well, you sound quite certain.” Riana simply smiled. Not that I’m surprised. “No matter, I’m sure it was a memorable lesson for both you and Melty.”


  “Yeah… it sure was.” Eryn glanced at Melty. It’s quite burned into my mind… not the couch, but Melty’s teary-eyed face on that day. Seeing her cry really hurt me.


  
    “Mnnhh…” Melty cast her gaze down as she remembered the events of that day. Though Eryn didn’t blame her at all, she still felt bad. She let out a deep sigh, which didn’t escape his attention.
  


  
    Eryn grabbed her strawberry juice and guided the straw into her mouth. “Here, Melty. Did you already try drinking your strawberry juice?”
  


  
    Melty stared at the straw, then drew her lips to it, taking a sip of her juice. Her eyes lighted up immediately at the sweet taste filling her mouth. “It’s so good and sweet!”
  


  
    “It is!” Eryn smiled sweetly. 
    I hope this will brighten her mood, at least for a while…
  


  
    “Riana.” Mayonee approached her.
  


  
    “What is it, Mayonee?” Riana raised her brow.
  


  
    “I have some urgent news.” Mayonee leaned closer to her face to whisper.
  


  
    “Tell me.” Riana drew her to her lips to hear what she had to say.
  


  
    
      Urgent news…?
    
  
  
     Eryn observed them intently. Mayonee began whispering into her ear. Whatever Riana was hearing, it must have been bad news, judging by the frown appearing on her expression. Another observation he made was the fact Mayonee didn’t refer to her as ‘mistress’.
  


  
    “Really, Mayonee?” Riana asked, clenching her hands into fists.
  


  
    “Yes, they’re currently on the move to…”
  


  
    “… Terrible timing.” Riana sighed, her eyes drilling holes into the table. 
    I wanted to spend more time with Eryn and the monstergirls…
  


  
    “What’s up, Riana?” Eryn asked, curious.
  


  
    “Sorry, Eryn.” Riana stood up, pressing her palms against the table. “I have an urgent matter that requires my presence.”
  


  “Oh, no worries.” Eryn nodded in understanding. I wonder if it’s related to the registration center. “You took time out of your day to accompany us. We’re really grateful.”


  
    “I’m so sorry.” Riana’s lips curved downwards. “I really wanted to have a nice leisure lunch with you, but… duty calls.”
  


  
    “Maybe some other time.” Eryn smiled. 
    She did strike me as the busy type…
  


  “Iris, Melty, Lofie.” Riana bowed to them. “I’m glad to have met you all three. Please look out for Eryn. My brother may not look like it, but he enjoys getting himself into trouble.”


  
    
      That’s not true! 
    
  
  
    Eryn scoffed at her. “Hey, what do you mean by that–”
  


  
    “Okay!” the monstergirls said in unison.
  


  
    “Thank you for spending time with us, Riana!” Iris gave a polite smile.
  


  
    “Thank you for the food!” Melty grinned.
  


  
    “We’ll look after Eryn.” Lofie gave her a thumbs up. “You can count on it.”
  


  
    “See you all later!” Riana waved as she turned around and left the café. The monstergirls waved back as she disappeared.
  


  “… Take care, Riana.” Eryn whispered. I hope whatever this urgent matter she needs to attend to gets settled. Just as soon as he reunited with his sister was just as soon he had to separate with her. I’m sure we’ll catch up again soon enough.


  
    “Riana seems very fond of you.” A voice interrupted her thoughts.
  


  
    “Huh?” Eryn turned to Mayonee. 
    I didn’t realize she was still standing here.
  


  
    “Would you mind if I sat with you, Master Eryn?” Mayonee asked.
  


  
    “Oh, no…” Eryn waved his hand to the seat in front of him. “I don’t mind at all.”
  


  Mayonee smiled. Now taking Riana’s empty seat, was the butler. Eryn was awfully curious about Mayonee ever since he first laid his eyes on her. There was just something about her presence that felt so… mysterious.


  
    “… Mayonee, was it?” Eryn leaned on his hand, which was plopped upright by his arm on the table. “Do you and Riana know each other?”
  


  
    “I’ve known Mistress Riana for quite a long time.” She replied. “We have a… professional relationship of sorts.”
  


  
    “Huh, I see.” Eryn nodded, as if he understood. 
    A professional relationship… my sister and a butler?
  


  
    ‘Eryn…” Iris pulled his arm and hid behind it.
  


  
    “What’s wrong, Iris?”
  


  
    “Mhmm…” Iris shook her head, her ears and tail appearing on high alert.
  


  
    
      Oh, right… she said Mayonee scared her, but I wonder why.
    
  
   Eryn thought. He admitted that Mayonee seemed rather mysterious. I think Mayonee is a nice person… he stroked her hair to reassure her. It’ll be fine, Iris.


  
    Out of the corner of his eye, Mayonee was staring at Iris’s expression, as if analyzing her mind. Her pink eyes looked empty, but at the same time, they looked… 
    calculating.
  


  
    
      
        TING TING!
      
    
  


  
    “Oh, another customer.” Mayonee stood up from the seat. “Thank you for allowing me to sit with you, Eryn. I must return to work now.”
  


  
    “O-Oh, thank you too…” Eryn said awkwardly.
  


  After Mayonee left their table, Eryn felt Iris’s body relaxed in his hug. Iris is very wary of her… should I be, too? After all, monstergirls had sharper senses compared to humans.


  
    
      Ah, well… let’s finish our lunch.
    
  



  
    …
  


  
    ..
  


  
    .
  


  
    After finishing their lunch, Eryn and the monstergirls exited the café.
  


  
    “Thank you for stopping by!” Akiko waved at them. “Please come again next time!”
  


  
    “We will!” Eryn and the monstergirls waved back. 
    I’ll definitely come back. The food is great!
  


  
    “Eryn, where will we go now?” Melty asked.
  


  
    “I think we’ll walk back to the registration center.” Eryn answered. “Let’s meet up with Azusa.”
  


  
    The little family made pace to the registration center. Riana was busy with whatever matter she was handling, so Eryn figured they could just go home directly. 
    Nothing else to do here.
  


  
    As they walked, sounds of children talking and laughing could be heard, prompting Lofie to stop in place and turn her head to the noises. Her ears twitched, focusing on the sounds she just heard. Unaware, her fingers slipped from Eryn’s grasp as she faced the area from across the street.
  


  
    “… Lofie?” Eryn walked back to her, with Iris and Melty following behind. “What’s wrong?”
  


  
    Eryn followed her line of sight and noticed the group of children on the other side. They were forming a line, following the instructions of an adult leading them. All the children were wearing the same clothes. Though what caught his attention the most was the various ears and tails poking out of their bodies, making him realize that…
  


  
    
      That must be their teacher… and they’re monstergirl children
    
  
  , leading him to conclude that this was a school–a school activity. It never hit me that there could be schools for monstergirls, huh?


  
    
      Schools for monstergirls…
    
  
  
     he looked at each of his monstergirls. He’s never questioned it until now, but…
  


  
    
      Did they ever go to school?
    
  

  
    Chapter Text
    Up till this point, it never crossed Eryn’s mind whether the little monstergirls had ever gone to school. Monstergirls and schooling just didn’t mesh together in his mind. Well, it doesn’t hurt to ask, right? He drew his attention to the monstergirl who seemed the most curious about it.“Lofie.” Eryn patted her hair between her ears. “Are you interested in going to school?”“Huh?” Lofie snapped her eyes back to him. “No, I’m not.” Her tail wagged around intensely in interest, betraying her own words.“I see.” He chuckled softly. Her tail is telling me otherwise…“School…” Iris stared at the group of monstergirl children on the other side.“It’s where children learn new things and play with each other, right?” Melty said.“That’s… right?” Eryn raised a brow, not expecting Melty to answer. She knows what a school is. “Have you ever gone to school, Melty?”“Nope!” she shook her head. “I only heard about it from my previous owners.”Previous owners… maybe this was one of their better owners. Did they plan to take the monstergirls to school?“Is school a fun place?” Lofie asked, her attention focused on the children.“Fun, huh…?” Eryn crossed his arms. What were my little child days like? His younger school days weren’t the most memorable, he admitted.“Eryn must have already gone to school, right?” Iris said with a smile.“… Mhmm.” He puffed his cheeks out, a frown adorning his face. “You’re right. I graduated from… senior high school a while back.”“Senior… high… school?” Iris mouthed those three words, two words of which she didn’t understand when they preceded school. “Is that a different kind of school?”“Yes, you could say that.” He scratched the back of his head. “There are different levels of school. I’d say those monstergirl children are… in a nursery school.” Though he wasn’t completely sure. I’m not sure if monstergirl schools follow the same standards as a regular school. He didn’t even know monstergirl schools were a thing. If it weren’t for Lofie, that knowledge would be lost to the abyss.“Nursery school…” Lofie’s ears twitched at those words. Words she found interesting.“Oh, a message…” His phone vibrated in his pocket, prompting him to open it up and check it. Azusa… she’s waiting at the registration center. He quickly slid his phone back into his pocket. Better get a move on.“Come on, everyone.” Eryn lifted Lofie up, sitting her on his shoulders. He then took hold of Iris and Melty’s hands, gently pulling them to his side. “Azusa’s waiting for us.”“Okay!” Iris and Melty said in unison. It fell deaf on Lofie’s ears because the school still had her attention.“Eryn.” Lofie grabbed a fistful of his raven hair with her little hands.“What is it, Lofie?”“… Nothing.” Lofie rested her chin on his head, nuzzling into it. Her ears and tail draped down, deprived of any lively motion.“… Okay?” Eryn raised a brow, confused. It sounded like she wanted to ask me something…?“Will you tell us about your school days, Eryn?” Iris asked in a curious manner.“Yeah!” Melty agreed, grinning. “I want to hear about Eryn’s life in school!”“… It’s not very fun to talk about.” He let out a deep sigh as some memories, which he’d prefer to forget, flashed through his mind. “Sorry, maybe some other time.”“Oh… okay.” Iris’s ears curled down. She observed her owner’s expression, noticing the darkness in his gaze as he looked down on the pavement, staring into nothingness. Just seeing this filled her heart with guilt. Did she ask something she shouldn’t have? Did something bad happen to Eryn in his school days? She only wanted to know more about him.“I’m sorry, Eryn.” Iris bowed her head, her eyes facing the ground.“Huh?” His eyes widened in surprise. “What are you sorry for, Iris?”“I… wanted to know about Eryn’s school life.” She said softly. “Maybe Eryn didn’t want to remember it.”That’s… not so far-fetched, honestly. It puzzled him sometimes how Iris could read his thoughts. It’s true I don’t want to remember my school days, but it’s not really that bad. I just didn’t have a fun childhood worth remembering.“No need to apologize, Iris.” Eryn squeezed her hand gently to reassure her. “I meant I didn’t want to talk about it right now.”“Oh.”“But after we get back home,” he stared at the bright sky, “I could show you my school pictures. I have a lot of them.”“Oh, oh!” Melty raised her free hand up excitedly. “I want to see!”“Me too.” Lofie nuzzled her cheek into his hair.“Eryn’s school pictures…” Iris’s eyes lit up at the idea. Would she be able to see a younger Eryn? “Yes, I want to see them!”“Great.” Eryn smiled in relief. A cute smile suits her face. Honestly, he was embarrassed about going back to the past and showing the monstergirls her pictures, but if it was to make them smile, especially Iris, then he couldn’t care less.
  Let’s meet up with Azusa…

  …

  ..

  .
After they met up with Azusa, they got in her car and made their way back home.“So, how was the registration process?” Azusa asked. “It must have been smooth sailing, wasn’t it? Considering it was your sister who oversaw the process.”“Yeah, surprisingly.” Eryn replied, folding his arms together. “It wasn’t as complicated as I imagined it to be.”“That’s great to hear.” She smiled brightly. “Now you and the monstergirls are officially a family!”“Yeah…” his lips curved into a soft smile. “We finally are.”With the monstergirl ID cards, he could now bring the monstergirls outside to many places. Although, I haven’t really thought that far. Eryn preferred staying at home. I don’t think the monstergirls should adopt my lifestyle.“Say, Eryn…” Azusa slowed the car down.“Yeah?”“I’d like to hang out with you whenever you’re free.” She whispered, resting her hand on his. “Y’know, just like old times.”“Azusa…”“I missed you a lot.” She squeezed his hand gently. “I was wondering where you’ve been these past few years… and now you’re right here.”“… Sorry.” Eryn took hold of her hand. “I must have worried you a lot, huh?”“You did.” She sighed. “You better make it up to me for all the pain you’ve caused me.”“Heh.” He playfully punched her shoulder. “I’ll try to keep in touch.”A chilly sensation crawled up his spine. He felt like holes were being drilled into his skulls from behind. Subtly, he looked at the corner of his eye and noticed the monstergirls staring at him. They, especially Lofie, certainly didn’t appreciate the closeness he had with Azusa. She emitted a terrifying aura.“Eryn, Eryn.” Lofie pouted. “I want to hold your hand, too.”Oh, dear. Eryn let out a faint sigh. “Azusa, do you mind?”“Not at all.” Azusa pressed a few buttons, and his seat turned around to face the monstergirls. “I suppose it’ll take some time for little Lofie to warm up to me.”Yeah, I wonder how long that will be. Eryn stretched his hand out and let Lofie grab it with her little hands. She gave a few tight squeezes, pressing her tiny thumbs into his skin.Feels like a massage. Eryn thought. Is she imitating what Azusa did to my hand?“So, your sister told me you guys had lunch together?” Azusa said. “How was it? Did you two catch up with each other?”“We talked a bit.” Eryn replied. “But… she had an urgent matter to attend to, so we couldn’t have a leisure time together.”“Ah, a busy woman, she is.” Azusa nodded in understanding, keeping her eyes on the road. “Having to oversee registration for dozens of monstergirls daily, as well as being a prime member of the MCU.”“… Yeah.” Eryn drew his head back. “She’s got a lot on her plate…” Wait. It took him a while to fully register what she had just said. Something… really stood out.“But she’s amazing.” Azusa said, her voice full of respect. “No one does it quite like–”“Azusa, could you repeat your last statement?”“Hmmm…?” Azusa tilted her head to the left. “She’s amazing?”“No, before that.” He waved his hand.“She’s a prime member of the MCU?”“The MCU?” Eryn raised his brows at such a foreign word. “What is that?”“Oh, I thought she would have told you that.” Azusa stared off into the distance. She didn’t tell him, huh? “She’s a member of the Monstergirl Containment Unit.”“The… Monstergirl Containment Unit?”“Yep.” She nodded. “You’ve never heard of it?” I guess he wouldn’t.“No, this is my first time.” He rubbed his neck. Just judging from the name, it didn’t sound like anything pleasant. Containment…? Containing monstergirls? What kind of organization is Riana part of? What do they do?“I see.” Azusa bowed her head, pondering her mind. “I’m sure she’ll tell you about it someday.”“Huh…” He gazed at her expression out of the corner of his eye. He noticed she seemed hesitant to talk about this. Maybe I should ask Riana later…? He made a mental note of the MCU, the Monstergirl Containment Unit.“We’re finally home.” Azusa stopped just in front of his house and unlocked all the car doors with an audible click.“Thanks, Azusa.” Eryn helped detach the seat belts off the monstergirls and lifted them outside the car one by one. “I really owe you one.”“You can take me on a date later.” She winked.“Haha, don’t expect too much of me.” Eryn got out of the car and closed the door. He walked to the other side of the car with the monstergirls.“Thank you, Azusa!” Melty and Iris waved her hands as an expression of gratitude.“… Hmph.” Lofie crossed her arms and turned her head to the side. Clenching her skirt, she reluctantly looked at Azusa, mumbling faintly. “Thank you… Azusa.”Oh, wow. Eryn blinked twice in surprise. Lofie actually thanked her! He thought he had to jump in and encourage her… but I think she’ll learn just fine.“You’re very welcome, my dear monstergirls!” Azusa grinned brightly at them. “I’ll catch ya later, Eryn.”“See you.” And thank you, again.With their parting words said, Azusa drove off, disappearing in the distance as Eryn waved at her. They returned home afterwards. He helped the monstergirls to take off their clothes and put comfortable clothes on them.What an eventful day… Eryn plopped down on the carpet and stretched his arms outwards. I got to meet up with my sister, register the monstergirls, and met with Akiko again. He took his phone and sent thank-you messages to Riana and Azusa. Couldn’t have done it without them.He tossed his phone aside and let out a deep breath. I still need to buy a new couch… the living room felt empty without it.“Eryn, Eryn.” Lofie crawled to him and softly head-butted his stomach.“Mhmm…?”“Can I see Eryn’s school pictures?” She asked, her tail wagging around.“Oh, sure.” He got up to his feet. “Wait here. Let me go take it.”Eryn went to his room and checked his drawers. Where did I put it…? It’s around here somewhere. A good deal of dust had accumulated over the years. Wow, it’s been a while. He sorted through his books. Ah, I think this is it! He pulled a few books out, some dust blowing here and there. Ugh, I need to dust these off. He lazily rearranged some books back in and closed the drawer.Holding it in his hand, his thumbs rubbed against the hardcover. This feels… nostalgic. He didn’t find any of his yearbooks, but what he found was a photo collection dating many years back. I think the monstergirls will enjoy this.
  Time to take a trip down memory lane.

  
    Chapter Text
    “Melty, what do you think about school?” Lofie asked, crawling towards her.
“School… I think it sounds like a fun place!” Melty replied with a grin.
“I see.” Lofie nodded, then turned to Iris. “Iris, what do you think about school?”
“I don’t know.” Iris shook her head. “My previous owners never took me to school. They never talked about it.”
“I see.” Lofie nodded, stroking her chin. The idea of school fascinated her. What would it be like to go to school?
“Does Eryn think schools are fun?” Melty asked them.
“I’m not sure.” Iris twiddled with her fingers. “Eryn didn’t seem very happy when I asked him about it.”
“Maybe school wasn’t fun for him.” Lofie guessed.
“I want to ask Eryn about it, but I don’t want him to be mad at me.” Iris bowed her head, a frown appearing on her face.
“Why would Eryn be mad about it?” Melty asked. “I wanna ask him!”
“Do you want Eryn to be mad at you?” Lofie asked, folding her arms.
“What? No!” Melty waved her hands frantically. “Will he be mad at me for asking him about school?”
“That’s what you just asked me, Melty.” Iris sighed.
“I think… Eryn won’t be mad.” Lofie placed her palms on the floor. “Eryn always makes us feel safe.”
“Yeah!” Melty agreed. “Eryn is the best!”
“Eryn has given us so much…” Iris’s lips curved into a grateful smile. “He makes me really happy...”
The monstergirls shared sweet smiles with each other. Rarely do they get the chance to sit down, relax, and have sisterly bonding moments. They felt extremely grateful to Eryn.
They hope to be together for a long time.
“Hey, everyone.” Eryn walked to the living room, carrying a photo book. They seem to be bonding together. That’s really nice to see. “I found my old photo book.”
“A photo book?” Lofie asked.
“Oh, oh, I want to see!” Melty stood up and ran to him.
“Easy there.” He chuckled softly as he sat down, dropping the hefty photo book on the floor. “I didn’t find any of my old school books, but I think I do have some school pictures here.”
“Oh, school pictures!” Lofie’s eyes lit up with sparkles, her ears twitching with delight.
The monstergirls gathered around him, huddling close to the book.
“And I think… you’ll see pictures of me when I was a kid.” Eryn playfully poked Iris’s nose. “Just like you three.”
“Oh!” Iris’s eyes widened in surprise. Like her sisters, she was quite curious to see little Eryn!
Eryn dusted off the cover. Let’s go down memory lane! He flipped the photo book open, and they were immediately greeted with photos of Eryn and Riana when they were kids.
“Awww!” The monstergirls shared a collective reaction at seeing the photos.
“W-Well…” Eryn scratched his cheek awkwardly, heat rising in his face. I wasn’t expecting to see my child self on the first turn.
“Is this you and your sister, Eryn?” Melty asked, pointing to a photo. “You look so cute!”
“Little Eryn…” Iris’s eyes focused on the photo. He was such an adorable boy!
“Yep, that’s me and my sister.” He replied. “Back when we used to live together.”
“Why doesn’t your sister live here anymore, Eryn?” Lofie asked, curious.
“Because of her job, I think?” He folded his arms in deep thought. “She told me she wants to make a living for herself.” And I never knew her job involved dealing with monstergirls…
Eryn flipped the page. There were photos of a crying boy wearing a school uniform and standing in front of a school building.
“And this… I believe this was my first day of school.”
“Awww, why is little Eryn crying?” Iris rubbed her palms over the picture, feeling an instinct to comfort the crying boy.
“Being separated from my family… little me found that a terrifying experience.” He chuckled.
“Is school scary, Eryn?” Melty asked.
“No, I don’t think it’s necessarily scary…” he adjusted himself, laying down on his front. His hands, plopped on their elbows, supported his face. “It was just a new experience for me.”
“Eryn is brave.” Lofie gave him a thumbs up. “Very brave for going to school.”
“Haha, I had to be brave.” He slipped his hand under the page. “I’m sure you three would do better than me going to school.”
“As long as Eryn is with us, there is nothing to worry about.” Lofie’s eyes sparkled with determination, her ears twitching upward.
“And you have each other, too.” Eryn flipped to the next page of photos. He and his sister could be seen doing various activities. He shared more stories about his childhood with the monstergirls. They happily listened to every word.
Then he turned to the next page, and there was a photo of his best friend, Azusa. They could be seen holding hands and eating ice cream.
“Azusa…” Lofie narrowed her eyes at the photo, her ears twitching with annoyance. A low growl escaped her throat.
I don’t think she’s going to warm up to Azusa anytime soon. Eryn ruffled his hair.
“Eryn, how long have you known Azusa?” Iris asked.
“We’ve known each other for a very long time.” He answered. “At least seven years.”
“Wow!” Melty bobbed her head.
“Does Eryn love Azusa?” Lofie asked, holding her breath, a bit afraid to hear the answer. Even Melty and Iris were holding their breath in anticipation.
“… Yeah?” He raised a brow at her question. “She’s my best friend. Of course I love her.” It would be odd if I didn’t like her at all.
“Oh.” Lofie breathed a sigh of relief. “Good!”
“Sure…?” Eryn blinked in a comical fashion.
As he turned to the next pages, empty spaces in the pages became increasingly apparent. Eryn would chalk it to a disorderly arrangement of the photos, but it seemed the empty spaces were deliberate. Have they always been empty? I don’t remember exactly…
Iris noticed something strange about these photos. There wasn’t anything odd about the photos themselves, but she expected two certain people to show up. Their previous caretakers, Aiden and Amber, were nowhere to be seen. She recalled Aiden and Amber saying this when Eryn stopped by the shelter to see her.

  “You came here with your sister often when you were younger.”


  “It seems little Eryn is all grown up now!”

Judging by this, Eryn must have known them for a long time. Why aren’t they here? Maybe he didn’t take any photos with them. That seemed like a simple explanation, though it felt off to her…
Turning to the last page, only a single photo was visible. Two kids, one boy and girl who were obviously Eryn and Riana. Two adults, a man and a woman, holding the kids in their arms.
“Oh…” the monstergirls said in awe. It was strange that, before this moment, the photos didn’t show any of his parents. Eryn didn’t mention them even once to the monstergirls.
“And these… are my parents.” Eryn brushed his fingers against the photo. A wave of faint memories hit him. Memories tainted with sadness and bittersweetness. Memories he buried in the depths of his mind.
“A beautiful family.” Lofie commented.
“They raised wonderful children!” Melty exclaimed with a grin.
“Where are your parents, Eryn?” Iris asked. “I would love to meet them.”
Eryn slightly flinched at the question leaving her lips. It was such an innocent question, and yet…
“I… would love to meet them too, Iris.”
“… Huh?” Iris tilted her head to the side.
“My parents… they, uh…” He let out a deep sigh and clenched his fingers into fists, casting his gaze down. “They… passed away when me and Riana were kids.”
The monstergirls froze, their eyes widening in shock. They stared at Eryn, processing the words entering their ears. His parents were not here anymore. They’d never have the chance to meet his parents.
“I’m… so sorry, Eryn.” Iris bowed her head, her ears depressing. “I… I didn’t… I didn’t mean to…”
“It’s okay. You didn’t know.” He patted her head and rubbed it. “Riana and I… we did what we could to… move on. Become people our parents would be proud of.”
Melty drew her little hand to Eryn’s much bigger hand, wanting to comfort him. She did not know what to say. Knowing his parents weren’t here anymore left her speechless.
“And I’m sure if they were still alive…” Tears welled up in his eyes. Tears he was holding back. “They would have loved to meet you three and cherish you like the grandchildren they never had.”
“I’m sure Eryn’s parents must be proud.” Lofie stood on her knees and inched closer to him. She gently cupped his cheeks and rubbed his tears away with her small thumb. “Eryn is an amazing person.”
Eryn could only return a weak smile. Getting comforted by my own monstergirls… this made the pain in his heart easier to bear. Normally, he wouldn’t want the monstergirls to ever see him cry.
But they were his family, too. Maybe it’s okay to lean on them. To share sadness and go through it together.
He held Lofie’s hands and gently put them away. With his forearm, he rubbed his eyes to clear his tears. He shifted into a sitting position and crossed his legs.
“I… don’t remember my own parents, Eryn.” Iris said softly.
“Huh…?” Eryn turned to her.
“Me too.” Melty nodded her head. “I never met my parents.”
“I don’t know who my parents are, either.” Lofie added.
They don’t know who their parents are…? Eryn thought. At least he knew he had loving parents. That was surprising to hear. Had they always been alone growing up? As if having bad owners wasn’t enough. They didn’t seem very hung up on it, though.
“But we have each other now!” Iris got in between Lofie and Melty, wrapping her arms around their shoulders.
If there’s one thing obvious about the monstergirls, it’s that they truly saw each other as sisters. A catgirl, an Anubis, and a hinezumi, three different monstergirls from three different backgrounds. And yet, Eryn has once never felt they couldn’t be sisters. They love each other dearly.
“And we have a wonderful parent now.” Lofie smiled brightly.
“Oh, who would that be…?” Eryn asked, his mind not fully registering the question.
“It’s you!” Melty exclaimed and leapt into Eryn’s arms.
“Woah…” Eryn caught her by reflex. I’m… their parent? That thought hadn’t fully sunk in with him yet. He’s never seen himself as a parent, but now that the monstergirls were adopted into his family…
“No fair, Melty!” Lofie and Iris followed Melty, squeezing into his arms.
Eryn let out a soft laugh. He wrapped his arms around the monstergirls, holding them close to his heart. That’s right. I’m a parent now, aren’t I?
“Eryn has done so much for us.” Iris nuzzled her head into his chest. “We want to be there for Eryn, too!”
“Yeah!” Melty grinned. “Cause we’re family now! And family are there for each other!”
“A happy family.” Lofie softly head-butted his chest.
That’s how they’ve always seen me, huh? His gaze drifted to drawing on the fridge. A day after he adopted the monstergirls, Lofie drew a picture of them, what she saw as a happy family. Without question, she and her sisters already saw Eryn as their family, even before the official adoption.
Deep inside, I’ve always felt hesitant. He closed his eyes. To fully accept them as my family. But now, there was no reason to feel hesitation. Seeing the monstergirls’ joyful expressions, that was all he needed to confirm his own feelings.

  I’ll do my best to raise them.


  As my parents have raised me.

  
    Chapter Text
    “Bath time. Bath time.”“Easy there. Let me first fill the bathtub.”A wonderful new morning. It was bath time for the monstergirls. Eryn turned on the water tap to fill the bathtub. He ran his hand through the running water and adjusted the temperature to a comfortable level.Iris and Lofie quickly stripped out of their clothes while Melty clung to Eryn’s leg, reluctant to take a bath with her sisters.“Eryn, I don’t want to take a bath with them!” Melty pouted.“Come on, you should try the bathtub for once!” Eryn patted her head.“But they will splash water on me!”“I promise they won’t.” He turned to the two monstergirls. “You two will behave yourself, is that right?”“Yes!” Iris raised her palm.“Maybe.” Lofie peeked behind Iris’s shoulders.“See?!” Melty puffed her cheeks out. “They’re going to splash water on me!”“It’ll be fine.” He switched off the tap. “I’ll be with you, so I won’t let them splash water on you.”“Mnnngh…” Melty tightened her arms around his leg.“Come on, let me help take your clothes off.” He sat on the edge of the bathtub and ruffled her red hair. After some insistence, Melty let him take her clothes off, grumbling as he did.“Great.” Eryn gathered their clothes and tossed them into the washing machine. Ah, I forgot to bring a change of clothes. “Wait here, l’ll head to my room real quick to take new clothes.”He walked out the bathroom, leaving the monstergirls to their company. As soon as he left, a sinister smile adorned Lofie’s lips.“Let’s get in the bath!” Iris said. She climbed over the edge, lifting one leg after the other until she safely got in the bathtub. Lofie followed. Melty turned to look at the door. She waited for Eryn to come back. There’s no guarantee Lofie and Iris wouldn’t do anything if he wasn’t supervising them.“Come on, Melty.” Lofie repeatedly patted the water with her little hands, generating small ripples.“No!” She shook her head and crossed her arms. “I’ll wait for Eryn to come back.”“I think Eryn will be proud of you if you can get in the bathtub yourself!”  Iris said, stretching her arms out to Melty.“… Really?” Melty’s mouse ears twitched at her words. She wouldn’t want to miss a chance to make Eryn proud.“Yes!” Iris bobbed her head excitedly. “Come on!”With reluctance in her footsteps, Melty walked to the bathtub and took hold of Iris’s hands. Iris gently pulled her into the bathtub. Shivers ricocheted up her spine as soon as her feet came in contact with the surface of the water.“See? That was easy!” Iris giggled.“I don’t like baths without Eryn…” Melty pouted, adjusting to the temperature.Unknown to Melty, Lofie’s eyes sparkled with sinister intent. She raised her finger and drew it to Melty’s cheek.“Poke.”“Hey!” Melty slapped her hand away.“Poke, poke!” Melty used two hands now and poked Melty’s cheeks.“Don’t touch me, Lofie!” Melty cried out.“Splash, splash.” Lofie slammed her palms on the water, splashing water in her direction.“I’m calling Eryn!” Melty jumped out of the bathtub and ran out of the bathroom.“Melty, wait!” Iris reached out, but she was too late.“I’m following her.” Lofie climbed out of the bathtub and followed Melty, leaving Iris to her lone company.Iris was at a loss for words. Maybe she should have stopped Lofie from bothering Melty, now that she thought about it. …...“All right, I think these are the clothes.”After grabbing three new changes of clothes for the monstergirls, Eryn closed the drawer. Thanks to my little shopping trip and Akiko’s help, they’ve got full sets of clothes! He left his room and walked to the bathroom.“Get away from me, Lofie!”“Why are you running?”“Hmm…?” Eryn stood in place. Two familiar voices echoed throughout the living room.“Eryn, Eryn!” Melty cried out.“Melty…?” Eryn raised his brow.“Stop running.” Lofie said, chasing Melty with a devilish grin.“And Lofie?” He raised both brows now.“Eryn!” Melty hid behind his legs. “Lofie’s being mean to me!”“No, I wasn’t.” Lofie pouted.“What’s going on–”
  
    DING DONG!
  
The doorbell echoed through the hallway, prompting Eryn to draw his attention away from the monstergirls. Is someone here? He couldn’t finish processing the current situation!“Rawr!” With a playful growl, Lofie latched on to Eryn’s legs.“Eeep!” Melty jumped away and started running. Lofie chased after her. The two monstergirls ran in circles around the living room with no clothes on.“Lofie, Melty!” He huffed. “Don’t run around! You need to finish your bath first!”He scratched his cheek. Well, this is a dilemma. Dealing with multiple tasks was not his forte. First things first, he’d go and answer the door. Can’t keep whoever is waiting out there. He walked to the entrance and opened the door. Two familiar faces popped up.“Hey, Eryn!” Aiden waved with a bright smile.“Hi!” Amber grinned. “It’s good to see you again!”“Aiden? Amber?” Eryn’s gaze switched between them multiple times. Seeing them in front of his house was certainly not in his plans. But something tingled in the back of his mind. Something important… oh! They planned to visit him a week after the monstergirls’ adoption! I completely forgot about that! With everything then went on, it must have slipped his mind.“Waaaah, Eryn!” Melty hugged his legs from behind. “Lofie is a meanie!”“No, I’m not.” Lofie smirked.“You two should be in the bath right now.” Eryn sighed. “Lofie, did you do something to Melty?”“… Maybe.” Lofie averted her eyes.“It appears you have your hands full with the lovely monstergirls.” Aiden commented. “Did we come at a wrong time?”“No, no, it’s fine!” Eryn waved his hand.“Melty! Lofie!” Amber crouched down to their level. “Hello! It’s good to see you again!”“… Oh!” Melty’s eyes lit up in recognition. She pointed at them. “It’s the caretaker siblings!”“Please come in.” Eryn motioned for them to enter.The siblings entered his home. Amber immediately ran to Lofie and picked her up into her arms.“Lofie!” Tears streamed down her cheeks in a comical fashion. She squeezed the little Anubis in her arms. “I missed you so much!”“Too tight…” Lofie mumbled in her bear hug.“Hello, Melty.” Aiden patted her head, noticing her lack of clothes. “Are you just about to take a bath?”“Yeah!” Melty bobbed her head. “Eryn’s going to give us a bath!”“Sorry, uh…” Eryn scratched his cheek. “Do you two mind waiting for a while?”“No worries.” Aiden smiled. “We’re not in any hurry.”“The little monstergirls need their bath, that’s for sure!” Amber let Lofie down.Eryn guided his new guests to the table and chairs near the kitchen. The couch was not an option, obviously. He considered asking them to sit on the carpet (it was comfortable, he believed) but that’s not how he wanted to treat his guests. That would be disrespectful of me.“I’ll be with you soon.” Eryn walked to the bathroom with the two monstergirls. “Come on, Melty. Lofie.”“Eryn, Lofie splashed water on me!” Melty pouted.“Is that true, Lofie?” Eryn turned his face to her, raising a brow.“… Maybe.” Lofie avoided his eyes.“Mhmm…” Eryn cracked a smile. How adorable. “There might be consequences if you lie, Lofie.”“E-Eh?!” Lofie’s eyes widened, her ears tingling with panic. Dealing with consequences was the last thing she needed. “It was just a splash, Eryn!”“See?!” Melty puffed her cheeks out at her. “She’s a meanie!”“You just don’t know how to have fun.” Lofie stuck her tongue out.“You’re not making it any fun!” Melty bit back.“Oh, dear…”Aiden and Amber watched their interactions silently from afar. They turned to each other and exchanged smiles.“It already looks like they are a family.” Aiden folded his arms. “Wouldn’t you agree, sis?”“You’re right about that.” Amber nodded. “Melty and Lofie are already attached to him.” And I wonder where Iris is.“I’d say Eryn is also attached to the monstergirls.” He chuckled. “They seem adjusted to life together within a week.”“Not surprised at all.” Her lips curved into a smile.After heading to the bathroom, Eryn set the new clothes on the laundry machine. Lofie climbed back into the bathtub while Melty stood next to him.“You’re back!” Iris said, raising her hands in the air.“Eryn doesn’t let me play with Melty.” Lofie sunk herself down to her neck.“You weren’t playing with me!” Melty hissed. “You were being a meanie!”“… so, Lofie.” Eryn cleared his throat to distill some tension in the air. “Will you promise to behave yourself and not splash water on Melty?”“… Yes.” Lofie nodded, averting her eyes.“Great.” Eryn turned to Melty and patted her head. “Well, Melty? Would you like to get in the bath now?”“I don’t trust Lofie.” Melty pouted, crossing her arms.“It’ll be fine.” Eryn lifted her by her arms and slowly let her down in the bathtub. “I’ll watch over you. If Lofie tries anything…”“I won’t, I won’t!” Lofie shook her head frantically.“Okay!” Melty beamed.“So!” With a slap of his hands, Eryn stretched his fingers outward, resulting in some satisfying cracks. “Ready for your bath?”“Yeah!” all the monstergirls said in unison.
  After the bath…
…... “And done!” Eryn wrapped the towel around Melty and gently rubbed her hair. “That wasn’t so bad now, was it?”“It’s because Eryn bathed me!” Melty grinned.“My turn, my turn.” Lofie head-butted his arm.“Okay, okay.” He chuckled. After drying off Melty, he moved on to Lofie and wrapped the towel around her. Lofie hummed in satisfaction, her tail waving around in delight.“Don’t forget me, Eryn…” Iris pouted, tugging on his shirt.“Yes, yes.”After drying all the monstergirls, Eryn put on their new change of clothes. It fit them just fine.“These clothes are comfy!” Melty twirled around.Lofie grabbed the fabric of her shirt and took a few sniffs. “It feels good to wear.”“Thank you, Eryn!” Iris said.“Of course.” He returned a smile. “I’m glad you all like them.” And I have Akiko to thank for that.Eryn and the monstergirls stepped out of the bathroom and walked to the living room. There the monstergirls saw Aiden and Amber sitting in the kitchen area.“Oh!” Iris’s eye widened in surprise. “The caretaker siblings!”“And there’s little Iris!” Amber rushed to her and crouched down. She squeezed the catgirl’s cheeks. “It’s so good to see you!”“Hewwo…!” Iris greeted them through her squeezed lips.“Easy there, sis.” Aiden held her shoulder. “You wouldn’t want to scare her.”“Sorry, sorry.” Amber let go of her face. “I’m just so happy to see them well.”“Well, we came here for that exact reason.” Aiden cleared his throat. “Eryn, mind if we talked about the monstergirls?”“Sure.” Eryn nodded.“Let’s sit here together.” Aiden sat down on the carpet. Amber followed.“Oh, are you sure?” Eryn rubbed the back of his neck. “I can grab some chairs.”“No worries, it’s fine.” Aiden waved his hand. “We’ve known each other since we were kids, Eryn.”“… I suppose that’s right.” Eryn sighed with a smile, then sat down. The monstergirls gathered around him, with Lofie claiming his lap.“So!” Aiden clapped his hands. “How has this week been for you raising the monstergirls? Anything you’d like to bring up to us?”“It was a rough start, I’ll admit.” Eryn replied. “But I’m slowly learning more and more about the monstergirls.”“I see.” Aiden nodded. “Have the monstergirls done anything… questionable?”“Well…” Eryn’s eyes drifted to Melty. “Can I answer with a question?”“Shoot.”“Did you know Melty can use fire?”“Oh, she is a fire mouse, after all!” Amber smiled. “She showed us some of her fire tricks before!”“Eryn…” A frown appeared on Melty’s face as her tail curled downwards. She had an idea where this conversation would be going.“It’s okay, Melty.” Eryn patted her head to reassure her. “I think it’s important to talk about this.”“Did something happen with Melty?” Aiden asked.“Well…” Eryn crossed his arms. “You might have noticed this living room is… quite empty.”“Mhmm, I suppose.”“There used to be a couch here.”“Oh, what happened to the couch?”“It was… burnt.”“… Ah.” Aiden’s eyes lit up. The gears slowly snapped in the right places. “An accident?”“I didn’t mean to.” Melty bowed her head. “I got so scared when I didn’t find Eryn anywhere…”“I left the house to do some shopping, and the monstergirls were asleep.” Eryn explained. “When I came back, Melty’s body was covered in flames, and the couch… well, you can guess what happened next.”“Wow.” Amber’s mouth went agape. “That never happened when she was in our care.”“… Really?” Eryn asked. So, it never happened to them…“Interesting.” Aiden said calmly, stroking his chin. “How is she now?”“I’ve taken some measures…” Eryn hummed. “I spend time with Melty to direct her energy towards other things.”“Yeah! We go jogging in the mornings!” Melty grinned.“That is nice to hear.” Aiden smiled. “How about Lofie and Iris? Did you face anything unexpected with them?”“Well, not exactly unexpected…” Eryn chuckled softly, shifting his gaze to Lofie. “Lofie bit my friend’s finger. A funny incident.”“Mhmm, I see.” Aiden nodded, not surprised at all to hear it. In fact, he looked like he expected this.“You haven’t grown out of it, Lofie.” Amber poked her nose. “I hope you apologized sincerely to Eryn’s friend.”“I did, I did.” Lofie puffed her cheeks out.“This isn’t the first time?” Eryn raised a brow, surprised. Huh, has she bitten others in the past?“I think that’s a story the monstergirls can share with you.” Amber winked.“Now, a question to the monstergirls!” Aiden directed his attention to them. “How do you feel about Eryn? Has he been taking care of you well?”“Yeah!” Melty answered first, pumping her fists into the air. “Eryn is the best!”“Eryn makes us feel safe and sound.” Lofie nuzzled into his chest.“Eryn has been so kind and caring to us.” Iris said softly, putting her palm on Eryn’s hand. “We’re so grateful.”“Mhmm…” Eryn’s face rose in heat. Red crept up to his ears. He was growing embarrassed by the monstergirls’ words.“I see.” Aiden expected nothing less. “I take it all of you would like to stay with Eryn?”“Yeah!” Melty bobbed her head in approval. “Because we’re a family now!”“We’ve never found a place I could call home before…” Iris gazed at Eryn. “This is where we want to stay. With Eryn.”“You’re all going to make me cry, you know that?” Eryn sighed. Their words touched his heart. He’s always wanted to give the monstergirls a family, a place they could call home. And that has never changed.“… The monstergirls will be safe with him.” Amber whispered in Aiden’s ear. “You can just see it on their faces.”“Knowing Eryn, he’d do his best to make them happy.” Aiden whispered back. “And he’s already doing so.”“That’s not so surprising to see, isn’t it?” She nudged his shoulder.“Of course.” He gave a soft chuckle. After all, …
  … he’s always had a soft spot for monstergirls.

  