
    Chapter Text
    "Lalu, nice you got out!" Leana said, shuffling through her notes while talking to him over the phone. "So, did you get Virto out?""No, but he said to keep the portal open while I look for him," he responded back, although, he had a bit of a robotic tone to it. "As for me, I am perfectly fine. No scratches and no changes.""Cool cool, say did you hear about the power that went out in his neighborhood? I think it happened last night.""Really?" His eyes widened as he walked around in a circle, occasionally glancing back at the chair. "What happened..friend?""Pfff, you know my name's Leana! Also, basically, a bunch of houses got tripped. Your brother is the one with the smarts in computers though, so I wouldn't know better than him.""Yes, yes he is…" Lao, or what was left of him, was taking in the information that had gone missing, absorbing everything around him and going into his ear like a sponge. "Say, would you like to talk more, Leana? I am feeling bored.""Look at you, mister cool under pressure. Look I would, but I have a test coming up, and Jaylen wants me to go out with Brad so…""That, that is fine." Lao cleared his throat, getting a sudden remembering of how he talked. "I'll….see you later….my n-""Don't, don't finish that sentence. Jeez, is like you've lost your memory or something." She hung up immediately, leaving Lao alone to ponder in the room. "No slurs I see….oh….oh yes no slurs. I must get more of me back," he said, going back upstairs to start his rehabilitation to all things Lao, while the real Lao was who knows where…
Screams of a man flooded the darkness that enveloped him, as he fell endlessly through what felt like where you went when you died. His voice gave out before gravity had even gotten close to slamming him into the ground if there even was one. He had enough time to recollect himself and stare into the ever abyss that had no gift for him.But then something happened. A twinkle in the darkness that dots his view akin to the first star in the night. It got brighter exponentially, Lao was forced to cover his eyes as his endgame gets covered in the blinding glare..."Welcome child…" goes a voice. "I do apologize for the light, but it is important that you keep your faith in the Chief God. Now then, what has brought you to heaven?""Heaven?" Lao starts to uncover his eyes, but small, cool hands force them back over his pupils. "Am I dead?""If you were dead, would I have you lock away your view? A ghastly, pure you would be able to handle the light of our covenant with no issue. You, however, seem how a different soul than usual Kline. It's….more innocent and fresh. Have you up'ed your prayers?""Prayers?" Lao thought back to the last time he had prayed. It was last Sunday he hoped at least…."No, no...kline was your old name. This name, is Lao. A strange fate awaits you Lao…""Can you please tell me where I am!? I mean, respectfully. Sorry for yelling."Even though he couldn't see it, he could feel the glow emanating off her smile. Wait, her? "I would, but even then you will have to have your mind erased. Not that it would need to happen, since it is already being taken away at this moment."She wasn't wrong. He was feeling lighter by the moment, as his brain unpacked everything it had stored inside it like a son after coming back from vacation. He couldn't even remember the name of someone….someone important…."Our time is running short Lao. When you wake up, you may not remember anything in your past, but remember three things. Stay true to your roots, your mission, and the lord that serves above you. That, is the key to your salvation dearest. I bless you with my power, and my angels will watch as your journey unfolds..."
"Unfolds….unfolds!" Lao woke up with a thunk, feeling his head hit something above him. He almost swore, but found no words to swear with besides "holy spirits." It was off like he had intended something else. No matter, it started to hurt his mind to think about it anyways. He started his day as he always started it - with an early morning prayer to the Chief God in front of the window in his attic. She is the provider of his life, after all.After he bathed in the bathwater he prepared the night before. As he looked down, he saw the reflection in his eyes. His blond hair flowed over his white complexion. His eyes were the color of honey, complementing his hair well. He had a few freckles here and there, but none to the point where they were noticeable immediately. As he patted his hair, he got the feeling that something was off, and that his skin tone wasn't what it was meant to be….agh, the headache again!After washing himself, he went down from his attic to greet his parents. His father did the majority of breadmaking with his job at the lumber mill, while his mother took care of him and his sister. Well no more, as Lao was finally of age to join the military ranks of the Order! He had been going with his father to work with him, building his stature to be able to bring down even the most aggressive of mamono. It was paying off, as each day he would wake up with more and more physique until he had surpassed even the most hardworking and burly people that would cut down trees. If it was what he had to do to become a legendary knight, then so be it.Remembering his special day, he started loading up his essentials in a cloth. A pocket watch - a gift from his grandfather. A folded portrait painting of him with his mother and father, and a doll that his sister gave him, so they would always be connected. His mother kissed him, and his father hugged him one last time with all the strength he could muster. By the time the family had eaten breakfast, he was already on his way, ready to cover the journey to the Orderite camp by foot. It would be a grueling run across five entire stretches of farmland, but he was prepared for it. It would be fitting he thought, a start to his ascent up the holy land.He didn't keep himself to a steady jog either. His legs were made before better, full stretches of sprinting until his body had to go down to just a run to get more energy back. He passed carriages, other people walking and working. He waved to them all, looking like a blur as he kicked up a small dust trail behind him. He felt in his element, reaching the grounds of the camp before the sun could reach its highest part of the sky. He saw others milling in and joined the line, being directed to the trainees quarters once in.The first thing he did was collapse on his bed, the redness finally leaving his face as his body calmed down from the running he did. Others got into beds around him, chatting with other inductees, but he was feeling too tired to talk. His head swam with futuristic thoughts, wondering what he would be like in a full suit of armor, standing on top of a pile of purified corpses. His dreams were interrupted by the clanging of a pot at the entrance.With that pot clang, the inductees were immediately thrown into conditioning. There was no welcoming, only training into the future nights of the order. Breaks were short, leaving only spans to catch their breath before a new skill was practiced. Lao pushed through all of them but started running out of steam like the rest of his fellow trainees. It didn't help that his body was starting to cry out at him for running so hard, but he ignored it to the best of his ability. Time seemed to lose its hold throughout the day, the morning lasting the longest while the afternoon flew by like a comet sent by god.While morning left like a child reluctant to leave his mother, the realization of nighttime had hit him like that child running back to her at full speed. Suddenly, everyone was released, and let go to do whatever they wished on the promise of orientation being tomorrow. Lanterns replaced the sky as the light source. The gates closed around the camp to keep any prodding mamono out and guards exchange positions on the post. Everything seemed so efficient, so fast, so orderly, Lao thought as he went back to sleep. His body had become the representation of sore, refusing to move once he had fallen back into the bed. His eyes drifted closed, the sounds of snoring swaying him to sleep.He dreamt of his home, his father staring up to the sky with a proud and tired grin on his face. The one he always did when he saw Lao cutting down a tree with ferocity. "Thanks, dad," he said out loud in his sleep, a hand landing on his hand to ruffle his hair. "Dad, stop that's embarrassing…""Yes, it is embarrassing that you think I'm your daddy~" A voice whispered in his ear. "Don't worry dear, we can fix that right up~""D-dad, you sound weird…s-should I punch you so you can repent?" He said next, snuggling into the small pillow under his head. "Punch me? Why would you punch your future w-" The mystery voice that was over him suddenly caught his fist in her face, sending her falling backward onto the floor with a groan and a thud. Lao suddenly sat up, looking for his assailant, but finding something much worse. Dark elves had somehow gotten into the quarters, most of them subduing the new recruits while a few try to fight small groups of them off. His dark elf was on the ground, clutching her nose as it leaked blood. "D-damn you! I didn't even get to get off from that!~" she said, more dark elves seeing Lao and coming over to take him down. He didn't have time to pack up, but he was at least able to push a bed to buy him escaping time. He dashed out of the quarters, with only his pants on and his shirt.The entire place was being overrun with monsters, running around as even the night guards were being brought down. As he had just gotten here, he had no idea how to get out, besides the gate they entered. He ran to it, praying to the Chief God it was at least open. He wasn't ready yet! He hadn't even received a rank!To his worry, it was closed as tight as it was when the camp was locked down, but a second, more painful option was there. The ladder to the posts was out, and he could use it to scale the wall and jump over. His adrenaline kept him going, grunting as he pulled the ladder up to the wall and started climbing for his purity. He dared a look to his back, seeing mamono closing in on him. Notably, a hellhound, which had darted over with the speed of a cheetah and started scaling up.She had the advantage of not being on her last legs, but Lao had enough height to give himself time. He scaled the ladder and pushed it away, watching the dog fall back down to the ground before hopping the 40-foot drop. Luckily he had just done an exercise from the camp on climbing and knew to roll into the landing to take away stress on his legs. Even still, a sharp pain went through them, as if someone had torn the legs in half. He turned around, seeing no one following behind him. Either the ladder worked, or they had gone after easier prey.He still wasn't safe, however. If there were that many inside, he could only imagine how many were outside. He was fighting with his body to not rest, standing up on weakened knees and dragging himself further away from the site of mass monsterization. He walked and walked under the moon, avoiding the main path and diving into bushes at the drop of a pin. Each time he got up, his legs ached more, and his vision faded. He needed sleep, and he wasn't letting his body get it. The adrenaline was wearing off, and he once again felt the sting in not just his legs. His joints, the hand he used to clock the dark elf, everything was hurting again. Even when going downhill, keeping himself upright was an uphill battle that was getting steeper. He wasn't running on gas anymore, just willpower, and a refusal to allow his body to rest. Even then, that could last long. He took two last looks around him before his legs finally gave out. Nothing on his right, and smoke rising on his left. He chuckled once, his chest hurting as he fell into the bush in front of him. He couldn't feel the thorns scraping his face and chest, only the hands of rest forcing him back into his slumber.
Once he was under, nothing could wake his body up. Thankfully, he survived the night untouched, exactly as he had fallen the night before. He opened his eyes to small dots of light, coming in from above him into the bush where his face was looking. The beams of light beamed down on his neck, pushing him to arise until he rolled out and off of the bush bed onto the ground. Sounds of trees rustling filled his ears as he started up to the foliage above.Everything still hurt, but now the adrenaline was completely out of him. It was terrible, but he had pushed his body way too hard on the first day….groaning at the thought, he shuffled over to a tree to use it to stand himself up. His knees hit the dirt a couple more times before he was able to stand up, using the tree to help support his weight. A thin line of smoke still bloomed in the same direction. There was a chance that location had mamono as well, but it was a chance he had to take.Step by step, he worked his way to the smoke. Smoke meant a bed, other people, somewhere other than a bush to recuperate his sore form. Sleep wouldn't come to him this time, not in the light that was bearing down on him. The smoke didn't seem to be getting closer at all, remaining a sliver in his range of sight as he moved. But he had nowhere else to go now.Finally, the smoke started getting larger, more detailed. He was arriving at his destination, after just one more incline to go up before he can see the structure in all his glory….But of course, it couldn't have been that easy. He knew from the start there should be at least one mamono milling around, and his worries were reinforced. A weight talked him from behind. On a normal day, he would have tanked it, as if an apple had the gaul to bonk him in the back. Today, he was weakened and still in recovery. He went down, collapsing on his front before willing himself on his back under his captor. It was the same dark elf from before, her white straight hair drooping over her as she sat on his belly. Her body looked almost as tired as his, with dried up blood on her nose from his earlier windup. "You know, Queen Headen requires that we get all the men in this camp before they attack us…""You...attacked them first…" Lao said, with a look of resolve on his face. "Oh did we? The only ones that know for sure would be the higher-ups, but let's not concern ourselves with who shot the first arrow, dear~" She took a knife out of her clothing, licking its flat side. "It's not like you are in any condition to argue!"The knife went down on his chest, cutting skin deep before his late reaction stopped it. His arms shook as he held the knife back, the dark elf cackling as he resisted. "Oh, this is wonderful! You think you can get out of this? No one, is coming for you. No one but mee~""I can't lose here!" He fought back with everything he had, but the knife was bearing into him bit after bit. It wasn't painful; painful would have been honorable. It made his chest feel tingly, hotter than the everlasting light in the sky could ever. "Give up alright, the blade is already sinking into your body…" She had a smug grin, assured of victory over her presumed new sub. His mind flashed back to his family at first, the only people he ever wanted to make proud, especially his father. But something else, another source of willpower came to him. The silhouette flashed in his mind for only a split second, but there was something important about it...something he couldn't find out if he was collared up by some, some monster!The knife had broken through the skin, as clear liquid with a white glow was slowly leaking out through the incision. However, it was rising out of his body. The dark elf noticed quickly and started putting more weight and force behind the handle, but her arms were getting pushed back. He had found a new surge to tap into. A new battery of life to use to his fullest potential. He couldn't see it himself, but the dark elf's eyes widened as an aura formed around Lao. It radiated the smell of spirit energy, but it was yellow instead of white. It was pure determination, and it was powering him up like a senzu bean.Like a crashing wave, he turned the tide of the battle, grabbing the blade itself, he pointed it towards the elf's chest instead of his, more spirit energy leaking out of him, more lust building. But it was being snuffed out by resolve and a drive that was tenfold. "S-stop! You can't do this-aaaah!~" The knife had been sunk into her to the hilt. Her face turned red as her own weapon had done damage to her, the silver arousing her with its full potential."P-please….b-before I ah!~" It was dragged across her chest in a slash, her own mana spilling out of her as she fell back onto the ground, limp as her crotch glistened with femcum. The man that had escaped then turned away, refusing to indulge her any longer. "W-wait!" she called out to him. "P-please, give me my knife back! Use me as your own cocksleeve! We both know the effects, you can't leave me like this!~"He paused his walk, just standing there as cool as a cucumber. "The only reason I'm leaving you," Lao said without turning. "Is because this blade wouldn't finish the job.""No, no, so, cruel!…" she whimpered, jilling herself off as she watched her source of reprieve continue on his journey. Lao kept up his imposing walk, until the power that had propelled him up faded, and he went back to leaning against a wall. He looked up, seeing the smoke that he was following being released into the sky. It didn't smell like lust, but food, and beverage. Some poking around found a sign, with two mugs engraved into it. It was a Tavern.He had reached his destination.
  
    Chapter Text
    "Please sir! I'll do everything in the back! Even bring in the raw materials!" Lao said, bowing in front of the store owner. He was a big-bodied strongman with hime-cut mop hair that ended over his eyes, but his uneven awkward grimace on his face portrayed his uncomfortableness all the more. Here was a man, with a cut on him that leaked spirit mana onto the floor, pressing his head into the ground to look for a job and sanctuary. If only to stop the public display, he nodded and lifted him up. "Thank you, sir! I won't disappoint!" Lao said, finding the mop rather fast before beginning to clean up.He spent the day working through his pain, taking frequent breaks before going back inside to continue cleaning off surfaces and kitchen things used. It was a trial learning which was soap and which was oil, but after a short tutorial, he got the hang of it. He worked until he had enough money to pay for a meal, which he ate in one of the booths in the corner.From there, he noticed things about the patrons of the tavern. Each one was decked out in some form or manner. It wasn't emblems from armies either. Mercenaries, bounty hunters, mana wielders, and healers populated the setting. He was the odd one out, still in torn and dirtied pants and a bare, although nice looking chest. He needed clothing.After eating a real meal, he worked until the end of the afternoon rush, taking his satchel of coins to go looking around. He promised his new boss he will be back before the lanterns went on to help with the evening influx of patrons. Keeping the whereabouts of the sun in mind, he went searching around the small town, looking for a place to find new clothes. He found a small shop that sold some small items, but nothing like the armor in the tavern.He came out of it with a near-empty satchel, but now he was looking more of the part. Under the grey work shirt and brown overalls, he found a nice brown cape with a hood and a satchel to store his items. He thought it was cool, until he found a reflection to look into. He realized he just looked like he was on the run, not any mercenary or orderite hero. It would have to do for now.Next on his mind was weapons, but he realized he already had a blade tucked under his old pants. Sure enough, the demon blade fell out of his old pants, still smelling like that elf he slashed earlier in the morning. Yuck. He found a nearby water source to clean it off, then put it in his satchel to keep until he had a proper weapon for an Orderite.At last! He was ready….to at least defend himself. His clothing can still be torn by practically everything, but nothing better could be gotten. The cloak at least added a bit of mystery to him, so he can elude capture. He went back to the tavern to do the night shift, watching as people milled in. He then noticed that a few went to a wall then back, then went to go check himself. He saw a list of bounties all plastered onto the wall, ranging from escort missions to what seemed like suicide runs. Each one carried warnings given by people that had been to the area. Most of them carried labels such as "monsterization" or "better to do when married".He got curious, looking for any that could be a good starting point for him. He found a simple one that even he could do with his limited arsenal-
  A Dhamphir has committed a heinous crime. Reports lead to conclude she is wandering among the forests that surround her hometown. 10G for death with proof, 15G for live capture.

  Warnings - vampire halfling has experience in close-range combat. Will be hard to take down

  Posted by - The Vampire Aristocracy.
"KIll a vampire…" he took the paper, looking over each detail. He had the blade to immobilize her, but if he killed her, he could also gain a rank in the Order. It was a win-win no matter the outcome, well except for if he lost."Don't like that paper fool you," Said a nearby swordswoman that had noticed. "I tried that bounty once, and it turned out to be more of a hassle than it's worth. Although, you look like you don't have anything else to do…""Madam, I must. If I want to get better, I must do it.""Tsk. Your loss, but you will be better off continuing to help out the tavern." She, downing the rest of her beverage before continuing. "She isn't like most vampires like the reward lets on. The V.A. does it in an effort to make their "issue" less of one as it is. How long do you think that paper has been on there?""A few weeks?""No, but I wouldn't expect anyone here to know unless they tried it themselves. It has been there for months newbie. The price hasn't been raised at all!""But why would they…""You will understand if you go. But if you do, know that she won't take you as a husband. She would rather run her blade through your heart." She turned around just like that, going back to conversing with her mates. He remained sure that he would do the mission, however, still reading over…He could only go after hours, as the owner didn't let him flake for a vampire mission. With the extra money, he bought a few more things. Boots to replace his normal footwear, gloves because why not, and a short sword with a holster. He at least now looked more like a bounty hunter, but his clothing still wasn't up to par. The demon's head would have to pay for that, he thought, the crickets filling the night as he followed the instructions to the general location. Tucking the paper in his pocket, he was left on his own from then on. He patrolled around, seeing a few mamono milling around as well. Luckily, they mostly looked unconcerned with him, or never noticed.He happened upon a small cottage, which looked built by hand and hand only. It was a log cabin, sized for only a few rooms and no roof. Somewhere a vampire could be residing. He went up to the window, which was just an opening with crisscrossing twigs stuck inside. He saw two people sleeping in there, unable to discern them in the darkness. This must have not been it, but they might have information.He knocked on the door, waiting for someone to come to the door. His boot tapped the wooden floor under him, stopping once the door popped open. A smaller woman had opened it, in a brown vest and beige leggings with darker color string crisscrossing them. She rubbed her eyes and yawned two fangs showing in the moonlight as she did. "You look new," she said in a tired voice. "And...strong? Did you come for the bounty?""Yes, I was looking for a half-vampire," Lao said, his eyes locked on the fangs. Realizing his hand went for his dagger, only to be pierced by the thin blade of a rapier. "What the!" He traced the pincerpoint blade back to the girl's hand, who was still rubbing her eyes to wake herself up. "I would advise you to leave, or else I will have to dispose of you once I get this stuff out of my eyes…"He tried moving his hand, but the blade had threaded his skin like a needle. It only pulled out once his arm stopped trying to move, the end coated in his blood that she licked up. "Mmm, you're an ehh," she said, walking inside to put on some more clothing. He foolishly followed behind her, held at rapier point while he waited for an opportunity. The candlelight went on, revealing the other person that she had been sleeping with. It was an elderly man, frail but sleeping peacefully. "I would rather fight outside newbie, for if you disturb my father, you will have a fate worse than death.""Who are you?" He asked quietly, the halfling smirking as she put on a suit that laid folded on a crate. "Your killer, obviously. I can grant you a peaceful death outside, and you can go meet your Chief God early." She daunted a wide-brimmed hat that had one red feather laid on it. "As thanks, I'll add your blood to my hat. Now then, are you ready to die?""Unlikely," he said, drawing his sword. "Didn't I say not to do that?" the halfling said, raising her rapier. "I don't listen to monster's wishes.""Have you ever thought for a second that you're the one that is coming to kill?""A monster has no merit placing blame.""Fine, but don't go running away from this!" instead of attacking him, she went into a sprint and tackled Lao out back through the front door, taking them both outside into the woods. They both landed with a thud, both getting up with their respective weapons in hand to clash. His copper shortsword slid across the silver rapier, forcing him to the side while the halfling charged passed. She started to circle around, Lao doing the same as he held his sword up with both his hands."Out of the many people that have tried to assassinate me, you are the only one idiotic or poor enough to use copper!" She claimed. "It's enough to mortally wound a halfling!" Lao yelled back, drawing his blade back and rushing forward to strike her. She read his arc from a mile away, jumping up over his swing to slash his shoulder. She landed behind him, kicking him from the back to send him to the ground. He clutched his shoulder, falling to his knees while his face contorted in pain."Hmph, not even skilled with the blade you hold. If I didn't know any better, I would think you had just bought that," she said, watching him stagger back up, blood coating the hand over his shoulder. "You still want to fight? Fine then, just means more fun!" She went back in, playing with Lao as she fenced her blade around him. Bloody scratch after bloody scratch fell onto his body as he dodged for his life. "Your reflexes are respectable, but you're still going to fall!"He was being pushed back deeper into the woods. He dropped his sword in the midst of the never-ending barrage. His backing up turned into running, she gave chase, laughing maniacally as she swiped at him. "I thought you weren't going to run!""It is a strategic retreat!" he yelled, ducking a jab of her rapier. He went around trees and hopped over pushes, but she was just as adept and agile as him, if not more. At the very least, running like this gave him time to think, to come up with an idea to capture her.After a bit more weaving, he got it. He waited for a gap between trees and started sprinting away from her. "Hey! Come back here!" She attempted to keep up, but could only push herself a bit faster while Lao widened the gap. He suddenly hooked his arm around a thin enough tree, winding around it while she passed by. By the time she realized he had ended up behind her, taking out his knife and stabbing it her back.It's over! He thought, as he tackled her for insurance, they slid along the ground, the halfling eating it as the dirt slowed them, and a tree stopped them in entirety. She fainted from the impact with the trunk, falling limb in Lao's arms."Finally," he said, sitting up while the dhampir laid beside him. A small bump had formed on her head. He wasn't sore this time, just a bit out of wind. He unfolded the paper he had put in his pocket, the pants compartment since ruined after the rapier had poked holes in everything but his gloves and boots. "When subdued, a group of vampires will show up at the tavern to collect the bounty. Do not ask questions." He nodded, starting to walk back the way they came. He looked around, trying to figure out where they ran….he couldn't.Uh oh."Maybe it's this way…" he said, holding the halfling vampire in a fireman's carry. He refused to be lost when he had already gotten so far. He looked around for any signs of running or slashing, but his search led to nothing of use. He was getting worried, since the vampire could wake up at any moment bite him, and also because even if he got the money, the tavern was closed, so he would have nothing to help him get back home.He heard talking and chatting in the distance, echoing through the trees. Following the noise, he found humans, sitting around a campfire. They all had scars on their limbs and had emblems that he recognized. "Survivors," he said under her breath as he stepped through the bushes. They all jumped as if they had seen a ghost, drawing blades all pointed toward the vampire on his shoulders. "Heresy!" one shouted out."Don't worry, I've subdued her," Lao said, setting her down in front of the fire. "I'm going to sell her for a bounty, but I do not know where the tavern is anymore.""Sell her!? We must kill her here!" The same person said. "We cannot just sell her!""She will be executed, just not by us. And I will make more if I give her back to the vampires. Isn't that enough?""Why are you dealing with monsters?" They asked him. "You can't give her back!""It is either that, or continuing my rise as an orderite with a demon weapon!" Lao pulled out a blade from her back, showing the blade in its entirety. "I used this to get away from the camp without being turned into monster food. I used this to subdue the vampire before you! I don't want to use this no longer, to beat a demon with demon tech!""I-I don't understand, but-""You don't understand!? Don't you know I must do this the right way!?" Lao said, throwing the knife away in anger. A sharp squeal turned everyone's head, to one of the men sitting around the fire. The dagger had impaled him hard, the man falling over as his spirit energy was leaking out and replaced with arousal. None of them saw, but it caused the unconscious halfling's nose to start twitching at the scent."You fool! Because of you he could be tainted!""Dear god I'm sorry!" Lao recognized his mistake, but the group had already pointed their weapons toward his head. "Sorry? What if this was all an elaborate scheme!?""Why would I accidentally through it on him on purpose!?" He found no logic in that, but the group wasn't hearing it, they advanced on the two. Surrounded without a weapon, Lao started reaching for the rapier at her waist, but her hand grabbed his. A sharp pain went through him as she bit down on his wrist, the pain slowly fading away after the initial bite."So it was a scheme!" said the closest one to him, bring down his sword over his head. The vampire blocked with her rapier, without even lifting her fangs from his wrist. "Hop on mah back," she said, her words muffled from biting into him as she jumped off to parry then counter another swing. He didn't understand what she meant by getting on her until her vision started to swim. "The blood..." Lao uttered, before collapsing against Melisa. "You monster!" One of the group said as they charged forward. She scoffed and secured Lao on her back, keeping his wrist in her mouth. Even with another weight on her, she was easily faster than before, fueled by the fresh blood going in her system. One by one they fell, except one. He was knocked down against a log, looking up at the Dhamphir as she winced from the pain in his back."How could you have helped her?" he started, looking for somewhere to strike that she couldn't parry. "I could have taught you how to be a proper orderite…""A proper orderite?" she question, finally letting go of his wrist. "You were going to kill me when he was already attempting to. He bested me, and you were going to take that away from him over some religious bullshit." Her body started to grow from the shorter stature she had before. Her clothes changed, and her assets grew bigger, and the aura around her grew tenfold. Her body blocked the light of the fire, leaving only the red glow in her eyes to shine at him. "If that is what a proper orderite is supposed to be, then you're lower than this misguide human.""H-heresy, heresy I say!" He went for her legs with a manly yell, only to get pierced through the heart before his hand could even start to swing. He fell back down against the log, dying in a slow, silent agony as he watched as the Vampire carried Lao away into the woods. "Wake up human," the Vampire said. She had been shaking him for minutes now. She made sure to cover all of his cuts, but despite it, he had lost quite a bit of blood. Laid down beside the older man, all he did was breathe and sleep."Fine then, I didn't want it to come to this, but I have no choice." She started rolling up one of her sleeves, slowly getting closer to pushing it beyond his shoulder…Her head got hit with a bonk as Lao headbutted himself awake, panicking as he rolled back down his sleeves. "In God's name don't do that mother! Mother why is your hair is golden, and you look y- oh it's you.""Fucking-" she rubbed her head, stumbling back onto the floor. "So the rumors are true. You do keep your shoulders concealed.""I thought you were going to kill me," Lao said. "Where is my sword?""Gone, and so is the blade in case you try to stab me again. Are you going to be docile this time?""I still have to take you to the tavern, especially since they think that I have actually subdued you now.""Are you going to give up?" She watched as he got up, raising to fists and shaking his head. She couldn't help but laugh, covering her mouth as she chuckled at the human in front of him. "I sucked a large chunk of your blood, stripped you of your weapons and you still wish to fight?""You said you weren't going to let me live.""I did, didn't I?" She said. "That was before. I think I have a solution that works out for both of us….""So you have killed her?" The group of vampires asked Lao. He held up a bloody arm and nodded, also holding her rapier. They inspected it as if bringing her dismembered arm isn't enough evidence to prove he had done it. They nodded to each other before giving Lao a black and red box, then leaving the front of the tavern. Confused, he went inside into the back, opening up the freezer, where the halfling was there, smiling and missing an arm. "Doesn't that hurt?" he asked. She shrugged and opened the box, seeing gold coins stacked on gold coins to the brim. "I thought the reward was only 10 gold!"A 'told ya' rang from the front, followed by everyone laughing before it died down to the usual chatter. "You're such a newbie at this aren't you? Well, thank you for giving me my arm back. As a reward, you will have the honor of knowing my name?""A monster doesn't have honor. Only disillusion.""Yeah, we are also going to get rid of what you think is your holy Order." She said, reconnecting her arm to her body. She grew smaller in the process, using up all the blood she absorbed to heal herself together. "I  frankly wouldn't care, but that is going to get so annoying.""I am still not going to marry you.""I wouldn't marry you either. Instead…" she holds out a rapier for Lao to hold. "I will be your mentor. You are basically an outlaw now, and if you try to go back, you will be murdered on the spot.""A fitting end for all that has happened today.""N-no! How brainwashed are you?" She said cringing. "Just call me Melisa. It seems I can't let you go either, not with that good old blood of yours running around in me. You will be living with my father." She finishes up with her arm, watching any sign of separation sear and steam off. Lao thought back to the older man sleeping peacefully, realizing that was her dad. "Wait, does that mean....you evil-""I am not screwing my father. Even we monsters have standards. In fact, that is the first lesson you have learned today. I'll see you at sunrise for your next," she said, leaving through the back of the tavern.
  
    Chapter Text
    Lao locked up the Tavern, putting the owner's keys in his pocket as he left the place. The patrons lasted until late into the night this time, more than the owner bothered to stay for. Thus, he gave the keys to Lao, told him not to destroy the place, and left him to manage the tavern. As he exited, he took a look at the wall of bounties. Melisa's bounty was gone now that she was presumed dead, but his had gone up, along with an orderite price on his head for his arrest. Luckily, the regulars of the Tavern seemed pretty understanding of his situation. Some were figuring out a way to loophole the reward, but for now, no one in the tavern laid a hand on him. Plus it was an orderite bounty. Apparently, orderite bounties rarely paid enough to be worth it, or don't pay at all and promise "a foot into the Chief God's arms".It was weird, but not as weird as seeing humans and mamono co-existing without any hostility. It was another thing he noticed now that he had the time and clarity to think about it. Occasionally, a monster girl will come in, and Lao would have to repress the urge to stab her on sight. The first time it happened, his strongman of a boss held him back while he swung a butcher's knife at a lizardman. No one got hurt, but Lao still gets that feeling whenever he sees mamono. It had been instilled in him by the Chief God's teachers, that the only way of purity was through death and repent. All of a sudden, he had everyone telling him that it was backward to think like that…Lost in his thoughts, Lao ran into a little succubus girl that had wandered off. She dropped her ball, rubbing her feet as she watched it roll at where he stood. "Charlie!" Yelled another succubus, still ways off. "You scrap, what if you run into someone dangerous?""I'm fine!" she yelled back, going up to Lao to pick up her ball. "Sorry mister, hey, mister do you wanna play with me?" She asked with all the innocence in the world. Lao looked away, folding his hands behind his back. "Mister?" she asked again, poking his thigh. So corrupted… he thought, the touch making his thigh tingle. He felt his hand near his satchel, wanting to clutch a weapon so badly….
  No, the boss said to repeat a mantra….
"She is...not dangerous." The words rolled off his tongue like sandpaper. It physically hurt his body to say, every conditioned fiber of his being screaming out in rebellion. Nevertheless, it was working. His hand was relaxing, going back to his side as he kept repeating it under his breath. To the child, it looked like he was just standing there, menacingly. "There you are Charlie! Oh, you're are that man that attacked the lizardman." The elder sister said, picking up her little sister. "I understand, it's hard to resist right?"Lao couldn't hear her, still lost in reciting his mantra like it was the only prayer he knew. There were two of him now, but his self-control was going to be the victor here, not his thirst for exorcising! "I see...come on Charlie, this man is just going through a tough fight…""Is he going to do a spell?" She said, curious about what Lao was doing. "Yes, but he will only show you if you're inside…"They continued talking to each other, the succubus leaving Lao until they were far enough not to bother him. He gasped and fell to the floor, feeling like he had been holding in his breath for the entire time. He caught himself on the ground, watching the moonlight rise over him. It wasn't perfect, but at least he kept himself from attacking this time."Come on faster!" Melisa yelled from her place on the steps. Lao nodded, drawing his new blade and swiping it in a quicker arc. "Haaa!""No no no, that is all wrong!" She cried, coming over and forcing the blade back down. "If you swing it like that you have too much room to be hit!""You said faster!""Yes, but not wider." She drew her own rapier, slashing quickly but in a thin arc. "Like this. I spent money on that iron sword for you. Even made sure that it wasn't tainted, just so I didn't have to hear an Orderite throw a fit. But now you're making me regret it!""I'm not going to throw a fit! Besides, you were going to kill me!""That is beside the point! Just swing properly!" Lao turned away, but nodded, narrowing the arc of his swing. "Yes, yes finally progress. Now faster!" It was all she said for the next hour, doing nothing but watching Lao swing his iron short sword in front of him. It didn't take long for her to get irritating at the novice, standing behind him to adjust his posture every other swing. She reprimanded him with bonks on the head and threatening various actions, but he was improving rapidly. Finally, he took one swing, unsheathing his sword and whisking it out in front of him in one fluid motion. He could almost see the blur, and hear it slice through the air."Stop!" She said right after. "You're ready.""What?" He sheathed his blade in confusion. "But I've only been at it for less than a day.""That is good enough. It's time to take you on your first bounty hunt." She placed a hand on his shoulder, smiling at him with a fangy grin. "Trust me, this is all you will need.""...What!?""Can't you jump onto the trees?" Melisa said from her perch. "The moonlight is burning away!" She watched as Lao slowly scaled up the tree, using his cape as a string to hold onto. Like a lumberjack with a belt, he shuffled up until he had finally got up the tree, laying his back on the thick branch Melisa also sat on. "There is no way you're tired after just one tree!""Why...are we up here…." he said, catching his breath. "Why do you think? We are going to travel through the trees.""Can't we run along the ground?""We could, but this is your next lesson." She tapped the bark with her hand. "Running is fine, but you can easily be surrounded and cut off. If done right, it is harder to trap someone leaping from tree to tree. Especially if they can deflect projectiles." She stood up, looking around for the easiest one to jump on. "Try to follow me," she said, effortlessly leaping onto a close branch. Lao nodded, taking a few breaths to steel himself before leaping after him. He made it but botched the landing. Melisa had to catch him by the collar before he fell off. "That was terrible."She stabilized him then leaped to another tree, turning around and waiting for Lao to follow again. Then again, then again, tapping her foot as Lao frantically tried to balance himself after landing. She looked up to the moon, sighing as it moved slowly through the sky. He thankfully got faster, leaping, then waiting one second before leaping again. It would do for now, but they were still too slow, she thought to herself. Their slow progress to her destination built up with time, until Melisa - instead of leaping to another tree - dropped back down onto the ground. Lao landed beside her, rolling to keep his legs from breaking."We're here," she said, crouching down and advancing. Her hand fell on the handle of her rapier as she moved forward. "Your next lesson is in stealth. Now quickly, take off your boots.""Why?" He whispered, a body length behind Melisa. He put his hand on the handle of his shortsword. "They are too loud. I can hear them from a mile away, and the guards from this castle will notice as well.""Guards?" Lao said, Melisa suddenly disappearing through the bush. Determined not to lose her, he ran after him, his heart dropping once he passed the foliage blocking his view. They had reached an ominous castle, surrounded by a moat of what looked like corrupted waters and two-story walls. It smelled like lust and felt like it too against his skin, to the point where he thought he was breaking into one of the Demon Lord's strongholds. He wanted to ask questions, but the Dhampir in front of him wasn't stopping at all, nor slowing down. Her crotch had broken out into a full-blown dash, running at the moat like a carriage without brakes. She jumped and then he, Melisa easily clearing the river while Lao just barely avoided slipping into corruption.Her body started growing to her larger vampiric form, stretching the shirt and pants she wore as she got more supple. Once she had fully grown to full power. She stopped in front of the wall, peering up to its height. "Can you jump this Lao?" She asked. "Yes, because I can totally jump up the height of a tower." She bapped his head for the sarcasm and lifted him up, leaping up to above the stacked cobblestone. They had gone high enough to see above the trees and peer into what the walls kept hidden. A small town of merchants and artisans resided inside the walls, going along their day without noticing them in the cover of night. She quickly pointed to a small window, looking like a dot in the distance. It was located near the middle of the castle, among a bunch of other things. "You see that window?" Melisa said as they reached the apex of their jump. "I am going to throw you now. If you die I will revive you!""What!?" Lao had no time to react as Melisa lined up her shot, grunting as she threw Lao higher up. He screamed as he flew through the air, clearing the houses below and the smaller fence that restricted entry into the royal grounds. Her aim was true, but now he was on a beeline towards the window!He racked his mind for a solution, but all that came was more panic. What could he do possibly! The only thing he had on and was a dagger and…..He looked down at his waist, his blade still sheathed neatly away. It is all you will need, he recalled her saying. "If you're right…" he started, placing his hand on the blade, "then I might as well try!" He got into the best stance he could with no ground, now moving towards the window in the worse way to absorb the impact possible. He waited and waited, his heart racing as he watched the window get closer to him until he was almost right on top of it. "Now!" He drew, doing his best to recreate the best slash he had all day. A wide arc, but instead of brute force, it had more skill behind it. He heard the contact of the sword with glass and stone but didn't feel anything stopping his iron's progress. The blade was cutting clean through until he had finished his slashing motion.He still crashed through, but his cut made it so that the cobblestone could crumble around him. In his stance, his shoulder was the first to get hit, pain shocking his arm as he fell through in a mess of his body and rubble. He rolled off it once he had landed, groaning and putting his sword away. Sitting up, he surveyed his new surroundings. He had landed in what looked like a dining hall, a large and empty room with everything in storage. Only low ambient lamps lit up the. He could hear footsteps coming, however, picking himself up with a blade in hand, ready to defend himself from monsterization.In came a knight in full armor, his face and skin all concealed by shiny grey metal, and a red cape fluttering behind him. He had no weapon, but his pose made him all the more threatening, Lao suddenly feeling underdressed for the occasion. He backed up, seeking time to look for an exit before he was subdued by the knight in armor. "Halt, you didn't get permission to come into King Geo's castle," the knight said, walking forward to match Lao's pace. "There is no need to run either, we can just ensure you are checked in to get into grounds…""I rather not side with someone that is corrupted." He kept backing up, going in a circle with the knight like a child around the couch. His shoulder had a dull distracting ache, but he did his best to conceal it. "What are you under, are you one of the incubi?""No, unfortunately," he responded matter-of-factly. "What about you, young sir? You look ragged.""My business isn't of concern to you." Lao took another look at the door. He had a clear lane to run now, instead of being blocked by the knight. He started running, only to be tripped and fell to the ground. "You thought I wouldn't notice that?" he said, going to the front of him and kneeling. "You were pretty fast, but you're not going to get away." Lao grit his teeth, clambering up to his feet and pointing his blade at him."Let me guess, you think that since I am unarmed, you have more of a chance?" He said, holding his hands out as if he was inviting him to strike. "Come on then, take your shot!"Lao indeed went for a strike, using what he learned to quickly bring his blade to the knight's neck. It's going to hit! He thought, thinking it was impossible for him to dodge cleanly out the way….until he sidestepped cleanly out the way."That was fast!" The knight side, checking himself. "You were just a bit too slow. That time. Come on again!" Lao started his barrage again, swiping like he didn't have a sore joint on him. The knight just kept doging, clearly a class above Lao as he anticipated every one of his attacks. The closest he got was one that was a line drift ded towards the center of his chest. The knight was already in motion going one way. It was inevitable!Sure enough, he wasn't able to dodge, but the knight stuck his hand out, metal grabbing iron as he simply stopped the path of the blade. Lao tried digging into the palm of his hand, but the armor wouldn't give an inch. "Faster. You must have been trained by a real master of the blade to use my movement like that. Or just real lucky." Quicker than Lao could react, he was struck in the gut by the same hand, getting hit back onto the ground. "Now then, if you could just work with me, we can get you all settled in. Maybe you will find someone faster than I did!" The knight sounded unusually cheerful for someone that was apprehending a trespasser.As Lao struggled to overpower him, Melisa finally crashed in, breaking in a new hole in the wall instead of just cleaning landing through the first one he had already made. "Oh?" The knight looked at the vampire coughing dust and rubble while she stepped through, unfazed aside from the dust she kicked up. "Interesting, did you finally get a partner Melisa?"He knows him? Lao looked at the two, switching his view from the knight to Melisa and back repeatedly. "You know you are always welcome, I do not see the point in-""I'm not joining the" cough. Still in the middle of clearing out her throat, she held up her finger for a moment of patience before it cleared. "As I was saying before you interrupted me, I'm not joining your little pseudo Order." Order? If Lao had elf or fox ears, they would be standing ridged and attentive. If he recalled correctly, he was sure he felt the presence of corruption. Why would there be an orderite here?"Still keen on fighting me? Even when you have full permission to roam about Geo's castle?" He put Lao down, walking over to the hostile vampire. "So, what new move do you wish to try out on me today?""Nothing, I just came to g- No Wait! Why should you know what I am here to do! G-get away!" She stabbed him herself, her rapier easily breaking through the plating on his arm, and coming out the other end. A very slow trickle of blood leaked down it. "Well would you look at that, you impaled me again." Now sure Melisa wouldn't leave her rapier behind in his arm, his free hand went for a pat on her golden hair. The vampire's other hand went for his, gripping into his wrist as she blocked the show of affection. "Don't. You. Dare Addianas.""Ah, how many times do I have to tell you?" Melisa's eyes widened as his other hand - the one that had been pierced by her blade, and was still bleeding - landed on her hair. His protected fingers slid down the back of her head, running along her golden locks. "You can just call me Add." Her brow furrowed as she looked down in defeat, Lao watching in complete confusion as he continued to pat and play with her ears. "So you were keeping up appearances for him, right? Scared he might try it himself?""If he did that he would die…" Melisa begrudgingly yanked the blade out of his arm. The metal plates peeling back like a banana peel as she withdrew her rapier from him, blood still dripping out onto the floor from both ends of the puncture. "Now that you have settled down, do you mind doing your bit on my wound? I can't get you your food for the week if I'm losing blood.""Thank you, come again!" The knight waved Melisa and Lao off, sending each one home with a sack of produce. Melisa walked in silence as they exited, Lao wanting to ask her about this New Order. He decided to wait until she was finished stewing, watching the sun rise above the treeline as they traveled back. "Don't vampires burn up in the sun?" He piped up."I do not care." Her skin started to sizzle as they walked, but she didn't speed up her pace on the ground. "You're thinking about that place, right?""Well yes, I…." Lao trailed off, seeing her mouth turn into a grimace. "What? I thought you hated corruption as much as you hated me.""I have spent more time with you training me, so I've gotten used to you.""Good, because I don't want you going near that place. It's stupid, and it has no need for someone like you.""What is that supposed to mean?" Lao said, stopping in place. Melisa keeping on walking until she realized he wasn't going to budge. "It means you shouldn't go there. New Order or whatever their name might be, you will hate it.""How do you know I'll hate it?""Because," she turned her head, having a smug look on her face. "The head of the New Order is an Omnibus. The top ranks are filled with mamono and incubi. Your chances of staying a human are one in many. I would tell your zero, but we came across one of the few humans earlier. Why, aren't you disgusted yet?""I...think I would be. If I knew what an omnibus was." Lao understood her, but he had spent enough time pushing down his instinct to not turn his head at anything resembling a moan. His hand still closed around his blade handle, but beyond that, he didn't feel the need for anything if the danger wasn't immediate. "Trust me, you wouldn't want to know. But, the New Order is just a facade. End of story, now let's go…" Like that, they continued on back to her home. Lao however, wasn't satisfied. He thought back to the knight from before, toying with him without a sense of danger going around his head.If that was a human, he had to go talk to him.
  
    Chapter Text
    "Now that you have the basics down, it is time for you to get accurate from a distance," Melisa said, pointing at a tree. "You sometimes will need to throw your weapon if you cannot when up close." She throws her own without looking, the rapier piercing the tree perfectly. "Fu fu fu, don't be upset if you can't get it the first time. It is a skill that must be practiced.""This is merely ax-throwing but with a sword." Lao lined up his shot, throwing the sword hard into the spot above the rapier. It sent chunks of bark flying to the floor as the blade slide into the tree like a card. "That, I can do.""Lucky shot. Let's keep going." They both went and got their weapons, backing up to beside the house and then tossing. They both landed back in their spots, the shortsword sending more bits of bark falling as it cut deeper. Determined to prove Lao's skill as imperfect, the vampire kept demanding that they continue, until they were throwing from on top of a tree branch across the clearing. Melisa closed one eye, judging her aim before tossing it straight in the air. She watched it fall down gloriously, spinning until it landed blade first in the dirt. "Damn! I might have actually lost to you Lao…." she turned to him, waiting for him to take his throw before she conceded. She saw him thinking to himself, turned around while staring into his hand. "Did you hear me? I'm saying you won, idiot…" he slowly turned around, his eyes unable to look Melisa in the eye."What? You have been training long enough for the moon to disappear in the night. Haven't you? You've bested me, your teacher, a monster girl. Isn't that satisfactory?""It's not that….Melisa, I have been thinking about the New Order…." she watched her expression change, going dark as she turned from him. "What if I joined? And you too. Your father…""My father is fine Lao. You know that. He just rests a lot." She sits on the roof, staring at the front while Lao gazed off to the back. "Why should either of us join? I'm still an outlaw, and you hate anything that's not the Order.""About that...I think I can handle being around a few monster girls.""What if they come up to you?" Lao went silent, unsure if he would attack or not. "See? You don't even trust yourself if a succubus hugs you. What if I hugged you? Will you attack me?""No, I am used to you." He got up from his spot, scaling down the roof. "Lao! Get back here!""No, I am ready to go now. If not, I can always talk to that human.""That is even worse! You wouldn't survive there! You'll turn into an incubus! You will be lonely! You will-""Why are you so adamant about me staying then?" He snapped. "I don't even know the reason why you kept me here! All I have been told was that you will kill me if I didn't let you train me!" In an act of frustration, he unsheathed his sword, stabbing in the ground and holding his arms open. "Just kill me then! Do it if it's a better fate than going over there!""Well.....I will!" She jumped down to him, going over to get her weapon, then coming back to point her rapier at his throat. "I'll spill your blood, right on these grounds! Right now…Last chance.""No." He closed his eyes, waiting for the rapier pressing on the blood vessels in his neck. Melisa pushed in, but there was an invisible wall stopping her from piercing his skin. Her arm flexed as she kept pushing, but deep down, she knew if she killed him, it would just be her and her father alone again. Swallowing her pride, she did the only sensible thing to do - stabbing Lao in the leg instead. She turned an ear to his scream as he fell to the ground, clutching his calf as blood pooled on his hands. "Idiot! You thought I would stand down right? That I would roll over like a kobold?" She stepped on Lao's chest, placing her rapier back at his chest. "Don't mistake this for love! I already have two people I love, and I don't need you intruding! I just like you being around….""In Chief God's name...my leg…." Lao was too busy losing blood pressure to listen to her manifesto, his vision starting to fade in and out."You stood your ground, and you have gotten better. So, I am letting you go to the New Order. I am following you of my own will, not yours. Father will be cared for on my discretions, not your fantasies. Now get up human. Oh, that's right, you can't morsel!" For good measure, she did the same to the other leg, getting another scream out of him before he went back to falling unconscious. "Ah….that's better." With the order of power restored, she threw Lao on her back, carrying the dying man inside. "Father," she said in a softer quieter voice. "Wake up, we are taking a bit of a trip…""We are almost there father," Melisa said, holding her father's hand while they checked in at the gates. As Melisa had snuck in numerous times before, she was already on the roster of travelers that passed through, courtesy of the human knight. "Where are we dear? This looks like your mother's village…" the father asked, holding on to Melisa's arm a bit tighter."No need to worry father, they can't hurt us anymore, much less here…" she walked him through the main walkway, walking through the next gate that led to the garden. Here, multiple maids went around tending to the demon realm plants that lived here. "You see? Besides the guard, there are many other mamono here that tend to the place. We will be safe…""Hello, Queen Melisa." A Cu Sith maid came up to her, bowing. "Queen? When did you become a queen sweetie?" Her father confusingly looked at her. "I may have exaggerated my skills…and status.""Master Geo has been expecting you. Is this your father? We can get him nice and comfy in his new room." Before he could object he was whisked away, promised to see Melisa again before disappearing around the corner."Now then, time to tend to business…" Melisa continued walking, having carried a bloody human for the entire duration. The stairs were too long for her, so she decided to jump from level to level, parkouring up the spiral staircase until she had reached the very top of the floor. It was a circular layout with a hole in the middle for where someone could come up the stairs, with red velvet carpeting perfectly laid out everywhere. A flaming orange-colored path led to a throne, where a smug succubus sat, her arm resting on the rest as her fist went up to support her grinning head. Her wings were larger than a horse carriage, idly flapping fully spanned out. Her black dress did little to reveal the bulge that she had underneath, and stopped above her thigh-high socks."Ugh, red…what is this a torture chamber?" Melisa asked, disgusted by the entire room."Is it not to your liking? I heard you painted the trees with your victim's blood." The omnibus put one leg over the other, seeming bored. "If that is true and not hyperbole.""No, I lied about some things. I only came here because this one right here," she said, carrying Lao in front of the throne. "...wanted to join your ranks. And if I'm being honest, I need something else to do than to take care of my father.""Like Add?""Shut your lips Geo. Now can you heal him with your cock or something? He has been bleeding the entire way here.""Of course~" Geo held out her arms, Melisa tossing Lao to the omnibus sitting on the throne. "A simple spell will have him stable in no time. I presume you are going to go check on your father now?""No shit. What room are he and Addious in?""The 3rd floor should fancy your interest, but Add is quite busy with his husband at the mo-" Before she could warn her, Melisa had disappeared down the stairs, her cape flowing behind her. "Such an impatient person. Now then Lao, where exactly are you bleeding…." Her eyes scanned his body until he saw the patch of bloodstains on his leg sleeves. She used her sharp nails to tear through the fabric of his pants, seeing the holes Melisa's rapier made in his leg. "For fuck's sake…" She put her palms against his skin, white mana flowing from her. The skin started to rapidly close, the wound healing until what was left was only the blood that caked the outside of his legs. His breathing became audible once again, and his eyes opened. "Wake up Lao, your legs are healed…""This….is heresy." He promptly got out of her hold, his hand searching for a blade handle that wasn't there. "Your sword is under my lap, I didn't want to have to deal with a hole in my chest today. Now then, are we going to fight?" She had a disapproving look on her face, not wanting to harm him. He stood still in his defensive stance, his mind tumbling over itself to decide whether or not she was a threat to him. He felt no corruption in his body, but the wings that dwarfed even the largest knight's body. "Are you the omnibus?" he asked, keeping his gaze locked on her."Yes. I have both parts, and can alter my sex as I wish." Her body started morphing, her hips and chest equalizing out. her legs and arms grew, showing more muscle than before in her feminine form. "Now, I am a man, albeit a man in a dress. You don't mind a bit of incidental crossdressing do you? The amount of power to change clothing with my body is surprisingly astonishing.""What is the New Order?""Getting right to the thick of it I see. Fine, but…" An immense pressure fell on Lao's back as he was forced down, different forces pushing against his will until he was sitting with his legs crossed. "What did you do!?""Watching your stance makes me think you are planning something, so now you're sitting." He got up and hopped down in front of Lao, his wings folding as he took the same position right in front of him. "Now then, long ago I was just another powerful incubi, but I didn't want an endless parade of sex as my peers. I wanted peace and community….along with sex.""That does not clear anything up." Lao's arm flexed as he tried to move himself but to no avail."Please don't resist, you have my word I won't do anything. Resuming my story, I tested my idea by trying to go through the traditional methods of getting a wife. Going to the parents, and asking for consent. Needless to say, I….ended up having to corrupt the village to escape." Lao's eyes narrowed at him, his trust lowering. "I know, and I still regret it as well. There is nothing like being genuinely loved by a human with no lust influencing. I still miss her smile..." a tear welled up in his eye, but he quickly wiped it away."I decided that I must do something so that others wouldn't have to suffer on either side of my fate. So, I created a legion that promotes communication, rather than colonialism.""But that is what the Demon Lord says as well.""It is. You have no idea how stubborn the Chief God's followers are, however. When was the last time you have given a monster the chance to make her case?""I….." Now it was the omnibus' judge, his lively eyes staring at Lao. "Have you or anyone around you thought to give a monster a chance? I will not sit here and advocate for everyone, but surely there must be some that won't harm you and take you as an unwilling wife." Lao shook his head, his only run-in with mamono being the elves that had tried to kidnap him."So you've had a negative experience...what about Melisa? Has she done anything to….alright, besides her brute violent nature, has she been negative?""Well...no, she took the time to train me out of spite...respect?"Geo smiled at him. "Well then that would be one, right? Just as there are good and bad humans, there are varying mamono. Some fit your Order's view, but you would find most tend to act as if they were monster girls at all."It didn't sound right to Lao to think of them in that light, but any argument he tried to form against it all led back to his religion's teachings."What if I told you I had a middle ground, where everyone is good and bad and nobody is different? Humans are punished for the same acts as Monsters, and Monsters are praised for the same advancements as Humans? Where it is possible to gather people from either side, without causing a skirmish?" The omnibus placed a hand on his shoulder, his nails grazing his skin. "If you join our group, I prove it to you, once and for all. No collusion, no magic. No one has to be hurt or killed.""...I need to talk to Melisa about this," he blurted out. If he wasn't held down by Geo's power, he would have shrugged off the shoulder that firmly held him. It was like his mother telling him that they aren't mad after he broke a chair in the middle of using it for dips. He knew the omnibus meant it, but his soul still wanted to run off into the woods until the danger was gone. "Of course, all the time you need. If you end up unconvinced, you are free to leave. However, I am glad you wanted to find out for yourself either way." Geo got up and went back to his throne, the pressure on Lao's body finally relinquishing. He could breathe freely again, jumping up to make sure nothing about him has changed. "Feel free to see yourself out, and to come back if you are looking for more guidance."Lao's steps were the only thing he heard after he left the range of the omnibus, going down the spiral steps to look for the third floor. The stairs were open near the very top, allowing him to see the entire interior of the massive structure. It was impeccable, tinted color windows depicting acts of bonding much like the ones in his church would show the Chief God. Winged mamono would go around, keeping them polished to let light flow through in the best way.After reaching the highest floor under the top was reached, the view was lost, leading to hallways and rooms, viewable from the glass the surrounded the staircase on each level. It went on for minutes, leading Lao to wonder how long Melisa had spent scaling it up.With some help from a maid, he found the third level and the room that Melisa was currently in. As he went to go open the door, he heard sounds that he had never heard before...it sounded like…"Moaning?" he whispered under his breath. It was officially too much of a jump for him, as he backed away from the door and ran from the heresy. An unstoppable blush formed on his face as he cursed himself over and over, running until he was out of the building and away from the lewd actions. He could only change so much in a short time, after all.
  
    Chapter Text
    It was a wonderful morning in the castle. The birds were chirping. The maids were tending to the fruits in the backyard. The corrupted moon gave way to a normal sun, to which Lao could yawn and block his eyes from as it sneaked in through the curtains.He had decided to take up a room with Melisa's father, since being literally anywhere else put him on guard. Before he had gone to bed, Melisa had made him promise that he would care for his father, specifying that if he has a hair out of place, she will "make him wish he was dead". With the burden of torture on his mind, he went to bed, keeping on eye open as Melisa's dad slept soundly in the other bed beside him. He snored, but he seemed so innocent, so fragile...you would have never known he was Melisa's father with his demeanor.Eventually, sleep called Lao's soul and said that it wished to play, so he drifted off, to dream about chopping wood down with his father. It was his favorite pastime to do, just chopping away pieces in one smooth swing as his father nodded approvingly behind him with a proud expression. He smiled waving over to his dream father as he waved back. "Keep going son, what are you looking at me for?""Of course father, you need more wood to send to the Order fort right?""Order fort?" His father said, tilting his head. "Of course, you always send a carriage shipment off, right?""Son...haven't you heard? We aren't doing that anymore…""...what?" Lao was confused. He didn't know where his father was leading. "What do you mean we aren't doing that anymore?""You have something else you need to do Lao, something more important than chopping wood.""Father, what are you saying?" Suddenly his father was in front of him, poking his head repeatedly. "Wake up, and you shall see…."Lao opened his eyes, seeing Melisa poking him with the handle of her sword. The flat bottom kept tapping his head annoyingly until he grabbed onto it. "Stop that.""Did father sleep well?" She immediately started, going into interrogation mode. "Did you see any vampires, father sweating, was he nervous about something..did he say he missed me!?""He fell asleep and….I watched him until my eye closed…." he said, thinking about what else happened that night hurt his head. He guessed watching someone while asleep isn't good for the noggin of his. "Good. Addianas wants us to report down to him by morning. That is why I woke you at dawn. Now hurry up and dress yourself."Lao groggily sat upon his bed, muttering words of sarcasm as he passed Melisa and went into his bathing room. He felt her eyes shoot small circles of fire onto his neck until the door closed. The candles in the bathroom automatically lit up, showing a design fit for only a village mayor to have. Everything looked polished and clean, down to the flooring of the bathtub. It made it easy to quickly wash himself and go out, walking Melisa laying behind her father and hugging from his back. When she noticed he had returned to the main part of the room she instantly hopped out of the bed, putting back on her cape and armor quickly while clearing her throat.Making the better decision not to bother, he put on his old clothing before Melisa sliced everything but his underwear off with her rapier."You boneheaded vampire, what was the meaning of that!?""This is the New Order, which means you must wear their uniform. Doesn't the Order have their own style of clothing?""Yes, but I don't even have a uniform ready…" he hugged his body to conserve heat as the vampire went past him, opening a door and taking some folded clothes out. "Here, the maids tailored it for you.""That room is a closet?" He wondered out loud, quickly putting on his new clothing. When he was done, Melisa held up a mirror to him, showing himself in his new blue and gold-outlined trench coat. The faction emblem was stitched onto his right chest portion, but other than that, it looked nothing like the armor that the knight had, nor the omnibus' clothing. "A Mindflayer designed it to your tastes. All you needed was the emblem to be on it for it to be official New Order wear.""You let a Mindflayer put her tentacles on me!?""I thought you received the talk from King Geo.""That is still heresy….and, I have my privacy." He felt violated, regardless of if it was a monster girl or not. "Does that mean she did it to you as well?"Melisa scoffed. "Of course not, but I wouldn't mind having something made to my liking. I am just not affiliated with the New Order. I am only here because of you, remember that.""Oh right…." he then remembered the last night, when he heard noises coming from one of the rooms. "Say, Melisa, were you in Add's room last night?" She stared at Lao, pretending that she didn't process his question. "Melisa?""Yes? Did you ask if I was with a dragon and medusa?""Nevermind…So where should we go?" He looked in the closet, finding his shortsword propped up against the corner."To your new head," she said, with emphasis on the 'your'. She didn't seem keen about being anywhere near connecting with the faction. Once Lao was prepared, Melisa led the two of them outside to the gates. There waiting was the knight from the other day, tapping his foot while holding a pocket watch. "Melisa, where have you been cutie?" He asked. "You woke me up then said you would meet me when the sun rose above the trees!" He turned his head to Lao, seeing him awake and ready with his blade. "At least we are prepared now. A good luck kiss for luck?""I don't kiss.""Oh?" He said. Lao could see the eyebrows behind the helmet rise like bread in an oven. "Then what was happening last night then Mel?" She started to growl, but then stopped and smiled. "Sure~" The cheeky knight turned his head, getting his kiss before she turned his head and aimed for the gap in his armor at his neck. "M-mel wait! Ahh!" He stopped struggling as she chomped down, pulling away and letting him fall back against the gate door. He panted, his body feeling like he had run for several fortnights. Melisa just smiled smugly with a bit of blood left on her fang, the tables turned as Add held up a hand. "Fine, fine, we will go...once I recover…."They walked through a different part of the woods, with a dirt path carved out large enough for two carriages to pass by each other comfortably. "So Lao, what do you think of kitsunes?""What?" The serene quietness of leaves rustling had been broken by Add's question. "Kitsunes. You know of them right?""They make me uneasy, and their soft tails have been rumored to be traps!" He looked away, seeing haunting images of poor females and males of all ages seemly lured away from their perfectly peaceful lives to be a slave to fox girl sex. "I wouldn't wish the punishment on anyone…""P-punishment?" The knight went silent for a second before chuckling, covering her shielded mouth with his glove. "It's not a punishment, although it is a trap, I will admit that.""Add is too weakwilled to fight his superior," Melisa added in."She is not wrong! Hehe….""Superior? Why is your boss seducing you?""Because she can. She is a good Commander, but she tends to be touchy with everyone...except Melisa." Melisa unsheathed her rapier, then resheathed it seeing no reason to be on guard. "The commander needed quite a bit of mana to heal after that incident. Speaking of her, we are here!" Lao looked away from the scenery to where he had been led. They had reached a small town, where their footwear made crips sounds against the cobblestone. To Lao's horror, he dozens of kitsunes with black fur all milling around. Some were young, but the rest were fully developed, and endowed from flat chests to honkers that bounced with each step they took. The mark of the Demon Lord, Lao thought. But the scariest part was tails and the damn ears…..each one he saw moved and shifted around. The tails waved back and forth, idling or speeding up depending on who his wandering eyes settled on. He needed to leave, but his arms were grabbed by Melisa."Lao, they are married, you are alright.""T-they are still devils. I will not kill! I just need space, space before I fall into their trap…" He wanted to walk, to disconnect his arm, and move away from all the beastmen. Melisa wouldn't let him, letting him walk his fear out until he realized he was going to have to go through. "Finally, for fucks sake man I thought you were getting better." They started walking again, Lao keeping his head down and following Add and Melisa's feet. Out of sight, out of mind was his philosophy. It worked as long as he kept total concentration, following Add when Melisa would mess with him by splitting off."You can look up now, we have reached her manor." Lao stopped staring into the ground, seeing a house that was modest by manor standards, but large and fancy enough to be painted in a hundred windows, maybe more or less. A kitsune stood out on the front, her split-skirt showcasing her pale white, oiled-up skin. She wore a black fur coat and a black beret with a New Order emblem surrounded by red and then a yellow outline. She had the fluffiest set of black tails and ears of any kitsune here, the tail large enough to lose an arm and a leg in and never find. Add gave his greetings, but she had already noticed Lao, a new toy to play with, or possibly another Melisa that will stab fatally. Either way, her eyes had zeroed in, licking her lips as she approached the trio to formally introduce herself. "Morning my sweet Add. Melisa." The vampire nodded but kept a stoic stare."And finally our new recruit. Lao is it, I heard that you are under Captain Add now." She held out a hand, which he reluctantly shook. "Welcome to my squadron. Here, we only have two main tenets to pay attention to. One, you have to be of sexual age to drink vodka, and two….anyone under my command must listen to anything I say~. Except for Melisa.""It is good to meet you commander, but I must admit, I do have reserves…" he says. "Don't worry cadet, I promise that we will help you break those reserves easily~""What?""We will show you hospitality!" Her totally-not-rape-face switched to an innocent grin as she turned around and waved her tail. "You haven't gotten to touch a tail right?""No, but I…." it wave around so tentatively, just asking to be floofed….do not touch...do not touch!"...I am alright, I can just touch Melisa! he...he…." he reaches over to Melisa's shoulder, patting it as if it was his replacement for beastmen fur. The commander cocked an eyebrow, but shrugged as she stood back up."Interesting….choice Lao. Well then, let us start with the formalities. Come, sooner we get the paperwork out the way sooner I can show you where you will be training.""And this is my office!" The kitsune said, boldly pushing open her double doors. "Cozy oak everything, except for the books and chandelier and furnace. Isn't it wonderful Lao?""Very formal," he said, holding the door open for Add and Melisa to go inside. However, they didn't cross into the room. "Aren't you going to come in Melisa? Captain?" Melisa shrugged and just left, then Add ruffled Lao's hair. "You'll be fine. We'll wait for you at the town gates when you're done." Like that, Add left as well, leaving Lao to close the door behind him. Wat???"Don't mind them, they already know what my place looks like. Now then, let us get your paperwork done~" She says taking off her coat, tossing it onto the ground as she sauntered naked over to where he was at the door. Lao shifted away, moving around and away from her until he got on the opposite side of the table. "Why are you running? Don't you want to sign?~""No, I don't think I do," he says, circling around the table to keep from her. "Just a bit of ink, maybe some fur, and it will all be alright! What's wrong with a bit of fur?""Trap, very obvious trap." Her lewd grin didn't help call down that alarm in his head at all. "Oh? Commander Marylin? I would nev- get back here!" She leaps across the table, Lao ducking behind as she went crashing into a wall. "Agh! Good reaction….you'll make a….great cadet…" The blow to her head knocks her unconscious as she falls to the floor. Still crouched under the table, Lao realized his hand had fallen on the handle of his sword. He quickly pulled it away, unmeaning to draw a blade against her."Commander?" he whispered, getting no answer. He came out and picked her up, so she could at least be in a proper bed. A shiver went up his spine as he grabbed her by the armpits, however. In a bout of chivalry, he had forgotten about the tail! The dastardly bastard was now pressed up against Lao. Thankfully he had been wearing his leather armor but the appendage still idled behind her. Unable to take it anymore, he rushed her over to her desk chair and rested her back against it, before freaking out to the side. In a moment he had his tainted armor off, now wearing his regular clothes that had been left untouched. The chills he was feeling had finally stopped, and he could leave…It was a shame, but he could get the armor returned later. Or maybe a new one. Purified with fire. He thought about how a demon would get rid of a demonic presence when he tried the door. He got worried when it wouldn't turn or at least jiggle, locked completely still with no notch to turn to unlock. Frantically he looked for the key, looking in each corner before heading to the Commander's desk. While rummaging through papers, he spotted a glint in the corner of his eye, coming off the light from the fire. Sure enough, it was the key, but….Only a bit of was sticking out of the kitsune's tail, jostled to the surface by the slow wag. Just as it was shaken to freedom, it was shaken back into the depths of her floof, imprisoned unless a greater, likely controllable force could dive in.But using his arm would be suicide right? After all, the tails were practically a trap. Even the captain himself said so right?No no, he said he was a slave to the commander...but a sexual slave! It would be mad. Assured it was a terrible idea, he searched around for anything long enough to pry or grab the key out. A sword through her tail would be just straight idiotic, more than the situational idiocy of putting his arm in. The prong used for sifting wood, however, that had been sitting outside for a while. Surely it's cool right now, he said, grabbing the handle. It was warm even when the handle was insulated. Not worth it to test the metal end.Nothing else came close to how ideal the prong would have been, with everything else being impractical enough to not even be creative with it. He was stuck with his armorless arm, only covered by the long sleeves of his casual attire. It was a lose-lose situation either way since he could be sought after when she wakes up once more.His gulp felt too audible for her fox ears to not pick up, but he slowly advanced to the sleeping leader. Her breathing and his hopelessly noisy shoes were the only sounds as he went to the side of her chair. He reached for the tail to get it over with, but her body turned to face him. He froze in fear, cursing himself, but she didn't stir. He decided he was going to have to get closer, close enough for any shred of his comfort to be lost.He heaved her up from her chair again, making sure to lift her from her front so the tail wouldn't brush against his abdomen. Two boobs pressed into him, but he kept his face up towards the ceiling and his hands never going close to derriere. A simple squat lift did the trick, but now her body was leaning against his, and she was feeling his body heat. Like a blanket that covered you from the chill, she hugged him, hands closing around his chest as she pushed him into the notch under her chin. Forget beastman fur, this is worse!He needed to sit her down quickly, but the trap was slowly getting worse. Legs closed around his waist so she wouldn't slip off her vertical blanket. He could barely walk, much less her something down without falling with it. He could only reach around, closing his eyes so he didn't have to see his hand make contact with the tail. The first brush sent nervous tickles up his arm, causing Lao to sidestep a few times before regaining balance. Losing an arm is horrible. Landing with the kitsune smothering him from up top would be hell.It brushed a second time, but he was prepared for it. It felt like patting an animal, which was fair. The tail felt a hand, stopping it's wiggle and posing upward so the hand could continue to touch. Purrs radiated from her, her neck vibrating against his nose and forehead as the tail felt more of his hand across his body. Her grip tightened as his fingers parted the surface and went in, searching between weaves and fur tangles to find the lodged key. He could hear her breathing get labored as he sifted around, praying that somehow he made contact with something solid.His breathing was also speeding up, but he was hyperventilating at facing one of his many fears from mamono. It felt too wrong to do this, feeling like he would be smitten the moment he went outside. The one good thing that came out of it was that his genitals remained flaccid through will and fear. He wouldn't deny that he didn't understand why lesser and greater men have fallen to mamono. He kept the small part of his mind in check, but it yelled so much praise that bounced around his head. It filled him with serotonin to touch her tail, his giddiness rising and falling in waves with how much of his arm was in it. He could pet it more, and more, and mo- waaait.He had fallen into a daydream, but at least his arm seemed to have found the key. Thankful, he yanked the key out and completely let go of his commander.Oh yeah, she was still holding on to him like flow kelp.Worse, her tail was wagging excitedly. She could stir any moment, and he was trapped like an insect in a spider trap. He did his best to pry himself off, but her strength was on par, if not greater with his blessed body. I didn't give in though, as he wanted to be out of the room as fast as possible. He had the literally key to freedom in his hands! However, he had forgotten his fight to stay upright, tripping up after shifting his focus away from his legs and posture. He fell backward, bringing 180 pounds or so of kitsune with him. The thud knocked the key out of his hand, but it didn't matter. He had lost. She had his body pinned, her legs unfolding to lay along while she hugged around his neck. She stopped moving once she got her cheek against his head, somehow still asleep.He was still lying there, contemplating his life choices while she slept. At least she didn't snore, he thought. He had tried to move and grab the key, but he was stuck like a cat had climbed onto his body and laid his claim. Except it was a fox. And a girl. A fox girl.She yawned and stretched as she started to wake up from her head hit. Her eyes opened up to a Lao that had accepted his fate, his eyes closed while he turned away. "Huh?" She looked around, seeing them both on the floor, yet he was still fully clothed…as she put two and two together, she smiled, turning back to her knight. "You tried to get the key.~"Only silence was heard from him. "No shame in that of course, because that means you tried. I've seen so many orderites fall to this beautiful bundle of fur, but not in the way you did.""I didn't fall to it, I just….fell a little.""Ssssh…." she stuck a finger inside his mouth. "We both know how this is going to end right?""Just do it…" he said, wanting to get it over with. "It will hurt less the sooner it happens.""That's the spirit~" She sat on top, humming while removing his clothing. The kitsune took her sweet time, tossing things onto the ground until both their naked bodies were illuminated in bring orange flames. She laid back down on Lao, yawning as she prepared to sleep again."Why are you torturing me with foreplay?" He couldn't help but ask, his confusion overriding the anxiety he felt from the vixen shifting above him. "Because I can. I can do whatever I want you with you as your commander, right?~"
  
    Chapter Text
    He wondered how long it has been since he has seen his father. Surely they miss him, right? Or think he is dead or a turncoat, depending on the news the survivors of that camp have told. At first, he was too busy out in the woods to afford to think about his family, but the more he settled into the castle, the more his mind wandered to nostalgic grounds. It fell into another routine for him; wake up, some early training, a jog to work at the tavern, then jog back to his commander's town for some more training to get in. It became normal enough that his mind could afford to multitask, and what better to do that than with some memories of his life before this endeavor?Once again closing up, he hands the keys over to the boss of the tavern. The two of them eventually worked out that he would handle the morning, which gave the boss time to do something he hadn't been able to until now - sleep in until the sun burnt the skin on his face. That way Lao could keep working, although it meant that now he had to manage everything else.After wishing him a happy afternoon, he started his jog over to the town. Per instructions from her, he was required to find at least one mamono to pat along the way. He thought he knew why; to get him used to working alongside monster girls. It could also be that he was being played with, but it feels better to think it's the former than the latter. He tended to find someone that was near the path, in case he needed to run or couldn't muster the strength to do it.Today, it was the two succubi from earlier. They seemed a lot more friendly than before, but he probably had a skewed memory from the first interaction. After a short conversation and a friendly hug, he continued walking, still feeling tingly across his body. It wasn't fear, but being near someone so corrupted was still too awkward for him to do for too long. Having fulfilled his daily bargain, he continued on to the town."So I talked to a succubus today," he said, walking into her office. He stopped when he saw her sitting naked again on the bed. "Commander, you're….""Does this still bother you?" She asked with a grin. "I need to know if it does~"Shaking his head, he went over and started patting his tail. Lately, he found out that thinking about hand-cranked woodchipping kept him from falling into the trap of her tail. His hand brushed it from the base to the tip, the kitsune leaning against him while he covered every inch. After, he lifted her up from the table, seeing her clothing that was hidden under her butt. "So it doesn't?""Commander, why have we been doing this instead of actual training?""What do you mean Lao? This is training. How else would you get a wife?" On that note she was dropped to the floor, Lao deciding to walk away before her tail coiled around his leg. "Baka, it was a joke! I did it so you wouldn't jump every time someone touched you!""Fine, fine we will do some real training. But after one last hurdle." She dusted off her form and got up."What could be the hurdle? I have already touched everywhere on your tail.""Yes, but you cannot push someone away with a simple cuddle. Sometimes, you will have to get lewder~""No.""Oh yes~" Her breasts pushed into his back as she hugged him from behind. "In fact, I think I just won't let you do anything at all unless you can do this. What do you think about that idea?"It was like everything that he had built up over the past month was crumbling. Sex was the highest ontop of his lists of things he would never do, which had been shortened severely by the fox girl that was fondling his body. He could easily run, but that would mean everything was for near naught if he couldn't go on a mission. "Your thing seems to agree~" she said. He looked down, seeing the chub that had built in his pants. He felt fucked either way, but one would let him train for real. She assumed his answer, stripping him of his clothes. For the first time, he had shown his penis to someone, along with the rest of his body. The door was thankfully closed, but that didn't make him feel any better about the look on Marylin's face. "Oh!" she suddenly yelled, realizing something. "You are a virgin no?""That would be right, yes…" She pushed up her breasts, showing off her luscious orbs to him. "How's this for a first?" He groaned, wanting to get this over with quickly. "Don't be like that, you would find that a mamono's embrace is good all around." She fell back onto the table, spreading her legs towards him. He saw her hairless pussy, closed but having a drop of her natural lube collecting at the bottom. "This is called a vagina~""Don't patronize me." He went closer and kneeled in front. "I am supposed to lick it, correct?""Whatever you feel is best, as long as you never go in dry~" His eyes only looked at it, wondering what would happen once he started kissing her pussy lips. He hasn't been smitten yet, but this would be the optimal time to probably be sent to hell. His tongue quivered as he stuck it out, moving against her labia. He heard her softly moan as he tasted her cunny for the first time. He looked around for any signs of repent to be had, but there was nothing. It had dawned on him for the first time that he might actually be okay having relations with a mamono..."You look surprised. Does this mean you are going to finally fuck me?~" she asked, noticing him looking around for angels. He looked up at her for any guidance, but she smiled and waved him along.She tasted salty, he thought as he kept taking licks at her crotch. Before he knew it he had covered her outside in a thin layer of moisture, but an impatient hand on the back of his hand told him to go further. His mouth appendage penetrated through her labia for the first time, getting a wave of heat passing over it. It caught him off guard, but the taste was more potent inside. She moaned for real as he liked around, a red flushing his face as his temperature heated up. The half-limp cock between his legs stood up firm while he gave cunnilingus to the kitsune, thighs closing around his head as his tongue got farther. He finally backed out when her pussy squeezed down, shuffling back half a foot while holding his mouth. Her face appeared just as red as his, while sweat was going down her body. "Why did you stop? I was about to cum you idiot…""You crushed my tongue." In truth, his tongue was perfectly fine, but the squeeze had scared him like a cat touching water. She scooted off the table, turning around holding her ass up towards him. "Get back inside me you idiot!~" She said, too aroused to wait anymore. In a rush, he got up and grabbed his cock, guiding it towards her pussy but hesitating to push it in. It didn't matter; he was close enough that she could hump back into him, Lao's body tightening up for an instant as his member sank into her wet cunt. "Took long enough~," Marylin said in-between breaths. Lao started thrusting, holding on to her waist for leverage. Her tail kept tickling his front and nose as it swashed around, but it was nowhere near as distracting as the hole he was in. His legs wanted to buckle every time his tip rubbed against her walls.Time lost its meaning as they fucked. He had no real aim other than to go in and come out, encouraged by the moans from the harlot below him. He went faster as he felt something rising in him, like bubbles in a pot of hot water. He leaned into his thrusts, grabbing her soft flesh harder as his hips sawed her pussy open. His body went numb when he came, Marylin's eyes widening as buried his first cumshot deep within her. It kicked off her own climax, Lao being put in a vice grip while his ejaculation finished. Everything loosened up once their heights ended; the former virgin slipped out, only to land on the floor while his chest heaved. Nothing was said between the two of them, the rush of cumming together giving way to silent reprieve. She fell back in her chair, chuckling to herself while getting her sweat and cum all over the chair fabric."W-why are you laughing?" Lao asked. The roof he stared at was foggy to him. Everything felt hazy, except for the feeling lingering in his retreating cock. A light wind could stimulate it and make him squirm. "Because, you look so silly when having sex!""W-ha, hey!""Oh hush. Well, how do you feel now?""Tired...and nice." A quick self-assessment saw nothing wrong with him, but he still felt a twinge of guilt."Does this mean you want to go again, maybe?" She didn't even need to ask, as Lao, with new feelings in his heart and penis, knew what he truly wanted.....To get the fuck out of there. He hurried out of the room, quickly putting on his clothing and leaving before his cock went back up. "I guess not…" She said, awkwardly left partially-horny in her seat. 
  
    Chapter Text
    "Harder Lao! You're not putting as much power into your swings!" Melisa said while watching him. "You want to go fuck that kitsune right?""That came out of nowhere," he said sarcastically."Well, are you? You have to be feeling horny right? I forgot how incubi worked.""I'm not an incubus," Lao said before swinging into the dummy again. It reformed itself once his blade pulled out, having not been fully sliced through. "I'm still as human as I ever been.""Then slice through that already, it's just metal so it should be easy." Alas, it was mana-infused iron; normal iron was hard to get through with only a shortsword. He reared himself for another shit, bringing the blade halfway through the metal dummy before his momentum came to a screeching halt. "It is hopeless, my weapon is too weak for this Melisa!""Impossible, you just aren't strong enough," she took the sword out of his hand and swung herself, falling short of cutting through by a long shot. She then got serious and put power behind her next swing, once again falling short, but by a closer margin. "Hmm…""You see?""Shut up weakling I got farther. Now, your weapon seems to be weak. You need a new one.""Is there a blacksmith in the castle?""A blacksmith? Ha! There is only one true way to get a powerful tool. And that is in the wild!" She gestured to the great beyond of the forests illuminated by the moon. "And I know how we can do it!"They traveled back to the tavern, Melisa marching right up to the bulletin and taking a paper off the board. "This would be an interesting start! Our captive even has a projectile weapon we could steal." Lao peered over, seeing the price that was on his head. It was a small Orderite king that seemed to have escaped a monster realm, only to turn around and start killing innocents and dogs left and right. His depictions showed him with a revolver held to his chest, dressed in old and torn royal garments. "I swear Lao, the Lilims are even worse than my mom. At least she doesn't leave people alive to turn.""This looks awfully high profile for a starter bounty.""Exactly why it is perfect! Besides, I can always revive you as an undead if you die. That would mean you are my husband, however, so don't die." With paper in hand, she went back out of the busy interior, Lao following close so he doesn't get lost behind. Once in the forest, she went up to full sprint, hopping from tree to tree while Lao followed from the bottom. She left no room for getting up into the trees, less risking losing her cape flowing in the night.Traveling for miles, they came up to a small, quaint house with a smokestack attacked on the side. Melisa slowed down and looked at the address, wondering why such a bounty was located here. "Are you sure you ran the right way?" Lao asked, out of breath as he came to a stop as well. Melisa, unsure herself, went up to the door and knocked. It opened to reveal a girl with red eyes, albino skin, and gray hair, wearing a nightgown. "Ah, company! Have you come for the bounty?"Lao's hand fell on his sword out of sheer suspicion, but Melisa waved him off. "Yes, I assume the issue is an incubus out of control?"It is quite hard to explain. Come with me," she walked inside into the main room of the cozy home. Once everyone was inside, the door magically shut to trap them all inside."Melisa…" Lao said wearily."Not yet. Go on," the vampire said."Thank you for being so trusting. I must first admit, I have a bit of a few problems with my past, but one of the problems has come back to haunt me.""So you want us to track him down?""No need sillies!" A small orb appeared between the three, showing the man depicted in the drawing trapped inside. He was banging on the glass, trying to break it through sheer force to escape."You are all harlots! And you," he said point to Lao. "You look under their spell. Let me out so I can send you to heaven with no regrets! You can repent with the Chief God!""Oh my lord." Lao did not know what to make of it. "Why didn't you kill him yourself?""I can't!" The girl responded cheerfully. "It is too mean to murder him. I just wanted him to be happy, but he had other plans.""This crazy bitch looked me in a cage and forced me to watch my wife be corrupted!""He could have closed his eyes. See, problem." Unusually cheerful for someone that has seemly ruined a person's life, she broke the orb, the man growing to giant size as he fell on the floor, wet and covered in the orb's glass. Melisa acted quickly, pinning his arms behind his back before he could recover. "Lao, your shot.""Don't! Ack-" The cut was swift and short and in a moment, a life had been silenced. Lao slowly wiggled his sword, the regret already starting to set in as he pulled his short sword out the man. Melisa let him go, watching him clutch the hole in his chest while he dropped down onto the wooden floor with a thud. The act made him feel sick to his stomach, but he held himself until they were paid and given the corpse to do what they wish with. "Thank you, come again!" She said, closing the door once they had moved the body out."Now, we get guns. So how was your first bounty experience?" Melisa searched the body, seeing where the revolvers were stashed under the dead man's coat. "Were you expecting a fight?""I was…" he had a notion in the back of his head that something was still wrong as he looked back at the house. An off-putting aura was emitting from the inside, worse than when they first came."Oi Lao." His attention was brought back as Melisa put the two revolvers in his hand, along with a bag. "Bullets. Apparently, he had a lot…""Melisa, I think I'm going to go back in there." Lao started seeing how the gun worked, watching the Cylinder pop out as he pushed on its side."But why? We got our...money." Her voice trailed off when she saw the lack of light in his eyes. "No….no no no. You are not going back in there.""She monsterized a kingdom!""And he killed dozens of people," she retorted back, pointing at the body. "We got the money and your guns. Lets go." Shaking his head, he ran back into the house, kicking open the door and pointing it at the Lilim cleaning up the blood. "Tell me what you did!" The Lilim looked up, looking around the empty room before pointy at herself in question. "Yes, you.""It is a bit rude to barge, but fine I will. Want some tea?""I'll pass." He lowered the gun, but kept it firmly in his hand as he watched her summon a thermos. "You wouldn't know what this is, not even my sweet hubby knows. It's shiny isn't it?" She asked as she poured hot chocolate into a cup. She didn't seem to notice her clothing getting stained with fresh blood as she settled herself onto the floor. "Now then, I must tell you I only did so in retaliation.""You're as bad as him if you took his wife and kingdom away!""Am I? He's the one that said 'I'll do anything, don't monsterize us!' Then again he was cowering in fear from something~." She took a long, drawn-out sip from her cup. "I guess taking away his kingdom was mean...alright, you can shoot me.""What?""Shoot me with the .357 you have; at least, it looks like one. I think that is the first gun I have seen myself that is not from my home." She pointed to her heart, raising apart her hands and leaving herself wide open from Lao to take aim. He did it before he could have second thoughts, sending a bullet into her. She fell backward and went limp, lying in her own pool of blood to pay for her crimes. Lao went back outside, seeing Melisa counting her counts to pass the time. "Did you get what you wanted? Are your hero senses satisfied?" She started packing up the coins, sliding them all into her sack."She admitted guilt and I shot her.""Anything else?""Nope." He put the guns in his pockets, feeling nothing more than an emptiness inside."Though you would feel some type of accomplishment, huh?" Melisa said with a coy smile. "...Let's go back to the castle."
  
    Chapter Text
    He wasn't the same for the first few days after getting the 5000G. He spent most of his time around the castle, wandering around like a banshee while waiting for his new weaponry. Going to his first kill didn't help him in the long run; it had only been a temporary distraction from the memory of his family, and soon enough, more mental baggage to drag along. Soon, the new sword and guns were delivered to his doorstep. A longer, better blade with a red line down the middle, with freshly refurbished pistoles to go along with it.His mood seemed to lift as he admired his new weapons, but the last kill was still on his mind. Her perfectly contempt face staying in place after taking a bullet to the chest as he trailed his finger along the smooth metal of the gun. Not even this was seeming to help him with the nagging feeling…The coffee that was served every morning became his escape from his thoughts. He could drown memories in a jittery feeling and a scalding hot liquid going down his throat. Before he knew it, it had added itself to his daily schedule.On one of his jogs out of the castle, he saw a sign for the post. He ended up being drawn inside, sending a letter to his father before continuing to the tavern. Waiting for a letter back ended up eating away at him more, until he decided enough was enough. He went up to visit the king, who was ever eternally lounging on his throne. "Never thought I would get a chance to talk to you again," Geo went, pulling out a board with pieces spread out on it. "A game of chess?""I would like to request a day off," Lao said matter-of-factly. Geo's smile diminished out of disappointment, but it never left. "Already? I'm sure it hasn't been too long.""I have family matters to tend to," he explained, never leaving the last stair of the staircase. "I need to ensure they are alright.""Any other details I should know about?" Lao shook his head in response. He didn't feel the need to be an open book to Geo. "Very well then, but while you visit, do you mind converting the realm for me?""What?""This is my condition." He started setting up the board as he explained. "I honestly do not know where you have come from, but there is a good chance it is still affiliated with the Order. It is always hard to convenience someone of an ideology they go against. However…if we use a pawn that is already on their side, it suddenly becomes a matter of a simple errand." He knocked the white bishop off with the white pawn, replacing it with a black bishop instead to complete the horrible chess analogy. (Not that Lao knew) "The seed is planted, and then they can finally learn the wonders of co-existing with mamono.""Sorry to stop your plans, but I am not exactly the best person to be convincing,""Then I will send Addianas with you. Deal?" Lao was unsure of how he would convince others to join the faction, but it gave him a chance to visit his family with notice. He accepted the deal and went back down the steps, to in his thoughts to remember that Geo wished to at least play a game of chess before he went. He sped down the spiral staircase, stopping to retrieve his weapons before continuing out of the castle. He took a map with him to find his way back to his hometown, not bothering to wait for his escort. He didn't need to in his eyes, as the knight could easily catch up.It wasn't as easy for Add as he thought. He managed to get halfway through the industrial town before he heard the familiar pattern of metal on pressed dirt. His head was suddenly put under a headlock as chops repeatedly hit his dome. "Agh!""Idiot idiot Idiot idiot!" Add kept repeating as he punished the cadet for making him run for so long. "Do you know how hard it is to run in armor!?""You have never not worn armor! Ow…""That isn't the problem," After one last good chop to his head, he lets him go. "Now I'm sweating too much under this. You are lucky you have your blue robes on, light and breathable…now where are we going?"Lao dusted himself off, rubbing his head before focusing back on the map. He pointed to a label with two tools crisscrossing each other, noting that it was an industrial town. "I lived here, at the old sawmill.""That's not too far. Just passed the tavern town." Seeming delighted that there wasn't too much path to transverse, he walked along. No one batted an eye at Add's grey metal armor, but the blue coat that concealed Lao's being made him look like more a rebel than a knight. Both of their suspicions were confirmed when they passed a family traveling on a horse-drawn wagon. The one at the helm looked at them with wary eyes, while the family in the wagon seemed to shrink back inside. "You should probably bring down your hood," Add said."No, this keeps me from being found out. We're in Order territory now," Lao only pulled his blue hood over his head more, checking if all his hair was tucked in under. He only wanted his eyes viewable, and even then they were just two white orbs in a coat of darkness from how the light reflected off the irises. "Why don't you take off your helmet?""It's not needed. You can hear me perfectly fine, and I can pretty much do anything in here!" He goes into a cartwheel to prove his point, without even pausing his stride to get into position. "As easy as it looked!""Wait, can you take off your armor?""Easily yes. It's not cursed armor or anything, just simple well made protection." He patted his shoulder, Lao hearing the clunk of metal against metal. "Any other questions you have for me Lao?" He thought about it for a second before coming up with another, more personal one. "Are you married to Melisa?""...w-what?""You...Melisa seems to like you." Lao wondered if he would be blushing under his helmet right about then, but didn't push the issue. His superior seemed to stew for a moment, looking down at the ground while thinking up an acceptable answer. "Has she...told you how we met?""So you aren't married to her?""No, but….."
  I found her as many others did; by stumbling upon her and happening to be one of the few blood sources in her vicinity. There was a bit of a fog, and I had gotten lost on my way to Marylin's town. That was when I ran into her, both of us bumping into each other. It would have been a normal awkward interaction, but her nose had gotten a whiff of my scent. Covering her nose, she told me to hold still as she looked for a gap in my armor. She found one large enough at my neck, biting down while holding my waist with her arms. I felt dizzy as she drained the blood from my body, but it was nothing fatal. She pulled away and just like that, she disappeared as randomly as she came…
"Until I saw her two days later. From what I could tell, the blood of specific orderities is her favorite, which is why I guess she is still around," Add finished. "Don't tell her I said this.""I won't."Add continued driving the small talk between each other until they reached their destination. It wasn't the map that told them that they were here, it was the smell. The nostalgic smell of fresh, non-sentient nor corrupted wood that had been sliced and cunt down. He folded his map and made sure his hood stayed on, not wanting to give away his identity. Add whistled as they walked beside the mill, seeing all the land that had been cleared and everyone working. "So this is how the Order gets so much material. There must be loads of towns just like this one, supplying the legion.""Yes, we are rather proud…" Lao spectated. He was happy to be home, but he felt so out of place now, the blue and gold on his coat making him stand out. If he was going to be caught, he wanted to be caught somewhere that was private. "So, what do you do on these missions?""We just talk. It takes a bit of time, but King Geo sends us out on trips before he or another higher rank comes themselves. A good first impression makes all the difference." He took a short side trip over to a bread stand, where he got a loaf to eat later before going back to Lao. "Do you happen to remember anyone we can start with?""My mother's house. If anything, they are the best ones to start with." Add looked concerned as Lao responded. "What?" Lao asked."I don't know, going back to see your family could mess with the process. Isn't there some other building that is significant?""I don't see anything wrong with it.""But there is. You're just using it as an excuse to go visit family aren't you?" Add interrogated. Lao gave a perfect poker face, but Add knew better. "Everyone goes through with it Lao. You can visit on your own time, but we are on a business trip. Can I trust you to be the first one to understand that?""...""You're going to sneak away aren't you." The silhouette of Lao's eyes, the only thing visible under his hood, looked down in shame. "Sorry, Sir.""I guess not. Fine, but tell me where the head of this village is first." Lao pointed towards the hill they looked at earlier. "From what I remember, the important people would usually gather there. I was too busy to know for sure though.""That would be good enough for now. I'll meet you back here by the time our shadows had disappeared. Is that alright?""You could have just said noon." Add chuckled and started walking towards the hill, leaving Lao to head to his formal home. Nothing much has changed in the time he had left, other than some vine cutting and gardening to keep the house nice and tidy. He could still see the window of the floor where he slept. It brought back nice memories, especially the one of when he went out into the city with Leana for tea.He went up to the front door, thinking about more warm memories while knocking. They were all nice, but who was Leana? Was she an old mate that he had stumbled by while she was clothes washing? A relative? Aunt? Now that he thinks about it, what city was he even…."O-oh my." He stopped questioning his mind, seeing his mother look up at him. His heart seemed louder than before to him, or was that his nervousness for seeing his mama again? She looked around him, her eyes seeming filled with fear and shock rather than a nervous but welcome gaze. "I-I'm sorry sir, but….I don't wish to make a scene, but please don't take anything…" she stumbled over her words like a tumbleweed, acting like she was talking to a thief rather than her…Oh right, he had his hood on! "No! Mother it's me. I would never do such a thing!" he hurried inside and took off his hood, laughing as his hair fell around his face. The reaction he had expected finally happened, his mom in disbelief before tossing it aside to hug him. The difference in their size was just as different as before, but her smaller form felt safe all the same. "Lao, you've come back...but your sister, she is still out…""That's fine, At least you are here. Is father around?" he looked around, seeing if he heard any of his trademark grunts anywhere. "No, he is at work at the lumbermill, as usual…""In his age?""Oh right. He's a foreman now. He decided to finally move up after you left. You should have been there…" his mother rambled on about his promotion, Lao following her around while she recalled the day he came home with the news. Lao followed with his own adventures, but when he got to the part about Melisa he caught himself. "Oh? Dear you stopped…""Um…" He couldn't tell her about Melisa! Actually, he couldn't tell her practically anything at all! "Well…""Did...did something happen? Did a monster girl…" Well no….if you excuse his commander-oh fuck oh shit."Of course not!" Lao lied, struggling to maintain it. It was the first time he had lied to his mother in a while. It felt bad, but he didn't know what would happen if she heard the truth. "I fought them off real hard mom. They did manage to get a blade and their hands on me, but your boy is alright.""Awww, my hero!" She seemed too happy to catch on. Lao sighed in relief. They both kept chatting with each other, his mother preparing rabbit stew in the meantime. Seeing a bit less to talk about, Lao decided to head back to where Add said to meet. As it was almost noon, there was more activity to walk around, but no Add in sight. He walked to and fro, passing the center multiple times while looking for a person in metal armor. Noon came and passed, the shadows starting to show up again on the opposite side. Thinking that Add had found the person he was looking for, he decided to go to other nostalgic places of his past to pass the time.The first was his local church, a small building with a cross engraved into the top of the wooden foundation. The corners were the dustiest places he had ever seen, with loads of particles floating in the air that the sun was able to shine down upon. One tinted window of the Chief God in all of her holiness sat in the back, overlooking proceedings with the pride of an immortal. Any other Lao would have felt safe, as if angels were sent down to each person that prayed there to ward off the evil mamono, but to him now it was more so indifferent than inspiring. Only two people were in there, with one being a priest, and another being a gruff man with his head down praying to the heavens. He knew that out-of-style hair anywhere, the rounded belly he had on his front, the untoned strongman build that stood stronger than the wood that supports this very building."Father?" He said under his breath. Both of them looked up, his father's eyes seeming to soften. "By the gods' grace, she has blessed thee sir!" The father stayed in silence, staring at the hooded person standing there. He just seemed to drift closer to him, tears in his eye welling up the more Lao took up his vision. "You...can't be my son...an orderite would never hide his head from the chief god's blessing." Once close enough, he removed the hood, seeing his face for the first time. "It really is you!""Hi Fa-" All 200 and change pounds of affection hugged Lao, crushing his windpipe in a bearhug only a relative could bring. "I thought you were dead son! We got word of what happened at the camp, and I got so worried I tried sending word, letters, but everything came back silent...I couldn't bring myself to tell your mother and daughter, they would have been torn. I just knew you had to be alive, I just knew, grr!"The priest chuckled, just as happy as him. "You would not believe how many times he came in here. Especially after…""Quiet Nance! But she isn't wrong. Lao, you would not believe the things they sent me after telling me that you were dead. Boy, if I could believe it now! They thought you were spotted with a vampire, but lookie here! No bite on ya! I just knew that my boy could never, ever be…""C-corrupted?""Nance, now I told you to let me have time with my boy!" Lao's dad angrily turned to her, only to see her point her staff at Lao in fear. He turned back, seeing Lao's form starting to give off purple in the stained glass-filtered sunlight. "No...no not my boy. Boy, say it isn't true! You were just in a realm for a bit too long, right?""I'm...I'm sorry father, I…""Shut your mouth…." The words from his dad came out broken, cutting through Lao with the harshest of disappointment. "I-I can't believe it...you married those demons! You...."tied the knot" with them Lao.""Well, no, I'm not married…""Really?""No, I just got caught by a kitsune…but hear me out. Please." The father was still torn, but he nodded, stepping back from him in case the corruption could spread through contact. Lao started to explain everything, except this time, he didn't stop. He talked about how he first came across a vampire, then joined a new faction, and killed a lilim right after killing her target with the two guns he has by his side now. His father and the priests just listened solemnly as he talked, until he finally shut his mouth and nodded."Son….It is great you have killed some demon spawn, but this...you left the order?" he asked in disbelief."Father have you ever met a monster girl?""Yes, on the battlefield. They were the most dangerous things you could encounter for me, even before the succubi took over. Now son-""What about not on the battlefield?""Son.""Father. Please." His dad scowled, but he shook his head. "Nance, can you believe Lao?""No but….I-I haven't really met one I didn't have to smite..""Exactly. All of our interactions beforehand were in situations that didn't allow for us to understand the other side. Maybe if we just meet with other ones that are peaceful like us…""This 'Geo' person could be using you. I'm not going to lose you because you bought into his ideas for 'peace' and 'togetherness'!" He exclaimed, gesturing frustratedly."I know father…""So what am I supposed to do? Just let you lose yourself?""No, but I can assure you if I do find that I was just a pawn…" Lao trailed off, taking out one of his revolvers and spinning the barrel. "...I'll kill him." His father, although touched by his tenacity, still didn't want to just let Lao go. His frown moved around his head as he stewed, thinking of what he should do as a father. In his eyes, suicide or death by ax would have been a better fate, but if he was still single now, even with traces of corruption on him…"Fine," his father settled on. "But keep your hands out of that damned kitsune tail. I...I trust you, but if you fall…""I won't." His father nodded and walked towards the door of the church. "And make sure you see your sister. She's worried sick about you.""I will father.""Sorry that the meeting took so long! It was just so easy to get them to try coexisting with a few mamono!" Add said, eating some loaves of bread as they walked back to Geo's castle. "Then again, it means they would have more people to chop down faster. Nothing gets the to say yes faster than profit, amirite?""Is it possible to kill the king?" Add stared at Lao confused, not processing what he had said. "Hmm?""Sir, it is possible to kill Lord Geo. In case…" Add thought about it, hurrying to chew his food before answering. "So you have thought about something going wrong?""What if...what if he is just using us to corrupt more territory?""He would never! Besides, only the top ranks or those he entrusted with the power could kill him.""Entrusted?""Of course! He knows he isn't perfect, or that he could be turned into a puppet to do someone's bidding. Because of that, he had others create a plan for killing him as a last resort. He would be there…." Add starts before chewing a piece of the bread. "And then he would be gone, with someone else to take his spot. And on and on, if it needs to be.""Yes...thank you for bothering to answer Sir.""You're getting really comfortable with using 'Sir' Lao. Have some bread," he said. Splitting the bread between the two of them until they got back home.
  
    Chapter Text
    True to Add's word, the village had made a deal with the New Order. Tagging along, he watched from the side while the church was being redone to fit the new legion. All the humans seemed on edge, but no tension seemed to boil over. There was a social gathering planned in the evening, but Lao had decided to leave early beforehand. He found out his father turned out to have a similar, yet more permanent idea as he passed him and his family packing their belongings into a wagon. "You're leaving father?""It is no longer Orderite territory. As far as things are, we still have the cottage I and your grandfather made to stay in unless the woods are now unsafe…""I can escort you," Lao offers."That is a good idea, but I thought you would want to stay with your people and your...kitsune tails..." A girlish scream came from inside the wagon. "Quiet lily! They aren't here...yet," his father called. "Well then, you could always keep up with the horses, unless you wish to ride along."Lao nodded and helped pack the rest of their belongings into the wagon, then helped his mom and sister up into the covered wagon. The father climbed up onto the driver's seat, grabbing the ropes attached to the horses. The wagon started moving, leaving the village to travel to their cottage in the falling sun. Everything seemed to have an orange glow to it this particular day, reflecting the rays of the light to shine no matter what material they were. Lao moved in a light jog, acting as an on-foot escort with his hood up and weapons concealed. Other than the movement of wheels and hooves over packed dirt, his mother and sister chatted and played away in the cabin.The path they were taking led straight to the tavern, but if it was that easy to find it wouldn't be as much as a retreat cottage. They took a turn at a particularly tall tree; its size and thickness stood out among the rest, not swaying in the windy day till the smallest of branches. It was the sturdiest thing for miles, and it was their first hint to change direction.The wagon wheels cracked fallen branches as they weaved around trees, leading 90 degrees in a new general direction. Soon, all parts of civilization had left them, and they were alone in the forest. The light was dim from the overcast of trees, and the sun was almost done leaving them to the pale light of the coming moon. They stopped shortly to light the candles they have, putting four in each corner and two beside his father. With light around them, they continued, listening to the crickets in the night and smelling the incense from hot candle wax."Do you think it still has the supplies that you and your dad brought?" Lao asked his father."It should, and it's right next to a nice place to fish and garden. Seeds and water to last us a lifetime."They reached the cabin they were looking for. It looked spawned out of place with all the trees and shrubbery that surrounded it, but it was still standing. "That's weird, the door is open," the father commented, pointing at the broken lock on the door. "Oh well, it has been a while, and the locksmith's metal lasted long enough…"The family all got down from the cabin, the four of them approaching the open door into the house. As it was built by hand, there were only two rooms in the cabin, the main room and a place to sleep in. They all went in around the same time, looking around at all the dusty wooden things in the main room. "Honey, everything looks ransacked," his mother said while looking at the open bags of wheat. "It has claws, it was probably a boar we can hunt.""Will you teach me how to use a gun?" the daughter asked, touching Lao's coat and being in awe at how soft it felt against her hand. "No, you're only six. Lao, can you and your sister go check the bedrooms?" Lao nodded and went with his sibling to peer inside. It was only bed frames, with bags of feathers and sheets in the corner for when the place would be finally used. Although a dark shadow was in the corner, grumbling reverberating from it. The sister noticed around the same time he did, paralyzing in fear as she watched its chest rise and fall. "M, m…""Sssh." Lao coaxed the sister to his side, placing a hand on his gun and getting a bullet inside the chamber. "Do you wanna go back to mama and papa?""Nu uh-" her head was pressing into his side so she didn't have to look."Alright, but stay behind me." He slowly advanced to the shadow, its grumbling dying down to quiet breathing. He tapped the figure's body then backed up. He saw blue eyes open up at him, blinking before going wide. "Ahhh!" The figure screamed as it started trying to fly out. It didn't take the time to remember it was inside before hitting the roof and falling back down into the frame violently."What was that!?" their father was in the room in a second with an ax and a candle, shining a light on what turned out to be a wyvern, dazed and with an injury to the head. Her solid light blue collar held the bra top around only the torso above the bottom of her breasts. She wore pants with a belt that barely went below the height of her cameltoe, and her wings, tail, and scales were blue-green, with her signature 3 talons on each wing, and claws on each foot. "Y-you were…you bitch!" Realizing she was the one that had invaded their hideaway, he started advancing with an ax ready to harm. Lao stopped him before he could land a hit, pushing him back away from the Wyvern. "What are you doing son!?""Father! Please, let's just kick her out." He struggled a bit more but held back by his son he eventually called himself down. He pushed the ax into Lao's hands and picked up his daughter. "We can't stay here now, what if she comes back?""I can just take her with me, she can stay at the castle. You don't have to leave your cabin, I swear on my life.""Fine, but if she comes back and causes trouble I will haunt you from the grave boy. Come on dear," The three of them left the inside, waiting for him to drag the wyvern out through the only doorway in the house. Lao felt something latch onto his shoulders once they were exited, turning around to see the wyvern peering around him. "I'm really sorry…""I see you are…" he said, right before knocking her in the noggin with the handle of the ax. "Ow!""This place wasn't for you," he said coldly before hitting her again. "What if there was a family living here already?""I'm sorry I'm sorry! Just please stop bapping me!" he relented, the wyvern covering her head and shoulders with her wings. "Just don't kill me, I swear I'll leave…""Fine." He pulled her by the arm out of the cabin, shooing her off and watching her hurry away into the air. "Yeah, and don't come back!"With his family now settled in, he bid them farewell, hugging his father one last time before continuing his travels back to the castle. He ran into the wyvern again, curled up against one of the many trees that filled up these empty woods. "I thought I said to leave this place," he scolded. "I don't have nowhere to go," she responded back, staring at the ground with a lonely gaze. "I have been lost for so long, I don't know what to do now…""Well, it can't be here, but do you want to follow me back to the castle?" The wyvern looked up from the ground. "Really?""I guess. It is somewhere that isn't near the cabin." She gets up, using the tree to prop herself until she was standing on her own two feet. "Thank you, I promise I won't steal anything again!""You didn't….oh well.""My name is Seian, kind sir. What is yours?""Lao, and I don't think we're going to be together for long.""But you seem so kind," She wrapped their arms together, pressing her side to his as she walked alongside him. "You didn't let that man use his ax on me.""That man is my father.""Even better!" She started nuzzling the nape of his neck, thinking that she had found someone to be with. "With you, I don't have to live alone anymore. We can do so many things together…""You're moving too fast, even for a mamono," he commented. He didn't show much interest at all, trying to disengage her from getting too excited about him. "Isn't there something that you would usually do first before talking of marriage?""No….but there is one thing that can solidify our relationship." She let go of his arm, getting in front of him and squatting over. Her tail wagged along the ground as she waited for him to do something. "I'm not having sex with you.""Not sex. Don't you know what wyverns are best for?""...No?""Flying Lao! Wyverns used to be dragons that humans flew on. We still do the same thing, but instead of pets, we fly as husband and wi-""I heard enough, so I think I'm fine walk-iiiiing!" Her tail slide had caught him by surprise when it slid under him, flicking up so he would be slide down onto her back. "Grab wherever you would like~""I…." The tail folded over onto his back from between his legs, keeping him on until his arms slid around her exposed belly. "Yes, just like that…" Her eyes looked heavy-lidded for a second, liking the feeling of his gloves patting her navel. She refocused herself and lifted off, soring up beyond the treeline rather quickly. The acceleration almost made Lao lose his grip, and caused his hood to fall off his head. He screamed out of sheer shock from how gone he was from the ground, stopping when he heard Seian's giggling. "Is this your first time being so high?" He didn't respond, getting an aching feeling that spread out from the inside of his gut. He sparsely recalled when he was younger, learning that man wasn't given wings because they were meant to repent on the ground. Seeing Seian fly close and closer to the lowest of clouds, with him kept in place by only his gloves and a tail between his legs, he was beginning to understand how true that was."Can you just go a bit lower?" He asked, just gripping her sides a bit tighter."Aaii! Oh sure! But um, I must admit…..I have no idea what direction we are going.""What!?""I know, I'm sorry again, I can be a bit of a clutz…is that the castle?" She points a wing down towards their destination, Lao saying yes over and over until she turned and started gliding towards it. Now that she was done ascending, the trip actually seemed enjoyable. Slowly he sat himself up on Seian, ducking down each time the wind threatened to blow him off. "Tuck your legs in, that way you won't fall off!" She suggested. Trying it, he slid up her body and folded his legs around her waist. Sitting up now, the wind still blew in his face, but he wasn't sliding off."Oh my god!" he exclaimed, holding his arms up to the wind. He looked around him, seeing themselves slowly pass over the moonlit landscape below. It was forest and farmland for miles and an amazing sight to someone that had never seen 20 feet above the ground. Slowly but surely his fear of heights disappeared. They laughed alongside each other, sightseeing until Lao finally saw the castle below them. "Oh! We're here!" he yelled over the wind. "Can you take us down?""Of course! Hold on!" On an exciting note to that, she tucked her wings in and went into freefall, Lao going back to clutching her for dear life as they sped rapidly towards the ground. Just as he thought it would be appropriate to scream, her wings spread out again, slowing them down like parachutes as they glided to the entrance of the castle, shining with sources of light all around. Lao fell off as soon her feet finally touched the ground, grateful to be back on solid ground once more. "You look handsome without your hood on," he hears her say. Almost by instinct, he pulled it over, hiding his face from her."That's not fair, at least let me be able to remember it," she protested, but he didn't budge. In the game of waiting out the other, Seian broke faster, deciding to fall beside him and look at the star-filled sky. "Oh, look, it's a shooting star," she said pointing to one falling in the sky. "What do you wish for?" he asked."Well...no, no it's silly.""You did bring it up…""Really, it's a silly dream. I could never have it…" her smile faded a little when she said that. "Can we go inside?"Lao nodded got up, Seian stumbling up right behind him as they walked past the gates and into the castle. It had just turned nighttime, but it was enough for Lao to throw away his things and go to bed. Melisa's father was out god knows where, but that meant the Dhaphir wasn't far behind him, leaving him alone in his room with Seian standing by the door. "Um, Lao?""Yes?" he was already in his bedroom clothes, getting comfortable under the sheets by this time."Is there...anyway I can sleep with you?" He stared at her for a second before turning over and laying down in his bed to rest. Left waiting awkwardly, she decided the best use of the social limbo was to slowly scoot over to Lao, watching to make sure he didn't turn before quickly hopping in the bed. Seeing nothing bad happen to her, she decided to pull a piece of the blanket herself and sleep away."Sir?" Lao asked him, catching him in the hallway while taking his tray of breakfast back to the kitchen."Yes Lao?""Do you...have any experience with dragons?" The armor froze up for a second as if he had not heard what his knight had said. "Sir?""Yes! Of course, I have my, interactions, but why do you ask?""Well you seemed like someone that would be experienced in them, as you have been around with monsters for longer….""That...makes sense. Do you need help catching one? Tending to their wounds or scales...m-marrying one?" He seemed way too interested for a casual conversation, as the voice echoing through his armor lets on."Getting rid of one.""...What?""I invited her to the castle to keep her away from my family, but now she takes it as a sign of a relationship. I just do not see it happening, Sir." Add looked taken back. "You're not even going to give her a chance?""Well-""I don't want to hear it. Lao, your new assignment is to spend time with this lovely dragon you brought home! I will send word immediately." Add said like a disappointed mother. In the span of one conversation, Lao had now dug himself a hole. Now he will have to befriend a wyvern in it.Lao went back grumbling to himself, going back to his room once he had dropped off his empty tray. He caught her falling back asleep, now with the full coverage of a quality blanket at her disposal. "Come on, we are going out," he said matter of factly. Her head turned, unsure if he meant it. "Together?""Yes, together." With assurance, she bolted into the bathroom, freshening herself up and coming back out to him, her chest heaving as if she had just run a marathon. She was completely wet from head to toe, not bothering to take off her clothes before jumping into a bath. A quick glance inside the bathrooms showed the entire space covered in droplets of water, especially the floor she stepped out onto. "W-what? Did I go too fast?""You still smell. Do you want to take longer?" He asked, taking off his coat and weapons. She nodded and stepped back inside, Lao rolling up the sleeves on the clothes he wore under the coat before stepping in after her. He found some soap bars and dropped them in along with a sponge, filling the tub with hot water. He started hearing her shiver while he prepared the shower. "You should take off your clothing, they are only making you colder at this point.""I need help with that…" She held up her wings, before promptly covering herself with them again to converse heat. Lao went behind her and started undoing her top, finding buttons on the shoulders that made it possible to remove it without having to tear it by pulling over the wings. "How did you even get this on?""I...don't remember. I think it was with someone else.." her cheeks flushed red as he carefully undid her bra, making sure not to tug anywhere too hard and then just letting the wet bra drop down onto the floor. "May you also do...my….""Only the belt, then I'm leaving." He went a bit faster with the loops of the belt, pulling them out once the front part had been undone. He had turned around before the extremely short shorts had a chance to drop below her navel, but she clasped onto his arm. "I need help washing myself!""W-but how have you been doing it this entire time? Unless…" Seian looked away, pretending she wasn't guilty of just wading in water. Sighing, he let himself get pulled back in, watching her lower herself into the tub of hot water. "This feels nice Lao...like the bed…" He kneeled beside her, getting the floating soap and sponge to mix and scrub along her body. One by one she held out her appendages, smiling softly as he washed out the dirt and grime that had built up in the corners and crevices. The last appendage to wash was her tail that swished around underwater. She squeaked when his hand found the tip. "Please...be gentle~" she said with her mouth bitting on the skin of her winged arms.He could practically hear how sensitive what he was holding was in her voice. Every time he attempted to scrub the end, it would flick with wild abandon and she would make a small squeal again. Eventually, the best course of action, he frustratedly decided, was to hurry along and get it over with. His grip became firm enough that she couldn't wiggle away from it, and the sponge was squished against her tail. "Ahhh! I said slow! Have mercy!~" ignoring her pleas for a reprieve, he continued on until the sensitive portion shined in the candlelight. "There! May you stop squirming now?" he said, feeling bad about it. Her face was completely red, as she huffed and puffed into the water. "L-Lao?""Yes?""I think I came, " she admitted ashamedly. "P-please don't leave…""...well, I won't. Do you think you can do your front…" She nodded, taking the sponge between her wings to rub it on her stomach. She got about two strokes in before it slipped out like a stick of butter, landing back in the water. She picked it up between her wings again, watching it slip out again. "L-Lao, it isn't working...""I'll do your front for you." Scooting his seat up, he started washing the front of her body, doing literally everywhere that he could before eventually finishing with her chest. His unenthusiastic hand gave only a few good swipes of the sponge, not too fond of spending any more time with her erogenous zones they wanted. "Thank you for-" she was cut off by him scooting further up, lifting one leg out of the warm water. "You can't wash your legs, can you?""I can, but I wouldn't mind you doing it…" she watched patiently as he finished of the rest of his body, going through the wings and the legs like they were nothing. A final scrub down of her head and polish of her horns, and she was ready to submerge her body like a bathroom submarine. Lao left his towel out for her to use, stepping out as she continued leaving behind soap suds to float on the water surface with her series of ducking and rising."Are you done changing?" he asked, waiting with a maid outside of his room. He heard fumbling around and a lot of crashing, praying that the room wasn't going to be upside down by the time she got out. It would be a lot faster to just help her, but this time, Seian assured him that the freshly dried clothing will be easy to put on. "I have a way!" she says.The door swung open slowly, revealing her top and her shorts perfectly on. Behind her was a surprisingly lacking amount of carnage, except for the bedsheets on his bed that were caught in the crossfire. Those are gonna be a pain to put back, he thought to himself."All I needed was a floor and I can put in all the buttons and belts!" She said excitedly, looking proud of how she put everything on. "So where do we go next?""To Sir Add obviously." In truth, Lao had no idea what he was supposed to do with her. His superior seemed to be interested, so went back to Add's room and knocked on the door, taking Seian "Hello?""Lao is that you? Please come in, the water is fine!""The water?" he murmured confusedly. "Why would there be water in your room?" He got his answer as soon as he opened the door. For some reason, his captain was still fully in armor, waist-deep in a swimming-pool-sized jacuzzi hot enough to steam out across the rest of the room. Beside him was one of the largest dragon humanoids he had ever seen, seeming three times his size with his scales covered in an overcoat fur akin to a bunyip's. "So, how's your day so far?" Add asked, seeming very casual despite how bizarre the scene looked. "This is my lovely husband slash dragon!""Hello. I am Ayzogecorid, but Addianas calls me Witness for short." He gives a neighborly wave.Lao, speechless, struggled to take all this in at once. "So….witness is…""A translation from our tongue. I know, it is merely a common word but it just stuck so much with Add here.""Awww," He got a kiss right on the faceplate from Witness as he felt overrun with glee. "Well don't just stand there Lao! What do you need?" He moved only 2 feet from the door, Seian jogged over to the edge and sat there, dipping her feet in the water."I don't know what dragons like," he admitted. "If I am going to spend the day with Seian, I need help Sir.""Well, I know my hubby loves when we exercise~" Lao stared at him with contempt. "Not that type! Although it's not off the table. I mean the normal, lewd free kind!""Nothing makes me happier than flying the people I care for around. Especially Add~" Witness added. Seian turned to him, holding up her wings as if to tempt Lao. "Alright then, do you want to go flying Seian?""Yes." she sprung up, loving the idea of taking Lao for another soar in the skies. He guided the two of them down the floors to the outside. The view was beautiful in the moonlight, but in the sun, more details could actually be seen! Seian crotched like last time and Lao shuffled up until he was nice and up against her back. With her payload secure, she took off again quickly. Lao, now having experience in flying on her, tucked his legs in, daring to look down as the rose beyond the treeline. The people he could see milling around on paths shrunk down to the size of ants, then further as their outlines blended in with the ground. His enjoyment for it was silent but plentiful."So, where should we go?" Seian asked, also ground-gazing as she reached the level of clouds. "Oh, what about the ta-blublurwah?""What's the tablurblurwah?" Lao quickly wiped away the cloud and condensation that had gotten into his mouth. "I meant Tavern. Bleh, did you know clouds tasted this weird? It tastes nothing like the water.""You ate the clouds?" Seian said, laughing loud enough for the birds below to hear."Just answer the question!""Yes, of course! Everyday!" Lao nodded as he finished getting the small beads of water droplets off his form, the clouds they were flying through giving away to open Sun. "You know Seian? I always thought that above the clouds, there would be heaven, but there are more clouds above us….""Shame I can't fly up there," she said, looking up. "It's..it's too cold.""Says the person only wearing the bare minimum….maybe if I ever get on a plane somewhere that travels across city states…""What is a plane?""Oh, it's….wait what?" Lao thought about what a plane was as well, but it was like the word only appeared just to be put in a sentence. "I don't know…""Sometimes I don't know why I say either. I would just say random words like….bolonga!""Seian that's a real word.""Oh." They both chuckled, Seian slowing down to a glide since they were chatting. "So 'plane' isn't a real word?""I guess not. How about tavern?""Ooo, I know that one. It's the place with beer and swords right?""You can say that," Lao responded, patting his sword for emphasis. "Why don't we go there?""Of course, can you point to it?" Lao pointed to a small gathering of buildings with a tiny plume of smoke rising, Seian curving down to descend in its direction. Lao laid against Seian while the wind blew against them, thinking hard about where 'plane' came from. It obviously is a word or at least something of significance. Just earlier he swore he had mentioned a 'Leana'. He furrowed his brow, but the equivalent of fuzziness only came to mind.Soon they landed at the Tavern, Lao hopping down instead of waiting once Seian is practically laying on the ground this time. As they went in, the boss of the Tavern checking out, tossing the keys and apron onto Lao before leaving with a grunt. "L-Lao?""He's upset I asked for a day off I think…" he guessed. "Do you think you can help me with serving?""That sounds interesting but so sudden…""I know, I'm surprised too." Lao taking the wyvern to the back to put the apron over her. "I think you would need this more than me.""Aww!" She giggles as he ties the strings to it, backing up and spinning around with it on. "Do I look cute?""You know what? You do look cute. More nice than cute though." He could not deny how fitting it went around her, even if it was a tad oversized for the both of them. She blushed at the very first compliment he ever gave her, going around excitedly waiting for something to serve. Lao took an order ticket down and went further into the back, coming back with four drinks to put on trays. soon brought four drinks that he put on a tree. "Four fresh ones for the table in the corner," he instructed, leaving Seian to start slinging drink trays left and right. One by one they served through the afternoon rush, getting the buildup of orders down but never fulling running out. When one meal was finished and sent, another would have been written down and added to the waiting list for Lao to get to, then for Seian to serve. Lao had several lonely shifts under his belt, but it was inevitable that it wouldn't be long before the dragon girl would falter. Sure enough, in a rush to take a tray of drinks and food to some customers, the large platter slipped from her hands spilling all of the food on the ground. "Aiii! S-sorry!""Aye lass, you would do much better with hands," one of the customers joked. Seian nodded, waving her wings around. "I-I know, I'm sorry and-""Sheesh lad it was a joke. Really, it's alright." She nodded and bowed, getting Lao to help clean up the mess while she did the rest. She ended up spilling more trays, some of which Lao got to see as he went out of the back of the tavern to retrieve another order. She looked distraught each time this happened, but luckily for a bunch of travel-hardened people they seemed to stan being friendly and understanding often, and she would go back to going around smiling.Finally, the two slumped down at the counter of the bar, sliding down relaxed as the last group of people went out. They had finished the afternoon rush and made a lot more money than if Lao or his boss would have worked alone. "Finally is done…""I spilled a lot did I?" Seian asked, still feeling guilty about the wasted food and beverages. "Of course you did, but it was your first shift," Lao responded. "How do you hold the trays?" Seian pulled one from off the table, using the arm part of her wings to each hold an end of the tray. "That looks slippery…" he commented."It would be easier with hands….""Maybe, but what if you hold it like this?" Lao lifted the tray and turned her left arm sideways, placing the tray then back on her wing. Seian's eyes seemed to glower, the tray having less to slide away unless she tilted her wing on purpose. "It works so well!""See? Now then, lets' put some weight on it." They spent the lull before the evening rush pushing how much Seian could carry on her wings, adding more and more glasses full of beer. Eventually, they had to use two trays, then start stacking the glasses on them. Seian stayed still while Lao stood on a table to take it further, then eventually the tallest stool they could find.The first customers started milling in but froze when they saw the two stacking away in the Tavern. Lao and Seian looked at them, realizing how dumb and dangerous the wobbly stack of beer must have looked. "Oh, we might need to stop…"Effectively stuck without a mission or a bounty hunt to go on, Lao continued working with Seian, growing more fond of her every shift they managed the tavern. When they were working, Seian would drag him on a flight around the realm. A few times he had managed to fall asleep, making sure to wrap his arms around Seian's neck before falling asleep on her blue hair. One day, he woke up with his body on her front instead of her back, head nested within the crevice of her breasts. "You seemed so peaceful," she said, smiling wholesomely at him. Weirdly, he didn't even mind, nor care at all. Life was fine…That was, until one day Lao had come back from the Tavern. His bossu wanted to chew him out about Seian, saying that they couldn't keep eating the stored meat in her off time. Seian briefly apologized before flying off early, leaving Lao to walk home. I hadn't walked in days, he realized as he started down the path. Asking for a trip to the air had become second nature to him without him thinking about it. Was this what Sir meant?It felt hollow without her tagging along with on the trip home, like a friend that their parents came to get early. The trip up the spiral staircase to his room was silent, but once he got to his door he heard...scribbling. Confused he opened the door, seeing Seian sitting on the floor, pencil in claw as she drew on the paper. "Oh, hi Seian," he said, pleasantly surprised as he closed the door behind him. "H-hi!" She responded. "I asked for sketching materials if you don't mind…""No I don't. What are you sketching?""Well, I wanted to draw us…" she said, holding up what she had so far. Admittedly, it was pretty incomprehensible, with only the notion of what she was trying to draw being the only thing to clue him in that the scribbles were people. "H-how does it look?" she asked, a look on her face saying she knew full well how it looked."It's...a start," Lao responded, not wanting to her feelings. "So, talon drawing is your new thing?""I wouldn't need talons if I had hands, but yes, I always use them to carry things. Why not a pencil?" She kept going, Lao sitting beside her, watching her sketch out. Their shadows stretched and disappeared as day turned to night, but neither of them moved from their spot. It was as if everything had been tuned out for the sake of watching three claws stiffly move a pencil back and forth. Lao didn't notice anything until he felt a weight softly lean more against his shoulder. Seian had fallen asleep, snoozing peacefully against him. The pencil had dropped and rolled away. A quick glance outside showed that it was still in the first half of nighttime at least, as he couldn't see the moon yet. Her tiredness had seemed to rub off on her as he yawned. He lifted her up and laid her on the bed, climbing in next to her and falling asleep without bothering to change or anything.Soon after that day, Add lifted his ban on going on missions, but his superior had gotten what he wanted. Lao and Seian were now at the very least close friends, as they woke up, bathed, and enjoyed their free time by each other's side. Talking became not much more than a formality; seeing each other's presence was enough communication for both sides."Lao?" Seian asked one day while being given another bath. "Yes Seian?""I tried to make a loaf of bread yesterday, but…""You ended up burning it since you couldn't work the dials?" she nodded. "Well, it happens. I don't think the head chef was too happy about it though.""I just feel so...useless sometimes. I can't even give myself a bath as well as you do it…""Hey, you're not useless. You just have a different set of skills. Like flying and durability.""Durability?" Lao nodded. "You are a dragon.""Durability won't make me a wife.""Having hands won't necessarily make you a good wife either you know," he points out. "Besides, you don't have to force yourself to cook or do all the traditional things for me. Just be yourself. It's who I gained affection for, so why change?""I guess you're right…" She sank deeper into the warm bath until her nose was blowing bubbles into the soapy water. Lao made sense, she knew it, but it still nagged at her how little wings could do besides flying.She saw most of this contrast in her drawings. The materials weren't a problem; living in a castle tends to solve those problems. Every night, however, when they would come home and Seian would start to draw, her paper would end up looking no more professional than a child learning to scribble. Time gave and her talons slowly got better, but it was agonizingly slow and painful. In the middle of the night, she would slip out of the bed, adding the latest mistake to her growing pile of art. She was getting discouraged, and eventually, that discouragement seeped into everything else.She got silent during bathtime and during their fly-arounds, Lao not necessarily talkative enough to pick up the slack. The air between the two became awkward. Whenever Lao would try to cheer her up, she would be too in her own thoughts to notice. It continued on until she finally drew something. It was simple; a little stick figure sketch of the two of them holding hands. But to see it on paper, made by her was enough to cry. "It's cute," Lao said, having watched her slowly get better with her talons. "A-are you okay, you seem to have tears in your eye…""O-of course-" she said, her voice sounding broken. She carefully picked up the paper with her mouth, placing the paper within his hands. "May you please hang this up?" Lao nodded and went to get some tools, coming back with a frame and a hammer. With a few knocks and a nail, it hung above their bed for them to look at every night. "At this rate, you will be a great drawer Seian," he said giving her a hug. She nuzzled his neck while he embraced her, staring past him to the drawing above. "I think this one will be my favorite, Lao.""Mine too."The drawings started coming faster and faster. Seian was seemingly cheerful, and for another while, things were back to normal once more. "I'm heading out on a mission," Lao said, double-checking his things before leaving the room. Seian was still sitting under the covers since it was still early in the morning. "Will you be fine for a few days Seian?""Of course! When have I never been fine?" she joked. "One last kiss before you go?""Hmm...sure." he quickly ran over and pecked her on the cheek. "Will that do?""Oh yes, but may you do it..longer?" A bright red blush was on her face while she giggled. He giggled with her too before giving her the full kiss, then hurrying out to go attend on his mission. She waved him off up until the door had closed, leaving her in the room that was only dimly light by the early dawn. She clutched her blanket as she looked towards her lap. She knew what she must do; it was for the good of both of them, she thought.Yes, this must be done."Finally! A proper bounty hunt with ya!" Melisa exclaimed as they walked back to the castle. "Do you know how long it has been since I have had someone to paint the floor with blood with? Too long!""I'm just glad that king is safe. Mamono or not that demon was out of line. Who just stages a coup for no reason?""I'm all for it if it means more time to get paid with a partner. Speaking of which, I am going to go clean off the blood on my rapier. Do you want me to do your sword?""Sure. I'll meet up with you once you come upstairs." He tosses his sword to Melisa, who nods and turns away down another pathway while Lao continues on his way to the room. He wondered how much Seian would miss him! He certainly missed her, at least in the times he had to think about her. His thoughts were more and more about Seian the closer he got to his room until his skin was just itching to be able to cozy up with her again."Seian! I'm...home…." he saw a very pale Seian, coughing up blood on the floor and curled up in a ball. Beside her was a spilled vial of purple liquid that stained the carpet. "Seian!" he yelled, rushing over and crouching over her. "What happened!?""I….messed up hubby," she said. "M-messed up? Did someone attack you? Who was it I swear I'll…""I-it wasn't...anyone but me.""...what?" He had a look of fright and confusion. "But...how?""I….I'm sorry. I couldn't take it….I just wanted to do it...for you…" Even in her fading eyes, tears still ran down her cheek. Lao, having a realization. He checked the bottle, finding its label on the bottom. He read that was a transformation potion, but the label looked too flimsy to be legitimate. "I-I thought if I drank it I could grow arms, but I was...wrong…." Her wing touched Lao's cheek one last time, before she truly went limp."Seian? Seian wake up, please….Seian!" The door swung open, Melisa coming in concerned. "Lao, I know you are excited to see your dragon wife again, but…." he slowly turned around, his face a tear-stained mess as he held his dead wyvern close."Oh...I'm sorry for your loss," Melisa said, taking her hat down for him. "Are you alright?""...No…""I see," awkwardly, she sat beside him, slowly pulling him into a hug. "I'm sorry, I'm not good at grief and things."Sniff "It, is alright..." he said, but out of those three words, none of them had any meaning. "No it fucking isn't! My wife is bloody dead!" He exclaimed before crying into Melisa's shoulder.
  
    Chapter Text
    Drake.Another word he has sworn he has heard before. Only this time it is staying with him.It has been 3 days since Seian's official funeral. Lord Geo sanctioned it himself, paying for a tombstone engraving worthy of her. Despite his mood, the day was so sunny. Why was it so goddamn sunny today? It was like everyone and everything was happy except for him. Melisa and Add had joined him, but after the short prayer he simply went back to sleep in his room. Like he had done the days before the grave was prepared. Like he was doing now, still three days later.Drake.Something about that word has a negative connotation. He could feel it. Not necessarily the word itself, but what that word created. The feelings the word made him feel weren't just grief. They were alien, unfamiliar in a way that nothing in his vocabulary could describe. He waited for maybe another word from beyond the realm to help, but the only one that came was…Drake.It was a dragon maybe? A tiny myth overshadowed by other dragon species having the title of being monsterized. Usually meant a smaller dragon or a dragon without wings. Either way, it reminded him of Seian. Sigh.He hummed for a bit while he sulked. It found that after a while, it eased his mind. It distracted him from the pain he felt within his soul. Maybe this 'Drake' was related to music. If it was, it probably wouldn't be so bad. He didn't mind secular music, but he did hope for sacred...Drake.Door knocks rang but he didn't answer. He just wanted to be alone with himself, his memories...and drake. Drake was his counselor, his guide through the long road of grief. Drake was there when he tried to deny that she was truly gone. Drake was there when he needed some melody from a place his mind couldn't comprehend to calm his frustration. Drake was there to ground him when he thought he could appeal to forces that could do the godly work of bringing Seian back. Drake was there at his lowest point, giving him the strength to keep going when all seemed without light. Drake was there for his resolution.And then, Drake wasn't there.That word from another universe was the one thing Lao couldn't force away from him, and he accepted it for what it was. It was a sign that Seian will always be apart of him, but he needed to keep going. It was a sign that music is a powerful source of happiness.But most importantly, it was a sign that something was seriously off about him. Who just gets a word teleported into his head for three days straight? Something was obviously going on, or at least he needed mental help. Before he can start tackling that issue, however, he still needed to refocus himself. To do that, he needs to actually go outside for once.So he did. He casually strolled out, fully clothed and armed for a nice relaxing walk in the woods. He decided that the best thing was to find something new. The first thing he found was a bookshelf on his way out of the castle. He swiped one at random, becoming absorbed in the fantasy world of a young scientist out on an expedition. The next thing he found was a lake on a new path. It was a beautiful yet small thing, the sun gleaming off its surface and the dew around it. He decided it was nice enough to dip his lower legs into, taking off his shoes and rolling up his pants as he sat on the edge of the lake with his feet underwater. It was just as refreshing as he imagined, but a bit fuzzier…."Hey…" went a voice in front of him. He put down his book, seeing a bunyip that was as drenched as a kobold running through the rain. "Your feet...they are on my tail.""Oh, sorry." He lifted his legs up, the Bunyip sliding down beside him. "Thank you, I really wanted to say hi, but I couldn't being pinned down…""Oh, no I am not looking for a wife or a relationship right now," Lao said."That is fine! I was wondering about the book you were reading. I really like reading things," she said. "May I read with you?""Sure." He gave one half of the book for the bunyip to hold, holding the other half while they read in silence. It felt nice and quiet, but eventually, his butt started to feel numb from sitting or too long. "Already?" the bunyip said, looking disappointed as he started to get up. "Yep, nothing is stopping me today.""Booohooo. May I keep reading the book then?" Lao shrugged and gave her the book, sure that it had its fair bit of underwater protection embedded within the pages. "Thank you, um…""Lao.""Issia. Nice to meet you Lao.""Nice to meet you too Issia. Will I see you later?""Only if you come back for some more book time," she jested, sticking her tongue out as she sank back into the water. Lao went away laughing, feeling much better from the conversation already. I guess you can say that death or not, progress is Nonstop. Yes, I made that pun. Deal with it, I'm the fucking narrator!"Lao you are getting a class!" Marilyn said to him. She came out of literally nowhere, causing him to jump back a door opened in front of him. "What the fuck!?""Hey, don't start swearing now! We could lose the class.""What class!? How long were you there?""That isn't important, now come on!" She took him right outside of the town, where a group of orderite adolescents waited with guards. "Their chief god has given them her blessing, so now you are responsible for them.""I-I don't know the first thing about teaching…""Doesn't matter! Teach the kids how to be order-ish like you. I will be um…" she picks a random adolescent, draping her tail over his shoulder. "...be handling the 1 on 1 lessons.~"Of course, the next three classes Lao taught were total disasters. However, it wasn't because of his lack of experience. He already had his tolerance up from dealing with his sister. He also turned out to be a quick learner. Not perfect, but he was able to at least figure out how to coordinate the class for 5 minutes at a time. No, the problem was in his commander.The first class ended in this fashion; Marilyn came back without the kid, asking Lao if he needed to take a momentary bathroom break. He did actually need to relieve himself and nodded, leaving the class with the Commander. 10 minutes later, after a peaceful pee that turned into a long and arborous war with his bowels, he came back to them literally disappearing. His commander stating that they were caught by demonic forces. 'Nothing she could do', she says.The next unfortunate class was closely watched over, but eventually, the class had to end. Lao released them, coming back the next day to a completely new set of students. Again, those darn 'demonic forces' caught them. Marilyn had no other comment, but Lao wasn't as dumb enough to be fooled thrice.He didn't need to. The kitsune was a commander for a reason, which he saw on full display as she cherry-picked them one by one right before his eyes. New excuses were used each time, and just like that, more students would be gone from the class. Lao's anger had built up to a point where his white aura was on display, but even subconsciously tapping into spirit energy reserves at full strength can't keep a group of twenty safe forever. This time, the obvious lie was that darn Sabbath that just happened to be nearby. He has been here long enough to know to ask which one is stationed near, but there was no answer. At this rate, he couldn't manage a class of 20.He could, however, manage a class of three. "Good morning La-" Marilyn's cheerful pace stopped as she saw only one, measly girl there. "Where are the rest!?" Lao shrugged, idly sipping on her cup of coffee upon a stump. "I thought having only three would be good practice. So, I asked Add and Melisa to do some running around." On that note, a meteor was spotted in the sky, coming crashing down upon Lao, Marilyn, and the girl."Captain, is that my teammate?" the girl asked, not even fazed a bit by the ball of golden flames coming down. All three watched as the mass of destruction slowed and faded away, leaving behind two Valkyries in their place. One was larger, holding a gleaming sword who's length dwarfed her large stature. Her breastplate and thigh-concealing boots, in addition to the grey and gold, had sharp corned lines of red. Her blue eyes seem to pierce into the souls of everyone there, judging them; especially the kitsune. She had four graceful wings - two appearing layered on the forefront pair - instead of the normal two. Her hair was put into two shoulder-draping locks, the rest flowing behind her freely. "Tail trap...do you feel safe here little one? We are not obligated to continue further." The smaller valkyrie she was talking to had the normal valkyrie aesthetic to her, but instead of the normal color, her armor was themed black, along with the handle to her ax. Her facial features were akin to the larger Valkyrie. "Yes mother, I will be fine.""A creature from heaven!?" Marilyn said, her jaw-dropping."And also an incubus," Melisa's voice went as she emerged from behind the shadows of the woods holding a boy. His purple hair reflected itself in his ears, paws, and tail. He was a werewolf incubus, who wore the most spottable things on him. His pants had tiny holes that seemed to pepper the pants at random his jacket being high-collared until the edge reached up to his eyes. He had bandage wraps on the left wrist and an armband on his left arm. Around his neck were a thin black collar and a chained necklace. It was a wild look, but at least it wasn't the worst thing to wear in a temperate climate.Which left the only normal cadet under Lao to not get their looks described. Her blonde hair was in a ponytail, capped off with a small and modest bonnet adorned on her head. Her body was completely covered by the one-piece long sleeve dress over her body, A large red line going down her middle, and red on her wrist cuffs and outlining the bottom end that reached down to the topside of her feet. She had one large brown satchel with her, hanging from her shoulder and crossing through the valley on her small chest."Now that we are all here, shall we begin with introductions?" The valkyrie floated over and landed next to the girl, while the werewolf incubus was dragged over by Melisa. "I better get paid for this. He was kicking and screaming the entire way here," the dhampir commented. He snarled and turned away from him, Melisa mocking his irritation on her way out."Well then, who wants to go first?" Lao seemed either or unfazed or uncaring about Melisa's plight. The girl raised his hands first. "I would like to go. So, my name is Elizabeth, but if you want you can call me Liz. And…" she dug into her satchel, taking out two cookies for her new mates. "...I brought snacks.""Receptive. Is that all?" She nodded, tossing a cookie to the wolf boy than to the valkyrie. The wolf boy caught it, taking a large bite out of it. "I guess I will go next then," he said, finishing his cookie. "I, for one, don't want to be here, but the bitch said that it was either here or 'laying in a river with holes through my chest.'""Woof," Lao said."Don't do that!" He snapped. "Look, I don't know you who you are, but some petty human isn't going to phase me. This cat…""Dog.""Shut up it's a metaphor, is alone…""Lone wolf," Lao said, turning towards you, the reader, with a classic Jim face."Take me seriously or I will hurt you.""Please do try. It is your first lesson after all. But first…" he turned his attention to the Valkyrie, hiding her face while her mother had his commander pinned on the ground. "We have one last person.""Right…" she stood up, reaching behind her back before taking out a small, two-side ax. In her hand, it grew from the size of glass to as large and as tall as her. "My name is Valhalla." She answered like a soldier, slamming the handle end into the ground then kneeling. "Relative of the hammer valkyrie. I am young, but I am at your beck and call.""At ease," Lao said. She stood up and sat back down. "There is no need to refer to me so formally. I am your teacher.""Does that mean you can make her suck your cock or else she wouldn't pass?" the wolf boy remarked before being beaned with the cookie Valhalla had."My captain, can my first order be to hit this vulgar creature?""No. He hasn't even told me his name yet.""Smh, no need," the wolf boy said standing up. "As soon as the vampire's gone I'll be out of your hair. I don't need a lot like you all.""Melisa also doesn't need her cut of the pay. I told her, just in case, that I wouldn't give her anything if who she brings escapes. You are going to be stalked for a while.""That's funny, very." The incubus started walking away, suddenly yelling in pain as a bear trap snapped over his leg. "I also didn't give her any restrictions. She is free to use anything as long as it isn't debilitating or lethal." As he howled over the pain in his leg, he caught a glimpse of her red eyes glowing in the cover of the forest. The bear trap released itself before it dug in too deep, but a stream of blood was already flowing from his lower leg."Anyways, onwards to the first lesson. As we just met, I want to use today to establish our dynamic. As of today, you three are a team." Lao turned to Elizabeth, who was rifling through her satchel. "You there, you said you had experience with tending to wounds?""Yep!" she pulled out a bottle of water with some bandaid wrap for the wolf boy's injuries. Once she got over to him she went to work, cleaning his wound then wrapping around it. His cries turned into a resentful whimper, his head falling down into her lap. "It is as easy as making bread!""Good, you will be the healer of the group. The wolf of beartrap street and Valhalla's job will be partially to protect you, as you keep them able to fight. Valhalla, you and your ax will be the main source of power and attack. The boy, should he decide to stay, would be the middle ground.""With that said, attack me." He double-checked that he has his weapons on him, then waited. "Take as long as you want, I have time to wait. You might even catch me off guard." Lao sidestepped as a branch came crashing down on where he was standing. The boy had yanked it from somewhere, rearing it like a bo staff. "Not like that, however. You thought I wouldn't notice that incubus?""You're within my range!" Undeterred, he made a jab at the center of Lao's chest. He wasn't fast enough as Lao leaped over him and landed. "Where's your weapon? All you have is a girthy branch.""I never had one, nor needed." The wolf boy spun the branch around. "That's the difference between you and me. I am the woods! This is my domain! I'll have you down on the ground in one mome- hugh!" Lao suddenly rushed him, hitting him in the liver and sending him crumpling down to the ground. "If you are going to monologue do it somewhere else. No serious encounter would ever give you time to talk as long as you did." Lao looked at the other two, who had stood up but were just standing around. "Are you going to help him?""Y-yes!" Elizabeth said, taking out a sewing needle then throwing it to him. It was too thin for him to snag, embedding itself into his arm. "You carry needles with you?""I like sewing." She pulled out more to throw while Valhalla flew forward, bringing down her ax on Lao. Smiling, he waited for her to get closer, watching the needles fly into Valhalla's armor. "Agh!" Seeing her distracted by the pain, he swung into her cheek, the faceplate keeping her from feeling most of it as she was sent floating back into a tree. The rest of the needles went into Lao's arms before Liz ran out. "Oh no," Lao looked over his arms, drops of blood poking through the sleeves of his robe. He started walking slowly towards Liz, each step making the fear in her eyes more apparent. She frantically dug for more items, throwing cookies that broke against him like glass. "Oh no, oh no, oh ah!-" her legs caught the sides of a wolf boy still clutching his stomach. She fell over him, Lao's arm full of bloody needles hovering over her head. "Out of all the three, the healer did the most damage….that is a tragedy." He karate chopped Elizabeth's shoulder, leaving a few drops of his blood behind along with the blow."I need to go patch myself up. It was pretty creative to throw needles, even if it might have been throwing stuff at a wall. Wait here, and come up with a plan for when I get back." Valhalla watched from a different spot as he walked away whistling. "We were terrible," she sighed, landing beside Elizabeth and the wolf boy. "Captain Lao is right, we need a plan.""Maybe we rush him together?" Elizabeth suggested, but their train of thought was interrupted by the groaning again. "For the love of- get up, you were only hit in the liver," Valhalla demanded. "Shut up, it hurts…""So does getting knocked in the mouth, but do you see me whining on the floor like a dog?""Don't say dog!" He sat up, locking his head with Valhalla's. "It is demeaning and I will not stand for it!""So is indicating I'm a slut, but if you pay with your castration maybe I'll consider letting you!""Both of you be quiet," Elizabeth butted in. "We aren't going to get anywhere if you two arguing.""Then I guess I'll be somewhere else." He got up, trying his best to hide the dull pain he was experiencing as he sat on the opposite side of the area. "Liz, when you're ready to step away from this zealot and be cool, call me.""Can you take care of my sweet little Holi for a while?" Di asked Virto. By her side was a child version of the automaton, her smug look replaced by a smile of childlike wonderment. "She even comes with her own iiiiice~" Virto had a towel around his waist and one over his head, clearly having just gotten out of the shower. "Maybe, how much Ice?""Just one!" She motioned to a tiny person that was tucked in Holi's hair, a little blue fellow that smiled just as bright as Holi."Why is she a kid?""This is no time for logic Virto, a dragon must be walked. You wouldn't want a dragon to go without its exercise with her favorite mistress would you?""...I was gonna make pasta with Vargas.""You can still do that! But with them." The celestial pushed them both forward."Alright.""Ah, what was that?""...Yes Mistress Di." she booped him on the nose. "Thank you! I would pat you for your reward but you just came out of the shower. Too much water is bad for stars you know. Last time a sun got too much water, the municipal water department had to step in!" The door closed behind her, leaving Virto with the two he was going to babysit now. "So...you two like pasta?"The snoring wolf-boy was poked with a stick, stirred awake as Elizabeth continued prodding his cheek. A small grin formed on his face as he looked at her golden hair drape down over her. "So beautiful, you finally came to your senses?" Liz sat down beside him, giving him a glass bottle of milk. "Oh, thanks…""Why won't you tell us what your name is?" She asked. "Don't you like us?""I like you, but that other brat is annoying." He sat up straight stared off at the shrubbery, taking a swig of his milk. "This tastes good.""Can you tell me your name then?""Only if you promise to be my fucktoy.""Val said not to agree to that if you asked." Confused, He looked at Valhalla, seeing her meditating by herself. His first plan ruined, he looked down at the bottle of milk. "How much can you keep in your satchel?""Quite a lot!" She took out another bottle of milk. "Do you like it? it is quite spacious.""I could care less, but…" he leaned beside her ear. "If you could keep the snacks coming, I'll tell you my name.""Deal!""Great, great, my name is Jacob then." Elizabeth grabbed his paw hand, shaking it. "Nice to meet you Jay!""Jay, short of Jacob, I like it!""I can see that much, your tail is wagging!" She reached over to pat it and his ears. "You ears are perking up too." He scooted back but was quickly caught by her quickness. He felt like was being tickled, clutching his lap while his extra features wiggled under her fingers. "Hey, sto- haha, s-stop it, hey! I swear I'll bark in your ear!""I'll stop if you try to get along with Val!" She was laughing along, moving to go rub her thumbs against his palms. "Fine just stop!" He yanked his paw away, begrudgingly going over to Valhalla. "Yo." The valkyrie seemed to dismiss him, her focus directed towards maintaining the golden glow around her. "Hey, I'm saying hello to you.""Quiet...do not disturb it.""It?" Elizabeth asked."On my back, it." They walked around behind her, spotting a small purple dragon clawing its way to the top of her. Each huff it puffed let out a small green flame, lasting only a moment before the next breath came. Valhalla's armor made it hard to keep purchase where she was, so it was climbing further up her body. Liz grabbed it from under its forearms, gently lifting it to the top of Val's glowing body."What have you done?" Val asked quietly."It just looked so adorable. Why not place it on top of you, isn't that right cute dragon?""No, you don't understand, I am sure that this is just a mamono that has come to corrupt me.""Oh give it a break Val," Jacob said, digging into Liz's satchel for a cookie. "Just because it is living doesn't mean it will suddenly turn into a big titty waifu." As soon as he said that, the dragon indeed poofed into a big tittied dragon girl, now hugging Val from behind while her breasts were smushed against her armor. "See what you did stupid incubus?" Val said. She turned her head away, narrowly missing a lick up her cheek. Jacob just laughed, leaning on Elizabeth and munching his cookie while watching her struggle with the dragon. The dragon continued to felt up her armor, pulling upwards to lift her from her seat. The dragon's strength won out in the end, as she left up then slammed back down into the ground. Now Valhalla was the one with ground leverage, but the damage had been done. Thanks to her armor, the only thing she could feel was a weight along her back, but now she was turned into a bed. "Get off or I'll smite thee!" She exclaimed, holding out her hand beyond the dragon's reach. The dragon girl yawned, only shuffling further onto her."Can valkyries even smite people or are they empty threats," Jacob asked. Elizabeth didn't know herself, but she saw clouds forming above them. They swirled around like a cyclone, yellow lightning jumping around through the darkening clouds. Jacob and Elizabeth started backing up, the dragon girl staring up towards the sky to watch the event. She smiled while a bolt of yellow lightning struck down on her and the Valkyrie under her."Ha! Ahaha!" Val cackled. "I tried to warn this fool. Really, mamono are idiotic." Her glee was broken by two flaps of the dragon's wings blowing the dust away, the being still there with a toothy smile and purple scales that were barely affected. "What?" Val seemed deflated. Jacob, however, could barely hold in his laughter, gagging himself with Liz's clothing."Fine then, I'll get my ax!" Val reached behind her back for it, but with how small it was she ended up touching the dragon's breasts before feeling the blade. "Blasphemy…""Do you want us to help?" Liz asked her. "I'm sure Jacob and I can pry her off.""Ah, who's Jacob? He sounds like a…" the wolf boy sat in front of her face, smiling. "...oh, it is alright Elizabeth, I don't require assistance.""No, no, you want help right?""I would die before I received help from you.""I can wait that long, or, you can apologize for all the times you have called me bad names.""You are still a corrupted being.""So what! Do you think being pure is any better? Oh look at me, I'm Val. I am so pure that I can turn a-" Another bolt of lightning struck beside him, causing him to jump back. "Help me or this time it wouldn't be a warning bolt!""Alright then, no need to burn my tail…" he went to a tree and knocked off a larger branch, tossing it back and forth between his hands. "Try finding a sensitive spot, somewhere that would hurt.""No shit." He reared back, deciding on the dragon's horns. The dragon watched, trailing her fingers in circles on Val's helmet. "I need a line that sounds good before I hit her," Jacob said."Sound the horns?" Liz said."No, that is more for a siege.""How about 'Forget about the line and just get her off me'?" Val said sarcastically."No, too long. I will just wing it later." He lined himself up with the dragon's horns, powering into a baseball-like swing. It looked fast and accurate enough to knock the horn clean off, but in the instant before contact, the dragon charred the branch to brittle bits."Well, my swing lost its fire." He was pulled under by the dragon girl, quickly shoved under beside Valhalla trapped under the weight. "Sup Val.""You are an idiot.""Takes an idiot to know an idiot. Well Liz, it's all up to you now," Jacob said. "Please hurry, Val smells terrible.""Ugh." Ignoring her disgust she focused on the human. "Elizabeth dear, do you have anything else in your satchel?""Sorry Val, it's all just cookies and milk it seems, and some other mindless things," The dragon's turned to the satchel upon hearing milk, starting to shift off the two under her. "Liz it's working!" Jacob yelled, still held down with a stiff arm."Hey, I have a nice full bottle of milk for you." She backed up, holding a new bottle in her hand. The dragon motioned her over, not willing to get off just yet. "Come on, I have more the closer you get to me instead." It had turned into a standoff, Jacob and Valhalla waiting patiently under the dragon girl's claws as Elizabeth revealed more milk bottles with each passing second. The girl stopped once she had laid out 10 bottles, still clearly having more in her void of a satchel. "Well?" The dragon paused, debating in her head whether or not to push for the bottles. The deal felt in the back; there was no viable way that she could get the bottles without letting go of both of them.However, she was a creature strong enough to lift the weight of a human with ease. An armored valkyrie and incubus proved no struggle for her as she started running towards Elizabeth. The weight dragged down her speed, but the 10 bottles of milk were now hers, with Jay and Val pinned down in a new spot. She lifted each with her tail, emptying all of the bottles in quick succession. "Darn it!" Elizabeth exclaimed as she took out two, this time holding them in her hands. "How about this huh? You can't catch me at that speed!" The dragon got up and ran again, Elizabeth running in circles from her. I'll get caught probably, but then they would be free! She thought to think she had the solution.Her body did not disagree. No matter how much faster she was, she had less stamina. The dragon started gaining on her, still running at the same speed as before with two hostages in toe. As a last-ditch effort, Elizabeth tried suddenly changing direction, but the dragon's tail was able to catch her change in direction. It sloppily wrapped around her leg and tugged, making her tumble to the ground. The milk bottles were wrung free and broke on contact with the ground, and the dragon turned and pinned Liz with her teammates before she could get away again."Sorry Val and Jacob," she said. "I couldn't lure her right." She closed one eye while the dragon licked up some milk drops that had spilled on her cheeks. "At least she is still adorable.""We are still going to be stuck here," Jacob said."And corrupted. I can't believe I'll be defiled in my first class," Valhalla added."If I had to be stuck and or corrupted with anyone, I'm glad it's together with you two," Elizabeth said, reaching a hand to scratch the dragon's chin in the meantime. "Wait, together! What if we push her off together? Captain Lao did say we had to work together.""Do you really think me, an incubus, and a human could work together?" Val inquired."Well, if Lao decided to teach us three, there must be something he sees in us! Come on." Liz turned to face the dragon. "Sorry, but may I have your name?""Fallen, and you can't push me off,""She could talk?" Val and Jay both said astonished. Liz just chuckled. "Of course she could, she's not an animal.""Hey, I pride myself in being a good dragon!" Fallen seemed offended. "Why didn't you ask me before?""It's alright, I'm sure they didn't mean it Fallen. We are going to try to push you off now." All three of them put their hands on the dragon's body. With three against one, which side was stronger ceased to matter. Elizabeth kept her occupied by scratch her ears and rubbing her head, while the others used their species-given strength to push her to the side. With one last heave, they slide her fully of them, quickly getting up before they could get pinned again. "See, we did it!""You guys didn't do it, I let you," Fallen rebutted, showing a vibrating collar on her neck. "Master calls me.""Aw, oh well, it was swell having you with us. Do come again.""If Master lets me, I would love to!" With that she flew away, leaving a starry trail of purple behind her. It looked beautiful, like a shooting star returning to where it came."I hope she doesn't come back," Valhalla says once she's out of earshot. "She bit my neck. I think she was trying to claim me.""To be fair, I was already corrupted," Jacob said. Elizabeth then looked around, suddenly realizing that something was missing. "Wait, have either of you seen Lao?""Not sure, he hasn't come back now that I think about it....""Lord Geo. I don't mean to be rude, but I merely wanted to heal my arm, not be put in a dress." Lao looked anxious about it, the succubus fitting him raising his hands to measure the arm length. "It was this or chess. You chose the mystery box thinking it was faster. What do you think Witness, is this faster?" Geo looked to his side, The dragon watching the dress be fitted on Lao. "Just a bit. Although, it doesn't seem it would work for your lover Geo. Notice how the extra tail bit drips down? Doesn't he like more exposing things?""There is a subtle difference between Riley exposing and Riley teasing, and he loves to do the latter. Gets me aroused every time.""I concur, Add does the same thing~""Please, do not talk about Sir like that. It's awkward," Lao blurted out. Geo took a sip from his chalice. "Silly Lao, you will understand soon enough. For now, I have one last one I wanted to try before returning the dresses…""Ugh…"
  
    Chapter Text
    "So, what book are we reading today?" Issia asked, popping out of the pond. She had spotted him on his walk towards his class, reading something in his hands. "Book two in the saga," he responds, holding out his hands for the first book."Oh come on, I have only finished this one once…""That is alright, but I'm not giving you this one until you give me that one." He cups his hand a few times for emphasis. Issia disappeared under the water, popping back up with the first book protected by a bubble. "You're so mean," she jokingly said, tossing the bubble and its cargo to him. Lao tucked the wet book into his blue coat, pulling down his hoodie and going to the water edge to sit with her. "Is this the face of my dealer?" she asked. "Or another mask like those really weird bounty hunters?""Real face. Let's hurry through this one, I have something to attend to…"Lao squeezed out the ends of his clothing on his way. I had gotten too close to the edge, he thought to himself, getting the last drops he could twist out before giving up and letting the day take care of the rest. He was the first one to get to the group's established clearing; not even Valhalla was diligent enough to be here yet (not that he had told her the time he comes). He dug around the bushes before finding an ax that he had stashed here, using the time to himself to chop down a few trees. To him, there was nothing like watching the morning dew shakedown while he buried a blade into a trunk. It was fine for stress, and"A lovely way to make more space for exercises. Superior to even the coffee in the castle," a sultry voice said in front of him. "That is what you're thinking right?"His hand on his gun, he peeked around the tree bark, seeing a dark blue being dotted with flecks of light. Her skin literally twinkled like the night sky, and her hair and dress flowed gracefully and as slow as molasses. "Next you will ask, what are you?""Actually the word 'Jojo' comes to mind, but you are a lilim aren't you?""Oh….just getting to the point are we?" She stepped out from behind the tree, sitting on nothing but thin air. "Maybe I should end this season early since you want to be so smart, just take you to Virto and-""Wait, Virto!?""Woops, I triggered your memories." She tapped his head, a brief flash showing up on his head. He blinked twice then shakes head, suddenly getting a headache. "Wait...why is a Lilim in front of me? You took my memory didn't you!?""Yes, yes I did." Under her alluring exterior, she blew a loud sigh glad she had saved the story. "I have a pet see? One that I love to the ends of the universe...it seems she has taken a toy of her own. One of the students if I recall her words...but more importantly, she told me about you, dear."Lao put his hand on his revolver, getting a weird case of deja vu. "No need to shoot me yet Lao, I haven't even gotten to the juuuuicy part~" The strange-looking lilim started circling him like a lion that had cornered a zebra. "I know someone that knows you, and I know that you could be looking for him. Doesn't a silhouette come to mind occasionally? Perhaps, in your sleep?""No, why would…" He thought back to the first time it had happened, back when he was just an orderite fighting off a dark elf."You trailed off. I hit a nail, didn't I? Aren't you curious to see what you are thinking about?""No, not from you." The last thing he wanted to do was to make a deal with her, as mysterious as she was being. "I can't trust you at all.""Oh, but you can. Anyone trusts me after a while. Besides, my terms are very….simple~. You let me toy with you for a bit, and I will let you see your mystery person. No word spin, no hidden terms. Everything I say, even the last sentence will be binding." She holds her hand out, a blue flame surrounding it."I said no. Back off," he stated, more firmly this time."Oh dear, what will it take to convince you? Money? Power? Money and Power? I can give you anything you wish right now." Unwilling to take her seriously, Lao thought of the most bizarre thing he could think of in the moment. "Fine then, I want my weapons to be able to choose between harming in the normal way and demon realm way...and a lifetime supply of coffee.""That is it?" She said, snapping her fingers. "Check your pockets." Lao complied, finding a small container of coffee grounds tucked neatly away. "It refills infinitely and changes to whatever flavor you wish. I do use 'you' in the sense of your heart, however, but that is how it usually is with demands this obscure." Next Lao checked his weapons. His guns were now a mix of white, red, and yellow, with his ammo being divided accordingly. His sword had been given a button on the handle in the same scheme. "Just as you asked, with an additional setting an orderite might love.""I…." he pressed the button on the sword, seeing it glow white. Pressing it again made it glow red, and once more turned it yellow, before cycling back to white."Is it not to your liking? I can no longer retract the wish, but you are always free to ask for an adjustment.""Wait, what do you mean you can no longer retract the wish? I was-""Joking? For someone that correctly out my species that was your lapse? I guess nobody is perfect." She slid up the arm sleeve on her dress, the skin turning opaque long enough to show a blue symbol imprinted on her wrist. "Now then, the deal has been done.""We never shook hands you bastard!" Lao took out his gun, taking what looked to be a yellow outlined yellow and loading it into the gun. He quickly put the round in her neck. Watching it sizzle as it burned wherever it touched. Despite it, she seemed unfazed, even more, animated while she laughed in his face. "I never said it had to be the hand that was shaken for the deal to be made," she retorted back with a bit of a demonic tone added to her voice. "You're mine Lao, and I am yours. If you wish to free from this deal, then by blade or by fang, your voice shall ring nevermore!" With that, she disappeared, leaving behind tiny stars that floated down and disappeared onto the ground."God-" Lao pulled up his own sleeve, seeing the same symbol form on his wrist as well. Hopelessly, he tried scratching and wiping it off, but nothing could get it from his skin. "Damnit.""Captain!" Valhalla went as she landed in front of him. "I am here to be taught once again!""...Class is canceled.""What?" Val said. "But it is only the second day!""Tell the others, you three self-train! I need to tend to a matter!" Lao hurried off, leaving Valhalla behind."Captain!" She yelled after, but Lao had already run off. "Damnit...who's the leader of us then?"Lao knocked on Melisa's cabin frantically, not stopping onto the door was yanked open. "Melisa!" He yelled, noticing how she had a cloth covering her mouth. "I need your help." She didn't talk back to him. Her eyes were too busy trying to bore holes through his body. "Melisa, you're staring at me weird, quit that." She slammed the door back without a word, but Lao stuck his foot between it and the doorway. "This is important!""So is this. Leave.""No I will not." Lao pulled up his sleeve, showing the blue symbol."So what, you got cursed.""By a lilim!""You got severely cursed. Then deal with it." She closed the door again, making sure to kick his foot out so it will close. "Wait...ok. I guess I can ask Sir what the line meant. What was it again...by blade by fang her voice doesn't ring…" The door opened again while he was trying to remember. Melisa looked down at him on the steps, removing the cloth from her mouth. Strings of blood came off with it, her teeth absolutely soaked in the red substance. "Where did you hear that? Not that I care or anything...""The lilim that cursed me told me," he said. "Right before she disappeared." She growled, slamming the door again. He was left to wait through an awkward few minutes before she came out holding her cape and rapier in her arms. "Right when I was preparing a meal to bring to Father...I fucking hate Lilims.""Do you know something?" He asked."Do I know? My mother would repeat that stupid line every day at least once, twice if my father was feeling less...subby. 'The Aristocracy lives on, beyond me, beyond you, and beyond our kin…'"…"You should remember this well, little sapling," her mother said to her. Melisa was tuning her out, carving a drawing into the table until her finger was caked with blood and sphincters. "Melisa! Pay attention when I tell you things!" her mother walked behind her, yanking her daughter's hands up from the table. "Why do you restrict yourself to this table? Now I have to pick all these out for you again!""I don't care," Melisa said. That table was one of the few things in the house that her father made, strong crafted with deep screws and birch soft enough to dig a fingernail through. It was her favorite place to stay, despite all the paper that she could get in the town. Her mother peered over what she had done to this time, seeing a crude vine wrapped around a funny-looking shape. "What terrible thing have you done this time?""It's a heart," she answered quietly. "Well, it's a terrible heart. It would look much better on anything other than this dumb table. Why don't we get a new table for y-""NO! This is the only table I like!""It is rough and disgusting. Your father's mistake was choosing the wrong wood, just like I chose the wrong wood to use…"…"Melisa, you didn't finish the line." Melisa looked back at Lao, then her finger. She tried to shake the memory, but now that it was here, it was clinging on like a toddler who had found his mom. "Melisa?" he asked again."...I know where we need to go, but Geo need's to come with us." She tied the rapier to her waist, taking out the meat and throwing it in the back of the cabin. "The Lilim might want you to go into Vampire territory.""Why Geo?" he asked. "He seems unnecessary for a trip.""He is very necessary. Both of you, actually.""What of Sir?""What of him? Are you insinuating I am his lover? You think just because his blood is rare and a delicacy I have wed him?" Lao shook his head, not meaning anything like that at all. "That is what I thought, because I would have to skewer you if you did."With that settled, the two went to get Geo, meeting him outside of his usual spot upstairs. He was in the garden instead, watching the aluranes dance around in their pitches of nectar. "Oh, have you come for the show as well?" he asked. Melisa undrew her rapier and held it against Geo's neck. The tip flexed as it prodded his skin. "Melisa if you wanted me for something you could just ask.""We are going to my mother's house. I will get killed if I step foot near that place, which is why you are going to escort me." Geo shrugged, standing up and stretching himself. "Are you going to kill me if I don't?""No, because you are going to go," Melisa repeated, looking around to think if she forgot a word. "Please.""There it is love. Lead the way!" Now with omnibus in tow, the Dhampir led them on a perilous journey through the lands, encountering side quests and fighting nature. The trail they blazed will be remembered for centuries to come, but more importantly, they made enough goodwill to be able to eat for free along the way. Three bosses and several loaves of bread later, they reached the vampiric realm that Melisa had hailed from. It was not the worst realm to deal with, but it was nothing to be scoffed at. "It seems nothing had changed," Melisa commented while they found a walking trail to the city. The changes between locations could be physically seen, with animals that they found becoming more and more demonic until most were mamono. "Ah, so you brought me along to keep Lao human?" Geo asked."No, I brought you along because of that." Once they were in view, she pointed at two guards at the gate. "This place is part of the aristocracy, which means there is guaranteed to be a vampire around that will notice new blood." Geo thought to himself, before snapping his fingers. A lightbulb went off in his head. "I see, so diplomacy!""Yes. Also Lao, don't fuck any of them.""Why would I-""No excuses! Now then, let's go." Melisa walked ahead, being in clear view of the gate instead of trying to sneak by. The two people on guard watched her walk closer, then crossed their spears to block her math. "Halt.""Yes, yes I know, you need to sniff my neck." She turned and pulled down her collar, the guard leaning forward. "Weird, you smell...oh my- YOU SHOULD BE DEAD!" She jumped back, getting poised to attack with her spear out in front of her." The other guard, confused, started coming closer to get context on the smell."Don't do it! She might have come back for revenge!" The first guard said. Melisa rolled her eyes, piercing herself with her rapier until her blood had gathered on the tip. "Now you don't have to approach.""Alright, but if you thrust that blade…" the second guard took her gander, sniffing the blood then covering her nose. "I-it's your mum's blood..""Yes, I am the Dhampir that killed her mom. But!" She pointed towards Geo and Lao. "I have been punished by them since I decided to take refuge in their realm.""What makes you think we would believe your murderous hind?" The 2nd guard question, lining up beside her partner. Melisa held up her cape, showcasing the New Order emblem etched into the fabric. "It is legitimate.""I still should kill you!" Went the first guard. The second guard put her hand over the first guard's spear. "Wait, we can't kill diplomats. We will get in trouble.""No we won't, she isn't a diplomat! She is a previously wanted and late felon!""Actually," Geo piped up. "She is a diplomat. Isn't that right Lao?" Lao nodded in agreement."Tsk…" The first guard looked visibly frustrated, held back by the laws of inter-faction relations from driving her blade through Melisa's chest. "Fine, but good luck getting through the rest of the town. I expect the Dhampir to come out in a body-sized bag, this lord to be wedded by a vampire…and you, hooded 'Lao'. I see you being stuck under a mamono's semen-covered pantyhosed foot.""He won't, I told him not to fuck vampires, right Lao?" Lao nodded again, still lacking any other information as to why she kept telling him that. The two guards begrudgingly stepped aside, leaving the trio to enter the walls of the city. "That was easy," Geo said. "So I just need to tag along with you and Lao and things should go smoothly?""Not exactly..." Melisa said. "Lao, you need to go to my mother's house. We are going to split up here.""What?" Lao was confused. "First you tell me to not get in bed with anyone, twice, then you ask for me to find your mother's house?""I'll put the instructions in your blood. Don't argue." She lifted Lao's arm and rolled up his sleeve, slowly sinking her teeth in to inject a bit of venom. It made him shudder as if a breeze had gone through, but just like the wind, it passed in a moment. "I want you to retrieve a table for me. Feel free to take anything else you see as well.""Fine, fine." Lao turned around, getting the feeling he should take the side road here and following it. "Oh, and Lao?" he turned back around, seeing Melisa still staring at him. "What?""Thanks." She turned and went away with Geo towards some other destination, leaving Lao to continue onto his. He was getting the feeling that something was off about her, but his mind was being too occupied with directions to think about it. A left here, continuing down until seeing a shop, going over the stream bridge, it all made no sense to him, yet he kept going. Soon he had no idea how to get out of town, leaving him to only continue on following his subconscious.The venom had taken him to a house that looked abandoned. There were signs over it warning of trespassing, but according to the venom, he should be fine. He lingered around to wait for an opening, then casually walked in like he was coming back from work. The door creaked as he opened it. It shut it behind him, and it took him a while to find light since the windows had wood nailed over it. He found a pack of candles and lit on, finding that he was in the kitchen of the house. "So that's where the table is," he said, seeing a wooden table immediately. It looked big enough for only four people, and a yard tall. There were scratches and marks all over it, overshadowing all the other wear and tear. How he was going to get it out conspicuously could be dealt with later.Now to look for clues he thought, first poking around the kitchen for anything that might trigger her voice or the symbol. No luck in the kitchen; every cupboard appeared to have been cleared out a while ago if the dust was anything to go off of. Inspecting the chairs and the countertops didn't yield anything abnormal as well. The next room to check was the living room. He couldn't help but wonder what it would have appeared as if there were still families living here, seeing the curvy lines sculpted into the corners of the walls and ceiling.A fireplace was the centerpiece of it all, with all the chairs and objects placed in a semi-circle around it. He poked his candle as he looked under the objects, catching spots of carpet left decolored by blood. He found more in the fireplace, kicking away some small logs to find a brown-red cloth stashed behind it all. "I guess being undead means you can stick your hand through fire."The next room to hit was one he did not know what it was called. It was a room full of mirrors, clawed at and also stained with spots of blood. Random wavy lines of a slight portion of the mirrors showed that someone had tried to clean it before just leaving it as it is. Imagining how the blood probably smelled just made him want to leave. He thought he finally felt something from his wrist, drawing back his sleeve to check on his symbol, but it turned out just to be an itch. It was getting frustrating, and he only had one room left.If the blood on the mirror was unsettling, the bedroom was hell for anyone with hemophobia. There was so much of the red life water. It pretty much painted itself over the bed, looked splattered from there onto the ground. Fingerprints all over the walls showed a struggle, and there was one silhouette on the bed, free of blood that was ambiguous but looked just big enough to fit one certain dhampir's father. How in the bloody hell did a murder get this messy?The only thing stronger than the foul assault on his nose was how pointless it felt searching the room. Nothing popped up as he searched object after object. He even wasted his strength moving the bed, hoping for a secret passage or hidden object. Nothing. It made him want to swear hard, but he had saved the most mysterious place for last, the closed closet to the side.Taking a deep breath, he opened the door, seeing a casket laid flat inside. It was the only thing without dust, still gleaming like a gold nugget among clumps of dirt. On top of it were a cotton cape and a suit of blue armor. It seemed like a trap to him, but wouldn't you know; the only thing he didn't want to poke around turned out to be the one he should, as his wrist vibrated. The vibrations got more intense the closer he held his hands to the objects until his arms were shaking around as if they were left out in winter."I guess all I have to do is take these objects then." He picked up armor and cape, holding them away from his body just in case. The signal started glowing, vibrating a cheerful rhythm before settling back down. "Wonderful, you figured it out!" went the lilim's voice from his wrist. "Did the vibrations feel nice? I know I enjoyed them, it means my show is starting~""This was terrible, I had to dig around in blood." He raised the two objects. "Is this all you needed from me?""Admittedly yes, but the real show is about to begin~." Not caring for it, he started to leave the room but felt a blade pierce straight through his left leg. "Naniii!?""Yes, you really think I wouldn't know you won't fall for the 'free armor' trick? No, they were gifts of goodwill. But I did a bit more my plaything. I brought you a nice friend~" His eyes quickly tracked the blade, following to a pale blue arm from a tiny opening in the casket. A red eye poked through the casket with glee. "Blood~""That is right Lao! You've seen the daughter, you have seen the father, and now coming into the ring, blue as a yuki-onna, and as busty as a foreign exchange student..." she announces, Lao drawing his blade to catch a jab towards his neck. The rapier retreats, back into the casket as the lid opens, showing an undead and fanged woman in a torn raggedy nightgown. She licked her lips while she stared at him, smelling the lively carrier of nutrients flowing through him. "Daughter….I need to kill...that pest...""You need to calm down and going back to being dead. Your daughter is long gone," Lao responded, the pain from the hole in his leg setting in. He decided to test out the new feature on the sword, pressing the button twice so that the blade lit up yellow. ""She isn't, she killed me….and I'll kill you!" The mother declared as she charged him, going straight for his heart. Luckily, her style felt similar to Melisa's dash, meaning all he had to do was time his dodge so that she couldn't slow down. Waiting for the perfect moment felt like an eternity, when it was in fact two quick steps before her rapier went up at him. "Die!""Crash," he said, purposely falling down so that she tumbled over him into the wall. Just like her daughter, her head violently collides with the wall, making a sound that Lao couldn't help but compare to an apple donking a table. She crumbled down into an awkward position on the ground, snoozing away. Lao got up and started loading his gun, leaning on his good leg as blood continued to slowly soak out onto his shoes. "Now to finish the job," he quietly muttered, finding a 6th yellow bullet to load into the chamber. As he aimed down the sight, he saw her stand up, bleeding from the top of her head. "Don't you underestimate me! It will take more than a lucky fall to defeat me!""I didn't." One by one, six shots whizzed out of the muzzle, burying themselves into the revived vampire. She shrieked, saying that they were burning her repeatedly as she crumpled back down into the ground, hugging herself as she was purified back to death. "How, how dare you!?""I will be leaving now." He picked up his sword and newfound armor and started walking out, sure that the bullets would do the rest of the work for him. "Now, how to take this table out…" he placed his things down on the table, deciding how he would get it out of the house when he heard footsteps speeding out of the room. He turned just in time to be tackled to the ground, her rapier immediately driving through his chest into his lung. "Ack! Y-you should be dead!""I'm not dying without taking you with me!" She cackled, standing up a putting her foot on top of Lao's head. "Stupid orderite bullets, although I must admit, they do sting a lot, but to think that anything from the order could incapacitate me. Foolish!""I'm stuck under a foot...this is bitter...ah-" he groaned as she twisted the blade further around. "Are you a virgin? I need some blood anyway, so I wouldn't mind granting you one last chance at reaching manhood before I kill you. What do you say, it's not like you have not much time left to decide~" Her smug monologue was interrupted by chuckling. A slow laugh that built up despite the pain, until Lao couldn't hold it down and laughed right in his murder's face."What? Have you gone mad?" She questioned. Lao calmed himself, still smiling as his white aura surrounded him. "Maybe, to be laughing with a hole in my lung and leg...but it is funny..""What is funny? Please enlighten me doormat.""That...even revived by a lilim...you're are still slower than your daughter." In a flash he had buried his sword into her, sending her staggering back as she clawed at the blade. "H-how did you...""You almost had me, Melisa's mother," Lao said, the energy he was releasing helping him to stand up. "If it hadn't been for my spirit energy, I would have perished. But more importantly…" he started how loading in another bullet. "...Melisa was the one who taught me how to take and parry.""No….impossible, she's just a dhampir…" stuck in disbelief. She gasped when seeing the revolver pressed against her temple, Lao's finger ready to press down on the trigger. "It's my turn to ask...any last words?""If you're asking if I forgive Melisa. I could never forgiver her. You would have better luck reviving me, then beating me a third time." She pressed her head into the gun, a stream of blue liquid leaking out of the corner of her mouth. "Do it.""I have heard Vampires don't particularly like Dhampir's…" Lao pressed on."They are a disgrace, and I should have never have had her, nor should I have left her father alive out of pity. Why haven't you killed me yet?""Not even when you're daughter has surpassed you?""The least she could do for bringing her shame onto my name.""Not even, when she has become a vampire?""What?" the dying mother looked up at Lao, confused. "But she's…""She called herself the 'Queen of Vampires', and has become one herself," he explained, talking about everything he knew about her. "Really? Strange, I feel this emotion welling up inside me…""That is pride, in your daughter.""I see...well, can you tell her...that she's no longer a disgrace to the family surname..." She asked. Lao nodded, seeing her smile before she finally faded down to the ground.It took him a while, but after long, he had managed to slide the table out through the back, pretending to be a mover that was handling furniture. With enough distance, he no longer had to worry about suspicion, only finding Melisa and Geo. Once in the center of the expansive place, he spotted them waiting in front of a bread shop, the dhampir in handcuffs while Geo fed her pieces of bread. "Hey!" Lao said, half-limping and dragging a table with him. "Oh my gosh, I thought you were just going to get a table!" Geo exclaimed, pushing the bread in Melisa's mouth while he quickly tended to Lao with some magic. "Was your house ever booby-trapped Mel?""Mmm mmm mmmf.""No, it wasn't a booby trap. I just...fought a zombie. Melisa, your mother wanted me to tell you…""Mmmph? Mm-" Melisa took a moment to drop the bread before talking. "That what? I'm a low-rate whore? Perhaps a note she left for the last laugh?""That you are no longer a disgrace to your family.""Oh…" Melisa froze up, not expecting anything shy of an insult to her. "I see...whatever, I didn't care about that hag anyways.""Melisa she's your mother!" Geo said."She was more of a whore than she ever thought I am, but I do appreciate the sentiment." She refocused herself towards the table. "Ah, so it was untouched...wonderful.""I also found some other things," Lao said, showing the cape and armor. "You can keep it, I just needed the table," she said, trailing her hand along the wooden surface. "It feels just as soft as it did before...Geo, are you done with your diplomacy?""I haven't started, but it does take a while. Why?""I have nothing else I need to do here, and Lao has only fucked one vampire." Lao turned his head in concern. "Excuse me?""You heard me, baka! Why do you smell like my mom's foot?""I didn't fuck your mother.""Yes you did you cheat. I told you not to fuck Vampires!""I didn't!"
  (Midnight, back at the castle…)
"So you're trying on the armor you got after fucking my mother?" Melisa asked as she watched Lao unfold the cape. "Are you still on that?""I am only saying, my trust has wavered. Now put the armor on, I want to test what it's like to wield two rapiers." Lao rolled his eyes and slipped it on, while Melisa picked up hers and her mother's blade. The cape and armor shuddered, suddenly tightening around Lao's waist. "Urk!""Oh dear, is it a trap?""No...it's...conforming…" Lao felt cramped for a minute as the armor grew and shrank, breathing a sigh of relief when everything finally reached his proper size and dimensions. The cape flapped around him, taking the shape of a human while a ghost-like apparition appeared through the vents and openings of the armor. "Mei, someone new has inhabited us, and look. It is the daughter," went the armor. "Hello, Melisa.""Hi Mei, and hello Ka." The humanoid cloth waved at her. "Call us 'Meika' when we are together remember? Much simpler.""I don't have to listen to the rules established by my mother." They both sighed and nodded, turning back to Lao. "What do you wish?" said Mei. "Usually, we would either strangle or corrupt the new user, but as you have a familiar friend, we shall treat you as such.""Nothing for now, Melisa just wished to see if the armor broke before her rapiers.""As cruel as her mother," Ka disappointingly stated. "Well then, get it over with. Then we can get acquainted with our new sir."
  
    Chapter Text
    "Tell the others, you three self-train! I need to tend to a matter!" Lao hurried off, leaving Valhalla behind."Captain!" She yelled after, but Lao had already runoff. "Damnit...who's the leader of us then?" Valhalla sat down, meditating in frustration. She felt two hands land on her helmet before she could get into the mood of it. "So, this is the student you were talking about," went one new voice. "Mmhmm, the black and yellow armor looks so nice.." went another. It was the dragon, Valhalla thought, but she was curious about who she was talking to. Was it another dragon? Maybe one of her pets? Her mind wandered as she kept up her posture, ignore the various hands that felt along her body. Locking herself in meditation, she listened to the conversation around her."She seems to be asleep Fallen.""She is just relaxing. She did this late time too!""Oh?""Mmhmm, she would glow yellow, and smell like spring water." Another pat on the cheek. "But she's really hard to lift...""Maybe it is the armor, shall we take it off?" Val furrowed her brow. "Uh oh, it seems she heard me Fallen.""Armor off and on, she is still really soft…" Val felt the dragon's breasts squish her back. "Can you take your armor off?""No," she responded. She felt claws try to tear it off, to no avail."Can you use magic master?""In due time," went the new voice which was apparently her master. "For now, why don't you get acquainted with her? Then, we can go watch a new show of mine.""Another one?""Yes. Have you ever seen a vampire revived twice?""No master, but that sounds fun." The body on her back seemed to leave. Val opened one eye, seeing the dragon and another person flying away. She was almost certain she would see them again, but for now, at least she could have a moment of reflection to herself."Hey Val!" Went another voice. She groaned and gave up on trying to meditate, seeing Jacob walk up to her. "Where's Lao?""The captain had something he wished to do. His instructions were to self-train.""So what I'm hearing is, we can just do nothing the entire day?""Of course your cursed ears would cherry pick something so absurd. We are going to wait for Elizabeth, and we will tell her.""Alrighty," Jacob shrugged. They both waited in silence until they heard Elizabeth's shoes crunch on the ground, seeing the human wave at them. "Hiii!""Lao said we had to go shopping for weapons," Jacob blurted out. Valhalla's head jerked towards him in disgust. "You blithering idiot!" "Shopping!? But it's only our second class!" Elizabeth said shocked."That is right. You and I, we need tools for attacking. So, we are going to go get them." The incubus looked right at Val. "Isn't that right, little Valkyrie?""You are my age Jacob. We are all adolescents here." Valhalla glared at him, but the damage had been done. Liz was practically glowering, digging in her purse for money. "I can't wait! I can get more cooking tools, a tent…""Elizabeth, if we are going to go along with this dog's idea...""Hey!""...you must prioritize buying a weapon," Valhalla pointed out. "Jacob is getting his, but it would be dangerous for you to not have one as well.""But...you're right. I should still get medical supplies and a tent.""And we have the funds for it!" Jacob pulled out a pocket full of gold, along with another bag full of it. "Hehehe.""Should I asked where you acquired that amount of money?" Valhalla said, noticing the smugness in his chuckle. "I stooole it. Yep, this guy doesn't abide by any rules…"…..
  Last night...
"Glad you finally decided to come bunk with us Jacob!" Add excitedly said. "Don't ever feel unwelcome, there is always plenty of space for another incubus in the castle!""Smh, I'm just tagging along because you said you had food. I didn't feel like hunting for my food tonight."…"Ahh, that hit the stuff," the wolf boy said as he sat back in his chair at the dining table. "I never knew you could cook meat in so many different ways…""Compliments to the chef! You can go meet her actually, she is a really nice night gaunt," Add said, picking his teeth through the holes in his helmet. "So, I'm guessing after this you're going back to your place hmm?""I would, but you offered me a place to stay over," Jacob said, getting up to stretch himself. "Now, I live a pretty, pretty active lifestyle, but I guess if you insist…""Great! We can get a weapon and a bit of gold for you to go purchase a weapon!" Add got up, picking up his empty plate."Weapon?""Of course, all great cadets need a weapon.""I'll have you know my tree branches are fine.""As fine as your teammate's ax?""...alright, so maybe something, but only because I like spiting her."…
  Back to the present…
"Yep, no rules." Jacob said with a proud grin on his face. "So, when should we go, because I already have a place in mind…"After a hop, skip, and a quick bicorn ride, they hopped off at a hill before what looked like a large market, with stands, tents, and small stores dotting the landscape. "Welcome, to the black market!" Jacob yelled, listening to his voice echo through the valley. "Of course, the name is only for good fun. It's actually a really safe place to walk around in...I think.""I can't believe we came here without a chaperone," Val said, already regretting her decision to tag along. "What if we get corrupted by the atmosphere?""Pssh.""What about her?" Val motioned to Liz, who was still ogling at the sheer size of the place. "Father would never let me come here!""Oh yeah, she's human.""I should kill...no, not yet. Elizabeth, give me your hand." Liz skipped over to Val, extending her arm out. Val grabbed her forearm, holding on to it until Liz had a yellow aura around her. "Have I been purified?" The human asked, looking at the outline move with her limbs. "Sort of, it should protect you against the harlots. Think of Jacob but worse and less unsightly." It was at this moment where a random branch flew into Valhalla, breaking on contact. Can't imagine where that came from…Now prepared for the lust-accomodating elements, the three teens went down the hill into the market. As they made their way to the heart of it, the number of people passing became denser than gold. They had to hold onto each other's hands, walking single-file so they do not get lost from each other. "Is now a bad time to say that you are burning my hand Val?""Be silent and lead us to the weapons area, this was your idea," Valhalla retorted back, feeling a tug from behind her. "Liz?""A man has grabbed me," she said, the three of them looking at grabber. It was a man with googles and ragged clothes, his head completely void of hair. "Why, I'm just inspecting the princess of course. Royalty go for a high price in the -gah!" He looked at his hand, seeing two needles forced deep into it. "You little-" by the time he looked up, they were already weaving away through the foot traffic, Liz taunting him raspberries and a cheeky wave. "Ha, the look on his face!""You're royalty?" Val and Jay asked her. "Well, I didn't tell you because I thought it would make you both treat me differently. I didn't want you guys to find out like this however...""That's fine, it only makes you hotter. But how did he know?" Jacob questioned."He must be a degenerate, we don't think about it," Valhalla said, slowing the group down to a walk. "Are we almost there?" "Yeah, just a bit more weaving." Jacob led the two further and further until they finally emerged from the dense ground into a slightly less packed area. "This is Iron Alley. You can find a vendor anywhere, but this is where all the good stuff is at. So first thing on the list?""A weapon for Elizabeth, then maybe I'll get a shield.""Oh, warming up to sullied objects I see?""Not a chance in this world. I am going to purify it before use." She turned to Liz. "Well then, what should we get?""That one look's interesting." Elizabeth was pointing to a booth with a shiny black sword laying out on display. "I don't know Eli-""Good eye, that looks cool." Jacob took her over to the vendor, seeing a few other well-crafted blades that laid on display alongside it. None of them, however, looked as elegant and dangerous as the black one, shining like obsidian in the late morning sun. The only portion that couldn't be used as a reflection was the handle, looking graning and cracked like molten ground. "It even looks better up close," he said, reaching up to touch the edge of the blade. A drop of blood formed the moment he tapped it, making him confused. "Wait..""So it actually is obsidian, but where would someone find enough to make a blade this well?" Valhalla wondered, touching her ax against the sword. Elizabeth peeked inside, seeing someone sitting in the darkest corner inside. He had his head was craned down towards something in his lap. His excessively long sleeves on his purple jacket hid what he was holding in his hands. His dark brown hair covered his eyes and went over his shoulders, and was as messy as someone who had just woken up outside. The majority of his body was covered by a blacksmith's apron long enough to touch the ground while he sat. "Hi!" she said, trying to get his attention. It failed entirely, the seller continuing to do what he was doing. "Well, we would like to buy the black sword out in front, and I wanted to see if I could have it?"The person looked up from his task, staring at her with baggy eyes. "You wish for the Shadow Star?""Yes, it is a lovely blade. How much, I always have a bit of money in my satchel…""Free of charge." He got up, revealing that he had been secretly drawing in a notepad. "I'm glad someone appreciates the simplicity of it. What is your favorite bit?""It's so sharp, and the handle feels nice on the hands," she says. "That is nice, I wanted to make it so it would never leave its owner. But, there is one catch to it.""Yes?" She waited for the drawback, knowing in the back of her head it wouldn't be free without a reason. "You must never let its power consume you. Every day that passes adds to its thirst for blood, eating away at your every core until it leaves you an empty vessel of destruction. The obsidian should help persevere your being from it; give you time to acclimate.""That seems...a bit depressing.""It is indeed. Ironically, traveling to and fro to forge it helped me with my own issues. Maybe I just merely passed on my influence to the blade…" pulled out keys from his pocket, unlocking the glass. Elizabeth swore she felt a soul leave the sword. The aura she felt around it was frightening, as if it was inviting her into the gates of hell. "Second thoughts?" The seller asked. She nervously shook her head, reaching her mana-encapsulated hand to the handle. The spell seemed to be keeping her fine but it was waning with her hand right on top of the sword. She felt her mind jump when she grabbed the handle, the cracks in the grippy surface pulsing blood red. "Control it, you will be fine.""It's saying to give in," she commented, rubbing her temple while holding the sword. The voice in her head quieted once the red in the handle became permeate, but her mind felt that much more cramped with her new weapon in possession. "It is your decision what to do with it. Whether you command it or share your body, whatever happens, depends on your mind," the blacksmith says. "I could never use it for example, even if I was the one that created it. Especially not after…""Not after what?" She asked."It is nothing you need about, but enjoy the sword. I sense you will make great use of it," The blacksmith said, going back to his corner to draw. He went back to being absorbed in his notepad, scribbling away a drawing to pass the time. His concentration was broken by a circle gift tossed on top of his drawing. "Hmm?" He looked up, but Elizabeth was gone and had taken the sword with her. He got gloves and a helmet before opening the gift to see what it was. He ended up unwrapping a cookie for himself. "What a nice girl," he muttered, putting the cookie in his mouth and continuing to draw."Guys?" Elizabeth yelled out, wandering around the alley. The sword dragged along behind her while she walked around, leaving a trail in the ground. She found both of them on the inside of a ground, arguing with each other over a metal stick that Jacob was holding in his hand. "It is impossible for that to do more damage than a blade! A blade can cut into armor, your staff can only do blunt damage." Valhalla took her ax off her back to prove her point, waiting for it to grow to full size. "Even then, it's simply too small, even if fast.""Ah, but that is where you are wrong. This bo staff is top quality iron, and can take any impact you put onto it." He knocked on the staff, listening to the staff ring against his fingers. "Plus, and that is not all, it has extra features along with it.""Extra features? So you spent all that money on dumb gimmicks and an iron stick?""Of course, you would think that." He runs his hand along its length, stopping and pressing down. A knife popped out of its side, with a small and serrated edge. "A nice knife for a fallback. And…" He then took the ends of the staff, giving each a small wiggle before pulling it away. The main portion fell away as small iron chains extended out of the new holes until the chains were taunt. "Now you have a mace. Can your ax do that valkyrie?" Ooos and ahhs echoed from the crowd around them."No. Like I need anything so trivial. And don't you all have anything better to do?" she snapped at the crowd. She spotted Elizabeth standing among the others. "Elizabeth, not you too!""I think the bo staff is nice. So is the ax as well," she said, not wanting to get into the argument. "Also, I have finally picked out my weapon." She raised it to show them, unknowingly cutting a gash into someone's side with the blade. They groaned in agony as they kneeled over themselves, clutching the cut now into their waist. Like that the crowd's attention shifted away from the argument, as everyone surrounded the man who had been cut. She placed down the sword and went to help him, but didn't notice the sword soaking up the blood its tip had been dirtied with."There," Elizabeth said, finishing her covering of the wound. "Now nothing can get into the wound." The guy nodded, laying on his back to wait out the pain. "Valhalla can't you heal him?""I don't exactly know a spell to heal a wound instantly," she said back. "Why didn't you put your sword in a sheath?""I forgot! I was originally going to put it in my bag but I needed more space…" She tried fitting the sword in, only getting halfway before the bag started stretching. "See?""Well, if we hurry we could go get a better one before Lao comes back," Jacob said. "And before he gets up.""Oh, that would mean you could see my family then." Jacob and Valhalla both looked at her with weird looks. "Don't you get it, we can head to my kingdom!"Since Jacob had spent most of his money on his bo staff, Elizabeth was the one to pay for the ride this time. She sat in the back, her sword laying flat on the ground of the carriage while she slept away. Jacob and Valhalla sat up against the front, both of them looking at the sword stay eerily still while they rode to their destination. Jacob was the first to point it out, showing Val on a particularly tight curve. The obsidian sword was completely immune to the laws of the world, everything else being pulled towards the end. Yet, the sword stayed right in front of Elizabeth as she snored on. "The sword is just obsidian, right?" Val asked."It should be. Maybe it has a few spells placed on it?""A spell that makes it impervious to moving?""Well…." The carriage they were in suddenly slowed down, sending Elizabeth stumbling into the two. Noises of complaints and soreness came from inside, while the driver recklessly brought the horses to a halt. "I brought you to the stupid rock you weirdoes! I'm just glad you paid me upfront…" He waited for the three of them to get out, counting his money before leaving them behind with a cloud of dust kicked up."Fuck you too pussy!" Jacob said, throwing a rock at him. "Damnit, he's out of range…""My shoulder..." Elizabeth rested against Valhalla, waiting for the dull throb to go away. She looked around the ground for her sword, starting to panic when she didn't see it around her. Fearfully, she looked down the path the driver had gone down, seeing the last bit of the horse round a bend in the distance. She gave chase after it, yelling after the driver to slow down but he never did. "My…pant…sword..." It was a free weapon, but now, she had effectively lost her weapon within an hour. She walked back with a guilty feeling in her heart, thinking back to the nice blacksmith that gave it to her."I can try to fly after it," Valhalla offered. "I'm sure with enough quickness-""It probably wouldn't work…" Elizabeth sighed."Hey, don't be like that. You can still show us to your folks," Jacob said. "Besides, think about it. If it was free he probably wanted to get rid of it anyways. It was probably as strong as glass.""I guess." Elizabeth went to the rock they were dropped off at. It was massive; large enough to rise above all three of their heights. It was also oddly placed; just a bit too much out of the forest to be comfortable with. She dug her hands into the bottom of the rock, grunting as she squat-lifted the boulder up. Under it turned out to be a latch and a hinge that connected the boulder to the ground like a door. "I'm the only one that knows about this, so ssshhh.""Where in heaven's name are you taken us?" Val asked, not expecting the last moment or two to happen. The three of them climbed down into darkness, Liz pulling the rock back down over them once they were all inside. Val and Jay had to stand awkwardly next to each other in the dark until their mate lit a torch inside. They saw that they were in a small tunnel, with groundwater occasionally dripping down inside. There was only one direction they could go, which extended farther than the torches' light could reach. "Isn't it obvious? My parents. Hey is that my sword?" She spotted its gleam on the ground. "It is!""How did it get here from the carriage?" Val asked, looking at Jay nervously while Liz went to go pick it up. The color of the fire camouflaged the blood drops that laid on the sword, quickly being absorbed into the blade as she tucked it into the safety of her inner elbow. "Who knows, but now I don't have to tell the blacksmith I lost the blade," she said relieved, squeezing around the two to lead the way through the tunnels. The path underground never widened up enough to get out of walking single file; passageways appeared left and right, with Elizabeth seeming to randomly take one before continuing on with her touch.The path they took started to rise, turning into more of a mountain trek than a walk. Elizabeth had to pause to put on gloves before continuing, holding the light in her mouth as she climb-crawled on. "Jacob, you better not be looking at her," Valhalla said as the incline brought the wolf-boy's ass close to the middle of her view. "Jacob!""I'm not. It's not like I can help it, she probably doesn't even care.""Y-you're were staring at my butt?""If it makes you feel better Val is staring at mine. Isn't that really-huugh! You punched my balls…""Shut up and move!" Dirt turned into gravel and wooden walls, their footsteps overshadowing Jacob's whines of pain while he clutched his crotch. Elizabeth held up his hand to stop them, shining the light towards a ladder going straight up. "This is the last bit, I promise."The three of them emerged into natural light at last, filling into a bedroom filled with pink and yellow. the bed had enough stuffed animals to bury someone under and was large enough to host a small gathering in. She closed the panel they came through, then dragged a carpet over it to cover it up. "There we go!""When you said we were going to meet your parents, I didn't think you meant going right into their room," Valhalla said surprised, going to the window. She could see the rock they came from there, along with the rest of the realm the bedroom overlooked."Oh, this actually my room! My parent's room is way duller." Elizabeth went over to a mirror, taking a brush out of her mouth to tend to her hair. "The pink just makes everything so casual.""Too casual, this feels wrong to be in here," admitted Jacob, never having any experience in a place of royalty."Why would it be wrong? The furthest I'm doing in here is simply freshening up. Maybe even a quick shower…" she muttered about what more she could do for herself as she went to the bathroom, putting down her satchel and taking her sword with her. Jacob shrugged and sat on the bed, looking around at each of the dolls and stuffed toys."Jacob, did you notice when she took her sword with her?" he turned to Val, shaking his head. "Aren't you the least bit concerned?""I don't know how women work. I'm serious, I am not a perv. I know you hate me but believe me." Jacob looked tempted to raise his hands, not wanting to take any risks while being in Elizabeth's room. He was on edge, seeming to stay away from everything as much as he could."Calm down, I am not accusing you. It is just...it is awfully weird to take your weapon with you when you bathe." She walked up to the door, placing her ear against the wood. "I wonder what's happening…"Nothing frightening seemed to be happening now thankfully. Elizabeth stripped while the water in her bathtub got hot, quickly slipping into it and sinking down into the bubbling water. Her sword laid outside the tub, at her side while she relaxed. "Boy, it was surely scary to lose the sword. I don't know where I would put you yet...""What about through the heart of your father?""No, no, that is…." for a second, she had thought her mind had played a trick on her. She settled deeper into the tub, her knees coming up above the water level."You heard me, foolish princess!" Elizabeth sat up straight, looking down at the sword. "Yes I! It's always 'free' that gets people. You are just one in many that have fallen to my might…" black smoke started filling the bathroom from the sword, creeping over all the surfaces. Elizabeth went as far as she could below the water, but a hand reached below the surface to grab her throat. She struggled and shook around, but was lifted out of the water almost effortlessly.Her assailant had grown from a sword with shadows to a man in protection as dark and as slick as the blade. The sword had become his right arm, while his left - the one who held Liz - was covered in armor. The most vulnerable part of him was his head, where one eye was merely a red glow, and two scares crisscrossed between his eyes and over his nose bridge. Black hair as long as hers flowed horizontally out in the nonexistent wind. "Look at you, squirming in my grasp," he chortled. "At least the last ones had some fight, but you are just a child.""I'm….seventeen…""Barely old enough to inherit a throne. Not that you will need to worry about that anymore. I can just pretend to be you…" His grip tightened on her neck, just a few pounds of force away from breaking her neck."I….I….""What? Can't you spit it out?" He asked."...You looked...really nice.""What are you on about?" He said, narrowing his eyes. "I'll have you know that flattery wouldn't work. I'm not looking for a slave.""Hasn't...anyone...ever….complemented your hair?" She said, pointing her oxygen-deprived hand to it. He gently batted it away unfazed. "This hair...this hair hasn't been tended to ever since my last victim.""I can clean it for you…" He arched an eyebrow, but after a bit his lips started to curl up into a smile. He let her go, laughing maniacally to himself. "You're a real riot young lad! Fine then, I'll let you have the honors of cleaning the hair of...what name do I go by in this era?"Cough, cough, cough- "Shadow-star sir…""What a pathetic name. Nevertheless, groom me. But you should know, I am still going to kill you, and little could convince me otherwise.""...And that was how the pigs killed my mother," he said, biting into his cookie with all the anger that his past brought up. "I was too weak to stop them. I should have run like my parents wanted, but I couldn't live with myself if I let the merchant ring have their way. Do you have more cookies?""They are in the satchel," she said, the knight rifling through her belongings. "Ow! Your bag has needles!""I like sewing," she innocently said, dunking water onto his hair. "I can sew you something adorable if you want.""I don't need adorableness. I need intimidation, hair that shines as bright as this blade!" He held up his blade to test it, seeing her braiding his hair behind him. "What are you doing?""You will look so nice in braids! Trust me.""You are pushing your luck princess. But anyway," he took another chomp of the cookie, almost biting over the entirety of it. "I am beaten half to death and banished as a result. My eye and my face were almost unrecognizable...I found a person that would help me, a soul that wanted a vessel. Rage and vengeance had consumed me, so I agreed.""Is that way you have the scars and the glowing red eye?" she asked. "Yes. This 'glow' you call is where the soul watches inside me. We lived and died gloriously, but as if life was a wheel, we had also turned into a wandering soul, stuck together and waiting for a third. He...no, she had told me of you. Had said we now have a chance to live once again…" Elizabeth did her best to hide her tears, but it only made her waterfall come all at once. "That is such a sad story," she said, hugging his armored body. "You lost your entire family, and all you have left is a cursed sword…""Get off my arm fool! You are still naked!" He reminded her."Who care's about that? You're hurting on the inside. You just need someone to help you feel better," she argued."And what do you know? I murdered dozens and I still sleep fine! You know nothing.""Do you sleep fine when thinking about your parents?""That is...not wrong." He turned back around, taking another cookie. "You remind me of my playmate from the olden days...she was so outgoing and bold.""Did she hug you a lot?""No, that would be an offense punishable by death. But...I bet she would have." He looked down towards his blade again, seeing his hair now fully braided, and filled with flower heads. "This is horrifying.""Yes...well, I guess I am going to die now," she said sadly. "But, it was nice talking to you. I hope your parents are looking down on you with smiles.""Yes, smiles...I have changed my mind. I won't kill you just yet, you're not worth my time to slay yet. I shall let you foster, grow until you have become a worthy advisory.""So I'm not dying? That's wonderful!""Yes, it is…." he covered Liz's eyes to keep her view blocked while he faded back into the sword. When she was able to see again, she was back in the tub, with water all over the place while the sword laid there. "Was that a dream? It would be disappointing if it was, that lad seemed so nice." She got up out of the water, getting a towel to cover her pruney skin. Any longer in there and she would be looking like a grandma.She wrapped a towel around her body and opened the door. She gasped when seeing Val fell with the door, landing with a wet, metal thud. "Elizabeth! I heard you drowning and, and…" Val started blushing, immediately pressing her face into the ground. "I am sorry!" Liz looked passed her, seeing Jacob sitting in the corner with multiple blushed toys. He looked towards the noise and looked away, pressing his face into a stuffed fox. Jacob could still hear the screaming and profuse apologizing, his wolf ears picking up everything even with the dolls jamming his wolf ears to the side of his head."I am once again sorry!" Valhalla said, apologizing for the tenth time in a row. "Really, it is okay, I don't think you are a pervert," Elizabeth reassured, turning to the wolf boy who had his head was still extremely focused on the floor. "You can look now, I have all my clothing on." He sat up, holding one of her bears while sighing. "Don't I look freshened up and presentable?""Not at all," Jacob he responded relieved, not seeing much of a difference beside her hair in a ponytail."Well that's rude, and I spent all that time in the bath as well…""Can we get the satchel?" He begged. If she was done, Jay had no more intentions staying in her room longer than needed. Before she had finished answering yes, he had gone outside the bedroom door, waiting for Val and Liz to join him. The hallways in the castle were just as long and confusing as the tunnels, sloping up and down at random intervals. Liz always seemed in her element though, effortlessly taking the two to somewhere deep in the castle. "This is my fathers' workroom," she told them. "He usually has to stay here for when rival countrymen or coups develop.""How many times does it happen for your father to be barricaded in a maze?" Jacob asked, opening the door to one happening right now. A man in priest robes and several others had the king and queen surrounded, with guards keeping the couple kneeling on the floor with blindfolds. "Daughter, is that you?" The king said, getting poked with a blade for speaking."Not again father! I wasn't told of the coup this time." She seemed more disappointed than worried for his life. The priest turned around, telling his men to keep the two hostages at bay. He was unsightly with a thick handlebar mustache, his potbelly showing under his uniform robes. "Welcome, Princess Elizabeth. I know this may come as a shock to you, but your father is no longer fit to rule this kingdom.""But why?" The three were pushed in by two men blocking their escape. "You know very well why. All the movement your father has done will only result in our demise!""Carl isn't too fond of being pro-mamono sweetie, although is much safe than my cousin's methods." The queen chimed in, also getting a blade poking in her cheek."If you two don't quiet down I'll make sure you are never able to talk again, and it's Priest Carl!" the priest clarified. "King Mark's methods keep his estate thriving and powerful. You, on the other hand, do not! Just look at your daughter, she came frolicking in with an incubus! The Valkyrie is the only acceptable thing here. You there, the brat in the black and yellow armor, kill this wolf.""No, he is docile, although annoying." Valhalla said."Woooow, you got rejected Carl," Jacob followed."Priest Carl! Do I have to slaughter all five of you?" He was going red in the face with hysteria. No one seemed to be taking him seriously, despite his backing of armed and dangerous henchmen. Poor Carl.Val: "I can't be killed, I'm a valkyrie."Jay: "Does this mean we have to kill him then?"Queen: "I would prefer not to, Carl is just misunderstood."King: "Honey he tried last time and we had to arrest him as well. Elizabeth, if you can, can you and your friends call the guillotine man? I think he is on his lunch break in the rafters."Queen: "Do we have to? I don't want to bother him with this."Liz: "Oh yeah, we went shopping and I got a sword. Also, Jacob is a nice werewolf." Pat pat.Jay: "Not the ears! They are still sensitive."Queen: "Oh, that's sweet. Shame we had to meet like this blindfolded."Jay: "It is alright Elizabeth's mom." They continued chatting away, the overlapping voices pushing Carl further and further until he went up and grabbed Elizabeth, holding her with his arm while a knife was pressed to the neck. "That is enough! Give me control or else I'll kill your daughter!""Oh dear, this is the second time I was being threatened with a neck injury today. Val and Jay?" They nodded, taking out their weapons to handle the rest of the guards that had been standing as backup. They were slow with relatively brittle equipment, making it easier for the Valhalla's axe to eat through the armor, while Jacob's staff slipped past sword blocks to knock the men unconscious."What possible coup could have been more important than this!" Carl, tired of being treated like he didn't matter, drove the knife into her neck. "Be purified brat!" Elizabeth just stared, the blood in her neck seeping out for only a second before it turned black and evaporated into black smoke."I wouldn't try that if I were you." The smoke shot off her neck, wrapping around the knife and sending it careening back into the priest, stabbing into his nose. Blood instantly pool on his clothing as he collapsed, screaming in pain as he clutched what was left of his nose. The smoke continued to envelop Elizabeth, surrounding and transforming her looks. Her pleasant and soft white dress had been turned into black plated armor, with the metal collar having what looked like black fangs sticking up around her neck. Her hair and eyes turned as black as the soul that had haunted her. The priest looked in fear as the princess was transforming, swearing plenty in his head on why he was dealt this bad hand. "I warned you," came a deeper but feminine voice, stepping out of the black smoke with red eyes that glowered at him."Dear? Is are going through another puberty?" Her mother asked."Dear? Mother…blood." She started walking towards the two, the guards around the king and queen yelling at her to stop her advance. Once she got within swinging distance, she paused and waited. The two men stopped yelling, then collapsed on the ground before they could even swing their sword. "Ah, did you take care of them?""Yes, mother~" The new, imposing Liz helped both of them up and removed their blindfold. "I would never let them hurt you so.""Elizabeth, you've gotten taller," the queen said. "Have you been getting activity?""No, but I have added a few souls to my body now.""Souls? What did I tell you about touching magic items that you do not know of?" She said with anger, giving her daughter a light slap on the wrist to reprimand her. "S-sorry mother. What? No, I can't do such a thing!""Do what thing?""Oh, em, the soul has a method for utilizing the bodies. Hey says it is to 'sustain' themselves…" She caught the priest crawling to the corner, pointlessly holding his nose to stall the bleeding around the knife. "Fuck, fuck, fuck….""I thought you were a priest, not a sailor," Elizabeth said, holding her sword in hand. He scooted up against the door, reaching his hand for the handle but being denied when the blade tapped against it. "Please, you don't understand! This family will doom us all!""Then doomed we shall be, man of god." She drove the sword through his gut and watched the blood that spilled out of the wound collect on the sword. It was like a vampire fang, ruthlessly taking the life out of the priest until his eyes lost his color. Sated, the black visuals disappeared from her body, leaving behind her good old white dress and golden hair. Previously unaffected by the murder she committed, one look made her shiver with disgust and step as far away as possible. "Mother, I killed Carl!" she said with tears in her eyes, running into her mother's arms. Her sword was the opposite, positively pulsing with all the newfound blood it had consumed. "It is alright, he was going to die anyway," her mother assured her. "You did the right thing. You are still in trouble for obtaining that sword, however.""Oh darn…""You and your friends are going to stay in here for the rest of the night." The queen said, being followed by guards that held onto the teens' arms. "But mother, what if Captain Lao comes back?""You should have thought about that before becoming a vessel for souls in a blade.""That's not fair, I saved you and father's life.""Elizabeth sweetie, we get our lives threatened once every several fortnights. But, I am proud of you nevertheless. Now think about what you have done." She left the three stuck inside, with one guard sitting on the carpet and another denying access out of the door. "Sorry, this is my fault Val and Jay," she said, sitting down on her bed. "I should have picked a better sword.""Don't worry Elizabeth, it was actually Jacob's fault.""Yeah, don't swea- what did you say?" The valkyrie lifted a finger. "If you never took us to that stupid market, we could have gotten a regular sword instead of one that summons an undead Elizabeth.""That's like blaming Lao for being turned into a dragon toy!""That is a rash statement. It's not like you could ever back up your claim.""Do you want to settle this one and for all?" Jacob said angrily. "I still have my bo staff ready to beat my superiority into you.""Say not one more word." She took her ax from her back, letting it grow until it was slightly wedged into the floor. "I can't wait to smite your annoying behind.""No fighting in the princess' chamber," went one of the knights. The two looked at each other then groaned since they had to put their weapons away. Elizabeth watched from her bedside, looking for pajamas to wear. "I wonder what Captain Lao is doing…"Melisa laughed maniacally as she attacked Lao in the armor, putting scratches and holes into Meika that disappeared after a short time. "Die bitch, die!""Melisa, we are not your mother…" Mei said calmly, biting her lip as another hole was poked into the cape. "This hurts after a while.""Lao, are you alright?" Ka asked him. He nodded then felt something get jostled loose as he got pushed into a wall. "Stop, there was something knocked out of the armor.""What? Ka!""I didn't break," the armor calmly said as Lao kneeled down to pick up the object. It was a small, pocket-sized portrait of two vampires and a human. "Hey, it is my family," Melisa said, picking up the portrait. "I remember this. It was before they found out I was only half-vampire.""Do you want to throw it away?" Melisa felt tempted to, but then she remembered what Lao said her mother had said. She still hated her with almost every fiber of her body, but now there were a few that were willing to forgive and forget. "No, I'll put it up with the drawing from your dead dragoon." Lao gave her a weird look, not being too comfortable with unmentionable being mentioned. "What? You're not still depressed are you?""Don't talk so based-like...based what is that?" Lao asked himself. Melisa shrugged as she placed the portrait up against the wall, comparing it to the talon drawing of Seian and Lao. "I don't know, but this wall suddenly looks aaaa lot better. We should put more dead people up here, like that lilim you killed."
  
    Chapter Text
    "So let me get this straight. Even though the mission was a success you are complaining about it?" Geo asked Lao he skimmed through the report. "That is correct Lord Geo.""It seems like a normal bounty to me. Go in, kill the suspect, get out, and let the people do the rest of the action.""You haven't read past page two yet sir." Geo flipped a page, moving his finger along the lines so he didn't get lost. "...dark valkyrie…..blood on alter...there is one line that just says "party" over and over."I needed sleep, so I asked Melisa and Sir if they could manage the report taking. They did not manage it at all.""What of Valhalla?""She is fine, she wishes to do something before she could 'look us in the eye again'…"
Valhalla had trekked up the mountain, stripping away her purple armor as she gazed at the sides around her. She turned out to have a one-piece wetsuit under her armor, hugging her body tight as she stretched around. "Yes, this should be the perfect place to meditate," She told herself, taking a seat on the cold, bald rock and starting her purification. Instantly, demonic mana started steaming off her. Her skin was turning back from purple to her natural light brown color. After the initial burst, she slowly simmered back to herself, regaining her golden aura while braving the chilling conditions of the summit.All was going well until she heard the familiar flap of wings settling beside her. "Your armor is off," went the dragon, who sat down beside her. "You also look cold…""You know what Fallen? Every time you do this I end up being clawed at or boobhugged. I just came back from a very tedious mission and the last thing I need is a purple, big-tittied heretic disturbing my peace in freezing wind chill. Now go.""..." Silent and flabbergasted, the dragon girl awkwardly shuffled away, sitting on the edge of the summit. "Thank you," Valhalla said, her yellow aura returning as she put her full focus back into the restoration of herself. As soon as she finished she went to retrieve her armor, seeing Fallen waiting beside it in her tiny dragon form. "You think making yourself small and helpless will make me feel a shred of anything for you?" She responded with a tiny flame, pawing at the armor. "It isn't going to work," Valhalla said unamused, putting her armor back on her. "I just wanted to heal my wounds in a secure location. It turned out not to be as secure…"
"I think she is on a mountain," Lao said."I see. It says the other two escaped with no harm other than mental and a bit of a stomach virus, ouch...ah, the most interesting part. As it says 'in raiding the target's house I came across a mantis. After killing her, she would not stop following me and I could not effectively get rid of her. To keep her at bay, I have made her my eternal maid.' Now Lao, this is very unlikely. I commend your honesty, but to think you could pull such an outlandish statement-""Master Lao, I have prepared your lemonade," went a monotone voice from the stairs. "You disappeared again, so the beverage may be less cool than you wanted.""Is that?" Geo asked."I really hated that mission," Lao stated, with as much disdain as his maid's voice lacked emotion. He turned around, leaving the king with his report to head down the stairs. He saw her green body adorning a skimpy maid's uniform now, and her short hair carrying a bonnet on top of her. Her sleeves appeared torn by the blades as she was putting them on, hanging off her shoulders in just two large ribbons of fabric on either arm. She held up a pitcher of lemonade, perfectly crafted for Lao to test. "I have completed your beverage Lao.""I thought I insisted that you didn't need to follow me," he said without slowing down. The mantis girl walked behind her, focusing her purple eyes on his back. "That is the one thing I cannot do Lao, as you killed-""As we killed your lord, yes I know. But in all fairness, the dhampir was the one to stab him last.""I cannot marry a woman. It would be impossible to have children," she said while keeping pace with him. The drink in the pitcher swayed slightly as they went down the spiral, but never spilled onto the floor. "I must marry a man, and you are the next in line.""Why not ask the armored fella?""He was not apart of the killing, but you were. I have already made up my mind sir," she said. "I would die before I leave your side."She held true to her word, following Lao day in and day out. She was around so much so that Lao had decided to dub her "Maggie", with the bare minimum of interest put into the name. Under her emotionless face, she, of course, took the new name in stride. She would stand over him when he sleeps, and have his clothes pressed and cleaned when he was awake. She got into his equipment, finding sword polish to keep his blade intact. Slowly but surely, she made sure to get into every aspect of his home life, down to hand delivering and feeding him his meals. It wasn't welcome at all to Lao, who had grown up having to do much of his own work. He didn't need anyone to marry, much less someone that does his every bidding."I'm sick and tired of her," Lao complained to his Captain. The mental exhaustion leaked off his voice as he explained, his hand rubbing his temples to express his frustration. "Every time I tried to turn her away, she responds with 'only in death', then continues spoon-shoveling dinner into my mouth.""Have you tried the 'only in death' part?" Add asked him. "It would make me sick to kill her, no matter how much I want to push her out of my window.""What about trying her for a bit? Seeing if maybe she could be the one?" Lao looked away for a moment. Add realized who he was talking to, immediately rearing his words back. "Not that, I wish to push you into anything. I understand if you need time…""No, my heart is already set on another, with all due respect Sir," he responded solemnly. "I am not ready yet for love, that is all.""It still wouldn't her to see what she offers sexually. You don't need to have a wife to have sex.""Yes, you and your dragon friend do that all the time.""Yes, like me and Witness…" Lao could sense the blush behind Add's faceplate and decided to leave him to go try his idea. Sure enough, Maggie was waiting at the door, holding his afternoon lunch and coffee. "I used the coffee grounds in your coat Lao," she said. "Is it alright with you?""Maggie, would you...like to have sex?" Even if no longer a virgin, the words still came out hoarse and scratched his throat. "Yes, very much," she answered eagerly. "Does this mean we are married?""I would prefer to think of it as...sexual relief." That wasn't a complete lie; it would certainly be a relief if he could quiet her down for one night, but he had never needed to use someone else for bringing down his lust. Maggie nodded and stepped into the room, placing the tray down in the closet. "You have no idea how long I have been waiting to hear those words," she admitted stoically. She tore her uniform with one pull, leaving her naked...ish. Her green exoskeleton still covered much of her body, and her tail still vibrates rapidly. However, her vaginal hole was now easily accessible, covered by thin panties that had white and green stripes. She turned around and swayed her ass at Lao, teasing him while slowly pulling her undergarments down her legs. A rush of pheromones went into his nose as he watched her. The show made her member rise, pressing against the fabric of his pants. "Do whatever you want with me~" Maggie said, spreading her pussy lips and keeping them spread until he was ready….
"It wasn't what I thought it would be at least," Lao told his captain while they walked. "I may have fallen asleep inside her…are you laughing?" he said, seeing Add cover the part of his helmet where the mouth would be. "Of course not," he responded. "Huhu~"Lao didn't believe him one bit as he heard small gasps of air and noises come out of his captain's mouth. "So, what did she said when you.. fell asleep?" he asked next, his question cutting off in the middle when snickered. Lao rolled his eyes and started walking faster so his captain could laugh all he wanted."Wait! I am sorry Lao. Please, continue on," Add said, grabbing Lao's arm to slow him down."If you will stop laughing, I didn't enjoy it.""Oh?" Lao simply shook his head. "I see, so you really don't wish to be with her?""No Sir, I just hope she will be able to take my decision well…" they continued talking as they walked, but little did they know that Maggie had followed closely behind. She clutched her chest as she hid, hyperventilating at the news. "No, he was my new head, he had to be mine!" She quietly yelled. "If he won't give, then I will have to steal his heart from him!"
After dismissing his students today, Lao went back to the castle. He had gotten used to Maggie's routine, as she would have his dinner ready by the time he was winding down for the day in his room. However, as he rounded the steps he heard her voice, arguing with another."Why am I not allowed to add a small love potion?" She asked the head chef, who was holding the food out of reach of Maggie's hands. "I have no ill intentions with it.""Have you asked the person that would be eating the food?""Lao does not need to know, I'm sure he trust…" Maggie's antennas wiggled for a second, sensing a disturbance that wasn't the chef, she went around the corner, seeing someone quickly walking down the steps from the duo. "Laaaooooo...I only wish to talk," she said, following the steps. Her voice was slightly raised, with a crazed undertone whenever she said his name. "We must be together Lao, it was scripted in stone." She stopped walking suddenly, turning to peer into a hallway closet. She was met with both revolvers aimed at her chest, a thin red smoke coming from the bullets in the chamber. "No Lao, the only mana you must shoot on my breasts are the ones from your testicles.""You said you would only leave me alone in death, no?" She raised an arm, showing the flat portion of the connected blade towards him. "I will not separate our genitals that easily. I have had a taste of heaven with you. I just wish to have it again...forever~""No, how many times must I say that?!" He snapped. She narrowed her eyes at Lao, slamming her palm on the wall right behind him above his shoulder. "And how many times must I continue until we are married? Only once did we do it, and we were already so connected! I want to do it more hubby~" Her eye started to twitch as she spoke, an offputting smile creeping up on her face. "I've had to resort to other methods to satisfy my craving for you. Have you ever smelled your gun? It has so much of your glovey sweat on it, and now, my essence has permeated on the barrel~""...what the fuck." If that was the first time he ever dropped a slur, it was definitely warranted."Yes, fuck Lao!" Maggie was no longer the docile, emotionless mantis that he had gotten used to. Her declaring her lust for him was turning him off further, as his trigger finger got a bit tighter. "And this potion shall do it! I was going to subtly mix it in your food, but I suppose that plan fell through. Pucker up dear~" She took out a bottle and uncorked it to drink it, but Lao changed his aim to shoot the bottle in her hand. She shrieked as her liquid mana and the vial spilled everywhere. Some of the potion seeped into her new wound, making her cry out more. "W-was this your master plan Lao? The potion will only make me love you moooore~" Knees weak, she fell into Lao, feeling his chest. Her crotch frotted against his, trying to make his cock grow. "Soon, I'll be able to kiss ya, and make you just as horny as I~"Lao slid around her and closed the door fast, running away as fast as she could. The door was reduced to shreds by Maggie's blades, then kicked apart by her foot as she ran after. Lao tried everything to evade, corning around people that walked by and putting objects in the way of his pursuer. Maggi, however, was in a new class of speed and agility. Anything he could go around, she could leap, slide under, or wall hop around and keep pace.With his fight or flight in full swing, the power boost from his white aura activated. It made no difference at all, as it only prolonged the struggle of being closed in on at full speed. It did, however, give him one new avenue. With no warning, he turned and jumped through a window, landing on one of the many roof surfaces that made up the pointy spires of the massive castle. He started running in random directions, maneuvering his way down the castle from the tops as he hiked and slid down the rafters. After traversing the dangerous terrain, he made it low enough to be able to jump to the bottom, seeing a haystack that was placed in a wagon. "Lao, don't you will die or nearly die!" Yelled Maggie, who was on another, higher rafter. "Just wait for me, I can get you down safely!""No alright? I don't want you to!""But we're meant to be together. You would save me if I was in danger, and as such, I should do the same!" She started scaling down the rafters, using her arm blades as pickaxes as she came down. Each word that came from her was panted out, her chest heaving from her lustful imagination rather than all the aerobic exercise she had gotten within the span of a few minutes. "It is what it means to be husband and wife!~""Maggie, don't hurt yourself. And the reason I've been saying no is that...I'm in love with someone else!""...What!?" She froze in her tracks, driving one blade into the castle to hang from it. "What do you mean? I was told you were widowed…""I was, but I...found love again." Radiating white mana and all, he climbed up to meet the mantis up on a roof section."I see…." Lao could see the love and lust leaving her at the realization, cutting deeper than any denial she was given before. She nearly went back to her emotionless state, regret in her eyes as she clutched her chest with her free hand. "But why not tell me before? Now we're here, on a roof with tiny glass shards on our clothes….now I feel cold in my legs and my heart...""That is probably your cum…""Yes...you haven't answered my question. You let it go on for so long..." She let go and scaled-down beside him. They seated themselves on a roof that was right above the entrance. Lao turned her head and pointed down to the ground, where a certain Dhampir was standing with her mouth wide open. She was carrying a body that bled with each second, but she had stopped walking and had been listening to the soap opera the entire time. "Why is your murder-mate Melisa looking at us astonishedly like that?""Oh my fucking god!" was all she said as she dropped the body.
  
    Chapter Text
    "Why did you bring us out here Mel?" Add asked as he snuck behind Melisa. He was the loudest out of the two, as his metal armor thumped along the ground and rustled around with each joint he bent. "Are we doing another bounty? A prank?" He kept inquiring curiously, brushing away stray branches that blocked his pat. "Just keep following, I needed to show you something," she said, taking them through a few more bushes before emerging behind the last one next to a lake. "There," she said, pointing to Lao walking in the distance. Tucked under his arm was a book that he took with him."I do not get it, it's just a book right?" Add said confused, scratching his head."No, keep watching.""Alright, but I don't see anything happening..." Add stared at Lao walking along the Lake, getting bored rather quickly. "Melisa, this is wrong to spy on him…""Shh! Wait for it…." Add turned back to Lao, getting intrigued when Lao hopped off the path and slowed down. "Hmm?" He said to particularly no one as he spectated closely, seeing him sit down on a patch of grass and whistle. The water in front of him started to shift and bubble, and out pops a bunyip through the previously tranquil waterline!"Is that like a pet or associate?" Add thought, this spectacle raising more questions than answers. He was on the edge of the bush now, watching as the bunyip slithered up to Lao, plopped her tush right down beside him, and gave him a long, wet kiss on the cheek. He fell back from the bush in disbelief, grasping at straws on what he had just witnessed. "But, he...dead...love….""And get this. He has been doing this for a while now. And we have never been told!""He didn't even react…" Add's world felt like it had just been altered tremendously. "Doesn't he usually shrug off affection? He just sat there...and smiled. What is going on?""Oh, don't I have a tale for you…."(One explanation later...)"So that's what happened," Add said while leaning against a tree. Melisa had taken a spot on a chopped-down tree to explain everything. "So this bunyip...is like a second chance?""Yes, which is why I need your help. Actually no, I needed you to do everything. What if the bunyip dies? It would spell disaster for Lao…""I see your point. He might never learn to love again, for real this time!""Love? It isn't that!" Melisa exclaimed. "What if he barricades himself in the house once more? Then we would have to wait for an entire week and…" she trailed off when she noticed the suit of armor staring at her, with a slight head shake of disappointment. "...and if he was stuck inside for an entire week he would be alone to deal with the fallout…"Add nodded approvingly and peered back over the bushes. Lao was wrapping things up with the bunyip now, exchanging books and pecks on the cheek before continuing on his way past the lake. The bunyip was giddy with excitement, staring at the cover as she slipped back into the pond. "I hope that book has been waterproofed…""So Add, what are you going to do?" Melisa asked him."Don't you mean we?""No, I mean you. I, personally, do not care how he feels. If he isn't physically injured, then it is none of my concern. Also, I have no idea what I should do.""Figures. Well first, we will need more people to watch over him. I'll go get Witty, and you get….um…""The slut of a commander?""Marilyn, yes." They both nodded and went their separate ways to gather others for their plan, agreeing to meet back up after dark, when Lao would have been sleeping in his room.Lao went to bed oblivious to their plan, wishing Maggie a good night as he slipped under the covers. Maggie waited till his chest had stopped rising as high as it would when he was awake, then opened the door to the room. Add and Melisa was waiting outside for her, peering around her to check on him. "As you requested, he has fallen asleep. But why ask me to put him in a food coma?""We needed an extra hour to gather everyone. Follow us please," he said. The three of them went down the steps and outside of the castle to the garden, where everyone had been brought to wait. Witness and Geo were playing checkers, while Marylin was circled around the cadets. "Hear ye, hear ye," Melisa shouted to get everyone's attention, banging the hilt of her rapier on Add's armor. "Ignore the man beside me if he is hunched over. We have gathered her today on a very important topic that must be discussed. I presume we all know our good friend Lao?""Get on with the reason, Commander Add woke me up near midnight for this!" Jacob said back, unamused with bags under his eyes."Quiet wolf boy I have the podium. Now, it turns out that he has found another possible wife, but we need to make sure it doesn't turn out like the other one…""You can just say Seian, I think we can all respect her name," Witness said."Raise your hand before talking!" Melisa yelled. The dragon sighed and raised it, making sure he didn't hit a ceiling on accident."Yes?""Why can't we just allow him to do what he feels is right?""I agree," Elizabeth chimed in. "Mother always said that true love will find a way through everything.""Plus, this takes away from all our schedules Melisa," Geo added. "I am meeting with a client, I can't afford to reschedule.""Oh, you won't have to go with us, Geo. For you see, me and Addianus…"Add: "She didn't help on the plan.""Addianus came up with a wonderful idea. All we need you to do is to get the ball rolling."Geo tapped the armrest throne impatiently as he waited for Lao to come up to him. It was a stupid idea, he repeated inside his head. He was glad that Add had taken his schedule into account, but even then it was so bizarre. He had been asked, nil, instructed to be in his feminine form for this plan. He crossed and recrossed his womanly legs in frustration, sometimes getting up to see if Lao was rounding the corner on the spiral staircase. Finally, on one of his checks, he heard his footsteps and flew back to the chair to act natural. "Lao, welcome," Geo said, acting as naturally as he could."My king, er queen, you look like you went to work out," he noted, seeing beads of sweat on his queen's face. "Haven't you scheduled a meeting?""It is nice you are concerned, but trust me, I will be fine. However, did you know you have vacation days?""No, I didn't think I would need any with the time I have between missions," he responded."Well, I am giving you a day to do whatever you wish. Usually you would hover around in case needed, but this is purely a day for yourself, and whoever you wish to spend it with." She said, winking. "In fact, I know a nice place you can go to camp out…""Actually, I could go and visit my family. I can go spend time with them and-""No," Geo said, her voice bouncing around Lao's head as the omnibus' eyes started glowing. "You will go camp at the nice spot.""I will go, camp at the nice spot…" Lao repeated, being put under her spell."And you will take your crush with you,""And I will take my crush with me….ugh, my head…" Geo's eyes stopped glowing once the hypnosis had set. "Oh my dear, did you make sure to drink any water today?""I think so, the same thing happened when I got this blue symbol on my wri-""Sounds like a personal problem. Now go on! Have you fun with yourself and whoever, if you may choose."Lao nodded and went back down the steps, leaving Geo to get up and peer around his chair. "Di, you can get up now." The lilim hopped out from around the chair, making herself comfortable in Geo's throne. "Much better! You know, you should really have someone dust behind there, it gets on my clothing. Also, you could have come up with something way better than a 'personal problem'.""How long are you going to go on with him? I don't particularly like my subjects being toyed with.""I promised you when you caught me that I would ensure his safety. Now then, do you have the footage of him and Maggie?" Geo snapped his fingers, a camcorder dropping in Di's lap. "Wonderful! Now for my end." She whispered in his ear. "I heard your next monarchy has a particular affinity for felines. I would advise bringing a Chimera with you." She continued on with her intel as she powered on the camcorder, watching the hallway camera footage of Lao and his maid running around. "It's better than I could have ever imagined Geo~. Giving your target a loyal maid was a good investment. I knew an incubus like you could keep a secret.""Omnibus. Do you know when you will be finished with him?""Most likely when I have brought this story to sixty thousand words. What's a good shonen without a pinch of conflict and a few backstories?" She said, getting up with the camcorder and going back behind the chair. "Do visit Melko's establishment again at some point, we all do feel it when our favorite demon lord is gone.""And as for you?""Me? I will keep doing what I do best, obviously." With that, she disappeared, leaving a thin wisp of her being to fade away like steam behind him. Geo pinched the bridge of her nose in irritation, settling back into his throne and looking up at the ceiling of his throne room. "Cats, aye?…."Before leaving himself open to relax, Lao went around to others to see if they needed help on anything. However, Marylin had taken the cadets on a diplomacy trip, and Melisa and Add were nowhere to be found. Maggie watched him pace back and forth from the roof, sneaking back in through the window of his room when he went inside through a door. "Find his stuff, find his things," she repeated to herself as she went around the room, hiding anything that could remotely keep him from seeing the bunyip. Family-related items, his weapons, everything but a spare blue cloak that was imbued with a fresh scent of morning dew on the grass. She had all but cleared and rearranged the room by the time Lao had got there, pretending to iron the clock with her arm blade. "Maggie, you're rubbing a sharp object on a time-keeping object," he pointed out as he came inside the room."It is a new technique that I am trying," she answered with the same monotone voice. "It is how I made my maid dress.""Uhhh…" his eyes shifted toward her sleeves, which were still in tatters. "May I get my revolvers? I want to head out this morning." Maggie was about to ask if he was going to meet with the bunyip, but she caught herself with her arm before the words came out of her mouth. "Maggie, your arm blade is in your mouth," Lao told her, the mantis moving her arm away to see blood dripping from her lips. "Oh, well...I must tend to this. Enjoy your trip," she said, bowing and excusing herself to go find a medical person.Melisa watched from the shadows as Lao exited the castle, stopping to take a map with him before continuing on. She tailed him closely, hopping quietly from tree to tree as she watched over him. She had to stop before the lake, taking her seat next to the tree while Lao did her usual greeting with the bunyip. Except…."So Issia, it turns out that my day has been completely cleared," Lao told her cheerfully as they hugged."Does that mean we can finally read underwater?""Better, we can go to a camping site," he said excitedly, showing her the map of the campsite. "I was told it had everything to make our day more interesting.""That sounds nice. A good change of pace from your lake time. So we would have all day to ourselves?" Issia asked. "I have never had you for more than a while at a time you know.""Yep. I even brought the rest of the books I could find in my cadet's satchel." Lao patted the bag he held. "Someone had dropped it off for me, and I decided to bring some. I don't think Elizabeth would mind…""Look at Lao, stealing from his students, you dog," the bunyip said while playfully punching him. "You didn't have to do all that for me.""Well, I did. Bunyips can travel on land, right?""Of course, I am still a snake gal. My coat will just get a bit dirty." She slipped her tail out of the edge of the lake fully, circling around Lao with her wet body. "See, perfectly fine.""Fair enough." Lao unraveled himself from the bunyip and started walking off, with Issia walking off with him. Melisa's head poked above the waterline as they walked off. "So her name is Issia...funny name. Don't you think Add?" She lifted a coughing knight out of the lake, with water leaking out from the inside of the body. "I can't swim in this you know. All my clothes are wet…" he complained, followed by another cough of water. "Ah shrug it off, we need to make sure Issia doesn't kill herself. Did you send your husband to the campsite?" He coughed a couple more times before answering. "Yes, but can you please take me out?""Fine fine, but I'm not carrying your metal ass once you are out," she conceded, swimming out towards the shore. Melisa and a struggling Add continued to tail Lao and Issia to the campsite, with both pairs finding nothing but a cliff that overlooked a beautiful view, and four logs that surrounded a campfire currently put it. "That is it?" Melisa whispered. "It just looks like a pile of wood that someone called a campsite!" Issia had the opposite reaction, slithering over to the very edge to bask in the beauty. "Everything seems so beautiful!""Is this code red?" Add asked Melisa, seeing how close her body was from falling over the edge while she gazed at everything. "I don't know exactly if Witness is under the cliff…""We will just have to trust in him for now…" Melisa said, wanting to keep their location a secret. Witness wanted the same, digging his tail and nails into the rock face. He had free soloed down the cliff when he had heard them, and were now looking up at the end of a bunyip tail while she peered around. Each shift of his body causing tiny pebbles to fall down the heights. It made his heart beat faster looking down, even if he could escape easily with the wings on his back. "Lao, come join me on this view!" Lao chuckled and wet beside her, sitting down with his feet dangling over the cliff face. "This is really dangerous now," Add commented. "I hope my husband is there to keep them safe...""Hey, do you hear rustling?" Melisa asked, turning toward the noise. She had rotated just enough to take an arrow to the head, brushing apart her blond short hair as blood started to leak out of her forehead. "Fucking-""Melisa, are you alright!?" Add said, getting between her and where the arrow came from to block any more than came her way. She winced in pain as she pulled it out and put her finger over the wound, not lifting it off until it had healed back closed. "Great, what now…" More rustling came from around them as a group of bandits emerged, pointing blades and crossbows at the two."Well lookie here! Four stragglers have come to our spot fellas! Don't you all read?""Read what fuckface? The only thing I'm reading is my signature that I'm carving into your back." The crowd chuckled at her, finding her insults amusing. The leader was padded to oblivion with fur pelts and was the only one of them to have two crossbows at the ready instead of one. "Ha! The only word you'll be seeing for the rest of your days is 'pig' written across your boobs, right after we kidnap your boyfriend right there, amirite chaps?" The crowd chuckled again, elbowing and jesting with each other."Find then. Why don't I fight you then, sword on crossbow? Add, you fight the rest," Melisa said as she drew her rapier, deflecting another arrow that was coming towards her ear. "It's not like you can move in that furry suit of yours.""I am willing to wager that! You heard her chaps, tie up the armored lad for me. I'm going to put my new dhampir slave here in place!" The leader proudly proclaimed as she and Melisa went in search of a clearing. With the two gone, the group's attention was entirely on Add, once again left for dry. "Wait, what?""Get him!" went one of the men as two rushed to grab him by each side. Add ducked and punched one, then quickly pushed off the second before taking evasive action. His yelling for help could be heard from the campsite, where Lao and Issia were busy getting the campfire going. Issia dropped her wood as she turned towards the yell, turning towards Lao to see if he noticed. "Lao, I think someone needs help…""They are most likely being chased by game. They will be fine," Lao said dismissively, continuing to hit two stones together until their sparks caught onto the firewood. "We have light!""Woooo…." Issia cheered, watching the flame burn as the sun began to dip down the horizon. "Great timing as well. I could never light a fire like that.""What do you mean, it just takes a bit of practice.""Are you saying you would...teach me?" Issia asked, battering her eyes for emphasis."Of course I can teach you, it is easy! Watch…" Lao went around Issia's back, reaching his hands around to grab hers while he leaned over her. She giggled, feeling his body against her back. "Ohoho, frisky.""Only in your dream. Now then, you just have to hit it a particular way to get a spark. The rocks are already broken and given jagged and smooth edges for us to use, so now we are going to strike it, like wiping your hands together to get the dust off after chopping wood.""But with rocks?""Mmmm." He moved her hand with the smaller rock above the larger rock and ran the smaller rock hand down as fast as he could, catching the thin jagged edge of the larger rock."Hey, I saw sparks!""Yeah, now try it without my hands like how I did it." Lao moved back to her side, watching as she got the rocks into position. "Alright Lao, I will do it on one, two…""AAAAAAAHHHHHH!" The faint scream from the forest startled Issia, causing her to drop the rocks and her task. "Lao, I really think he is in trouble.""Or she. What a scream…." Lao said, unaware that it was his very Sir Add that had made the high-pitched shrill. Add seemed out of gas by the time he had reached the very beginning of where he started to run, panting in his armor as the crowd chasing him had circled back around. "This idiot thought he could outrun us in armor!" One person said, taking out a frayed rope. "End of the line for you, boyfriend.""One, gasp, I'm not her boyfriend, and, gasp, two, I would not recommend stepping further.""Words of someone that is going to be captured." The man with the rope started advancing on Add with all the smugness in the world, not noticing the lines he had walked into. He only had time for one confused look down before his world was turned upside down, yanked upright by string into a tree. The rest of the men panicked and looked around, not wanting to be caught in any more traps. "I told you all, you wouldn't want to step forward. Nor backward. Actually, any direction is really dangerous right now. Why else would I circle around here several times?""Whatever, they still have the crossbows!" Yelled the man hanging by his leg, as several arrow launchers were trained onto the knight. "Yes they do, but as I said, you probably shouldn't have moved…." On Add's cue, a large weight had landed behind the group. The air suddenly became chilly as a deep growl emanated from the beast, reverberating through the chests of everyone there. "I hope you don't mind if I add a person to our skirmish. He is the beast that I am a boyfriend to. I'm sure you all will like him, I know I do~"Another scream, this time of a group came from the area in the background. "Lao, there are more people now…""More people to hunt a hog?" Lao said dismissively again. "Come on, let's keep practicing the wooden way. So, do you think you have the technique down?""I, I think so…." Issia took a thin piece and a flat-ish piece of wood, placing the flat piece down on the ground and the thin piece between her palms. "Now rub away!" Lao said, Issia rapidly spun the thin piece back and forth until a wisp of smoke started to form."Arrg!" Went a random sound. Lao and Issia both turned towards it, seeing a limping follow with animal pelts and a crossbow trained at the two. Issia shrieked and coiled around him, burying her face into his neck. "You two….you summoned the dragon didn't you?" His hoarse voice asked. "I barely escaped with my life! But...I can at least take yours with me!" Lao looked at the sticks grabbing one it in his hands and holding it up towards him. "What, you think a measly wood can stop an arrow?""No, but a wooden piece on fire can," Lao said, holding the piece in the campfire and throwing it in the crossbow wielder's face. He shrieked and fell to the ground, clutching himself and rolling as all the fur pelts on him kept the fire from going out. He could feel Issia start to cry on his shoulder as the man slowly died in front of them, making an awkward silence between the two while the moon and stars started filling the night sky. "Hey Issia, it's uhh...the first star in the sky," he said in an attempt to dissolve the sudden tension. "Do you...wanna make a wish?""I wish to go home…" she said through sobs, Lao nodding. Without a word he, as best he could, stood up without removing her from his back. They both need to leave anyway before the stench of a burning body kicked in.As if by chance, another body went flying through the fire as soon as the couple was out of the vicinity. It was the clan leader, now filled with rapier holes and pelts soaked with blood as he also fell victim to death by flames. Melisa rolled out after him, fully grown into her vampire form. "And that is what you get for tearing my fucking cape you…..damnit, I can't think of an insult." She sighed and sheathed away her rapier, walking back where she came to find Add and Witness. "Enjoy sucking your own cock in hell I guess."It was a quiet and lonely walk to take Issia back home for Lao, but the compensation of her fur softly coiled around his skin and feeling her chest rise and fall was good enough. Occasional owl howls and crickets brought ambiance to a cloudless night while he walked. He thought about how for the most part, camping with her in fact went quite well. At least up until that random lunatic…Once at their grassy patch in front of the lake, Lao waded into the water, slowly unraveling the bunyip coils from his body until she was all spread out and floating on top of the lake. Wet or dry, her face still shined brightly to him, and put a nice smile on his face. "Hello Lao," he heard Melisa call to him as she jogged by. "I heard that you two idiots went camping beside a cliff. Are you trying to kill her as well?""Wha- I wasn't trying to kill her, and how did you know that?""Geo told me. Anyways is she alive or am I going to have to see you sulk around for another fortnight?""She is very much alive very much, thank you very much!""Ah, good then. Well, don't fuck her too hard. I know those vampires were degenerates but asleep mamono can't give consent," Melisa said. Lao nodded with a vexed frown, smacking his teeth while he carefully bright Issia to her bed. Melisa went ahead, jogging past him on her way to the castle. She cracked a smile as genuine as Lao's, but this time because it was a mission accomplished.
  
    Chapter Text
    "Elizabeth, be careful not to lose your doll!" The queen shouted as she watched her adorable 5-year-old run off with her mates. The small child ran around the castle yard with her other royal friends, chasing each other in their puffy dresses and suits. The guards watching over them were bombarded by constant toys that flew in their faces, having to catch and retrieve them each time some went over the wall. Elizabeth's dolls were just the latest in a long line to go sailing over the high wall from the children, a guard sighing as she went to go get it for her. Elizabeth waited excitedly, hopping up and down as her tiara bounced on top of her head."Hurry, hurry!" she giggled, as she watched the guard walk over to the doll. As the guard reached down, he heard two horses barreling in front of him, jumping back in panic as the doll ended up snagging the saddle on the horse. "Ah, sorry princess, two baboons came and stole the doll…" he said."What? But we need to get it back!" She started running after the horses, getting picked up off the ground by the guard. "No, the queen said to not let you go off by yourself again. The last time you escaped you ended up eating all the bread at the bakery. You have plenty of dolls already.""But mama said not to lose that one!" A bunch of other kids came out after her, seeing the door left wide open. One of the guards was changing them, trying to round them up. "Charles!""Oh, I left the door open. Princess, stay here." He made her promise before setting her down to get the other children but tugged between losing her doll and her pinkie, she made the choice to run after the horses. The guards wouldn't stop her, they were too busy stopping everyone else! "Someone get her!" one of the guards yelled. "We can't, the rest had already gone off for a time change! There will be no one watching the rest of the children.""It was time to change positions?" the first guard asked looking at the sun. It was halfway up to the top of his arc, meaning guards were starting to move about. With a bad string of luck, they had lost the princess in the few moments the number of guards overseeing the children had gone down. None of the citizens had made a grab for her either; who would want to risk angering the ruling family, after all.Continued to chance undisturbed, her tunnel vision keeping her from seeing her surroundings changed. She didn't stop running until her body finally gave, tripping over a root of a tree as she rolled to a stop. "Ewwwww, I'm muddy!" she yelled, bouncing back up and looking at her dress, all ruined by her tumble through the muck that made up the ground. On the plus side, she could hear the squeak of her doll nearby!She took off her shoes and started walking over to where the nose was, her ears sensing commotion long before she could see what was going on. A demon and succubus sat with each other, their horses waiting around a tree while they recouped and took stock of their belongings. Until now, they were complete fiction for all she knew; bedtime stories made up by her mother whenever she took one too many trips into the dungeon. Yet here they were in front of her, having breasts that shook each time one of them made a large enough movement. They also stank as well; not the gross kind, but the kind mother jokes about when she talks about weird stuff with father. The 'adult stuff kind'. On one hand, the monsters she was scared half to death of were right there and could probably make her pee her clothes with one evil eye.On the other, she could see her doll right there, lying beside the blue demon. "Hey, there is a kid beside us," the demon said to the succubus, both of them staring right at Elizabeth. It was terrifying, now they knew where she was! He had to run, or yell for mother, or….No. No! She was told not to lose that doll and she wasn't gonna! Puffing out her chest and taking a deep breath, she stup- bravely walked out there, right in front of the two. "I want my doll!" She said, holding her arms like her father does whenever he commands the knights. Surely they would be shaking in their shoes when she saw her, asserting her authority as she picked it up. She even stuck out her tongue for emphasis. Monster? What monster? All she saw were peasants!The demons seemed to freeze. Surely they had immobilized themselves in fear. Of course, all this was in her head, as the succubi just stared at her. Little Liz's confidence started to wane as the silence went on. Her fear simmered as she did the best she could to keep it down. The two succubi started to advance on her, Liz standing her ground in protest. "You are a brave little girl, I will give you that much," the demon said. "Do you know what happens to brave little girls?" The two had shuffled on their knees over to her now, their bodies mere inches away from the lad's."D-do they g-get their doll?""Even better~" The demon slowly opened her mouth in front of her. Elizabeth reflexively, holding her tiara tight to her head to protect herself from being eaten. "Mmmmmmwa!" went the demon, leaving a small kiss on Elizabeth's forehead. "There, brave little girls get their doll and a kiss!""I think you put the fear of god in here," the succubus commented. "A bit too hard…."Elizabeth opened her eyes, seeing herself completely unharmed, besides the lipstick on her forehead. Her doll was back in her hand, instantly making her forget about anything she felt earlier as she hugged it tightly. "See, she is perfectly fine," the demon said, chuckling as she watched Liz cuddle the doll. "I mean, we have standards, and we were in the middle of escaping. Even if I wanted to, it would take too long to make a devil out of her.""I mean, you are not wrong," the succubus replied as she went to hop on her horse. "We are still 'convicts', so we should probably save rest for later.""If freeing those poor people from the lies of that priest is a crime, then you shall give me life," the demon replied, going to her horse as well. "They would have a much better time in Makai." Elizabeth watched as the demon tried to hop on her horse, but the horse kept shifting and buckling around."Woah there miss, what is wrong?" the demon asked the horse. She hopped off and started trying to calm her. Elizabeth saw why the horse was bucking around before the demon, eyeing a few splinters that were stuck in one of the horse's rear legs. She edged close and poked the Demon in the thigh, the demon hopping a bit before noticing Liz beside her. "What is it child? Do you want another kiss?""The horse has something in its leg!" She said, the demon squatting down to check for herself. "I see! Well, that's deserving of some more affection. Maybe a ride back home, now that I think of it." The demon started removing them, getting the last one out before the horse hooved her in the chest by mistake. "Ah fu…." With the wind knocked out of her, she staggered back into a tree, clutching her broken chest while she slid down the rough bark. The horse, Liz, and her partner all came over to her aid, the horse nuzzling her cheek to apologize."It is alright, I should have known you would, agh, react to the pain…" The succubus helped her up, the demon's eyes squeezed shut each time she tried standing up straight. She fell back down, groaning and on her side. "We can't continue like this!" the succubus cried. "We are gonna get caught with just one person able to fight…."Liz felt the guilt press on her shoulders. If only she didn't say anything, she wouldn't have broken bones hurting her insides somewhere. The child came over and grabbed the demon's hand, tearing up in the eyes as she struggled to apologize. "Ssssss," the demon said. "It is alright. It is a long shot but...would your house happen to be in the kingdom we passed through?" Not long after the question, she coughed out blood, most likely from damage to a punctured lung."That's right!" Chimed the succubus. "Child, please, can you take us to where you came from? We can hide there while I heal her!" Elizabeth didn't understand the nature of what she was doing, but she nodded, wanting the demon to feel better. Off they went, with the succubus guiding once horse, while the demon and Elizabeth sat on the other. "Please don't die," Liz kept telling her, hugging her waist as they dashed through the woods to the castle….."Donn die…" Elizabeth continued to mutter in her sleep, while Shadow Star watched over her. He stared at her peaceful face, then out of the window of the castle. He could almost imagine the trio arriving, being surrounded by the knights in the courtyard as Elizabeth tried to explain what happened. He silently judged her, lying beside her and checking under her pillow. His hand caught something unusual. He ended up pulling a first-aid kit out from under, murmuring before stuffing it back in its hiding spot. He still had hours before the time Elizabeth requested to be woken up and had full access to any other dreams that Liz possessed. Red and black smoke seeped into her head. "You have noticed this one as well?" S.S. said to the other soul, seeing a memory that looked a lot like a dream of Elizabeth and Jacob-As any teen that had a fantasy to hide, Elizabeth instantly woke up, grabbing a pillow as she smothered his face under it. "Never go there again," she said with a quivering smile as she slowly lowered herself back down to sleep. The soul grumbled but faded back into the sword, going to sleep as well until he had to fulfill his task.After some patient waiting, the sun finally started to push away the glitter pattern in the sky, turning it dark as its corona showed itself on the horizon, pouring into the room after an hour of pushing upward through the sky. He reformed over her, staring down at her as the sun came up. "It is time to wake up, as you asked."A long yawn came out of her as she rose, stretching her arms up to the ceiling. "Morning," she said quietly, her cheek still blushing from before. "Oh my, you're crouching over me Shadow Star.""I figured casting a shadow would help, but it wasn't bright enough…." her hand went up to pat his hair, running her hand through the black strands. "Do you clean your hair inside of me?""We are connected, so whatever happens to your body, has a good chance of happening to mine. It is your care that aids mine.""So that's why it feels so nice. Makes you look cute.""Cute?" He asked, arching a confused eyebrow. She nodded, sliding out from under him to get the day started. "We can focus on your good looks later! It's family night!"Family night. A tradition as old as families. It has come in many names and many forms throughout time, and a social gathering at an estate archery club was just one of many ways to be utilized. Anyone who was relevant was gonna be there. Lao had even agreed to bring Issia with him, without needing any hypnosis or spells!As people filed in, Jacob kept staring at the sky, checking the placement of the sun as it rose and descended through the sky. Add had noticed how no one from his family had come yet, coming over to check on him. "You have been standing at the gate for a while now," Add said. "Arent' your fellow cadets here?""Liz is too busy with her own clique, and Val…." Jacob casted a sideways glance at Valhalla, who was busy standing beside her mother like an awkward bodyguard. "Mother, may I go see Elizabeth?""You may, as long as you stay within the area." Valhalla nodded and went to Liz, walking in on the tail end of a recent joke. "Oh Val! My and my friends were going to go watch some prisoners do laborious tasks. Do you wish to come?" Elizabeth asked."Well….no, um, I have….things, here to do," Val said, casting a quick side looksie to see if her mother was watching."Oh well, have fun. We will be back soon, I promise!" Elizabeth said as she and her posse traveled off for a quick side trip. "...I feel bad for Val," Jacob said, watching Valhalla silently watch Liz and her squadron leave the grounds. "Which is why I'm not making it worse.""Are you sure that is the reason?" Add pushed on. "That is highly uncharacteristic of you. Usually, you would at least talk to someone by now. I mean, there is always Melisa and Lao.""I don't like her, and Lao is…" he looked towards him, seeing him lying against Issia while he hiccuped from the alcohol he took in. "Lao is also busy.""Fine then, you can hang out with me," Addianus cheerfully said, pointing his thumb up to himself."You are lame, old man."Add seemed taken aback, placing a hand on his chest plate for emphasis. "I am not lame nor old! I do many interesting things.""Like talking to people, wow, very interesting. You'll probably want to just, go on a long walk with me around the walking path….""N-No! I was not thinking that…" Add trailed off, quickly coming up with something else to do with him. "We can go do archery, since we are at an archery club anyways.""Oh? So you weren't about to drag me on a long walk?" Jacob said, cocking an eye towards Add. The man shook his head, his armor chinking while all the while. "Yes, archery. Most definitely." Jacob complied and followed him to the area, a field's length long with targets at varying distances from the two. "Have you ever did archery?" Add asked him as he chose his bow. "For hunting and the like?""Don't need a bow when I have this guy right there," he responded, patting his biceps. "That piece of wood probably doesn't even have much power…""Are you sure?" Add pointed to the target with the least amount of distance to cover. "Try hitting that then.""Easy." Jacob picked up an arrow and leisurely to it, winding his arm as he gauged how far he would have to aim upward. "A point-blank target is an easy one…." he started, getting into a baseball form as he tightened his grip on the arrow. "...to hit!" He let loose, throwing the air hard enough for it to sound at few through the hair. It hit shook the target as it embedded into one of the rings, almost halfway deep."Impressive, but you can do this easily with a bow." Add casually took an arrow to notch and aimed, not even going over to where Jacob was standing when he fired. From the stash of arrows, he matched Jacob's power with the draw of a string. He was more precise too, hitting near the bullseye; twice as close as Jacob was."Pfff. I wasn't trying yet." Jacob jogged over to pick up another arrow, making sure it was good in his paws as he swung for the next target. It indeed looked faster than the first, slamming into the farther target with authority. Add followed up with another arrow shot, and another, and another. All three of them landed closer to the second bullseye than Jacob's, with the last one hitting the center. "That isn't possible! You must have cheated, or something," Jacob accused, moving to the longest target immediately with an armful of arrows. Add followed with his own bundle, dropping them on the ground as he looked down at Jacob."This, is where boys turn into men, Addy-boy," the wolf boy remarked. "Then I guess you will be growing quite a bit soon," came the snide come back from behind the helmet. Jacob gave a toothy smirk before letting go of all but one arrow, unleashing a football-esque throw down the stretch of the field. It spiraled beautifully in its arc, dropping down after its peak into the edge of the tiny target. "Oh my, what a throw!" he gawked, mocking Add's voice in the process.Add gave Jacob a charismatic wink, drawing the bow back far, then father until it couldn't be pulled back anymore. It snapped back violently once his fingers let the string go, vibrating back and forth as the arrow shot away. It took a more direct path towards the target, barely using an arc as it went right through the target, knocking it down in the process. Add turned back towards Jacob, his blank stare waiting for another response. Jacob scoffed, walking off. "What, nothing?" Add called out."The bow almost broke, like I needed this anyways," Jacob said over his shoulder. He looked up at the sky, but was unable to see the sun behind the tree foliage. "It is almost time…""Time for what?" Add asked. Jacob thought about answering but decided to save it for later. Add was curious about what he was thinking of all over again, but it wasn't long until Jacob was ready to share. He plucked Valhalla and Add, taking them to a remote area where no one would care to look for them. "So, what did you wish to share?" Add asked."Please do hurry to share it, my mother will notice I'm gone eventually," Valhalla added, feeling pressed for time as she looked around the area."Your mom is boring and so are you if you don't get out once in a while. I saw you staring at Liz," Jacob responded seriously. Valhalla did not object, rubbing her shoulders while she waited for whatever Jacob was ready to reveal. "Now, don't judge me for this." He climbed up a tree, grunting while pulling himself up branch by branch. High up, he could see the moon for all its luminosity. It was a full one as well, making Jacob's pupils swell as they were absorbed in the beauty of it. It was no time for moongazing, however, as he had two people below him that were essentially dragged out of the family night. He took a deep breath, puffed out his chest, and howled. His howl carried its way above the forest, echoing for miles as he used up all of the breath at his disposal."That was….something Jacob," Valhalla said. "But why did you bring us out just to hear your howl?""It's not just the howl," he responded as he jumped back down. "It's what follows that is the worst part…""Then doing the howl is stu….unadvisable no?" Val caught herself."You can say stupid, I understand. It's not dangerous, just, they aren't the best…annoying, actually.""So you were waiting for your family this entire time?" Add asked. "So that's why you seemed so silent before…""Just my sisters are coming," The three of them heard walking in the bushes, and a voice that was commanding another. "Hurry up slave, didn't you hear the howl!?""Ugh, here is the first one…" Jacob said as a werewolf emerged around a tree. Behind her was an alp dragging a full-sized wagon full of food and other supplies for her. He looked covered in lashes and smelled of cum, with two strings meeting to a ball gag in his mouth that was attached to the wagon along with the wagon handle. The werewolf, however, looked clean, with her ample form and jugs fitted into a jet black military suit. Her black hair was neatly trimmed into a hime cut, aside from two bundles that hung from her front, and was stuck under a matching black cap. Her gaze seemed to look down on her pet, tapping her foot as he slowly dragged the heavy wagon over. "You useless front of a man, embarrassing me with your pace of a slug! Maybe I should have let you suffer in your chastity belt." She unhooked his ballgag, finally, he fall down onto the ground."Shameless, simply shameless." she pressed his face into the dirt with her foot then walked over to the three that had been watching her. "Excuse me for my pet, he can be such a hindrance sometimes," she said, bowing dramatically. Despite her apology, her entire aura felt corrupted to the core, leaking out especially with how she looked at Val and Add. Those yellow orbs of hers saw not new associates, but prey. Jacob however, he was the only one that looked unfazed by her. "Jakeeeey, are those your new friends?~" She asked, walking over up to him. Her size dwarfed his by an entire foot, making it all the more easier for her to push her breasts up against his eyes. "I'm so honored that my little jakey-wakey has found playmates!""Get your hands off me Dominika," he responded, pushing her away harshly. "And my name's Jacob, I'm not four anymore.""Even if you aren't, you will always be to me." Her smile to him was the warmest of her expressions by far, a drop of care amongst the sadism on display. She stood on her toes, putting a hand over her eyes as she looked around. "Oh my, am I the first one here? Shame too, I would have you all to myself if it weren't for…" She took a glance at Add and Valhalla. "Notably pure friends of yours. Does Jakey Wakey wanna be human again?""I wouldn't touch him for the life of me, he would need to go to someone else," Val said."You wouldn't touch this fluffy fellow? Just look at him, he's patting material!" Dominika said, rubbing his cheeks while he pushed her face and body away. "Squish squish squish!""Get off me fuckface!" Their hands kept sliding off each other as they bickered all the way back to the archery club. One sister down, and more to go.After dropping off her things and her personal servant inside, she went around to meet everyone, shaking hands until she was able to slide over to the bar for a drink. "Everyone is so friendly for a bunch of orderites. Especially the blond fellow," she told Add as he sat beside her. Jacob was still stuck beside her as well, tied to Dominika by handcuffs after he had tried one too many times to stop her from pinching his cheeks. "Liz," he said unamused, his left hand moving every time she lifted her hand to take another sip. "She's my favorite. I shook her hand, and when I let go, a cookie appeared! Besides, I think she has feelings for my little brother~"Add peeked over to Jacob to see his reaction, but the werewolf boy refused to give her the satisfaction. He stared into the bottles behind the counter, leaning away if Dominika tried to do anything. "So...are any other sisters going to come?" Add asked, wanting to break the tension."Yes, I do not know when. The family howl can only carry so far," Dominika responded. "It is a nice break from my duties in the order. I get to see the others again, alive and as adorable as before.""You sure don't seem to like the alp.""Oh, him? He doesn't mind all the cruelty. I know it seems inhumane, but my little masochist loves it just as much as I like watching his butt shake under my whip~" She took another sip of her drink. "What I would give to discover my kinks all over again…I could find even more weak-minded men and boys to corrupt.""I liked her better before she became a werewolf.""I know Jakey, but it's not like we could help it. A beastmen ambush is near impossible to get away from as humans.""Beastmen ambush?" Add asked curiously. "Wait, he hasn't told you how he became this bundle of purple? She responded, patting Jacob's ears. "I guess it isn't too interesting; after all, people get monsterized all the time. But is what happened after that is the interesting bit of our tale…""You see, we all sort of scrambled away, and got separated from our parents. As for I, I guess you could say I took the more...demonic route. Gave in to the temptation and found my first underling to lewd until the moon came up and went back down again. After that it was a downward spiral of sex and ropes, and what do you know! I command an army in Royal Makai.""Gross," went the bored wolf boy. "Can I leave now?""Of course, I wouldn't want to give you an imprint on your wrist." She undid her suit coat and unbuttoned her dress shirt, the key to the cuffs tucked in between her lingerie-covered breasts. "Come on Jakey wakey, hand or mouth is perfectly acceptable~""Dominika!" She pouted and took out the key, dropping it in his hands. She watched him unclasp the cuffs and head off back to the party in a hurry. "Remember to do the call again! Just...in….case.""Ugh, am I a bad sister?" she asked Add suddenly, putting her head into the table. "I thought incubi were supposed to like seduction…""Not from sisters, I assume.""Yeah, no wonder he likes the others better. Well, except one…" The Add and Dominika heard a loud crash, seeing the cadets in a pile and their weapons all cast to the side. On top of them was another werewolf with similarly sized breasts and a bushier, orange tail, and set of ears. A swashbuckler's sword was tied to her hip, and her outfit matched the weapon - a pirate's loose corset that rested below her shoulders, cap off by the fitting hat with a purple skull and crossbows. "Ahaha! You are still as weak as ever Jacob, and so are your new friends!" The werewolf said, hopping off the pile and looking around to see everyone staring at her. "Oh, like you haven't had to beat up a child before. I know you have king," she said, talking to Elizabeth's father. "You look like royalty. You have definitely hurt a child before.""Why am I locked in this closet!" she said as she banged on the door to where the bows are stashed. "And why is this not breaking with my fists? Human doors are supposed to be fragile!""Because it's an actual door that was built to keep monsters from breaking in," Add answered. "And because you don't go beating up children at a social gathering.""Arrg, let the lasses have a bit of roughing! What is so wrong about a few punches?" She said, taking a pipe out of her pocket and looking for something to light it with. "People are so soft nowadays, it's why I don't settle down.""Oh?" Add asked, leaning against the door. "And who might you be then?""Captain Holly, or was it not obvious by the way that I look you twat!""Take it you are more than associates of Jacob?""Me and Jay are like this," she said, sort-of-but-not-really intertwining her paw fingers. "It would look better if I still had hands.""I know, monsterization. But where did you go after, since you are going to be here for a while.""What? You think this story is as happy as miss Dommy's? Her and I went back to the village, but you know what we saw?""No, but I'm sure it wasn't pleasant.""You would be right, smartass." Add didn't mean to come off as sarcastic, but it felt too late to say anything now. "Dominika and I found our parents, going at it like a duo of rabid dogs. Literally. Didn't even care enough to slow down in front of their own children. Our mother, it was understandable after some time; we had all felt the effects of becoming a werewolf pack as well. But our father, he shouldn't have been as lost as her from the start…""You think he gave up?""You bet your echoing voice he did. I remember the anger I felt that day…" Add heard something flick, followed by smoke seeping through the barred windows. She had apparently figured out a way to light her pipe. "We found our other mates, but once we came back to show them, the two were gone. Probably locked themselves away in some cave to fuck for eternity.""I see...we can switch topics if you-""I wasn't done!" she snarled, slamming her fist into the door. "Those bums left our asses out to dry! We had to hunt for food, lil' Aldy was crying all the time, 'where's mah, is daddy coming back, why aren't you two saying anything?' I wanted to tell her so fucking bad; that you should forget about that bitch and her fuckmeat, but Dominika said not to say a word....it was pitiful." She clenched the pipe in her teeth, grinding it between her canines and molars while tears ran down her face."That...I didn't mean to bring up old memories….I'm sorry if it hurt.""That. You're sorry that it hurt," she wiped her eyes, a long puff of smoke coming out the pipe. "I am not a weakling, I can handle some rain from my eyes. All that happened after is that I marched off and became a seadog. To tell you any more than that...well...I would have to kill you afterwards.""I see, well, I'll come back to free you later.""Free me now pussy!""No, you can handle yourself." He gave her a singular nod before walking away, ignoring her gaslighting insults and the banging of a locked door that was loose at the hinges. When he came back to where everyone was, he saw Val and Liz sitting around Jacob, watching over him while they nursed his sore elbow. "Are you alright?""Smh." he turned away, wincing while Elizabeth continued massaging the pain out. "Liz, that's too hard…""If I don't do it like this, it would hurt into the night," she said. "Valhalla, is your wing alright?""It has been worse," she said, resting Jacob's head in her lap. He turned back up at Add, glaring at him. "The only redeeming thing about this night is my semi-chub from being on Val's thighs. I don't even know why I called them…""I mean, surely there has to be one sister that you are looking forward to," Add said. Jacob stared up at the underboob of Val's breasts plate in thought. "There are the two others.""Two?""Yep, two small, perky ones. Unfortunately confined in metal from anything sexual…" Val, unfortunately listening the entire time, pushed his head off from her lap and onto the ground. "Ow…""So, these two sisters of yours," Add said, watching Valhalla march back to her mother flustered."They exist-ow! Liz my hand!""Ahh!" She let go of his wrist in a panic. "I didn't mean to hurt your paw!"After Jacob was feeling better to walk, Add took him on one of his long walks. Jacob's eyes wandered around as they moved about, seeming disinterested in everything he saw. "You have quite the family," Add told him. "Two older sisters and more on the way…""Who cares, each time we get together I get tortured," he said. "Everyone isn't here yet and my body already hurts….""You are giving up already?""You would understand if you had your own sister. They always do this, bug and belittle me like a child...""That doesn't sound like only a sister thing, and I'm willing to wager the other ones aren't like that at all," Add said cheerfully as they took a turn down a new path. "I should know, I do indeed have a sister. Or, is one not enough?"Jacob shrugged his shoulders, not having a definitive answer. Their turn ended up taking them back to the gathering, where a new werewolf had made her appearance. Unlike the other two, she was shorter and small chested, wearing a green button-up and green jeans, and having a green ribbon tucked into her blue hair. Her tails and ears wagged to no end as she talked to everyone, seeming in the middle of a routine. "Oh god…" Jacob said as they joined the circle to watch."What is wrong with her? Is she bad as well?" Add asked confused. "She's just telling a joke.""As long as she isn't telling the one when….""...And Jake just fell in the river!" The crowd was chuckling at her story, but not as much as the teller. "He was struggling so much, I didn't have the heart to tell him his pants were backwards!""She's telling that story…" Jacob marched up to the werewolf, grabbing her paw by paw. The werewolf stopped chuckling and hugged him on sight, acting as if it was a pleasant surprise he came. "Jack!""You could at least stick with one name," Jacob said, taking her from the group before she could do any more damage. She clung on to him with the hug, chatting away pleasantries while Jacob brought her back to where he and Add were. "Alright Aldwell," he said, putting her down on the ground. "Who said you could tell that story?""Aldwell?" Add said, looking down at the smiling werewolf, getting a toothy grin back. "That's right sir! I am youth guild leader Aldwell, here to help any time of the moon. Say, you do look a bit old, are you getting enough of a healthy diet?""I am still pretty young among my peers!""I don't know sir, your voice sounds aged," Aldwell pointed out. "Are you using your armor to keep your image ambiguous so we wouldn't have to know?""I told you, you seemed old Add!" Jacob yelled."Enough." Add undid his helmet and tilted it just enough for golden hair to show against his neck. "See? A healthy mane of a young and active individual." The two siblings looked at each other and, through their eyes, decided not to ask him about the issue of the fossil in front of them anymore. "I am going to assume you two know my age now. Back to you Aldwell, you seem quite young to be leading a group.""Is fifteen years too young for someone to be up and about? I'm only a bit younger than Jacob, and he is practically living on his own.""That is a fair point, although he lives with me and a dragon nowadays.""That sounds cooler than living 'off the land' like you put it Jacob.""Yes, I guess you could say that. It is as if my efforts were rewarded or something," Jacob said with prestige oozing off his voice."I wish I could do that, or go treasure hunting, or command an army, or be the queen of a tribe…" Add did a double-take on the last item. He understood the first three, but… "queen of a tribe?""She would be referring to me," went a fourth, stern voice. From the shadows emerged three hooded figures, with the lead figure's hood adorn with patterns marked in various paints. "Am I late?""You're the last one this time," Aldwell said, Jacob nodding with her. She snapped in frustration and sighed, pulling down her hood to reveal brown, messy wolf ears and hair, being adorned by a wreath made of twigs, string, and small jewels woven in. Her eyes were the same predatory yellow of Dominika's, but they seemed more docile and mature on the fourth, and apparently the last werewolf. "Damn, very well then. If it helps my standing, my two escorts were clearing my path.""It doesn't Page, this moon is not for you!" She nodded and went up to Add, shaking his armored hand. "I would like to formally introduce myself.""Hello Page," Add said, looking at her paw and hair. "You are a lovely shade of brown tonight.""Oh, and I didn't even put my makeup on…" The two escorts came up to her, holding up a claw bowl of red gel. "I am joking, you both may step down. Also, you are the first to call my blood coat...lovely.""This is blood?""Of my enemies and my prey. What else would stain fur such a dirty color?"Add nodded and brushed his hand against his side as sly as he could. "Oh, no need to worry, the blood had long since soaked into my very being. It is the tribe's way.""How did a sister like yourself find yourself with such a tribe?" Add asked."Through a search for meaning, of course. Without guardians, it is hard to have the guidance that will let your natural soul shine. But luckily, nature itself gave me a way…" She said starry-eyed, squatting down and finger-patting a flower. "The spirits watch over us and make sure that whatever fate is chosen for us is the one fit. It is how I found my tribe and became its crowned diplomat...and general." Her eyes seemed to leave her body for a moment, glazed over with repressed memories flowing through her mind."Sounds very involved," was Add's only comment."Very indeed. Occasionally, I will go on a trip of work or merry. Regardless, I must bring these two with me to ensure my safety.""Holly gets arrested by her clan every year," Aldwell said. "At this point, it's tradition!""I would imagine," Add said, turning back to Jacob. "They don't seem as bad Jacob.""Trust me, once you get to know them, they will end up pretty annoying." Taking his word for it, Add indeed got to know them over the next few hours. From his perspective, they all seemed too polite and docile to be annoying as Jacob puts it (then again, it is always like that from the outside). His time with each only increased as others began to file out from the archery club, with many reaching the limits of how much they could stay awake. Liz and Val both gave their farewells early, leaving Jacob among the last to be left. "Can we go home Add?" Witness asked while laying on the ground. His words were accompanied by yawns that came out on a regular basis."It is pretty late...but I'll stay.""Are you sure?" Wit asked disappointedly. "It would be a lonely flight without you by my side...""I'll make it up for you," said sincerely, giving him a hug, kisses, wishes for a safe flight. It was a sight to watch, seeing him lumber up and slowly flap his wings until he had enough altitude to travel. The random dips in height made him worry, but Add was pretty sure he'll make it back, relatively unharmed. Went around the archery course, trying to find where the five of them had situated themselves. He started picking up a mix of wine and meat wafering in from the edge of the course. He followed the smell downhill and off the path, getting confronted by Page's two scouts. "You must not come here," one said. "Not even you shall interrupt the queen.""Sleep?" Add peeked around them, catching a glimpse of what he was smelling before the concealed scouts moved in the way of his vision. Poultry, wine, and water lay about, surrounding the siblings as they had collapsed on each other to sleep away everything in their stomachs. "Awwww….did I see them cuddling?""We will poke your eyes out if you did.""I-i didn't! I did not see your queen and her family cuddling.""Good." They said in unison, backing away while keeping one eye on Add. Still, it brought a smile to his face to see Jacob all bundled up amidst her sisters. There was a bit of drool though, yuck.
  
    Chapter Text
    "Virto, I need you to watch these two again," Di asked, pushing Holi and Ice inside the library."Di, it's 6 in the morning," he said tiredly, his eyes droopy as he was half asleep."I know! But this is very important that I am here today.""Can't we do this in four hours?""I understand morsel, but this is one of the few times it is just out of my hands enough for me to adjust on my side. Just, tuck them into bed next to you and wear these," she said, putting earmuffs on Virto's head. A flash of light washed over them, locking themselves to his ears. "Surely if the bed can fit an inari it can fit a small automaton and another the size of a key trinket." Virto sighed and took them inside, Di closing the door once they were deep away in the library. She cleared her throat and poofed up a mirror to check herself, making sure she appeared well and antagonistic enough.Feeling a presence approaching, she hid away the mirror and sat desirably in front of the library. "Well well well Lao!" he said as he was in view, running up to her with his sword in hand. "It seems you have finally found my secret location!""I'm gonna kill you!" He said, leaping up to bring the sword down on her head. She grabbed the blade with ease, stopping his attack in its tracks. The sword shook as Lao tried pushing it down, but Di's arm stood firm. "You have to wake up quite early in the morning to have a chance of taking my head.""Do you have any idea what you have put me through during the last few days?""No, but please remind me. I just love it when my plaything's face is all scrunched up and motivated~" She booped him to set him off, then leaped away from a sideways swing that cut through the door. "Tsk, Tsk, Tsk. Too sloooow," she sung, leaping away again from a jab. "Come on Lao, can't we discuss this instead of fighting?""How about you try babysitting hellwans then!?"
  (Flashback!)
"So, you are Hunget?" Lao asked, holding his hand out towards a green wan child with a club in her hand and brown-orange hair covering her eyes. "My symbol glowed, so that must mean that you are in my care for today." The green wan nodded, pointing to her three sisters that were surrounding Maggie. "I see. So, what should I do?" he wondered, muttering about if children are able to drink coffee when she winded up his club and hit him square in the nutsack. His eyes rolled back and his knees buckled as he crouched over, holding his poor junk as the wan climbed onto me and proudly proclaimed Victory.
  (End of flashback)
"I'm sure they were nice, their mother and father told me that they were able to spend some time together," Di said as Lao dashed beside her and delivered a swing on her arm. It collided as if her arm was steel, sending sparks flying as the sword grinded against her body. "Well that is unfortunate for you!""How about when you sent that mamono!?" he yelled next, his white aura reacting to his anger and lighting up brightly on his body.
  (Another flashback!)
"I will admit Lao, I'm pretty sad that this was the last book in the series," Issia said as she closed the one in her hand. "I'm glad the author found love with a cockatrice, but now...I do not know." She placed the book down, staring out at the lake. "Now we have nothing else to read…""Oh, are you...sure about that?" He asked, hiding his smirk behind his cup of coffee. "What if I happen to know of another book in the series?" He could see Issia's ears wiggle a bit, intrigued by the words that had found their way into her hearing tools. "But that is impossible...I even checked out of desperation!""I knew you would, so I hid them! We actually have a few more to go through!" Issia laughed and hugged him before looking around. "Where are they then? Wait...are you tricking me?""Not at all." He casually put down his cup of coffee and went to one of the trees surrounding the lake. He had been planning this for a bit in advance, ready to surprise her with more to read. He hopped up a branch and started ascending, Issia waiting by the lakeside as he disappeared in the foliage. While she waited and hummed, a yell of pain sounded from the tree, followed by a scuffle. Lao and a blue form fell down from it, the blue one falling too fast to get a clear picture. "Lao?" Issia yelled, going over there to see if he was harmed. He laid in pain beside a blue oni, with not much height and bust to her hame. Most of her body was concealed in form-fitting clothes similar to a ninja, and under her arm was a jug the size of her body, filled with blue liquid and tipped off by a cap that narrowed into a small point. As for Lao, he was knocked out and his shoulder had thin purple smoke rising from it. Upon a closer look, the purple was coming from a cut that was filled with the blue liquid. She picked him up and coiled around him, trying to squeeze him awake. "L-lao, are you ok?""Nooooooo," he said. His voice was a throaty whisper of what it was, eyes barely open enough to let light in. "I think...that was aphrodisiac.""How dare she!" Issia turned around, but the oni was running away, leaning forward with her arms trailing behind like she was in some anime or something. Unable to catch her, she turned her attention back to Lao, moving in circles as she tried to figure out where to go....
  (End of flashback .w.)
"It was just a temporary incubization. No harm in the end, except for awkward erections,""I had to go to a medic!" Lao yelled, jumping back and quickly loading his revolver. "Do you know how hard it is to get a lust potion out of your system without sex?""Just have sex dear~" Di raised a blue shield to block the oncoming bullets, watching the satisfying ripples of the projectiles hitting it. "Simple really. You even have a proper monster girl to aid you." The stream of bullets stopped for a moment. Di put her ear to the shield, but he didn't hear the little clatter of more bullets being added to the chamber. "Strange, has the hero given up already?" she asked herself, lowering the shield. His sword went sailing into her neck, piercing through her skin with the force three minotaurs. "Ahhhh cupcakes..." She yelped as Lao closed in on her, pressing her against the wall as blood as clear as rubbing alcohol streamed down her neck. "It seems as if my hubris has gotten the better of me. Well done morsel!""Take the symbol off my wrist!" He demanded, pushing the sword further down. The Lilim gagged as it appeared through the back of her neck, coughing like a child with smallpox. "D-done…." she said, the blue imprint evaporating away. "You are rewarded for making it this far.""Now where is this man I'm supposed to find?""Merely inside of course. Just take the, cough cough, sword from my neck and I will be glad to show you him.""How do I know you will comply?""If I am being honest, even Lilims require time to heal. Also, I am losing oxygen." Lao pulled the sword from her neck, letting her stagger against the wall. "Well?""Just a moment," Di pleaded, her wound stitching itself up with magic medical string. She grasped at her neck, smiling once more as she could feel none of her insides on her fingers. "How Lovely. Oh yes, I promised you a captive..."The Lilim took him to a bed in the middle of the library, where two children and an adult were sleeping. All of them had some form of ear coverage as they slept. To any normal person, it would be sensible as the sun had barely emerged to radiate onto everything. However…"What spell do you have them under?" Lao asked. "Release them.""Spell?" For a moment, Di had forgotten what she had been doing, focusing on removing the threading now that her neck had healed back."Yes. Someone like you probably had used some magic to keep them in a coma.""Coma...why yes, I..did!" Freestyling a bit, she leaned over Virto, tapping his earmuffs. "Why you see, what is a devious lilim without a devious plan. Yes, it is true! These earmuffs keep them fast asleep!" Lao clenched his teeth while Di was just glad she saved it. "I shall take them off and restore their memory, but, you must do the hardest task of all. You think I would have given them to you for free?""I will not listen to you anymore!" Lao said, drawing his sword. Di raised her shield once more, surrounding herself in it. "That's right Lao! Humor me and leave your long lost friend stuck under my magic!" Di waited as bullet after bullet hit the shield, but she had learned from her mistake before. She had made the orb that encased her one way so that she could see Lao, but Lao had no idea that her protection was only half-opaque. She watched as Lao faked reloading his gun, then silently raised his sword. "Huh," she said, poking tiny holes in her shield to communicate. "You know, this looks like a really obvious strategy when I see it with my own eyes…""I thought your shield was opaque…""It was, but I am not getting fooled twice. What do you take me for, a hack? Now, will you listen?" Lao lowered his sword, begrudgingly putting his weapons away. "Good. Now then, your task to triumph over all tasks will be…" her pause for dramatic effect made Lao's heart rate speed up as he steeled his mind to take on any horror she might throw at him. He could see it in the gleam of her eyes as she glowered, cackling as she uttered the words-
  "
  Meeting with the bunyip's family!"
"How evil could you ge- what?""Meeting her family. I know you will probably go and leave this world once you have found him, but you might as well go to home plate with her, take the next step in the monogamous relationship. Besides, watching you struggle in a form of awkwardness only meeting your mate's parents could provide just makes me wanna-""I already met Issia's family.""Oh? Really?" Di started checking her records of the symbol to make sure he wasn't lying. "Oh, you have! How has this footage gone under my radar?" Lao shrugged, rubbing the back of his head.
  (Another One)
"Come on Lao, will you hurry on inside?" Issia said, trying to pull him along faster. "My creator is a really nice mom…""Creator," Lao repeated, too busy looking up at the size of the laboratory they had gone to. It reminded him of older architecture, with its dome top and smaller spires to make it stand out against the landscape. It was at least fashionable, but it was really isolated. "You really came from this lab?""I'm not a normal bunyip you know. I don't know exactly how, but I have the fur of a yeti!" She places his hands on her tail, shifting them around. "Doesn't it feel cool?" Lao nodded in agreement, Issia lifting his hands and waiting a bit before placing them back down. "Now how does it feel?""Warm, like a walking furnace," Lao said pleasantly surprised. "Mmhmm. I even have the fangs of a scorpio, although my creator said that it was leftovers from another experiment." Issia opened the door, the two walking into the main corridor of the laboratory. They were under the giant dome roof now, pillars supporting all the weight that came with the structure. Their movement echoed through the pure white room, Lao in astonishment at how large and empty everything was. "I thought this was a laboratory…." He said, seeing nothing that had been placed on the floor."It is, but my creator doesn't seem to be using anything today. Which means…" Issia redirected their travel, taking them through one of the doors that lead away from the main dome and deeper into the building. "She's in her bedroom!"Lao felt imposed by the grandeur of it all, wondering what the creator was like if her facility was as professional. Nothing looked a hair dirty or out of place as they walked. Even the small amounts of dirt that they tracked seemed to disappear each time he looked behind them. "We're at the door!" Issia suddenly announced. The doors were large sliding doors that looked sculpted out of hard-to-see-through glass. There was a blob of a green and purple form in there that Lao could make out, looking larger and more imposing than she could ever imagine."A-already?""Mmhmm. Her doors are really nice, aren't they?" They heard a moan from inside, followed by bone cracking. "Issia, I know we are together now, and I don't mind neither of us meeting our parents, but…""Don't worry, she's really wholesome." Issia nuzzled Lao and pulled open the doors, pulling him inside with her tail wrapped around his arm. He saw a mix of a hellhound and manticore, that had dark brown skin and the signature tail-pussy of a manticore. Her red eyes glowed with the flames of a hellhound and she wore swimwear. She was pressing down on a gremlin, eliciting groans as she gave the small thing a deep tissue massage. "Hi Issia!" The hellcore said. "Oooo, who is that?""This is Lao!" Lao nervously waved to the hellcore and held out his hand "I am glad to have finally meet Issia's mother.""Oh? Me?" Issia and the hellcore both laughed, the hellcore stopping her massage to hold up the comatose Gremlin. "I could never be...ha, mother! This is our creator!""The gremlin?" Lao asked as the hellcore came up to him, holding her up. "Creator Leaf, this is the man that Issia talks about." The gremlin sleepily lifted her hands, grabbing onto Lao's hand and shaking it. "Welcome, welcome….zzzz""The creator was testing a sleeping agent, but it made her insides cramp up." The hellcore said. "Do you think the creator wants us to use Lao in the "experiment?""W-what! No, he doesn't like sex," Issia said, holding his arm. "He wouldn't like it at all.""Sex? What are you talking about?" Lao couldn't help asking. It was only five seconds in and he was being left in the dark, like a kid blindly following his parents around as he looks for people his age at the wine party. Issia shook his head at the hellcore, the hellcore smiling and going back to her massage. "It is a really fun one Lao, but it would require a bit of… hands-on participation. And an organ of yours enlarging." She pointed a finger at where his balls and dick were. "You wouldn't mind helping out family, would you?~""Uhhhhhhhhhhhh…."
  (Last flashback, I promise ^^)
"Ha, I cannot believe I didn't notice this!" Di said, watching each moment of the show with a bowl of ramen. "Who knew my plaything was such a sub behind that sword, throwing himself away to get incubized…..""I said no," he pointed out before she could get carried away. "No is just a way to prolong a 'Yes'. And this is definitely going to happen eventually," she said, chuckling as she scooped up another mouthful of ramen. "You thought Samantha was the mom. Ha!" He stewed in front of her as she finished her food, wondering if it would be wrong to stab her while she wasn't looking."Ahh, rich. I will watch the rest later. For now, I suppose I must erm, release your friend now." She said, placing her bowl down as she went to a window to check the progression of the day. The sun was still coming up, but now it was shining brightly against the side of the library. "Do you mind waiting until it is morning? My pet tends to get cranky when he has to wake up early. Humans and their sleep schedules," she said, shaking her head in disappointment. "Being a lilim is much more preferable. No need for such a peasant thing such as rest."The sun had risen and was shining down on the library. The birds were chirping, the breeze was blowing, a dark mage was swearing like a sailor as she was repairing her door, and the area around it. Lao and Di stood around the sleepyheads, having moved the children to another place for privacy. "Now I must warn you. I have done nothing to your friend. The changes you will notice in him all came from his own adventures...you may not like them.""I am prepared," Lao said. After all his has been through, he was ready to solve this mystery once and for all."Do you wish to continue? Make sure you have saved Lao.""I don't know what saving is.""Right, you would need your memory to understand." put a finger on his temple, clearing her throat as she searched her own memory for the right spell. "Let us see here. If you came from where Virto came from, you most likely have been affected by the portal….ah, here is one…erotserday omemyray uoyray eedmay iyay, italnay ipgay uorhthgay itay innurgnay, adnay egassemyay ihtsay isrevergnay. Byay!"There was no flash or explosion. A spell to restore memory doesn't need fireworks, except for the ones going on in Lao's head. All of a sudden, he had felt cramped in his head. In his mind was suddenly a new life that he had lived. All the slang, the few names, the weird images, they were all real!But which one was him? He wondered. Was he originally a die-hard orderite, or a fellow black man? Did he travel by wagon, or by bus. Why the fuck does hentai look eerily like the first life, why does nature look one way here but not in the other and...what is an n-word pass?"How do you feel?" Di asked him. He wasn't done processing, however. He couldn't be reached. Two souls were making their case for control, but which one to believe? It was like looking from the outside in, being given two options for who he wanted to believe, both wildly different from the other. He looked in and out of glimpses of both lives for clues, until…"But, I do want to thank you…." went Virto's voice. Ah, a quick-thinking session concluded that this one was a pretty recent memory. A crystal clear one actually. It was the time he went down to his friend's lab and decided to go into another...world to save…him.. . ."Lao?" Di asked again. Lao opened his eyes, rubbing his head as he looked around him. He looked down at Virto, who looked a bit more feminine than before. He started having long hair after a while, definitely. But was it always this well kept?"Lao, you're not answering.""Shut up, my name is Lalu. Are you...you're not the god I was talking to.""God?" Di thought. "No, I don't think I was. You must have been referring to the Chief God. She does have a large presence in humans."Two and two had finally come together. He was definitely still Lao, but somehow he had ended up as this version of Lao. Armed with a sword and enough bullets to get a lifetime pass at a shooting range and….awfully muscular. He could get used to this if this was his new body. "Is that Virto?""In the flesh." Lao took off Virto's earmuffs, taking stock of his friend. The more he looked, the more he became convinced that he had definitely turned into a trap. He shook his shoulder to wake him up, watching him roll over and yawn as he stirred. "Vargas, you've gotten smaller…" he said, looking up at him. "Wait...oh frick!" Virto sat up, a nano handgun appearing in his hand. "Get out!""Dude, calm down it's me.""...Dude?" he lowered the gun. As far as Virto knows, who would say 'dude' in this world? "Who are you?""I could ask you the same thing nerd. Who's Vargas?""A very handsome young kitsune!" Virto said, a small blush forming on his cheeks."Wait, I thought you were asexual.""Wait a minute, I've only ever told Leana and Lao that I was that….but only because-""You were such a shut-in that you cooped yourself up in your house and had zero conversational skills and told yourself it would be the default answer until you touched grass and decided to explore your sexuality?""...Lao?" Virto said, the gun disappearing. Before Lao could confirm it was really him, Virto rushed him from the bed, tackling the knight down onto the ground. "Lao, oh how I missed your smart butt!""Even as a trap you still barely curse," he said. "Then again, I seem to be white, so…""So what…...oh.""Mmhmm.""Well well well," Di piped up. "I feel forgotten here.""Sorry Di," Virto said apologetically."It is alright, I was never one for linguistics anyways. While you two catch up and figure out if your special case circumvents the social and institutional barriers of race, I have something else to attend to. Namely my other pets...here, not on earth." They nodded, waiting for her to leave before going back to embracing each other. It had felt like an eternity for both of them, but the two friends could finally see each other again. Although, there was one more thing they had to do..."You're going on a trip?" Issia asked Lao. He randomly came up to her at sunset to break the news. Admittedly, it wasn't the best choice on his part."Yes, and I don't know when I'll be back. Think of it as like that protagonist in our story. That helps, right?" Issia looked down, not very happy with the news. "Yeah…""Hey. Look at me," Lao said, holding both her hands. "I'll be back. My friend and I, just have to make a portal somewhere. A two-way portal, so I can always come back to my favorite bunyip.""Can we at least kiss before you go?" She said, tears running down her face."Of course~" Issia and Lao both came closer to each other, sharing one last kiss of love before pulling apart. "Come on Lao, the sooner we get the portal working the sooner I can see my husband again!""I'm coming!" He called out, turning back Issia. "I promise. This time, no surprises that end up with me in the hospital.""It was funny to watch you recover on your bed," she giggled. "Hurry up then, I won't read the last book in the chapter until you do!""That is a bet!" he said, running after Lao as the two went off on a journey back home. One that doesn't need to be written. Like seriously, what is so interesting about building a portal when all that is needed is already available to them. Hell, they have a dark mage that pretty much has internalized every known spell to human and monster-kind! It's gonna take them a week, tops. Three of those days is Virto teaching himself how to code after realizing he hasn't done Low-Level Languages at all with all the time he had spent hopping around on Vargas'-
  One week later, back at Virto's house…
"Do you have six of spades?" Leana asked in the midst of a card game. [Clone] Lalu shook his head and slammed his cards down, then hit his cards. "Uno.""Alright, one. Slamming your card is an ERS move. Two, saying Uno is an Uno move, and you're going to break Virto's table. Three, this is poker, and you messed up the community cards goddamnit." At that moment, they heard a loud high pitched shriek come from the door leading down to the lab. "Do not go, it might be an alien or something," Lao said, sliding in front of Leana to protect her."I know Virto weird hobbies, but you don't have to replace his energy," Leana said. The door the noise was coming from suddenly went ZOP! Just disintegrating in front of them. "What the fuck!""Man it feels great to be back!" went one voice down there. "Seriously Virto, your lab really gives me Alien Isolation vibes.""It is not my fault I follow lab safety guidelines, I do serious things down there," went another. Leana went stuck, immobilized in fear and bewilderment. One voice should be coming from right beside her, not echoing right beside her. Another, if she recalled correctly, Shouldn't Even Be Alive. And yet, her eyes treat her to a Lalu, still wearing his grieving suit and a Virto that had been brought back by the hand of God. Both were covered in weird purple and green gunk, but they didn't seem to mind. "I still can't believe you started saying the word in the last world and finished in this one.""What, is twitter gonna cancel me in two universes?" Lalu jested. "It just feels great to be black again, although I will miss the muscle...and the guns.""I feel you there Lalu. I'm glad to be in my cosy lab coat again, but now that I have lived, my skin feels so pale and deprived of vitamin D. Also I want my nanowatch back. Only more reason to go back…""Or just, you know, go outside like a normal human now," Lalu said, looking over at his clone. "Who's that [bleep]? He's wearing my clothing.""Hmm...I did say I prepared a clone for when you went into the world of monster girls. It has been so long now, it must have gained so much knowledge by now.""Well, it's useless now. Hey, clone, fuck off I'm back." The clone stood up in realization. "No nerd!" He started. "Me and my nerd Leana have nerded up. We nerds don't you need you anymore, nerd!""Virto, your clone of me is using nerd a lot. What a clown.""I never said my work was perfect. I only hope he wasn't using it as a filler word.""Oh..oh fuck you're right. That would be damaging. Ice him like you did the door and alien." Virto nodded and pulled out a taser. Only when he pulled the trigger, a beam of purple light shot out and vaporized the clone, leaving only a pile of dust. "Well, it is done Lalu," Virto said, switching the trigger lock back on and reholstering the gun. "There is only one of you again, you have successfully gotten me out of there, we can now go back whenever we want, and there were definitely no external repercussions to recklessly traveling to another universe! I am going to go wash this gunk off. Give me your clothing.""Yep." Lao took off everything but his underwear and undershirt, giving the clothes to Virto. "Hey Virto, does the IRB know about that raygun?""Only one that knows is the New Jersey state government, and I intend to keep it that way." Virto headed upstairs to wash everything, while Lao went to the kitchen. "Hey Leana," he casually said on his way. The poor gal had been watching in dead silence the entire time, finally starting to hyperventilate and scream before she passed out on the couch from shock. What a story she was going to be in for, amirite?
  