
    Chapter Text
    CLERIC BEAST X FEMALE READER
(Narrator)
It was a very long time ever since the scourge of beast, Yharnam has forgotten completely about the blood administration and the healing church has completely disbanded, life in Yharnam has gotten even better for everyone in it… except for you.Kids who have lost parents or loved ones during the night of the hunt had grown cold and bullied you mercilessly with violence or stories that terrified you of how some of the beasts still roamed around Yharnam. Though most of the stories were true, not all beasts were gone but most were and the ones who weren’t kept their distance from any light or humans so really there was not much to worry about.The only place most people stayed clear of was the great bridge where a giant vicar was said to be living. The thought of beasts terrified you, that one night you’d wake up and be in the den or jaws of a hungry beast and would never be seen ever again. Though in most people's eyes and in yours no one would care if you were gone without a trace, you are nothing, or some people would classify you as a waste of skin.Franky, you didn’t even know if you really cared if you die, it was true, you had no talent, no real strength mentally or physically, and came from an unknown family that one day just left you in the woods for no reason except that they just didn’t love or care for you enough to keep and raise you. In all honesty, the world would be a better place if you just weren’t ever born… or so you thought, little do you know that what is to be another hellish day in your life will turn out to be the day you realize that you will no longer be alone in this world.(Y/N’s) POV
Slowly waking up I look around my “home”. Where I live can’t even be worthy of being called a shamble though it was the only place a waste of skin like myself belongs, in a dark cold alleyway with sewer water running next to me. I carefully get up and look around, why am I still here? Why have the great ones not come down and eat me alive yet?! I feel tears starting to swell behind my eyes. Every morning for me is hellish, I sit on the blanket I have for a bed and roll up my rags, scars and fresh cuts, wounds, bruises of all colors, blue, red, purple, black, all stain my arms and stomach.My body aches and my scars sting, I wipe my eyes, I know most of these injuries are from other kids but the cuts are all from me… god I… why do I do this to myself..? I get up and hobble over to a box, poking my head out of the ally I see people everywhere, all conversating or laughing happily and joking about how they used to all be afraid of beasts.I sigh and begin my walk to the forest to try and find scraps of food leftover by any animals. However, because my life is not even close to being an easy one, I run, and I mean literally run, right into a group of three people, one a girl and the other two are boys. They all turn around, their eyes being set onto me makes the main girl smirk as she sees my pitiful ass on the floor looking up at her in terror and on the verge of tears. She looks to both boys and exchanges glances before they both roughly grab me off the floor and drag me behind a building. I wince as they slam me against the wall, pain coming to my entire frail body, the girl laughs maniacally.“Well well~, what do we have here?" she comes over and pushes the boys out of the way. She grabs my neck and slams my head against the wall, my throat forcibly being tightened with my head spinning from the pain of having my head slammed into a wall.She gets right in my face, “The pathetic little street rat returns for more!” I manage to open my eyes, the girl has one of the evilest smirks on that I have ever seen. I bring my hands up and hold the girl's arms, “P-please… n-no, I didn’t mean to-” both boys grab me again and begin to drag me, most of the time my eyes are closed as they drag me, the pain in my head so great that I my vision is becoming disoriented. “W-woah, V-Vic what are we doing here?! Haven't you heard what happens if people walk onto that?” I listen to their conversation, “Oh I know, that’s why this is the perfect place to end this useless bitch’s life.” I crack my eyes open and try to lift my head up. I manage to lift my head up enough to see in front of me, the great bridge that the cries and shrieks of the vicar have been coming from for the last ten years. I suddenly feel a rush of adrenaline and start to thrash and struggle in the two boy’s arms.I scream while tears fly off my face “No! No! No please anything but that! Ple-please don’t do this!” the girl comes over and smacks my face hard, “Shut up, we’re doing you a favor here my little Wast of Skin~” she coos with venom dripping from her tongue. “Toss her,” she orders, the boys drag and tug me over to the bridge and toss me beyond the gate, I hit my head again and my vision becomes blurry. I hear a loud boom that startles me, I get up and hold my head and side looking behind me.The great bridge doors are closed. My eyes widen and I run to the door and start to weakly bang on it while I scream at the top of my lungs, “No! Please open the door! D-don’t leave me in here!” I hear giggles behind the door, both male and female, “Bye~, I would say see you later but we won’t,” I feel my heart drop as the sounds of shoes clopping and stomping against the ground come from behind the door and fade with the sound of giggles and laughter.    I slink down to the floor and cry silently with a few weeps escaping me, no… I-I don’t want to die like this. My crying is interrupted at the sound of an ear-piercing shriek. I turn and try to back away but can’t because of the door, after a few minutes of me breathing heavily and waiting for the giant beast to come and eat me alive, I stand up unintentionally and start to slowly walk forward.      I look all over the bridge while waiting for the beast to jump out from behind one of the turned over carriages but every time I look, I see nothing. I walk to the end of the bridge and stop when a faint voice calls from above me “Hello, is someone there?” hope fills me and I gladly shout back “Y-yes! C-can you please help me!?” the voice speaks again, this time much more clear and can be identified as a female “That all depends on what you need help with.” I look around to make sure the cleric beast isn’t coming for me.“I-I need to get off this bridge, the doors locked and I’m afraid that the… t-that the beast will come for me.” the voice doesn’t respond but instead another screech is heard and a shadow jumps off from the balcony above me. I squeak and hide behind a carriage, curling up into a ball and cowering in fear I bury my eyes in my knees and hold behind my head while I start to shake violently, please, please let this be a dream! Let this all be a bad dream! Please I-I- suddenly a hand touches my shoulder, it’s a lot bigger than any normal human hands and has what I can only describe as curved claws.I shrivel up on the ground before passing out and being consumed by fear. It’s as if my mind could not handle it any longer and made me go into a pure paralyzing shock at the softest touch from an abnormal hand…The next I wake it’s to the sound of a soft hum, my eyes are heavy as they gently open, my vision blurry with the soft warm glow of orange light in the corner of my eye. I bolt up from the bed suddenly, heaving and drenched in a cold sweat, I quickly look in a panic all around the room. It isn’t the alley I live in, it’s a relatively large room with many candles lighting the room in a smooth and calming light.My breathing slows and I scrunch myself up on the silky soft bed while I clutch the blanket that was draped over me, pausing before whispering out, “W-where… w-where am I?” I examine myself and roll up my sleeves, my arms have bandages on them and so does my stomach, so-someone… someone... helped me? I slowly try to get up and walk off the bed but suddenly a jolt of pain comes to my legs. I fall to the wooden floor but not too hard and try to get back on the bed, finding myself having some difficulty. Faint footsteps come from behind me and the door creaks open followed with the sound of a gasp, “Oh my! Y-your up, here let me help you back on the bed!” a hand holds under my arm and gently helps me back onto the bed. “You shouldn’t try to move just yet, your wounds are still really bad.” I sit back on the bed while holding my arm gently while still trying to avoid whoever it was who saved me, “T-... t-thank you for saving me-uh” I turn to the source of the voice, and what I see next shocks me and instantly sends fear all over my body.Standing at the side of the bed is a woman with dark gray hair on most of her body except her stomach, face, hands, legs, and feet. She has huge horns or antlers on her head with jet black hair on her head and very similar eyes, but the most noticeable thing about her is her giant bloodied claw… the same claw that had touched my shoulder before I passed out...My eyes widen and I quickly back away from her and into the corner of the bed, “D-don’t eat me! Pl-please!” I clutch my eyes shut and curl up.The bed shifts down and a soft and gentle hand touches my knee, and the voice that reaches my ears is even more so, “Hey, hey I’m not going to eat you,” it takes me awhile but I do hesitantly look up from my knees, “I don’t eat people, I eat animals and other stuff but not humans.” my head slowly starts to come out from behind my knees but I stop when I remember what’s on her claw, “T-then… t-then why do you have blood on yourself?! Huh?!” I shout clearly in fear, the vicar slowly brings her claw up and looks at it, “This? This blood on my claw is from the food I was preparing.” I look at the vicar, her dark eyes looking at me sweetly and showing no sign of wanting to hurt me.“R-really?” she nods and takes her hand off me sitting back on the edge of the bed. “S-so why did you help me?” she starts to check out her claw grabbing a cloth she begins to clean off the blood on her, “Well you just looked so scared and hurt. I couldn’t have just left you on that bridge in the condition you were in so I took you in to help you heal.” she… she… genuinely wanted to help me. She didn’t just help me out of pity or anything.I start to lighten up slightly and move a little bit closer to the vicar, “So? What’s your name?” she says while tossing the bloodied cloth into a basket “O-oh, um… m-my names (Y/N).” her head perks up suddenly and she shifts on the bed, “Ooooh I like it~” she coos and I blush slightly, “S-so what’s yours?”“Oh, I’m Clarisse!” I manage a weak smile and nod. “So the food is almost done if you want to go and eat?” she says just as our greetings with the other were starting to die. I only now realize how hungry I actually am, I haven’t eaten in weeks. I nod and start to move off the bed and Clarisse puts an arm over me and helps me to the kitchen.She sits me down at a small round table and goes over to a pot that was on the stove cooking and starts to stir the mixture with a wooden ladle. “So where are we exactly?” Clarisse turns around to me, “Oh we’re on the bridge, at the end of the bridge there’s a door that is the entrance to my home. I don’t get many visitors except for the nuns that bring me offerings and food so having you here is a real treat.”She turns the stove off and takes the pot and two bowls she comes over to the table and sits down across from me. She pours some soup in my bowl and gives herself a lot less than me, she slides the bowl with more soup to me with a metal spoon, “Wait why are you giving yourself so little?” she smiles sweetly and takes her bowl, “Well that was all that was in the pot and you seem like you need this way more than me,” just as I was about to object she sits up and leans over the table putting her claw on my shoulder, “Don’t try and argue with me (Y/N), I saw your stomach when I was cleaning you up. You're skinnier than the blood-starved beast that lives down at the cathedral.”I stare to the soup, she’s really going to make me eat this? Don’t get me wrong it looks delicious and I do need to eat but she’s actually thinking about me. I pick up the spoon she gave me and scoop some of the soup up blowing on it. I lift the spoon to my lips and eat the soup, a taste of tang mixed with sweetness hits my taste buds and my eyes widen. Clarisse smiles in satisfaction and she slurps up the small amount of soup that she had given herself.Me and Clarisse talk while I eat, she tells me how people are afraid of her and her kin and that’s why people bring her offerings to keep her at bay. In reality, she didn’t want to hurt anyone but she cared how people felt so she just stayed in her home and let the nuns bring the offerings. I look down sadly, “If anything though I really just wish I had someone I could love,” I look up and Clarisse was looking at her claw, “It gets really lonely here so, one day when the nun that comes to bring me food came again I asked if she could bring a boy to live with me. She brought a man, he was a little bit skinnier than I thought he’d be, though he seemed quiet and sweet at first glance. But of course, he only seemed terrified of me, he stayed in his room the whole time or kept as far away from me as possible so I decided that he just… shouldn’t be living like this. I let him leave and he never came back to this place.” I touch Clarisse’s claw and she looks up at me “Clarisse I understand. Or at least, I think I do. It’s just… I don’t really get along with anyone in the city… in fact uh, most of them kinda see me as a wast of skin,” I half chuckle as if this were funny and to me it kinda was. However, Clarisse’s eyes widen in disbelief that I found this title even a little bit amusing. She’s actually really cute with those eyes. I know I was terrified of her just moments ago, but… she’s really sweet and gentle.I get up and walk to Clarisse, she stands up and towers over me, she and I staring at each other for an uncomfortable amount of time. She opens her mouth to say something but her words get caught in her throat, the beast struggling to say what she wants to before just dropping it. Clearing her throat with a long sigh, “I… we should…” she pauses, “Did you finish eating yet?” she asks, looking away and rubbing her arm softly with her claw. I frown at her, that wasn’t what she was going to say, was it..? I nod at her, “I did and well, it was just… it was incredible!” I exclaim with my voice cracking a little. Clarisse’s expression changes to one of relief as she giggles softly, “Good, I’m very glad to hear that,” she reaches down and gently takes my hand with her claw. First making sure the stove is turned off before leading me into the room I woke up in then to another one just off to the right.“Now that you are nice and full, let’s go ahead and get you cleaned up alright?” she says and it’s only now that I notice I probably don’t smell the greatest. Looking around and seeing a large wooden tub with a large faucet above. Clarisse closing the door behind her and running me a bath while I watch, the vicar humming to herself softly as she gets all the soaps and towels ready for me. Turning around with her large black eyes and tilting her head, “Well? Are you going to undress?” I jump and blush at the same time before nodding, hurrying to undress myself while Clarisse watches me. Tossing the clothes Clarisse had dressed me in away and suddenly feeling myself shrink. Covering myself by crossing my arms and turning away from the beast, a few moments of silence passing before the faucet Clarisse was using turns off with a squeak. “Okay (Y/N), your bath is ready-uh..?” she stops and again everything goes quiet apart from the large clomping footsteps of Clarisse’s feet approach me. “(Y/N)? Are you okay, do you not feel well?” she softly speaks and gods her voice is so sweet it’s impossible not to at least turn to her. She sees all of my wounds and sighs at me, carefully scooping me up in her arms and holding my butt with her claw. The beast bringing me to the tub and setting me down into it, the biggest rush of pleasure from the warmth of the water washing over me. It’s as if all my anxiety is just suddenly gone because all it takes is a couple more minutes of me hiding myself to just relax and unwind. Leaning back and into the tub of water while Clarisse chuckles at me, grabbing a bar of soap and a cloth, “Does it feel nice?” she asks, taking my arm and scrubbing some soap onto it first before using the rag, making sure not to be too rough whenever she touches a cut or bruise on me. I nod at her, “Yes… yes it feels very nice I… thank you for um… for um taking care of me like this Clarisse. I don’t know how else to thank you but-” she hushes me when she starts to wash my chest and stomach making me gasp as she touches my chest. My face a blushing mess as she slowly goes lower, “You don’t need to thank me (Y/N), although I suppose… no, never mind,” she dismisses. Scrubbing under my arms before she then moves onto my head, “Close your eyes (Y/N),” I do as she says. The beast doing a deep wash of my head as we continue to talk, we laughed a bit and shared some personal stories before she finally finished cleaning me of possibly near 20 years of filth. I won’t go much more into details, but Clarisse had gone and dried me off and dressed me once more. I felt so clean and nice that I couldn’t believe this was all really happening, a gigantic smile on the beast girl’s face as she watches my surprised look.I look outside from one of the windows that are on the bridge that leads into Yharnam, I see it’s pitch black out with the exception of a few lights within the city and the light of the pale moon above. Clarisse sighs to herself as she walks into the room and looks at me, there’s very clearly something on her mind. As I get down from the window and look at Clarisse and walk towards her, “Um, is something wrong?” I ask making the beast jump and blush a little bit.“O-oh! Yes, yes I’m fine Y/N really just… thinking,” she says pretty much just lying straight to my face. I sigh at her and touch my arm, waiting a moment before I come towards her, the beast actually backing away! I don’t let her get too far from me though and manage to grasp onto one of her claws, holding it softly only making the reddened blush on Clarisse’s face darker and much more crimson.Seeing her like this it kinda makes me really… happy? I don’t know what I’m feeling actually but I never thought I’d know how cute a flustered monster girl could look up close. “Clarisse you can tell me if you need something from me you know, you… did save me back on the bridge… I think the least I could do for you is be here with you to listen,” I say with a sort of shaky smile.The beast stares at me and clenches her claw, a shadowy gloom looming over her eyes covered by her messy jet black hair as she shakes slightly. “I-I… y-you…” she swallows a lump and tries to recompose herself, “(Y/N)... I have something to ask of you, I am aware we haven’t known one another for very long but… I can’t help myself so please, bare with me for a bit okay?” she pleads as I nod, holding the top of my hand with her claw and stroking my wrist with her thumb. “I… it… (Y/N), I’m quite lonely here, all by myself. I have bested hunter after hunter with little effort to the point that the church above have simply given me offerings to keep me away from the city. But I don’t want destruction or bloodshed,” she says and the sincerity in her eyes is all I need to believe her, “I just want someone to talk to, I-I crave companionship so badly but every single person I encounter sees me as nothing more than a flesh hungry beast!” Clarisse looks away and nearly hits me with her antlers, the cracking in her voice is enough for me to tell that she’s crying or starting to at least. “Please (Y/N), don’t go…” she whimpers, “I want you to stay with me, I-I want to get to know you more! You’re just so sweet and cute,” I blush and feel my heart beating in my ears, “And… what I’m trying to say is I want to protect you… I-I want to… to care for you,” she takes a deep breath and finally manages to turn back to look me in the eyes.Her beautiful blackened eyes are half filled with tears that only make them glisten, a soft sob coming from the beast who’s absolutely desperate to get me to stay with her. I wipe her eyes for her and she softly holds me by my wrists, keeping my hands against her face and nuzzling into me. My breath gets caught and my heart skips a beat or two, the hairs on my arms and legs standing from just how precious Clarisse is right now.I force myself to stop her and grab her face more firmly, tilting her back up to look at me better. “Clarisse… you… you’re sure..? You’re sure you want me to stay with you, I mean you’ve hardly known me for more than a few hours you know,” I remind and kinda kick myself in the brain for this. She nods at me and clings to me more, “Yes, yes! I know, but I already love having you around, I want to talk to you more, I-I want to protect you…” she confesses one final time. And thankfully for her, this final plead is all I need to give her the answer she was hoping for. A soft smile coming to me as my own stream of tears finally boil over and fall down my cheeks. “Alright then… I’ll do it,” I say making Clarisse’s sobs stop for a moment, “I-I’ll stay with you, but… be patient with me okay? I-I’m not used to being around people, let alone beasts,” I say chuckling and the look on Clarisse’s face is priceless. It’s one of the absolute biggest smiles I’ve ever seen in my life, the beast girl cheering at me and grabbing me into a tight embrace. Constantly sobbing happily to me, “Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!” her chest pushing against me enough to where I can feel her pounding heart. I hugged the vicar back and felt the softness of her fur on my, burying my face into her and allowing myself to cry with her as well. Me and Clarisse both sat on the bed for an unknown amount of time just holding one another and crying. This may sound a little petty but it was so nice hearing someone plead for me to stay with them and even more so that someone as cute as Clarisse is actually clinging to me too! However, we do eventually let one another go but it’s not over just yet.Clarisse allows me to wipe her face again and smiles at me, her lips quivering as she cups my face from both sides and leans in quickly. She suddenly laying her lips right onto mine! My eyes widen, she-she’s kissing me! I exclaim to myself and put my hands on her shoulders, an urge to push her off coming to me but I just… don’t do it. I-I… I really just had my first kiss stolen by this beast, and I… I stop trying to push her away and instead slowly place my hands onto her sides, I don’t mind it... My eyes soften and I reciprocate the kiss, rubbing up the beast girl’s sides and stopping at her soft freckled cheeks. Clarisse suddenly pulls away with a shocked expression, her claw’s tip touching her mouth, “Y-(Y/N) y-you… you kissed back..?” I blush a crimson red and nod slightly while avoiding eye contact, my hands clenching over my knees, “U-uh, y-yeah I did,” I find myself having a hard time looking back at her, “I… I didn’t expect you to actually kiss me back.” I sit up a bit straighter and push myself against Clarisse’s warm and furry body to try and avoid her soft gaze, “W-was the kiss b-bad?” I ask worried but to my surprise, Clarisse just smiles gently and pats my head with her clawed hand, “No… the kiss was far from bad,” she assures smiling softly. I blush and smile back, trying to look away so she can’t see my face and the embarrassment written on it.The vicar only chuckles at me and cups my cheek with her claw, kissing my other and moving further in with me. Softly taking me down to the bed to lay on our sides so she can pull me into her. All of this is happening so fast but this feels so nice! I’ve never been cuddled like this before, or at all really. And the warmth from Clarisse’s body and her soft fur is heavenly compared to the usual cold nights I’m forced to shiver through. I give a content sigh to the beast, another small chuckle escaping her, “Something wrong (Y/N)?” she asks making me shake my head. “No… no nothings wrong,” I answer, hesitantly but slowly wrapping my arms around her and pushing my face into her neck. “Nothing’s wrong at all,” I mutter happily, Clarisse saying nothing to me as she simply curls her claw up to my head to hold me. The beast nipping at my ears affectionately while stroking my back until I had eventually fallen asleep in her arms…To be honest the events that happened the night I met Clarisse was probably only fueled by our desire for affection from someone. The next morning I had woken up Clarisse was still asleep, a bit of drool dripping down the side of her face and hair messy and ruffled. Although the sunlight coming in through the window gave the room a nice enough glow to make her look adorable to me. Still we both had a long and very deep discussion when she did awaken and we had eaten. Both of us deciding we should first get to know one another more than we did in less than a few hours. She agreed and even apologized for having became so emotional the night before. Suffice to say I gave her a nice lecture on how she shouldn’t have apologized for acting like that, especially considering how lonely and touch starved she’s been. A whole year has passed since the night me and Clarisse had met and I’ve never ever been so happy in my entire life. Perhaps to some this may seem dull, but me and the vicar have gotten closer, spending our days having lengthy conversations and just enjoying the other's company. Though going out to the markets for food and other necessities from time to time is rather amusing. Especially when people see Clarisse, most begin to freak out and some have even ended up dropping their shopping when she passes them!To put it in short, I don’t think I have any other way to describe how amazing my life has become with Clarisse. Even though we have our arguments every now and again, I don’t think I could ever see myself without her anymore, and I think I’m more than fine with that. Although she’s been rather… fidgety lately, often getting hotter than usual and much more red in the face. Though her constant fiddling with her claw is the most obvious, I wonder what’s been going on with her lately.I sigh as I lay on our bed with a book in hand, a tale of how two legendary hunters were charged with the task of finding and killing a horrifying beast that washed up onto the shore or a fishing hamlet. I’m only half way through but it’s a very good book! Though it would be much easier to enjoy were it not for the beast laying besides me who’s decided to entertain herself by playing with my hair.She hums softly and clings to my side, holding me, I roll my eyes at her, “Claire, sweetie, I’m reading,” I say though it’s hard not to make it obvious I like her bothering me like this. She giggles and holds me against her, “Come on (Y/N),” she chimes, “We both know you can’t resist my hugs,” she teases and it’s true. Marking my page and closing the book, and toss it aside and turn to my girlfriend, cuddling into her and sighing as a wave of warmth washes over me. “You’re lucky you’re so warm and soft,” I grumble out, nuzzling her bandaged covered chest with my forehead, “And cute…” I whisper making her giggle at me. “Hm? What was that~?” she asks teasingly. “Nothing,” I reply, Claire, entangling her legs with my own and protecting me from the fall air outside. It’s not that cold in the room but having a soft cuddly girlfriend to warm me during a colder season. Me and my vicar girlfriend lay together for perhaps a half hour, the both of us just staying in the others grasp and hovering in and out of falling asleep. That was until I started to notice Clarisse starting to fidget with her claw again. And the same thing goes for her body temperature, she’s getting really hot for some reason so suddenly! I look up at my girlfriend and tilt my head softly, my eyes still half closed, “Claire?” I call making her look down at me.“Um, y-yes?” she stutters, “Are you okay? You’ve been fidgeting with your claw and getting really… flustered, is something going on?” her eyes widen making her look more curious than shocked or embarrassed. She takes a moment to reply before sighing in defeat, not even putting up a fight to try and hide that something’s wrong. She lets her grasp on me loosen so I can back away to look at her better, “I… yes um… something is wrong (Y/N)...” she mutters, trying to look away from me as much as possible. I sigh at her and softly take her by the cheek, cupping it, and making her turn back to look at me. I only smile patiently for her and wait, my girlfriend leaning into my touch and sighing before continuing with whatever she has to tell me. “(Y/N) I… I’m in heat… I-I mean I um,” she gulps, in heat? She takes a nice deep breath and tries to calm herself down, “I-I… (Y/N), I want you,” she says as directly as possible, “I’ve been getting these urges a-and you look so cute all the time a-and I-I just, I-I don’t know if I’ll be able to hold myself back anymore please-” as she rants I have all sorts of thoughts running through my mind but eventually manage to quiet Clarisse down a bit. “Sweetie…” I say and grasp her from both cheeks, the vicar stopping abruptly and her face going nearly cherry red. “Okay, Claire, I love you a lot, really I do, but please slow down okay?” I say, my girlfriend, holding my wrists and nodding slowly at me, “Okay, now tell me, what are you asking me?” I ask softly. Clarisse gulping as she holds my hand, “I-I… (Y/N)... I-I get this thing called a heat… and to put it in short I get… needy… u-um… s-sexually needy I mean…” she finally admits. I feel my eyes slowly widen and the pink blush dusting my face reaches all the way up to my ears. The embarrassment but also excitement being clear on my face which makes Claire begin to freak out a bit. “O-oh… o-oh wow um… okay um… how long exactly have you been going along with this?” I ask and am shocked when she says, “Um… almost 3 months now I think..?” So now I’m almost pissed at this but don’t show it, nodding at her and holding her hand, “Oh… um, okay then well um… I-I suppose… I suppose we can… yeah,” I shudder, “Yeah! O-okay then, let’s take the next step!” I exclaim and Clarisse seems almost speechless. “(Y/N), w-what? Are you um… a-are you saying what I kinda think you’re saying..?” she asks and I nod while holding her hand, entwining our fingers. “Yeah… yeah I am, I um… this is scary when I think about it but I think it’s maybe time we… uh, deepen our relationship?” I make it sound like a question since I really am unsure about this, I never really did ever think I’d actually have sex with someone. Let alone even get close enough with someone to form a romantic relationship with them. Still Clarisse gives me the biggest thank you, I’ve ever received, my lover grabbing me and hugging me tightly. I sigh and let her do as she wants, kissing my face multiple times for a bit before I finally just tell her to calm down and that it’s okay. She does and giggles, apologizing to me before Claire and me begin to strip ourselves of our clothing though we’re both horribly nervous. The both of us fumbling with our coverings and hands shaking even though we’ve bathed together and seen one another naked before! Slowly I turn around as I sit on my knees, Claire’s chest is still covered but her pelvis is more than visible. My lips quiver in anxiety and Claire looks at me clearly feeling the same as me. Luckily she ends up making the first move on me, softly pushing me and letting me fall down onto my back with the dim sunlight of the fall evening still pouring into the room.  LEMON STARTSClarisse comes up to my chest, her fuzzy fur brushing and tickling my skin Clarisse slowly starts peppering my face with soft and loving kisses. I giggle “T-that tickles Claire,” she smiles and kisses her way down my jaw than to my neck, she takes her time but eventually, Clarisse finds my sweet spot and starts to suck hard on it making me moan. She stops and pulls back licking her lips and looking at me with lust in her eyes.I start to feel hot and a weird sensation comes to my chest, “Cl-Claire what was that you were doing to my neck?” she stares at my neck and smiles shakily though doesn’t back down, “O-oh um, nothing, just… marking you, so people know who you belong to,” I blush harder and my breath gets caught in my throat, “O-oh, u-um, okay then. Y-you can keep going,” I whimper.It doesn’t take as long as I had thought it would for Clarisse to become comfortable with all of this. She’s still blushing but soon her smile is simply soft and her eyes are more love and lust filled rather than nervous and scared. She holds me down gently but keeps me pinned, kissing my neck and face to the point that I can feel myself starting to get wet.She takes a deep breathe in through her nose and hums, “Um… (Y/N), can I start maybe,” she glances down to where my slowly lubricating cunt is, “Touching you please?” she touches my stomach but goes no where further until I nod at her even though I’m starting to shake from this all. She strokes my face and kisses me more before doing anything else, making sure I’m cared for before daring to lick her fingers. Getting them lathered with her spit before making her way down, beginning to softly touch me and bringing this really nice feeling to me. It’s like my clit is on fire and folds are being stroked by silk, maybe a little over exaggerated but keep in mind I’ve never really touched myself before until now.Sh-she’s right, this feels weird but really good. I never thought anyone would ever feel this way about me, me a waste of skin is feeling pleasure and love from someone else. I move a shaky hand to her cheek, it’s soft and warm and o so squishable that I can’t help but pinch it gently, “C-Claire you-your cheeks are so s-soft, ah!” she suddenly bites my nipple gently and giggles.“Claire c-could I m-maybe… try too?” she leans over me with a sly smirk on her face, “What was that (Y/N)? I can’t give you what you want if you don’t say it to me clearly.” I blush heavily “I-I was wondering if I could… um, t-touch your chest too?” she smiles and moves the hair covering her chest up but instead of seeing her bare chest I see bandaged wrappings around her.She reaches behind her and starts to unwrap them, it takes a bit but she is going at a very slow pace so I can assume she is just strip teasing me. It’s working. She giggles at my annoyed expression, “Am I going to slow (Y/N)~” she unwraps even slower and I glare annoyed at her. What was me once being nervous and quivering before this mighty beast has now become me being impatient with her. “Yes, please don’t leave me waiting much longer Clarisse,” she trails down the side of my head with a single claw. “Then here,” she says while grasping my wrists softly and giving me the end of her wrappings. I proceed to simply take off my girlfriend's wrappings for her, tossing them somewhere on the floor, I sit up with Clarisse still on top of me and start to grope one of her soft, and might I add much bigger breast. She bites her lip and hisses in satisfaction as I rub over her chest, biting her lip softly holding my back with her claw.She lays me back down gently and moves her chest over my face, “Please (Y/N), I-I um… I want you to suck them please,” Clarisse lowers her chest while she holds herself up with her claw and hand. Now she’s embarrassed but I don’t have time to focus on that as I start to suck and lick all around her breast. “Mmm they’re *lick* so cute Claire,” she giggles nervously and lays her body on me, grinding her waist against my stomach.I lick and pinch her breast gently, circling around her nipples with the tip of my tongue. Clarisse’s cries and moans get louder the longer I do this. It’s only when she bucks her hips against me that I stop, the beast panting and gasping before exclaiming to me, “Oh great ones I can’t take it anymore (Y/N), I have to eat you!” my hair stands up and I start to get a little scared. Of course, I know what she’s actually talking about but still, her being a beast and in heat gave me the wrong idea for a second.I stop her before she goes too far though, holding her by the antlers when I notice she’s just as wet as me if not more so, “W-wait don’t you want me to pleasure you first? I mean you were the one bucking your hips just now, you need this more than I do,” she smiles as she stays close to my wet groin.“Oh don’t worry my sweet, your wet juices will be a pleasure to me enough. Plus the scent coming from you right now smells so delicious that I can’t bear it any longer!” she spreads my legs and stares at my groined sniffing at it. I feel my heart plummet as she stares, “O-oh um… okay, i-if you say so Claire,” I whimper. Claire only kissing my inner thighs in response making me jump, her eyes in such a haze it’s crazy that she hasn’t given in to her instincts already. That feeling quickly fades though once my pussy starts to feel a weird and huge pleasurably wet sensation. I moan and look down back at Clarisse, her eyes are closed as her huge beast tongue begins to eat me out. She licks lovingly all around my cunt and clit, moans and wheezes escape me that Clarisse seems to find adorable.I grab the bed’s sheets and grip them tightly, me writhing in slight pain from her sandpaper like tongue but it’s mostly all pleasure, although she suddenly stops licking and taps my thigh. I manage to pry my eyes open and look at Clarisse, she is smiling with her tongue sticking out slightly, the already long tongue suddenly becoming longer, perhaps near to a foot long! “U-um, w-what’s with that look?” she puts her head on her hand and drags the tips of her claw on one of my thighs sending goosebumps and shivers wherever it is, “Oh nothing (Y/N), just thinking about what you must taste like inside~”I blush and Clarisse giggles, she gives my clit a quick kiss making me jump from the sudden spike of pleasure. Without warning, she moves her tongue and starts to drill her way inside me. I lean my head back from the pleasure and let a scream of ecstasy escape me from how much her tongue is wriggling around inside me. Clarisse starts to move her tongue further inside of me, her mouth wrapping around my cunt so that her tongue manages to touch all the way to the entrance to my womb. My eyes widen as Clarisse gently wiggles her tongue inside me.Clarisse begins to thrust her tongue in and out of me, her tip tickling my wombs entrance, her mouth sucks my clit and some of my slits making my moaning get louder as I feel a knot start to form inside of me. Clarisse hums as I rock my hips against her mouth, her claw tips dragging over my thighs and just over my womanhood.A surge of pleasure suddenly hits me as my knot gets even tighter, making Clarisse giggle cutely. She continues to coat my insides and outsides with her slippery warm saliva, I lay my head to the side, a quiet “Hnnnnah!” escapes me. My face gets hotter than usual and the knot inside me gets to the point of breaking, suddenly Clarisse speeds up, her tongue starting to slip into my womb.I cry in delight, my legs arching and my toes start to curl up, “A-ah! I-I’m-C-Claire, Claire, Claire! I-I’m cu-cumming!!! I’m gonna c-cum!!! H-help! Please, I’m scared!” Clarisse nods and instantly grabs my hand, her claw more than capable of keeping me up as I arch my back and scream. Sweat drips off my body as the knot inside me breaks, my cries echo throughout the evening of the day as an electric feeling jolts through my entire body.I can hardly hear anything but the ringing in my ears, it sounds like my head is under the water and my mind feels like its been turned to mush. Clarisse keeps her mouth over my clit and takes in every one of my juices I shoot out until I finish, cleaning me up with her lips and listening to each and every yelp or soft whimper that escapes from me and her constant tonguing.I stop cumming and drop onto the bed once Claire finally has had her fill of me, Claire’s tongue still inside of me, gently she slides it out making my body shiver. I put my hand over my eyes while I breathe so hard that you can see my breath, I feel Clarisse’s fur brush up my stomach then something soft and light cover me before I pass out from fatigue…END OF LEMONI wake under the morning sun, though instead of the sound of drippy pipes or the feeling of laying in cold sewage water I feel something soft and warm. I manage to open my eyes and find myself looking at tan fair skin, a soft sigh comes from above me. I look around with just my eyes, I’m laying in a soft bed under warm furry covers, sunlight from outside coming in through a window I look down to find my hands hugging a soft and gray fur covered body, a hand around my back, and a monstrous claw on my head I move my head to see the vicar I met so long ago. Claire… for the love of great ones, I always can never believe I’m with Claire and not back in that ally… I gulp and look down, seeing that I’m naked and so is Claire, covering myself with my blanket more and shifting the bed enough that is makes Clarisse’s eyes flutter open as if she was only resting them rather than sleeping. Clarisse looks at me with her pitch-black eyes, a small gentle smiles curls on her lips and she kisses my forehead softly. “Oh, g-good morning love, um did… did you have a nice sleep?” I wait a moment before answering, I move a little bit further into her curly fur, I nod and give a small, “Hah,” closing my eyes and nuzzling her even more, “The best sleep I’ve had in my entire life~” I feel Claire tense up at this.I stay like this with my girlfriend for a little while longer before softly chuckling, “E-eheh… To think I had my first time stolen by a beast,” I say out loud, Clarisse holds me closer and moves the covers further over me. “You say it as if you didn’t enjoy it as much as you did,” she teases making me only react smugly. “Well that is a lie of course, especially with a tongue like your own I doubt any other normal person could ever satisfy me anymore. Not to mention well,” I wrap my arms around her back and sigh, “You really did make me special last night… so… so special…”She looks at me and cannot help but give me a soft warm smile, choking out to me, “I-I… I’m glad… I really am,” she says clearly on the verge of tears. I wipe her eyes for her and kiss her jaw and neck softly, Claire calming down just a little bit at least to where she’s just sniffling softly. “Come here Claire,” I say and now I’m the one making Claire rest in my body. Keeping her face in my neck and giving her the same treatment that she gives me. She returns the comfort and thanks me for being so wonderful to her, the both of us feeling content with how we are that we slowly begin to go right back to sleep. Claire passing out very quickly giving me the impression that she stayed up very late just to make sure I slept soundly.In any case however, it’s not at all like I’m very far from Claire’s same state, my eyes also incredibly heavy as they begin to close. Me and my beautiful beast lover slowly falling asleep once more within each other's embrace, more than content with whatever our future holds for each other…
  
    Chapter Text
    I’m just a normal knight, a girl that is one of the last living humans unlike the unkindled who are the ones that make up most of the population. The problem with being me, however, is that I’m a knight that has been brought up by Seath The Scaleless. I don’t know where my parents are, I have been told that they came to this castle at one point and offered me to Seath as a laborer in exchange for money.Whenever I think about it I feel angry, like crying, or have an urge to go out there and find them. I’ve tried leaving to find them before but Seath or his guards always found and convinced me, normally Seath would kill anyone who would try to leave but because he brought me up he also personally trained me. To put it in short, he knows that I’m a threat and that I can also kill him with or without his primordial crystal activated.I normally don’t know why I come back, I can easily escape from Seath because he’s so big and slow but I always come back with him. It’s kinda like this, I feel like if I find my parents I’ll also find someone I can love, I want to be with someone but Seath has told me that like any of his crystal knights I don’t need love as long as I have my comrades.Of course, that didn’t change how I felt, I still want to love and be loved by someone but that’s not going to change, actually, it even seems like Seath knows that too.I’m walking through a forest and trying to get to the undead parish, I hear the sound of a roar meaning Seath knows I’m gone again. I sigh and just sit down cross-legged as I wait, knowing that he’ll still find me no matter how far into the forest I go. I hear and feel the flap of his wings as he flies over me, when he spots me, he roars and lands right in front of me. His head bent down as he looks back up and down at me.I sigh again, “Hey Seath…” I look down disappointed and shake my head. He roars lowly at me, the one thing about being me is that he’s taught me how to properly understand him and dragons tongue. “Why have you left again? My noble knight, this is the seventh time this month that you’ve tried leaving.” I grumble and look down while taking out my sword and whetstone.I shrug making him grumble, “(Y/N) you have one purpose, to serve me and my crystal knights. Why do you want to find your family when you have one? They left you at my castles door and I took you in.” I growl and look up having finally had enough and raising my voice at him, “Why did you take me in!?” he stares at me. I get up quickly and point my sword at his snout “I don’t understand what you need me for when you’re a lord of cinder! Who-no, what undead can actually defeat you?!” He grumbles lowly but doesn’t shout back, simply bowing his head respectfully, “You can (Y/N), and we both know that.” I start to get frustrated, “I’m not an unkindled, and why are you afraid that I’ll kill you?! I have no reason too. The only way I’d ever have thoughts of killing you is if you tried to kill me first!” this time Seath looks shocked as if he didn’t know that.He slowly lowers his head and he lets out a huge exhalation of breath or a sigh in other words. “(Y/N) you are right, I can’t keep you here forever. I have been keeping you here and sharpening your skills because I needed to know that you are loyal to me and that you can handle the reason I’ve been training you.” I tilt my head confused and Seath puts a hand out for me to step onto.I do so hesitantly and he raises me up so he doesn’t have to bend down for me to properly look him in the eyes. I stare at the giant scaleless dragon in front of me and he does the same, “I think it’s time you learn why I’ve been training you personally.” I stare confused but he simply begins to carry me back to his archives.When we get back he sets me down on the floor inside of his personal studies, I look around since I’ve never been in here before and I have to admit it’s really impressive how much this dragon reads. “Now (Y/N)... it’s time you learn why I took you in at all,” I turn and listen carefully, “I, at one point, had a daughter. She wasn’t related to me however I treated her as if she was my own. She was half dragon and seen as a monstrosity by the other gods and lords. I did all that I could to protect her but it…” the dragon pauses and gives a grueling sigh, “It wasn’t enough…” Seath looks down in shame and does his best not to look at me, “One day I lost my mind and I still have, I’m barely able to keep myself together as we speak.”I touch Seath’s tail but he doesn’t dare gaze at me still, “Hey, don’t be so hard on yourself. Sure what you do is not the most… sain of things. But you work so much harder than any of the other lords,” he shakes his head and sighs, “I don’t understand how you always find a way to make something bad look good. But that’s not the point, (Y/N) I know where my daughter is… I need you to go and find her, take her and help her escape from her prison.” I raise a brow, “Okay, but then what?” He leans down slowly and nudges me with his nose gently. “I want you to bring her back to me… but when I finish speaking to her I want you to run away with her. Get as far away from here as possible because once the other lords of cinder know she’s gone they’ll come for me.”I start to get worried, “W-w-what will you do when they get here?” he’s silent for a moment before looking in the direction of Lord gwyn’s current, “I’ll hold them off for as long as I can…” my legs feel weak. I know I’ve been trying to leave this place but that doesn’t mean I’m doing it because I hate Seath. I don’t want him to die. He bends down so his snout is right in front of my face, “(Y/N) I ask you… free my daughter… please...” I stare into the dragons crystal-like eyes and nod “Okay… I’ll find her, but where do I go?” he stands back up straight, “First you need my child’s doll. Then you must take the lift down to Anor Londo and use the pillar elevator in the center of the city to get to the painting she is trapped in.” I jump, maybe this dragon really is crazy. “W-wait, did you say a painting?!” he nods and shows me a painting, “She was banished by the gods, casted into the world of Ariamis to spend her life there. In order to get in, you need a personal item of the person that is trapped.”I just nod and Seath points over to a small box under his massive table, “In there is my daughter’s doll,” I walk over and open the box taking the doll out from inside, “Take it, find Priscilla, free her from the painting and bring her back to me… after that… start a new life with her, protect her and give her the life that I wanted to give her but never could. Do that and… your service with me will be done,” I stare up at the dragon and nod before putting the doll snuggly against my belt.“I’ll find her Seath… but… just… tell me, tell me why my parents actually left me with you,” I say making the dragon only grumble in disapproval. “(Y/N)... you know I-” I stop him, “No… no Seath, I’m not going anywhere until you tell me what happened to them!” the dragon stares at me and sees me shaking now. The dragon taking a deep breath in before nodding, “Fine… I will tell you…” he agrees and reaches inside of an archived desk. Taking out a small letter within it and holding it out for me to take, “Do not open it until you are far from here,” he says as I grab the letter. Staring at it and seeing it’s really torn and the paper is worn showing it was written long ago, “What’s in it..?” I ask and the dragon simply says to me, “The answers you have sought all of these years… I didn’t wish to give you them, wanting to spare you from the truth but… you are insistent, and I owe you this much at the least,” Seath’s tone is sincere and so I don’t give him any attitude. Stashing the letter away before thanking him and bowing, walking out from the study room and instead towards the armory. I grab my shield, helmet, electricity infused longbow, and as many arrows as I can carry. I walk through the archives and down the manual moving staircases till I get to the elevator that leads to the hallway entering Anor Londo.I walk down the hall, Seath’s crystal guards bowing to me as I exit, I walk through the long hallways until I see the end of it. I can see a light sunset at the end and the smell of pine and trees hit my nose along with the sound of maybe birds chirping. I walk down from the forest and into the city of Anor Londo, the city looks beautiful but I know for a fact that it’s completely abandoned apart for the few giants and black knights that guard lord Gwyn’s castle.I stare at the city in all its glory but shake my head, “Stop staring, I have a quest. As beautiful as this city is all knights know that their damsel bestows a kiss on their savior,” I laugh and start to walk towards a building, “Yeah right like that’s gonna actually happen to me,” I say, smiling at the thought as it is still a nice one. I shrug and walk past a perched giant knight, “Eh, whatever. Whether I get a lover or not it doesn’t matter since I’m finally going on an adventure!” as I’m saying this I hear the sound of wind rushing behind me. I raise a brow and stop, looking behind me, I see the giant knight about to swing its huge halberg at me.I gasp, “What the fuc-” it slams its giant halberg down on top of me, I quickly draw my shield and block the attack just before it hits me. I hold it over my head and the giant tries to squash me, “Nnnnngggnn!” I clutch my eyes shut as I try to stop from being crushed before opening them and using all of my energy to push the giant’s ax back up and swing my sword at him.I cut through its knee caps armor and while it’s off balance I bash it in the crotch plate making him stumble back and fall over the staircase's railing. I look over it and watch as the giant plummets to his death, I’m breathing both from the amount of energy I had to use and the surprise of the giant's attack. “Why *pant* did he just *pant* attack me out of nowhere?!”I shake my head and walk into the next room, I look to my right and see two more giants but they don’t engage me at all. Why aren’t they trying to attack me? I decide to not question it and run out of the room as fast as possible down to the giant stone cylinder elevator. “Alright, there it is. So Seath told me to take the elevator down to the building next to me.” I look to my left and see the huge church-like building that supposedly has the painting of Ariamis. I lean over the side of the pathway and look down to see a lower level of the elevator with a pathway leading into the entrance of the building. I smile and hiss through my teeth, “Yesssss, the elevator is already locked in the right place,” I quickly go to a small round floored elevator and ride it down, jumping off it instead of taking the stairs next to it, I roll and land on my feet.As I’m walking out of the building and towards the cylinder elevator I feel weird, like I’m being watched or something. I hear what might be stone hitting against stone, I slant my eyes and look behind me without making it obvious, I see out of the corner of my eye a stone gargoyle crawling on the wall and getting ready to pounce.I act like I’m looking at the city and slowly move my hand to my sword of astora, it jumps off the wall at me, swinging its giant stone ax tail at me I turn and slash right through it. As the gargoyle lands, it makes me stumble and fall on my back while it wails in pain from its tail being severed. I quickly get up and draw my dragons crest shield, waiting for it to make the first move, it does exactly that.It breathes fire at me and I quickly block it using my shield, when it stops and the smoke begins to clear the gargoyle appears. I try to block it but it breaks through my guard before hitting me in the side with the bottom of its iron ax. I roll on my side as I fall to the ground, the gargoyle pounces on me and starts to try and bite my head. I move and dodge its attacks, shit! I’m in a really bad spot! I growl at it as it attacks again, I dodge and while the gargoyle slams its face in the ground I notice that its severed tail is right next to me and still moving. It pulls back and snaps its jaw a few times, getting ready to deliver a barrage of lethal bites, I quickly lung for the tail ax and as the huge stone beast comes down I yank the tail ax and hold it out in front of me making the gargoyle slice its face in half with its own tail.I gulp as the ax is close to my face, the gargoyle stops moving slowly, the blood of its slit open jaw seeping down onto my breast plates as its body goes limp. The body of the stone beast beginning to dissipates into a flurry of white sparkles as I turn on my side and stand back up. Grabbing my sword and shield off the ground, I run to the elevator and run down the staircase in the middle of it, making it down to the bottom level. I quickly run into the building and look around, I see about fifteen to sixteen people in white cloaks and masks with a strange curved sword in their hands.One of them jumps me from the side, I quickly stab it in the neck killing it. I walk into the middle of the room and take out my bow, firing about ten arrows within five or four seconds, I kill nine out of the ten guardians I was aiming at. The rest of them charge me, two of them coming at me from an angle while four others charge me head on. Two in front of me jump and try slashing down at me, I do the same and swing my sword across, hitting both guardians before they hit me, I cut their stomachs then block two incoming throwing knives.I pick up both blades and throw them back, hitting one guardian in the throat and the other in the shoulder. One of the guardians in front of me swings down, I dodge and pivot before thrusting my sword at the guardian behind the one that just tried attacking me. I turn and throw the corpse at the guardian knocking him down then jab his head.The last of the guards with the dagger in his shoulder limps towards me, feebly it tries to attack me, I grab its arm and throw it back at him before headbutting him in the face, I hear a crack sound from its head and a puddle of blood starts to flow out from its head. I stare at the mess of bodies I’ve made, “Lords, these guys are terrible at their jobs,” I say, stepping over their corpses and over to the huge painting hanging on the wall. The painting goes up from the floor of the building almost to the roof of the building which is a little taller then Seath. The painting is of a bridge leading to a snow covered mountain with a seemingly large but destroyed castle at the top. I raise a brow as I stand in front of the painting, “So this is where Priscilla is trapped?” I look over the painting and take out the doll, looking it over curiously, “So what do I do now?” I move closer and feel like the doll is pulsating in my hands, it's almost like it’s beating? I stare at the doll and then the painting before shrugging, “Eh, worth a shot. What’s the worst that happens? I get sucked into the-” as I move the doll to the painting of Ariamis my hand suddenly gets sucked into it, I jump shocked and start to get pulled into the painting. “I was just joking!” shout, getting pulled all the way into the painting, my legs kicking behind me as I get swallowed by the canvas… I groan and rub my head before holding myself up with one hand “Ow,” I look up and see the bridge from the painting, the castle and great snowy mountain in the distance of the rickety bridge. I look back up at the sky and growl, “When I get out of here I’m gonna burn you!” I turn around and look forwards, getting up and grabbing my sword that was half buried in the snow. “Well shit, look at that I actually got sucked in,” I say while placing a hand on my armored hip.“Well, I’m here, possibly I’m queer, now let’s just get this done so Seath can at least see his daughter one last time and I can finally get some answers...” I walk across the rickety bridge and over to the other side. As I step onto the mountain my iron boots sink into the cold snow but I actually kinda like it, I’ve never seen or felt snow before. “Hmmmm, that feels really nice. I’m probably gonna hate it as time goes on but for now I’m gonna enjoy it while I can.”I start to see spears with corpses of hollows impaled from the torso with the blade coming through its mouth sticking out of the snow, poor bastards. I hear the crackling of something and look ahead to see a lit bonfire for the unkindled. I look at it confused, “What the heck? Why is that bonfire lit? Has someone already been here before?” I look forwards and see footprints in the stairs leading up, my eyes widen, “Oh no if someone’s already been here does that mean Priscilla is… *gulp* no, no I can’t think like that, she has the power to kill gods. She’s gotta be okay.”I take a deep breath and walk forwards, I see the corpse of a dead hollow in front of a great wooden door that leads into the middle of the castle. I walk through the open doors and see a pillar in the middle with a few weird slug-like hollows with spears surrounding it. There’s corpses and a corpse of an elite knight next to the bodies, good, that means Priscilla should be okay. The hollow slugs look at me and start to groan, I shake my head and walk around the group, really not caring enough or needing to fight them. I step into a destroyed pillar like arena and look around, noticing a small staircase running up the tower, I start to climb it to try and get a better view of the area around me. I climb to the top and look around the very destroyed castle, jeez this place is terrible, wait how do we even leave once I find Priscilla?! If she can’t find a way to leave how am I supposed to find it!?!I want to stay up here and ponder on that thought more but can’t seem to do so when I hear a squawk. I turn around and see a giant half man half bird thing with black wings and a raven head flying towards me with its talons extended, “What even!?!” as I’m reaching for my sword the birdman grabs me and starts to fly away with me. It flies with me through one of the stone windows and out to some sort of bridge leading to some sort of pillar in the distance.I growl and swing my feet up, managing to kick the bird man’s face I make him drop me into the snow as it falls with me. I hit the ground just a little bit away from the start of the strange stone bridge and carefully get up, my vision blurry. I see most of my body had hit the snow and nothing seems to be broken, I sigh in relief, “Never mind, snow your my best friend now,” I look forwards and see something odd.The bridge has some sort of corpse on it with stone on top of its body, it looks like the corpse of a dragon but I’m not really sure. I grin as I walk, that things totally gonna come to life. Just as I think this the stone bricks on the dragons left wing falls off as the head of the dragon rises, freaking called it! The dragon shakes its head as it wakes up and see me before growling, my eyes widen and I turn quickly and run back. I can hear the dragon clawing behind me, I take a quick glance and it tries to snap at me! As I turn around I instantly regret not looking where I was going because that bird creature that caught me earlier is up and flying at me with its talons extended. “Oh give me a break!” it grabs me by the shoulders and flies me over the giant dragon, I struggle and manage to get a hold of a small dagger on my chest plate before cutting the birds leg.It lets me go and I drop back onto the bridge though luckily I wasn’t too high so it didn’t hurt too bad. I scurry to stand and look forwards seeing a giant dragon’s torso, wait… that thing was crawling at me with no lower half?! I shiver at the thought but hear a growl behind me, I turn and see the zombie dragon had turned around and is looking at me, it licks its lips and I take a step back.“I’m so screwed,” it charges at me and I charge too, not really having any other choice, I expect to get eaten by the huge undead beast but it just bashes me with its snout making me fly into the air towards the giant destroyed pillar building. I flail through the air and turn around as I start to fall towards the building, I see a giant woman in a white cloak as I fall towards her. I don’t get a chance to get too good of a look at her as I end up actually landing right on freaking top of her!I feel a throbbing in my head and slowly open my eyes, I also feel really warm and like something soft is on me. That’s because something soft is on me, I feel a hand on my shoulder and what feels like fur brushing over my armor, I open my eyes and look up to see her. Priscilla, the thirteen foot tall half dragon girl with beautiful green emerald eyes, is staring down at me in curiosity. I stare and blush, noticing my helmet has been taken off, Priscilla looks at me too and blushes a tint of pink, wait why is she blushing?! I struggle for words, too enticed in the crossbreeds warmth, I try and say something to her “I-I… U-um eh…” she tilts her head and moves her tail around my face “Can thou not speak?” I shake my head “N-no! I-I... I’m sorry, I-I was just… u-um.” she giggles beautifully “Staring up at me?” I stare more and nod a bit dumbly.I look down at Priscilla’s feet, there’s a huge menacing looking scythe next to her feet, I stare recognizing what scythe that is and what it is capable of doing. She suddenly moves me off of her with her huge tail and stands up in front of me while taking her scythe, she looks down and towers over me as I look up. “Now… who art thou? One of us, thou art not. If thou hast misstepped into this world, plunge down from the plank, and hurry home. If thou seekest I, thine desires shall be requited not,” her eyes glow as she looks down at me, her personality changed so quick but I do feel really intimidated by her. “Wo-woah woah woah! Ta-take it easy. I’m not here to hurt you but I am here to find you.” She slants her eyes and takes a step forwards, I take a step back and stare at her steely eyes. “Priscilla… I need you to come with me.” she stops and looks confused, “And why would I come with thou?” I stop and stand up straight shrugging while scratching behind my head, “Well uuuuh, you have a good point, why would you-” before I can finish she swings the back of her scythe at me, I duck and roll behind her, “Hey! Calm down!” I stand back up and turn around, I expect to see Priscilla but I only see a blizzard starting to roll in. I cover my face and after a bit, it slowly dies down, I look around completely confused when I see Priscilla is gone. “W-wait… what?” I hear what might be footsteps, I turn around but see nothing before getting hit by something in the side. “What the!” I hear a sigh “I tried to warneth thou, but thou did not listen.” she can become invisible?! I look all around to try and find a small glance of her, I see a footprint in front of me and quickly draw my shield blocking her unseeable attack and rolling away.“Priscilla please stop! I just wanna talk-” I get pushed down to the ground, quickly I roll out of the way and hear a clank, seeing a thin but deep slice into the snow from where I had fallen and it’s something undoubtedly sharp. Holy shit. I look around again but see nothing, I hear nothing, and all I feel is cold, crap… I-I can’t keep this up. “Priscilla stop!” the blizzard freezes suddenly and I slowly see Priscilla, her height of thirteen making her tower over me, she looks down at me.“Priscilla lo-” she swings her tail at me and I slam into one of the pillars, I fall to the ground and weakly hold myself up. I look at Priscilla as she walks over to me slowly, I don’t know if she’s savoring this or giving me a chance to do something. I shake my head and she stops in front of me, “If thou does not fight back, thou will surely be killed by my blade.” I reach down to the hilt of my sword of astora and take it off my belt, not even unsheathing it.I look up at Priscila and shake my head “I-I… won’t… fight you... *heavy breathing* you don’t… deserve pain” I throw my sheathed sword away from me before falling down and curling up trying to warm myself up, i-its so cold. I wait for Priscilla’s blade to cut me, kill me, steal my life, but it never comes. I crack my eyes open and see Priscilla’s scythe is in front of me but she’s not gonna kill me, at least not just yet anyways.“Do tell, why hast thou come here for me if thou doesn’t wish to kill me?” I shiver and close my eyes “I-I came t-to f-f-f-find you… t-to bring y-y-you back to y-your… d-d-dad,” she’s quiet and doesn’t react till I look up, her eyes are shaking as she stares at me and her blade lowers a little bit. “M-my… f-father?” I nod shakily but because of how violently I’m shivering you can hardly tell. “I-I-I was sent b-by Se-Seath to… b-bring you b-b-back t-to him.” She looks down at me and turns around, sliding her huge dragon tail under my shivering body, she picks me up with it and warmth radiates from her fur, I quickly move my arms and legs and cling to Priscilla’s tail. I breath out, “S-so… w-warm…” I can feel Priscilla tense up a bit but she keeps walking back to the center of the huge building. She sits down while curling her tail around to her lap setting me down on her thighs. I cling to her clothes and rub my face into her soft gown, “Oh god, I don’t know how your so warm but it's heavenly!” she slowly and cautiously holds me with her large arms.“Now… why are thou here?” she tries to pull her arms away but I quickly grab them afraid she’ll let me go, “No! P-please…” I look up at her almost with a desperate face, I snuggle my body into her arms more “D-don’t… don’t let me go yet… please.” she tilts her head “I-I’m sorry I’ve just… you’re so warm and this is the first time I’ve ever been hugged…” her eyes pulse in shock and I begin to explain.“I was sent here by your father Seath The Scaleless to get you back to him. He really misses you but the problem is that if the gods find out you’ve left then they’ll come for him then just take you again.” she looks away, probably unable to believe what she’s hearing, “Then what goodeth is bringing me back to him?” I smile at her, “Because I’m gonna protect you,” she scoffs but I continue to explain, “I have the power to kill lords and gods just like you, Seath wants me to take you and protect you, to run as far away from this land of cinders as possible.”I push her arms away and get up from her lap, I hold a hand out for her to take “Please… I’m asking you not demanding that you come back with me. See your father one last time then we can leave for a life with no lords, no embers.” she gets up and stands in front of me looking down “Why’th would thou help me? A crossbreed such as myself doesn’t-” I step forwards and reach up, holding Priscilla’s hand. “Priscilla… you’re not a freak,” she’s silent “You were born because of who your parents were, however, they couldn’t keep you because of the gods doing. Me and you have a lot more in common than you think.” she puts a hand to her mouth shocked that I know this “How do you-” I chuckle “I read your diary, when you’ve got a giant scaleless dragon who loves to read as a master you get bored after reading the same books over and over again,” walk over and pick up my sword, “Anyways, my name is (Y/N),” I say and turn to her.She blushes a bit, “(Y/N)... it’s a pretty name.” I chuckle and shrug “It’s okay-” she shakes her head, “No really… I like it.” she and I share a long moment of staring before I clear my throat rekindling the conversation, “So um do you know how to get outta here?” she nods and that honestly surprises me! “We must plunge down from the plank and we will be returned home.” I place a fist on my hip, “It’s really that easy?” she nods.I shrug and start walking, “Come on Priscilla, let’s get you home.” as I’m walking to the plank she suddenly takes a hold of my shoulder. “W-wait,” I turn around and face Priscilla, she has her scythe in her hands but she looks quite nervous. “What did you meaneth when you said ‘we have more in common’?” I rub an armored arm “Oh… it’s nothing don’t worry-” she suddenly drops her scythe and picks me up from under the arms, well this is embarrassing. “(Y/N), despite being away from people for so long my sense to detect a liar has yet to fade,” I look down in shame for lying but Priscilla simply smiles at me, “Tell me, what is it that we both have in common?” she walks forwards, holding her scythe with her tail and me in her arms, going till she’s at the edge of a cliff that leads to a never ending abyss below.She holds me bridal style and makes sure I’m not looking down, “I-I… w-well… just like you I was taken in by Seath… except it wasn’t because I was taken from my parents by the gods,” she tilts her head, “I-I was… they just…” I feel tears starting to brim but quickly rub my eyes to not show it, “They abandoned me… someone paid them to take me from them for me to work as a servant when I get older… and they never came back…”I let out a small whimper, I still have issues with the thought of being abandoned. Priscilla notices this and wipes my tears for me, “Are you okay?” I nod and move her hand from my face, “Y-yeah… I’m fine I just still have issues with the fact that they just gave me away and left me with nothing...” I shake my head, “B-but no! It’s okay, I know even though they didn’t want me someone else will… eventually,” I chuckle and look back up at Priscilla, she’s looking at me a bit weirdly making me worried.“Uh hey, you okay?” she nods and bites her lip in the way that makes me blush, “So I suppose you have yet to be kissed?” I raise a brow and nod, “Um, yeah? Why do you ask?” where is she going with this? She moves her hand and holds me under my arms again, I pout, “Do you have to keep holding me like this?” she doesn’t answer and leans forwards a bit, my suspicion grows. “W-what are you-” I don’t get a chance to finish my sentence when Priscilla kisses me on the lips.My eyes widen and I can feel an electric buzz run through me, the hair on my arms and legs standing up as she tilts her head a bit, trying to get her tongue to enter my mouth. I don’t let it and push her face away from me, she’s panting ever so slightly and blushing crimson, I’m probably doing the same. I stare trying to believe that what just happened was real and not a dream. Priscilla giggles at me and smiles “You looketh so cute when you blush~” I think I blush more but I can’t really tell. I touch my never before touched lips “W-w-why did you-” she smiles and again, holds me bridal style.“I’ve never been around such a cute girl that I feel so safe around. If we are to run away from here, then I want to make sure I’m running with someone I can love and will love me back just the same,” I look up at the crossbreed and my eyes are probably as wide as an owls, “May we only just met, I wouldn’t mind handing myself over to you right now (Y/N), to have a relationship with you and learn more about your personality as we go.”Her tail slithers up from my legs and rests on top of me. I hold her huge and especially fluffy tail and look up to see her still smiling cutely at me, “Re… really?” she nods, “So you are okay with me becoming your mate?” I cringe, that’s a funny way of putting it. I simply nod and try not to make it obvious that I found her saying ‘becoming your mate’ funny.She doesn’t wait any longer and slowly leans forwards before slipping from the edge of the cliffside. My stomach moves up my chest and I cling Priscilla’s tail as she holds me, both of us having blacked out…My eyes open slowly as I look around, seeing we’re back in that cathedral I fought my way through and that Priscilla was still holding me. The crossbreed smiling at me and me doing the same only I look more like a dork who’s suddenly in love. However I can’t enjoy this moment for very long when I hear the booming of lightning and thunder. Priscilla looks scared suddenly, “The gods don’t sound very happy…” I say, Priscilla nodding in agreement and holding my closer. I was carried out of the cathedral, Priscilla stepping over the bodies of the painting guardians I killed and their weapons. She walks slowly up the elevator and to the hallway leading to the castle Seath is waiting in. The sky is almost pitch black only to suddenly be lit up whenever a bright yellow lightning bolt strikes within the distance. She carries me pretty much all the way up to Seath’s castle, I had asked her to put me down when we got to the elevator that takes us up to the archives. She did as I asked and I hold her slender hand, her thumb rubbing against my hand's armor plating in an attempt to comfort herself at the anxious feeling of finally being able to see the dragon that took her in.We hear rumbling and the books and floor begin to shake, frick, we gotta find Seath fast and say goodbye before the lords get here. I hear a roar and recognize it as Seath, I shout, “Seath!” as loud as possible, my voice echoes through the halls and Seath crashes down from the ceiling in front of me and Priscilla. She quickly grabs me, holding me protectively just in case it turns out to be a threat… but it’s not.In front of us is the scaleless dragon himself, Seath. He looks up and frantically tries to find me, “(Y/N), have you found Prisci-” he stops when he sees us and locks his gaze onto us. Seath’s head begins to lower on its own, I can tell that if he had knees he’d fall to the floor on them from seeing his child again for the first time in centuries. “Father...” Priscilla puts me down and walks forwards to her father, he doesn’t seem to know what to do, in fact, everything seems to be going in slow motion as the two get closer to each other.Priscilla stares at her huge dragon stepfather and sniffles before taking him into a huge hug which he hesitates to return. “Father… Father I’ve missed you so!” she exclaims and Seath snaps out of his shock. Covering her with his tendrils and tail while nuzzling her with his head, the dragon actually crying and shedding tears! “Oh my child… I’ve missed you so much as well,” they stay like that for a moment and I stand there enjoying the heartwarming scene that sadly cannot last, “Priscilla… my little one, I’m afraid you cannot stay here with me.” She nods but keeps her hands on her father’s face, wiping his eyes, “I’m aware… (Y/N) told me we must leave…” he nods and I look away, I wish I could stay here and help Seath more, I know I haven’t always appreciated the beast but… I’d fight with him till the both of us draw our final breaths… They separate and Seath pulls out something from behind him, it’s a large bag filled with something glass-like.“Take this, sell them, get enough money to start a new life away from here, and take this as well,” he growls and clasps his hands together in front of his head. A bright white and blue light shining as he lets his hands go and summons a great blue sword that I recognize instantly. The moonlight greatsword… able to harness the power and light of the moon. He gives me the blade and I hesitate to take it but… me and Seath both know I’m absolutely going to need this legendary blade. “Now,” he bends back down and nuzzles Priscilla’s face one last time, “Go, do not ever return to this land…” Priscilla stares at her father and sniffles but nods, leaning on her father whose tears are still dropping to the ground. The dragon however forces his daughter away and roars, shaking the archives completely while crystal guards and priestess begin to pile into the room and stairways. Priscilla is forced away from her father by his army, Priscilla weeping but managing to pull herself together enough that she grabs me, the blade and her scythe, and the sack of crystals, the army forcing us out of the castle and into the forest. The army even daring to point their weapons at Priscilla when she tries to go back into the archives to her father.She didn’t stay thankfully but I can’t deny I wish we could have… I look up at Priscilla, she’s trying hard not to cry but I can tell she’s on the edge of releasing her sorrow filled tears. I look down and take the large greatsword and sack from her hands so she can hold me easier. We run for a while, turns out that Priscilla is a pretty fast runner because Seath’s archives are almost completely out of vision. I look up at the sky and see how angry it is, the clouds are black and lighting is constantly striking. There’s only one lord of cinder that I know creates lightning like that...I hear what sounds like power surging but before I can even figure out what’s causing the noise before a literal bolt of lightning hits us both knocking Priscilla down and me out of her hands. I fall and hit my head but ignore the pain, grabbing the greatsword I stand up and look around, Priscilla is on the ground and her scythe is stuck in a tree a few feet away.I hear the sounds of fire igniting, turning to the source, I see him. The lord of sunlight and fire himself is standing in front of us with his legendary blade. I grumble and whisper to myself, “Gywn.”  He’s tall, taller than me, and has mostly hair and beard surrounding his face however even then his face can hardly be called that. His skin is like jerky and nearly charcoal black with his armor and clothing brittle and ripped up, and his crown. Once said to be a glistening gold that could rival even the sun’s radiant glow, is now nothing more than a piece of jagged metal not even suited to that of a beggars status.He points the sword at Priscilla and jumps at her, I do the same and land in front of her before turning and swinging the huge and hefty blade at the lord sending him flying as a beam of moonlight energy follows after him. “(Y/N)... d-don’t fight the lord. We must run!” her voice is weak and she’s in no condition to run. “No Priscilla, you can’t run right now and even if you could he’d strike you down again,” Gwyn comes back through the forest with lightning forming around his body, “I won’t let him get to you Priscilla,” she gasps. I look at her, “You gave me the chance to have a life with someone who wants to show me, love. I promised your father I would protect you, I’m not letting this bastard take that away from me or you!” I turn back and place both hands on the handle of the sword that starts to glow “You will make me your mate!” I cringe, did I really just say make me your mate? Wow, I think Priscilla’s rubbing off on me already.Gwyn charges up a bolt and throws it, I swing the greatsword up deflecting the bolt then block an incoming fire sword with it. Me and Gwyn get close to each other as we clash, almost to the point that our heads are touching, I snarl at him, “You’re going down old man,” he says nothing and tries head butting me. I had seen the attack coming and dodge it before elbowing him in the head, backing away. We both back away before clashing once more, Gwyn slices twice, I dodge one of his attacks but his other attack nicks my arm. I block an attack with my shield then thrust forwards before letting off a moonlight energy blast and hitting Gwyn in the shoulder. I smirk and he sorta snarls and growls at me, it kinda sounds like he’s just wheezing really hard at me. We continue fighting, there’s a lot of clashing and slashing, most of the time I’m getting hit and Gwyn isn’t but when I do get a hit on him its major. Whenever I hit Gwyn I send a moonlight blast at him making him slam into trees each time. I get hit in the head with the flat end of Gwyn's burning sword, it burns my face but not to the point that I think it’ll leave a scar. I kneel down and hold myself up with my sword, breathing hard and deeply, Gwyn stands over me and shakes his head.He summons a sunlight spear and aims it at me “You shouldn’t have interfered with the gods and that… that… monstrosity.” I grumble and he plunges the sunlight spear down. I move my moonlight blade and block it in time though it doesn’t disappear, instead, it’s a fight between whose weapon is stronger. I hear Priscilla cry out, “Stop! Please lord Gwyn don’t! I-I’m sorry for disobeying you! I will go back to my painting just please don’t kill her!” I grumble and push more, “No! You will not be going back there,” I growl and my blade pulsates with power, “You will make me your mate, you will make me yours!” I unleash a moonlight blast sending Gwyn’s hand up a little, I move my heavy blade and stab through the lord of sunlight’s stomach and chest, “I will become Priscilla’s mate!” I roar, Gwyn lowering his hand and his sunlight spear which hits me exploding into electricity.I fly back and into a few trees before dropping onto the ground limply, the moonlight blade dropping down and landing. The blade stabbing into the ground, my eyes feel like closing after being so tired and hurt. I hear someone rushing over to me and see the beautiful dragon crossbreed herself, Priscilla. She looks like she’s about to cry and quickly, she picks my head up and rests it on her lap, “You’re such a stubborn fool!” she leans down and her forehead presses against my own. I chuckle and weakly take Priscilla’s hand, moving it to the left side of my chest and over my heart, I smile.“D-don’t… worry P-Priscilla… I’m f-fine j-just… really hurt,” when she hears this she looks like she’s going to break down, “I-it’s okay, Priscilla,” she holds my hand tightly and looks into my eyes, “I-I’m gonna keep my promise,” slowly my eyes begin to close as my mind starts to go blank, “You’re going to make me yours, you’ll… claim me as your mate…” my eyes become too heavy and begin to close, the last thing I see being Priscilla nodding and sobbing out to me, “I will… I promise you I will!” before passing out from exhaustion…*An unknown amount of time later* Many years have passed, on the day I fought and killed Gwyn, Priscilla picked me up and ran as far and as fast as she could, what should have been a ten or twelve day walk/run turned into a ten hour one because not once did Priscilla stop running away with me and the bag of crystals. Somehow Priscilla found the village where the pilgrims had come from, when I woke up the first thing I did was grab and cuddle Priscilla. She cried and couldn’t believe that this was real and I’m alive, that the healing pilgrim who’d been keeping me alive wasn’t confident for my survival. I hushed her and assured her I was feeling more than fine now and oh boy did she make me eat those damn words. The lecture… for the love of lords the lecturing she made me endure lasted so long and hit so hard my ears were actually sore without her having to touch them at all. She was grateful for saving her life but that did not stop her from punishing me, so we sold all of the crystals to buy us a house out in the fields. The house had to be pretty huge since Priscilla is so tall, other than the house having a huge roof and large doorways the rest of the households furniture is pretty normal aside from our bed. But once we were moved in she threw me onto the bedding and forcibly marked me branding me hers. She bit me a lot that day and it was painful but I honestly enjoyed it a bit more than I thought I would and hey, now I was without a doubt, Priscilla’s…I sigh and walk out from the store I work in, cracking my knuckles and back, god what a day at work. I sigh and walk through the town, there as some pilgrims and normal people talking laughing and smiling with each other. I smile back and wave at some people as I go back home, I never thought there would actually be a place without hollows or unkindled and lords or gods. I still can’t believe that me and Priscilla had actually managed to escape the lords of cinder and live a normal life. I sigh and slowly break into a small run, “Better hurry home so I don’t worry Priscilla, I forgot to tell her the day before yesterday that I was working a double shift and wouldn’t be home in time for dinner, she was beyond worried and scared last night that she actually came into town at night to see if I was here. No one is scared of Priscilla… except me, seriously when she gets scared and doesn’t know where I am at times she can be really scary with her lecturing.”I make it back to the field we live in, there’s tan colored grass that goes up to my knees and a huge three or four story house in the distance that really only has two floors. And there’s a small river next to where we built it with a small water weel going through it. I walk through the tall grass and turn the knob to the house opening it, I walk in, “Priscilla I’m home!” I call out and hear Priscilla coming down from the stairs. Her legs come out first then her whole body as she walks over to me, I groan and fall into my sweetheart’s arms. She looks down at me as I hug her legs then chuckles, “Did someone have a hard day at work?” I sigh and nod before laying my head sideways against her, “Yeah… that and all day I was thinking about how scared I made you feel last night.” she tilts her head and slowly strokes the side of my head, “Aw sweetie, don’t worry about it. I was a bit harsh on you. Now you go on and freshen up while I get our dinner started.” I nod and let her go, as I’m walking to the stairs I’m stopped by my lovely girlfriend's hands. I turn around and look at her, “Actually, forget what I said. Do worry about how you made me feel. However, I’ll forgive you if you do me a favor later today.” I raise a brow, “Like what?” she suddenly smirks, “You will see~” Shivers run up my spine, “Um… okay,” I say with a rising blush making her giggle and let me go, allowing me to turn around and walk back to the staircase. I sigh and wet my face off before changing my clothes and going back downstairs for the dinner Priscilla had made. The dinner was really amazing, Priscilla had made us a plate of roasted chicken, potatoes, and some steamed vegetables. Through the whole dinner, Priscilla was looking at me weirdly, her eyes would have a look of hunger in them but when I looked across to her she’d blush and turn away embarrassed. What’s up with her? Priscilla had gotten dressed for bed and came back to the room to see I was already waiting for her. Tomorrow is my day off and it’s also winter so Priscilla really likes sleeping in and cuddling close to me, I’ll admit I do too. Her soft beautiful white fur feels heavenly in this time of year though in this village the winters aren’t all that bad, sure there’s some snow here and there but the winters here are more about surviving the crowd of festivity rather than the cold itself.I lay down on the bed and Priscilla follows me, I don’t even take up half of the bed length because of how long it is. “So what is this ‘favor’ you want me to do for you Priscilla?” she grins sweetly and reaches over my side before pushing me deeply into her chest. She puts a leg over me and then curls her head down so her chin is pressing against my head. I blush when I see how close I am to her chest but she breathes out softly, I look up and barely see her close her eyes. Hmm, maybe she was just kidding? I shrug and reach behind her hugging my half-dragon girlfriend close to me. We stay like this for a long time and as I’m about to drift off to sleep I feel Priscilla’s tail brush against the inside of my legs then curl up behind my back. Okay, that was a bit off. As I’m about to shrug it off yet again her tail starts to move back and forth as the large part of it rubs my never before touched area. My eyes widen and I clutch the back of Priscilla’s gown, w-what is s-she- I hear a soft giggle and look up to see Priscilla smiling down at me smugly.I move my hands and hold onto her shoulders as my breathing gets deeper, “P-Priscilla? W-what are yo-you *pant* d-doing?!” she giggles again and turns, moving her arms away from me, she turns me so I’m laying on my back and she’s above me, her tail still rubbing me gently. I turn my head to the side and close my eyes, instinctively I spread my legs a bit giving her a better angle at my slightly wet slit. “P-P-Priscilla, what’s g-gotten into you?!” she smirks and starts to gently lick my neck, “I’m sorry (Y/N), but I’m in heat right now.” my eyes widen, “Y-you’re w-what?!” she kisses my neck all the way up to my ear, slightly nibbling on the edge of my ear love, “I’m. In. Heat. I need you!” she stays where she is for a minute before leaning back and looking at me in the eyes, I stare back and I can see that she really is craving this, that she’s been craving this. I close my eyes and scream internally for what I’m about to say to her, nodding with my eyes clenched shut, “O-o… okay,” she gasps and leans back down, I quickly hold her back by the shoulders, “B-but… b-be gentle… please?” she tilts her head and hums as her small sweet smile that only I can see returns. She moves down and kisses the middle of my throat, slowly moving up to my jaw, “Of course I’ll be gentle my love~” She slips her soft hands into my shirt and rubs up my sides sweetly, I shiver at her gentle touch and she chuckles, “All those years ago you said you wanted me to make you mine, to make you my one and only mate.” I nod and mewl when her hand reaches my breast, “Y-yeah, a-aah! I-I did,” I start to get a bit wetter as the rough bottom of Priscilla’s tail rubs my slit a bit faster. “Well, I’m going to grant you that wish tonight, my knight.” She starts to prod my womanhood with the end of her tail, I instinctively hug her to me in a nervous fear, my arms hardly able to reach around her from how much bigger she is compared to me. She lays down on me and moves her other free hand down to my clit beginning to rub it gently as she massages one of my breasts. She giggles at my flush red face, “You’re just too cute like this (Y/N)~” slowly she inserts one of her fingers through my knickers into my soaked womanhood.I moan loudly and shake from the slight pain and the pleasure, just one of her fingers is big enough to fill my cunt completely! I hold Priscilla tighter and she simply kisses my forehead, “You sound so beautiful, sweetie, and your face looks amazing,” I blush and start to pant when she begins to slowly pump her finger into me, “I want to see more of them, I want to hear your beautiful voice more.” she adds a finger making me yelp a long moan which she muffles by kissing me.She moves her hands to my own, stretching my fingers wide so she can entwine them with one of my hands all the while pinning my other hand down. She slips her tongue into my mouth and begins to turn her head side to side as she tries to go deeper into my mouth. Her tail slinking from my abdomen up to my chest, she pulls away from me, both of us panting though my panting harder than Priscilla. She slightly sits on my stomach and takes my shirt off along with the rest of my underwear.“P-Priscila… I-I’m, hah, I’m scared!” I confess and she tilts her head smiling before trailing the back of her hand down my face and cheek. “Don’t be my love, I will remove my clothing if you’d like?” I think about it for a minute and nod, screaming in ecstasy as I feel my first ever climax hit! Priscilla beaming with pride and humming as she slides her gown off her shoulders then flings it off her body. I stare at the tall and beautiful dragon lady in front of me, I think I’m looking at heaven right now~, I think, my body shaking with lust glazing over my eyes. She tints red but keeps her gentle smile before moving her fingers back down to my soaked slit and clit. She continues what she was doing before, pumping her fingers into me gently but this time adding a third finger while rubbing my clit with her thumb, stretching me wide with how big her fingers are that she’s tearing me apart (Metaphorically of course).I pant slowly and deeply as I curl my legs up, her tail moves up to my chest and she starts to rub my breasts with her silky soft fur. “P-Priscilla, p-please! Faster!” she cocks a brow, “You want me to give you more? When you had only just came~?” I nod and whine silently. She giggles as I turn my head in all directions and moves down, she keeps her fingers deep inside me and her tail’s tip starts to poke and tickle at my erecting nipples.“P-Priscilla? W-what are you doi-aaah! Aaah!” I feel an overwhelmingly pleasurable wet sensation come to my clit. I look down and see Priscilla, my crossbreed lover gazing back at me with her tongue giving long licks to my sensitive clit as she continues to trust her fingers into me. “Pr-Priscilla! It feels so good! I-I think-gah! I’m gonna c-cum! I’m cumming again oh fuck!!!” she hums against my clit sending a pleasurable vibration through me, “It’s okay sweetheart, release all your stress into my mouth, go on~” I nod and do as she asks, she gives one last hard and deep thrust with her fingers and flicks my clit with the end of her dragon tongue sending me over the edge. I climax and she continues to thrust her fingers tips into me gently letting me ride it out as she licks my pussy clean. When she pulls her fingers out I shiver, she continues to lick all around me, cleaning me up and making my hips buck each time.She finishes and comes back up to my face smirking with a little bit of my cum on her cheek. She sees how hard I’m breathing and smiles at me gently in the way that makes me embarrassed, I cover my eyes and pant out, “T-that *pant* t-that felt amazing.” she giggles and lays her head against my chest “I’m glad you had a good time.” I shake my head “No, i-it’s not fair, I-I want to help you to Priscilla.” She giggles and starts to lick my face and neck, cleaning me and smiling the entire time, “Well… I suppose I wouldn’t mind that,” she coos while continuing to clean me. Slowly, Priscilla gets up, placing both her knees on the sides of my body, she crawls up to my face, giving me an incredible view of her beautiful body. “U-um… are you ready?” she nods, biting her lip with a cherry colored blush. I take her by her hips and pull on her to try and lower her down onto my mouth, opening it as wide as I can, I attach my mouth to her slit and clit.She shivers and moans lowely, “Y-(Y/N)! You haven’t even done anything yet and already it feels amazing!” I look down at her surprisingly clean white hair and begin to play and tease her clit with my tongue, I suck on it hard making her cry out in overwhelming pleasure. The taste of her pussy juices filling my mind to where I’m drowning on her fluids.She gasps and wheezes before grabbing my head and holding a fist full of my hair, “Oh! Don’t stop! K-keep doing that with your tongue! I-I d-don’t know how long I can hold out!” I smile and start to pick up the pace of my tongues licking and thrusting. The aggression of my tongue seeming to be way too much for Priscilla as she’s leaning over with her eyes closed and mouth a gap as she focuses just on breathing and the heat rising up in her body.She suddenly gasps loudly and I feel my tongue rubbing against a rough spot, that must be her sensitive spot. I start to assault and attack her G-spot with my tongue, she leans back suddenly and I can see sweat starting to trickle down her huge thighs. “Y-(Y/N)! I’m close, I’m gonna cum! I-I’m gonna fill your stomach with my cum!!!” I release her clit and slit with a loud pop and keep rubbing her with my fingers so I can speak.“It’s fine, I’m ready to take all of you in alright?” she nods and I push my mouth back against her, she doesn’t even last two seconds more before her will shatters. Priscilla grabbing my face again and shoving me DEEP into her pussy, my face being smothered into her soft cunt. Shit! There’s so much! I-I can feel it overflowing in my mouth! A-and I… can’t… breathe… I moan and gag a little on Priscilla’s cum but start to force the very sweet and surprisingly thick liquid down my throat. Closing my eyes as some of her juice flies onto my face while I try to stay conscious. She keeps this up for a bit, holding me down for maybe a minute, I keep forcing her cum down and fill my stomach with it until she finishes.She raises herself off from me, gasping for air, I choke and push Priscilla away for a minute to take in what just happened. Having gone so long without air that you can even see my breath, all the cum I drunk sloshing inside of my stomach while the rest I hadn’t managed to choke down painted my ruined face. “D-da… damn *pant* Priscilla… I-I didn’t think you *pant* would cum so much…” she wheezes a chuckle, “D-did you *pant* really swallow all of it?” she asks and see my face, my mouth still a gap as I gasp for air. Priscilla smirks and I feel myself tense up and the air turn frigid, gulping as she pats by face and feeds me the rest of her cum that’s splattered on my face. She moves a leg over me and lays on her back, sliding her tail under my back, she picks me up and sets me down stomach first onto her. “Let me reward you for doing such a great job and making me feel so special tonight (Y/N)~” I look away nervous and shake my head, “Oh n-no, i-it’s okay Priscilla. Y-you don’t have to do that r-really I-” She smirks and forcibly kisses me, kisses me so hard and roughly that it’s almost like she’s marking her territory. “(Y/N) my love… I want to...” I expect her to have a rather stern face but she still looks sweet and gentle. Her eyes are warm and have a cloud of lust, it being clear she wants to do nothing but please me. I slowly nod and she places her hands on my sides, moving me up so my legs and arms are hanging, she spreads her legs far enough for her tail to curl up through it.She hovers it under me and slowly lowers me onto her tail, putting her soft fluffy tail between my legs and breast, she curls it around my legs and holds them trapping me. I gulp and look at her scared and confused, Priscilla only smiling in response, “Here we go~” before I can ask her what she’s about to do she starts to move her tail back and forth. The rough and sorta smooth bottom of her tail rubs my slit and clit, slightly spreading my pussy’s lips as her tail twists so her fluffier side is rubbing in between my breasts.I start to moan and my fingers twitch “Priscilla, h-how are you h-holding me up w-with just your tail?!” I moan loudly and she smiles at me as she continues to thrust her rough and furry tail against me “It doesn’t matter how I’m doing it, what matters is if it’s making you feel good, is it?” she speeds up a bit, arching her large tail up so she’s rubbing more of my clit and slit with her slightly rough skin.I yelp and start to move with her tail, humping her tail so I can apply more friction to my aching and throbbing pussy. “It feels so good! D-don’t stop, please!” she giggles and lowers me so she can lean up and pepper my face with butterfly kisses, “I don’t plan on it sweetie, I will stop once you say you’re my mate, that you belong to me only~” I nod and whine out loud when she presses harder against me. “Mmmm, your lower regions feel so soft and warm, just like the rest of you~” I blush and slip a hand out from her, holding onto the end of her tail.She shakes her head and smiles smugly, “No, no, no,” she grabs my hand again and pulls me down while pushing her tail up more, applying even more pressure to my body, “This is a reward for doing such a good job of pleasing me. You just lay down and enjoy it, my love~” I nod and grit my teeth as she starts to grind against my sensitive folds slower. My eyes widen and I shoot my head up, “Priscilla! I-I’m cumming!” She suddenly moves her tail out from under me though keeps my legs wrapped and spread. She holds my sides again and flicks the end of her tail against my clit and slit multiple times until I finally reach release. “Priscilla!” I yell out and she kisses me deeply and sweetly, drinking in my moans as I cum onto the bed sheets then fall onto my girlfriends tall and soft body.End Of Lemon.I lay on Priscilla breathing hard as she wipes her tail off then wraps it around my stomach. I rest my head in between Priscilla’s chest, still breathing hard and taking it the feeling of my mate’s gorgeous pillow like breasts. “P-Priscilla *pant* Priscilla that was-” she puts a finger to my lips and nods, “Shhh, don’t worry my love I know…” I hum, more than happy with what just happened between me and Priscilla. “Now my love,” her tail presses back against my sensitive slit making my eyes widen, “Tell me who you belong to… Whose mate are you?” she begins to tease my womanhood again, “Tell me or I will stop where we are…” my eyes somehow get wider and I start to panic, “N-no! P-please I want to keep going!” she giggles very softly and trails down my face, “Then tell me… who, do you, belong too?” she starts to stick the tip of her tail inside me and I moan out “Y-you! I belong only to you Priscilla! No one else! I’m only yours! I’m your mate I swear! Now please, keep going, please!” She smirks satisfied, “Good~ now would you like to continue?” she pushes me forwards with her tail and I nod, kissing my crossbreed lover as I think to myself, how could my life possibly get any better? *The Next Morning*Last night me and Priscilla had made so much love to each other that I think we’ve probably set a record. It was mainly me being the one to be pleasured, I wanted to turn and please her too but her tail and tongue felt so good on my needy and aching womanhood and chest that I couldn’t bring myself to ask her. I wake up to sunlight coming in through the small shades, I rub an eye and try to get up but find something soft holding me in an iron grip. I hear a quiet sigh and open my eyes to see Priscilla below me, her tail and arms are around or on top of me. I notice she’s still naked and so am I, a blush sprawling across my face as I find myself staring at her. Tearing my eyes away and looking outside, snow blanketing everything meaning that Priscilla won’t be letting me get out of bed for awhile since she loves to cuddle me a lot in the winter and cold weather.I slowly close my eyes and lay my head back against her chest, I’m gonna be needing to take a few nights off of work, Priscilla told me that her being in heat lasts for a month or so and that she’ll need me to help her sometimes. I sigh and smile to myself, “I don’t care if I have to take time off of work… I’m Priscilla’s after all, if she needs what’s hers to help her,” I look up and move to her cheek, kissing her gently making her move her head to the side as she snores lazily, “Then I will gladly do so~” I lower my head back down into Priscilla’s neck and close my eyes again, slowly beginning to drift off back to sleep in the softness and warmth of my crossbreed lover, the unopened letter from my real parents buried in a pile of junk and old papers that will never be touched again…
  
    Chapter Text
    (Y/N’s) POVI wake up slowly with an achy feeling in my back and feet, I raise my head with my cat ears popping out from my head and my tail stretching up into the air. I yawn croakily but stop in the middle of it and hold my back from the pain, slowly and carefully I get up from the box I was sleeping on top of and raise my blank shirt up.I look behind me, it’s hard to see but I see long rough red and black lash marks across my back. Whimpering at the sight, a few tears fall from my eyes before putting my shirt down and turning to the front of the alleyway. I sigh and put my cat ears back into my hair and slip my tail into my shirt before walking out of the alley and towards the school.My feet feel really wobbly and shaky, I’m constantly looking around in fear to make sure my master’s hunters aren’t around and looking for me. I sigh and hold my arms looking down, I need to calm down… I mean would she really try and look for me when I’m halfway across the country? I shake my head and turn a corner, the school in sight with people walking into it.I look up at it and stare, a little bit afraid to go in, I stop in the very middle of the crowd and keep staring. I feel a few people bump my shoulders as they continue to go in, I decide to just force myself to keep going. As I’m walking I see a girl with brown coral hair and green emerald eyes with blue flyers in her hands holding them out for people to take. I walk over to the girl and look up at her, “Oh hi!” she says cheerfully and I crack a small smile, “U-um… he-hello. What are you doing?” she sighs and looks down, “Trying to get some more people to join my club, it’s not very big right now.” I tilt my head, “Club?” she nods, “Yes, it’s a literature club.” my eyes light up when I hear literature, I love reading! “Oh, so do you just read with each other?” she puts a hand up and shakes it side to side, “Eeehe sorta? We do read with each other but a lot of the time we write poems or pretty much anything having to do with writing and literature. Take a look.” she hands me a flyer and I read all of the activities they offer. I keep re-reading it and smile gently, “Hmm, thanks um… I-I’m (Y/N),” she smiles and holds out a hand for me to shake.“I’m Monika, are you new here?” I nod and frown as I slip my hand away from her. She tilts her head down curious and maybe even looking a bit worried for me “Hey, are you okay?” I nod and make it very obvious that I’m not. She moves a hand to my shoulder and I flinch before moving away, “Nyah!”I blush and cover my mouth, my ears almost popping out, “Oh fudge!” I muffle and Monika jumps a bit, “Y-(Y/N) d-did you just… make a nyah sound?” I nod and look down “Y-yeah… u-um I can explain that.” she shakes her head and puts a hand up, “No it’s okay, forget about it,” I look up at her, my body already shaking, “Come on, I’ll show you around. Maybe we even have a class together!” she suggests with one of the sweetest smiles I’ve ever see. “Hmph, okay... s-sure…” she walks off in front of me with the stack of flyers in her hand, I walk behind her and we go all over the school. A lot of guys are looking at Monika like they want to ask her something though a few guys and even girls are looking at me too. Not like they want to ask me something but more like in a curious way which I have to admit I’m not very glad about. The day went on and it went surprisingly well, me and Monika have a few classes together which is nice and she’s beyond friendly with me. Eventually, though the classes all ended and it’s time for school to be out for the day, I don’t leave. Instead, I walk around the school looking for the literature club Monika told me about. After maybe ten minutes of searching, I find it when I hear the sound of Monika’s voice. I open the classroom door and peek inside, Monika almost instantly looking in my direction and she gasps, “(Y/N)! You actually came?” I nod and slowly but shyly walk into the room. I look around and see a peach color haired girl trying not to get killed by an angry pinkett for some odd reason. “Natsuki I’m sorry!” the girl with peach-colored hair whines, “I didn’t mean to eat your cookie but I couldn’t resist!!!” I chuckle hesitantly, oh boy… I sigh and close the door behind me, “Welcome (Y/N) to the literature club!” I chuckle and stand in front of Monika, “Thanks for having me… um soooo… what’s up with those two?” She smiles tiredly and shakes her head, “The one trying not to get her head bitten off is Sayori and the pink-haired girl is Natsuki. She’s a bit of a tsundere though doesn’t like to admit it and Sayori’s just a cheeky little sneak who loves to eat sweets,” she chimes. As Monika’s going through a folder she suddenly looks up, “Oh I almost forgot, has anyone see Yuri anywhere?! I sent her to get me some supplies but she hasn’t come in today.” Sayori and Natsuki shake their heads, “Um… who’s Yuri?” she looks down and inside her pedestal starting to shuffle through it, “Oh, she’s the real book nerd of the group. She’s a bit quiet and shy, in fact, she kinda acts a lot like you. Always stuttering, not speaking too much though when she does she seems a bit um… awkward,” I raise a brow, almost an ear as well, “W-wait I-I make you feel awkward?” she jumps and shakes her head, “No, no! Sorry, that came out wrong, I meant that it seems like you both feel like you’re making the conversations awkward.”I exhale, “Oh… o-okay.” she goes over to the other two girls, tugging me over to them both. We stop in front of them and they both look at me, “Who are you?” Natsuki crosses her arms and slants her eyes at me, giving me a death glare. I rub an arm and chuckle nervously, “U-um, I’m Y-(Y/N). I-it’s nice to meet y-you guys,” she keeps staring and shrugs before sitting on the desk.The door to the club suddenly opens with the sound of a small sigh, “I brought the supplies, Monika.” I look over to the door and instantly I feel my heart skip a beat. Stepping into the room is a very tall and mature looking girl with dark purple hair and lovely dark lilac eyes.I hold my chest and Sayori notices tilting her head, “Hey you okay?” I nod and look away, “Nyah! Y-yeah *gulp* f-fine!” Sayori looks at me a bit confused but turns when someone appears behind me. I turn and see the tall purple-haired mature looking girl standing over me, she’s also nervous looking, almost as much as me. “O-oh, hello. I’m Yuri, y-you must be (Y/N) right?” I nod and force a lump down my throat.I turn around and sit on a desk, doing my best not to accidentally curl up on it and sleep. “Hey! Hey! Hey! (Y/N),” my ears twitch in annoyance and I look at Sayori, “Oh, um wait. I wanted to ask you a question but I think I saw something in your hair,” a shiver runs all the way up my body as she reaches up to touch my hair.I hop off the desk and take a step back, “Oh here, I can get it for you!” I shake my head, “N-no!” she flinches, “I-I um… I can get it,” she doesn’t back down and places her hand in my hair right on top of one of my cat ears. I clutch my eyes shut when she starts to ruffle through my hair, crap! Oh c-crap, s-stop-wait that feels… g-good… I start to scream internally, “Huh, (Y/N) you got some sorta lumps in your hair or something.”I start to purr and smile as I rub my head against Sayori’s hand, “What the heck?!” she giggles. “Stop acting weird you two! What are you a cat?!” I jump and my smiling stops when I realize everyone is watching me. I start to chuckle nervously, “Eheh, u-um I-I’ll be right back…” Yuri reaches her hand out, “(Y/N) wait please?” I turn and try to get away, “N-no I n-need to-nyah!” as I’m walking my foot gets caught on a desk leg.I fall to the ground and land on my side groaning, I rub my head and feel my cat ears are out of my hair. “(Y/N) a-are you o-oka-” Yuri stops talking when she sees me. “Oh my god! (Y/N)! You have cat ears!” I feel my tail get picked up from the ground, “And a… tail?” I whimper and quickly get up before backing into a corner.They look at me confused, “Please! Don’t tell anyone! If they know about this t-then I’ll be found!” I slink down to the floor and hold my ears down, “I don’t want to be taken back to her!” Monika comes towards me and crouches down in front of me, “Found by who? Who don’t you want to be found by, and… why do you have… these?” I whimper again.“I-I… I c-can’t-” I feel a hand on my tail and look up ever so slightly to see it’s Yuri crouched down with her. She reaches a hand out to my ears, I jerk my head down and clutch my eyes shut in fear but feel a soft and really gentle touch on the tip of my ear. I slowly look up and see Yuri is smiling gently at me as she keeps trying to comfort me.“Y-(Y/N)? Please, tell us what’s wrong,” I stare for a little bit thinking about it “W-will you take me to them if I do?” she shakes her head “No, you have our word that we will not take you to whoever it is you’re afraid of,” I wince and Yuri moves closer to me. I look into her eyes and see she’s trying her best to give me a warm and calming smile, she’s genuine, very genuine.“O… okay… I-I’ll tell you.” they all perk up and smile accept Yuri who’s suddenly very serious. “W-well… have you guys ever heard of nekos?” Yuri and Monika shake their heads but Natsuki and Sayori nod, “Me and Sayo have,” I nod and reach to my tail holding it, “I-I’m a neko… if it isn’t ready obvious, a neko is a half-human half-cat creature… thing…” I open my mouth and show them I have two small cat fangs.They gasp, “So wait, nekos are real!?!” Natsuki shouts and I nod, “Y-yeah… I’m not sure how many are out there, I’ve never met any others yet.” Monika tilts her head, “So you might be the last of your kind?” I nod, “I really hope I’m not but,” I feel tears on the edge of my eyes as my hand trails to my gash covered back. I whimper when I touch my back, “After how my master treated me I have my doubts that there are any nekos left...” All of them get more and more intrigued and lean forwards, “Wait, master? How they treated you? What do you mean?” I lean down and hug my knees tightly, “I-I used to live halfway across the country in a giant red Japanese palace. It was a nice place but the people who lived in it… n-not so much. My master’s parents found me and gave me to their daughter as a present, I was afraid of her but slowly started to warm up to her… but I only got fearful of her again when I did something wrong and she punished me.”Yuri moves a hand to my leg and up to my knee, “What did they do to you (Y/N)? C-can you tell us?” I look at Yuri, my eyes shaking in fear. I clutch my eyes shut and nod shakily, I slowly stand up and turn around, “J-just… try not to freak out too much okay?” I can’t see if they nodded or not but I just raise my shirt up exposing my back.I hear all of them gasp and Natsuki mutter, “Holy fucking shit.” I turn around and whimper. “When I would do something she didn’t like, like refuse to sleep in the same bed as her or let her scratch my ears or something she’d cut my back, whip me, beat me across the face and… a-and a lot of other things…” Yuri shakes her head. I turn around and she moves closer to me, shaking and whimpering-no, pleading to them, “P-please don’t send me back there, I-I don’t want to go back,” I lean my head down, “I-I… I don’t wanna die.” I stand there and feel someone’s arms wrap around my body, I flinch and jump, wanting to run away afraid that they’re trying to hold me down while they call someone but stand completely still. I feel someone gently squeeze my body against them, a disgusted Yuri’s arms forcing me against her warm soft body.“Y-Yuri?” she can’t even look at me with how upset she is, “We won’t tell anyone, we won’t be giving you back to your master okay?” I can feel how heavy her heart is beating. “This is a literature club, a place that we can come to in order to feel safe and wanted,” I stare at Yuri and my lips begin to quiver. I lay my face against her chest and slowly convolute as I cry into her warm body, I shake my head and I feel her rubbing my ears again trying to help soothe me.“(Y/N), do you want us to help you with your back?” I hear Monika ask, starting to break down even more. Unable to give an answer from being so overcome with emotion, Yuri sighing and answering for me. “Monika, please would you get something for her back?” not a second more Monika hurries off, grabbing any medical supplies she had stored in the rooms back closet. I feel Yuri’s hand touch my back and start to lift up my shirt, clutching her tighter and hiding my face. I hear Yuri’s voice stutter out to her, “B-be gentle Monika, please...” before she can answer Natsuki suddenly pops in instead, “Monika, give me that,” she demands, taking the antiseptic from her. “What, why? I can do it Natsuki, really-” she doesn’t listen, opening the bottle and dabbing it onto a rag. “I know you can, idiot. But I’m more… experienced with this kind of thing,” she says, Yuri and Sayori confused though Monika seeming to know exactly what she’s talking about. I whimper when she presses the rag onto my back, rubbing it softly across my wounds, some of them still fresh enough to burn. I hadn’t stopped crying but now I was starting to claw at Yuri’s back, “Natsuki, I said gently!” Yuri snaps. “Sorry jeez, these wounds are still fresh Yuri! They’re going to burn either way,” she says though this doesn’t really calm Yuri down. Slowly stopping before she begins to wrap a large amount of fabrics gauze bandages around my torso. It doesn’t hurt as much now, but gods does this feel… so weird, I’m in pain but I’m also being hugged and coddled by a beautiful yet shy girl.Natsuki finally finishes, relieved, she wipes her forehead and starts to put everything away, “Phew, alright I’m done. Um… how does it feel (Y/N)?” she asks, Yuri’s gaze locked on me. I move a little bit, “It’s… tight. But it’s not too bad,” I mutter, sniffling as Yuri’s hand comes up behind my head. I lay myself against her before getting a sudden… urge… my ears wagging back and forth a little. “I… Yuri… Yuri, c-can… can you um… touch my ears, please?” I ask, craving more of this wonderful feeling of affection. Yuri blushing and becoming a little flustered but not refusing, gently touching my cat ears and starting to scratch and rub them. “Um, (Y/N)?” Sayori’s voice chimes in, the cute peach haired girl looking at me intently. “How um… exactly did you get here? And your master, what was he like..?” she asks, being a little insensitive though I understand her curiosity. “Sayori please, don’t just ask her that, it’s pretty clear why she ran away from him!!!” Monika says obviously seeing that I’m beyond traumatized already as it is. I shake my head and nuzzle Yuri more, her warmth starting to make me purr a bit, “N-no it’s fine… I-I’m just… I ran away about four days ago and I haven’t slept for three of those four. Last night I kept waking up screaming from a nightmare… and um… it’s a she by the way, not a he,” I correct.“Wait you’ve not slept?” Yuri asks, I nod at her, “Not for um… almost 4 days, no I haven’t…” she and the others look at each other. Yuri suddenly getting up from the desk while holding me in her arms still, never allowing me to leave her no matter how flustered she’s getting. “Come on (Y/N)... you um… c-can sleep over here for a bit okay?” she says softly to me. No one, not even myself, objecting to this as she carries me all the way to the back of the room. Carefully sitting onto the floor with me in between her legs, my head on top of her chest, “Please (Y/N), rest…” she pleads. Even if I wanted to refuse I physically can’t I’m far too tired from running so much these last few days and my body is screaming for me to relax just once.Nodding and allowing the feeling of glorious sleep to take hold of me, Yuri’s body acting as my bed, I-I… I’m in heaven, I have to be she’s so- “S-soft…” I mutter, getting extremely comfortable and turning on my stomach to cling to Yuri. Her hands laying on my wounded back as comfort as I drift off to a much needed slumber…Yuri’s POVI’m really quite shaken by the sight and information I’ve just seen and heard, I’ve never heard of these creatures but I don’t need to know much about them to understand that they really just want to live their lives in peace. I stare at her interested, more interested in her than anything, and I find everyone else is too.Sayori sighs, “Welp that happened…” we all nod and Monika chuckles, “Who would’ve thought… she’s a cat,” I nod, starting to scratch her ears again as my anxiety rises, “I guess that explains that ‘nyah!’ sound she made when she talked to me earlier!” I think about what that scene must’ve looked like and smile with a small chuckle. Natsuki comes in and crosses her arms, “Soooo since today is far from normal how about we talk about that possibility that someone is looking for her?” My eyes pulse, that’s right… her master is looking for her. (Y/N’s) purring gently as I rub her ears and suddenly moves so her head is laying right on tope of my boobs! I blush really hard and feel beyond embarrassed, gasping as I bite my lip not to let out a moan accidentally. Sayori suddenly laughs childishly, “Looks like Yuri’s got a new friend~” she teases, me trying to move her head somewhere else, anywhere else.I start to feel hot, I look at the group and see them all smirking at me, pointing at (Y/N) desperately for them to help me, “Aw come on Yuri, this is adorable! Let her sleep for a bit, please?” Sayori begs. I look down at (Y/N), she looks beyond peaceful making my heartbreak when I realize she might not always look like this when she sleeps.I sigh and shake my head, “Alright… fine. But if she wakes up and questions why I’m letting her sleep… l-like this…” Monika and Sayori exchange smirks, ”T-then you guys are explaining it to her!” Monika shrugs, still smug as she waves at me walking back to her pedestal. Natsuki rolling her eyes before sitting down next to me while Sayori just bounds to Monika almost like an excited puppy. Sighing again and laying my head back against the wall, taking in the feeling of this adorable neko that I’ve taken an almost instant liking to as I start to sleep…*Time Skip*Turns out me and (Y/N) were both asleep for the entire club time, I had luckily woken up first as she was limp enough for me to move her a little further up and off from my chest. When the time for the club was over we both walked out together with each other. (Y/N) was beyond quiet, every time I’d try and ask her a question or make conversation she’d say nothing or just flat out ignore me.I don’t blame her really, she must be terrified of humans after seeing how some of us are and it makes me really upset that she thinks most humans are like her master. I look at her again and sigh, “Um… Y-(Y/N)?” she looks at me, “W-why are you i-ignoring me?” she jumps and freezes for a second, “I’m ignoring you?” I nod, now a little confused myself, “I didn’t even know you’ve been talking to me for most of the walk. I-I’ve been um… l-looking around a lot.”I raise a brow, “What are you l-looking for?” she seems a bit fearful “I-I’m trying to make sure there’s no one looking for me-” as she says this she suddenly hides behind me. I look at her as she clutches my jacket before turning around and seeing a girl with a pink dress and a man with a soft baby blue shirt and pants walking down the sidewalk next to us. They look pretty normal although for all I know it could actually be herThat can’t really be her, can it? (Y/N) holds me tighter and I turn around a bit, reaching my hand behind me I offer it to the terrified neko who holds it to the point of breaking. I hiss at her tight hold and whisper to her “Hey, w-would you like to go back to my house?” she opens her eyes and looks up at me with some tears hanging on her eyes. The neko first looking at the girl before anything and seeming to relax, if not still a little shaken.She nods and I smile before turning around and quickly walking away to my house with (Y/N) following me. When we get to my house I open my door and she rushes inside before jumping on my couch and covering her little head with a pillow whimpering. I lock my door and watch as her tail is out and shaking in fear, Jesus, she couldn’t be any more afraid right now. I close all the curtains and windows before walking over to (Y/N) and sitting down next to her. I reach a hand out and rub the tip of her tail trying to make her feel safer before sighing, “Y-(Y/N), i-it’s okay you can come out. They were just normal p-people,” she whimpers making my heart shatter again. I move down slowly and take the pillow off of (Y/N’s) head to see her covering her cat ears and head as she tries to literally dig her face into my couch.I shake my head, trying hard not to show my anger, those bastards, how long have they been hurting her like that? She had so many open wounds and scars that must’ve been from years ago. I rub her head a bit, every now and then I weave my fingers through her hands so I can scratch and rub her ears. She seems to eventually calm down with me scratching her ears which is definitely a good sign.She suddenly moves up and turns around before curling up and laying her head on my lap sighing with a small wince. Her tail comes up and wraps itself around my wrist holding it tight, I look down at the neko, feeling a little melancholic. She looks up at me for a second with a blank look on, obviously not in any sort of mood to talk or really do anything but lay here and rest.I stare at her before grabbing the remote to the TV and turning it on to a random show, I don’t know what it is but it has a boy with three black lines on his cheeks a wide smirk and blond hair running with his arms behind his back and dodging another character's attacks. (Y/N) lets out a low croaking yawn while stretching her tail and cat ears out, getting comfortable enough that she slowly falls asleep again.I look down and lay my head back closing my eyes, god what a day… I can’t believe this, the first five minutes of meeting and talking with (Y/N) and already we all know her deepest and hardest kept secret… what am I going to do? I ask myself, grumbling and reaching up to my forehead rubbing it. Too tired to really care about much right now as I just sit and watch whatever anime is on until (Y/N) wakes up…*The Next Day*(Y/N’s) POVI had woken up sleeping on Yuri’s lap, I stayed on her warm lap for a long time until she woke up too, mainly because it was three o’clock and I was a bit afraid to walk around the house without her permission. When she saw me on her lap she got really flustered and embarrassed which really made me feel fluttery inside to see Yuri acting so cute and adorable.She also really likes my cat ears, like a lot! She told me she kinda just gets anxious at times and one of the things that can help with that is having a companion/pet. It’s apparently good and relaxing just to have someone or something there to scratch and pet I guess!Me and Yuri both start to get ready for school, Yuri had some clothes from when she was much younger that fit me pretty well so I was able to get some really decent clothes. I allow Yuri to help clean out my hair and brush it, it’s been way too long since I’ve taken a real shower without being surprise beaten. Every now and then Yuri would stop to scratch my ears but I don’t mind, it feels nice to have someone who I feel like I can trust scratch me.As Yuri finishes brushing more of my hair out, we both start out the door with our bags in hand towards school. I look down nervously and Yuri seems to notice, “Y-(Y/N)? A-are you okay?” I nod and keep walking before breathing in heavily.“Y-Yuri,” she turns to me, “I-I was… um…” she leans over to try and look me in the eyes, “I-I was wondering, my master is still looking for me and I don’t want to go back with her… but I’m so used to living with someone,” I fiddle with my thumbs and my ears twitch with anxiety, “I know I’ve known you only for a day but already you’ve given me so much more than my original master so I want to ask if… c-could you… c-can I just… live with you?” I try so hard not to meet her gaze, Yuri blushing deeply.I can’t tell if she’s blushing because I’m flustered or what but either way she starts to stutter incoherently. Taking awhile to stop herself and take a deep breath, “Y-you want me to… do what, be you’re new master or something?” I shrug and we turn a corner, the school already in sight, “Um… s-sorta..? I don’t really know if I want another master but… I like you a lot, and I-I kinda would like to get to know you more?” She stares and seems to be thinking over my request, putting a knuckle to her lips and biting on it, “U-um… c-could I maybe think about it and give you my answer later?” my ears droop but I try and perk up before nodding, “Y-yeah… I mean it’s not a no so I guess I shouldn't be sad.” she breathes out relieved, “Good, um, if you w-want you can stay at my house for as long as you need.” I can’t help but give her a soft smile, nodding at her as I grip my bag’s strap, “Y-yeah I um… I’d like that actually!” Yuri’s blush gets deeper. The book worm turning away to hide herself as we near the school, my new friend taking my hand into hers until we’re forced to separate for our classes…*Time Skip*Yuri had actually found me at lunch and I asked her if she’s thought about my question, she looked nervous again and asked if I could give her more time to think. I, of course, said yes because I want to make sure she knows this is her decision, not mine. I walk to the literature club with Sayori who's bombarding me with questions about my feline-like traits.I don’t have all the answers but she wanted to know if I have a mating season like most animals and I actually do. Just like cats, I do have a mating season and can get into heat, “Really?! How long does it last?!” I chuckle as we walk, “Well usually it starts about 3 months before summer and ends maybe 2 weeks after summer sooooo around nearly 4 months or so?” She gasps, “That’s such a long time!” I nod and we walk into the literature club. I see Monika sitting with Yuri looking at something, “I mean I agree, she needs a home, but do you think you can manage taking care of her?” I raise a brow, what? She nods, “With this, I should hopefully be okay.” I come up to the two girls and make my presence know, “H-hey guys,” they both jump and cover up the papers they were writing on, “What are you guys doing?” They both turn around to me, Yuri looks rather nervous though Monika just puts her index finger up and smiles, “Oh, we were just talking about the upcoming festival for the school. It’s in a few days and I asked Yuri to do the poster for our club!” my tail twitches in interest.“What’s the festival about?” Yuri gets up and rolls up the papers she was writing on, “W-well the festival is where all the clubs of the school get together and present some of the things that they do so more members can join and now since you’re here we’re a proper club.” I nod and Yuri looks a bit nervous. Sayori comes up next to me, “I’ll help Suki with the cupcakes!” Monika nods, “Okay, I’ll make the flyers for the literature club, (Y/N) since you’re already so attached to Yuri why don’t you help her with the poster?” I jump and nod with my eyes lighting up, “Yeah! I can help,” I get closer to Yuri and stand on my toes holding her shirt, “Please let me help Yuri!” she blushes and leans back. I stare at her with my tail flicking in every direction until she finally stutters out, “U-uh s-sure of course y-you can help.” I gasp and hug Yuri’s neck, it sounds like her breath just leaves her, “So… c-cute.” I ignore it and purr against her neck, instinctively Yuri moves her hand to my head and starts to scratch behind it making my purring intensify. “(Y/N) stop!” I turn and see Sayori pouting at me, “I wanna pet your ears too!” she clutches her hands into fists in front of her chest. “Sayori just because (Y/N) has cat ears and a tail doesn’t mean she’s a pet you can boss around.” I chuckle and let Yuri go, “No it’s fine Monika, besides I like getting my ears scratched. It feels nice…” I tilt my head down and towards Sayori who starts to gently rub the tips of my ears giggling, “You’re too precious!” she squeals, “How can someone hurt you when you’re this cute (Y/N)?!” I don’t answer and move further into her hand.After me and Sayori’s cuddle session we all shared poems with each other, I didn’t actually make one mainly because I had no clue we even did that. I have to say Yuri’s poems are really dark but I can’t say it wasn’t incredibly well done. It was from the perspective of a serial killer and their thoughts, why they did what they do and all the thoughts that are running through their mind as they continue to murder people.It was really dark but I enjoyed reading it, in fact, as I said, I love to read since it was my only comfort I had back at my old master’s home. Sadly though the club’s time ended too soon, Yuri and I begin to walk back to her house. I wrap my tail around her wrist a little nervous of being spotted and seen by someone, Yuri already notices and despite her being embarrassed and anxious she holds the end of my tail.I smile relaxed making Yuri chuckle at me, “I think it’s a bit funny how I’ve only known you for a day and a half and now I’m living with you Yuri.” she nods with a smile. “You know Yuri I always liked to read when I was living with my master and I’d always read stories on the computer, they’re called one-shot stories that are stories that are a page long. I don’t know why but right now it feels like I’m in one of those after meeting you.”(Did I just break the fourth wall?)She chuckles as we walk up her porch, unlocking the door, we walk inside the house while I flop down onto the couch. I hum satisfied as I stretch out on the couch, “Yuri thank you so much for letting me live with you, you don’t know how much this means to me.” she smiles and rubs the side of my head, “It’s no trouble (Y/N), I actually really do need the company anyways since my parents are who knows where.” I nod and curl up on the couch while I wait for Yuri to go and get us some supplies for the festival’s poster. *Small Time Skip*Me and Yuri have been working on the poster for a while now, we took a snack break or two but other than that we're making great time. It’s eight right now and Yuri says she stays up rather late till at least eleven or twelve sometimes so we’ll be okay if I accidentally fall asleep and we don’t finish. Not that it matters too much since tomorrow is the weekend, as Yuri is starting to put the finishing touches on the banner she suddenly winces.I jerk my head up instantly and see her holding her wrists, I move to her shirt and roll it up a bit to see a scabbing cut starting to bleed. “Yuri you have stopped cutting right?” she nods, “Yes I have, but they’re still healing and sometimes this happens.” I quickly scoot next to her and take her arm “Hold it out for me.” she raises a brow but does as I ask. Quickly I start to lick at her wound making her jerk her hand away from me, “W-what are you doing!?!” My tongue is half sticking out with a little bit of Yuri’s blood still on it, it’s not a nice taste but I have the urge to clean her wound. “I was licking your wound why?” she starts to flush red, “I-I d-didn't… I can just put some disinfectant on it it’s fine really.” I look down feeling like I did something wrong, I feel afraid that Yuri might hurt me like my master did.We suddenly hear a knock at the door, it sounds angry actually like someone is desperate to get inside. I look at Yuri and Yuri looks at me before getting up and walking towards the door, when she opens the door I immediately want to start running away.Yuri’s POVMe and (Y/N) hear a knock at the door, I get up and walk over to the door opening it to the same girl we saw yesterday with two bodyguards in suits. I look down at the girl, she has red peach hair that goes down to her waist along with a bag on her shoulder and dress, she doesn’t look very happy. I raise a brow, “Can I help you?” she pouts, “Yes, I’ve seen you hanging around a girl with (H/C) (Hair/Length) hair and (E/C) eyes with some rags for clothes, where is she?” she demands and gets right in my face.Oh crap, is this… (Y/N’s) master? I hear a whimper and I turn seeing (Y/N) standing there with both hands between her thighs as she looks down nervously. The girl grumbles, “(Y/N)!” she flinches, “Bad neko! Do you have any idea how long I’ve been looking for you, you stupid cat!?!” I start to feel angry, “Come here, now! You’re coming back with me. I’ll punish you once we get home.” (Y/N) clutches her eyes shut and starts to shake. “I-I don’t want to!” she cries and the girl grumbles. “Get her,” she orders one of her guards who tries pushing past me. I put my hand on his chest stopping him, “Excuse me but this is my house. If you come into my home without my permission I can easily report you.”She gets even angrier, “Let him past! Give me back my neko!” she looks at (Y/N), “Come to your master! Now! If you come willingly I’ll forget about punishing you.” (Y/N) looks like she’s going to cry. I flush red, I-I have to say it! “Why aren’t you listening to me you dumb neko! You’re mine, I own you! You are my cat and I am your master-” I stop her, “You aren’t her master anymore!” Her master stopes, glaring at me, “What… what did you say?!” I put on a glare of my own and stand tall over the girl, “I said, you. Aren’t. Her. Master,” I shake my head, “Not anymore.” I turn to (Y/N) and sigh softly. “(Y/N)? Could you come here, please?” she looks hesitant but I smile gently at her and she nods. She stands right next to me and looks down nervous, she probably thinks I’m gonna give her away. The girl puts a hand on her hip, “Okay fine, how much do you want?” I raise a brow, “Name your price.” I grumble, “Excuse you? You really think I’m gonna sell her? Sell you MY (Y/N)!?” (Y/N) gasps, “Y-Yuri?!” I stare at the girl so hard that I might actually give my eyes a cramp, “I wouldn’t trade her even for my own life. You are no longer her master,” I gulp through my toughness, grabbing my skirts rim and clutching it, “I am…”(Y/N) is speechless, watching as I quickly slam the door on the girl’s face locking it. She pounds on it demanding I let her in and I give back my neko but I ignore her. Walking all around the house to close the curtains and lock all the doors and windows before returning to (Y/N) in the living room. (Y/N) is sitting on her legs staring at the banner as she clutches her knees, I come up from behind her and touch the center of her back softly making her flinch, “(Y/N)? Are you okay?” she looks up at me with tears hanging before wiping them away with her tail, “Yuri *sniffle* did you really mean what you said just now? T-that *sniffle* you’re my master now?!” She looks at me pleading and I can see the glint in her eyes as she hopes what I said was real. I sigh and look away embarrassed that I meant it, “I-I did mean it,” she gasps and jumps up, f-fuck… o-okay um… oh god am I really doing this? “But um… how about instead of me being your master and you being my neko,” I get close and put my arms around her waist moving her close to me, “You’re just... mine… and your love is mine for the taking?” I lean down and press my lips gently against her lips, she squeaks suddenly at the sudden feeling and my eyes clench shut. I pull back slowly and can’t find the strength to open my clenched eyes, the neko’s eyes before becoming flustered and beyond embarrassed that I just did that. Before I can say anything (Y/N) suddenly grabs my face and pulls me back down kissing me as if marking her territory.She slips her tongue in for a few seconds earning a couple surprised moans from me before pushing me away panting. W-wow… t-that was… beyond unexpected. I take a deep breath to try and get some of my air back before (Y/N) suddenly grabs me, wrapping both arms around me, she holds me the tightest anyone’s ever held me. In fact she’s holding me tighter than the time Natsuki did when she told me she was being abused. Luckily she’s living with Sayori now and is beyond happier but that’s a story for another time. I hold her against me and hear her sniffle as her tail wraps around my leg holding my thighs. I stroke down her hair as she whimpers into my shoulder wanting to push herself deeper into my chest.I sigh and kiss the top of (Y/N’s) head making her calm down a little bit. She looks up at me again with a smile that’s shaky, “Y-Yuri… th-thank you… thank you so much,” she lays her head sideways against my chest, “I-I don’t know how I can ever repay you-” I interrupt her, “Don’t… you never have to repay me because being here with me is enough,” I look down at her, “You saying you’re mine and mine only is… u-um, is g-good enough.”She nods but I’m not done yet, “S-say it,” she raises a brow and lowers an ear, “Say you’re mine!” I blurt out, (Y/N) blushing but nods before stuttering, “Y-Yuri… I-I’m… I’m only yours… no one else’s but yours.” I feel so light my stomach might be in my chest, managing to smile satisfied before kissing her head again and entwining our hands, “I-I love you (Y/N), b-but um… let me know if I’m going to fast in this relationship okay?” she nods again and whimpers against me. Only now though do I notice all the paint and other crap on the both of us now, deciding we should probably go and clean up before doing anything else. “Now how about we go and take a bath? You must want one before sleeping.” she nods against me. getting me up before grabbing my hand with her tail and pulling me along, “Come on Yuri! I wanna take my bath with you!” I flush red but nod, “O-okay.” she giggles beautifully as she leads me down the hallway to the bathroom, a genuine smile evident on her the entire way there, she’s finally free. *Month’s Later*(Y/N’s) POVAfter the night Yuri kissed me I woke up in her long slender arms with her hair brushing and tickling against my nose. She had her chin on top of my head with her jaw in between my ears as she breathed gently while holding me. I loved the feeling but thought that it wouldn’t last for long and not to get so excited about one good cuddle session with my new master and girlfriend… I was so wrong.Every day from then Yuri and I were always next to each other. She actually didn’t want to leave me because she was too afraid of me getting nabbed by my old master. Every day we walked to school she didn’t ask me to hold her hand with my tail no, she demanded me to. I complied with her every time not because I was scared of her but because I didn’t want her to be scared for me.Though the best part of living with Yuri is when I mess up, like when I accidentally dropped a plate one time I hid from Yuri in a cabinet because I was scared of her being mad at me. She was mad at me though not for the plate but rather thinking she’d want to hurt me just for an accident. Instead, she helped me clean up the mess and laid me down on the couch with her to help settle my nerves.I couldn’t ask for anyone else to be my master or girlfriend though the only thing I wish didn’t happen to me is getting heated. A couple of weeks after Yuri and I became a thing I fell into heat, every time I took a bath with Yuri or something I always wanted to… do things with her. I haven’t told her about my heat yet but she has noticed my strange behavior.Me and Yuri walk into the club, my master had given up on trying to get me back a long time ago but I’ve gotten used to holding Yuri’s hand with my tail. We look around the club and see Monika and the other two knuckleheads talking together happily. We go over to them and greet everyone, “Hey guys.” they all look at us, “Oh hey, you two glad that today is the last day of school?”I jump, “Nyah! Today's what?!” Sayori jumps up, “The last day of school! Yay!” she suddenly squishes her cheeks against Natsuki and Monika’s faces. ''That means we can all spend more time with each other!” Yuri nods and giggles as she looks down at me. “That also means the start of college administration,” Yuri adds and I smile at her nuzzling my ears against her jaw purring.Monika chuckles, “I’m really glad you two got together, seriously I’m still having a hard time believing you two are a thing.” Sayori grabs my arm, “Hey, can I talk to you for a sec (Y/N)?” I nod and we walk away from the group. We stop near the closet, “So what’s up?” she looks a bit nervous to talk to me which isn’t like Sayori at all, “Um… well, it’s gonna be summer… and you told me a while ago that a few months before summer is when you get in heat. Are you?”I jump, “Nyah! W-what?! I-I um,” she smiles at me and holds my hands letting me know it’s alright if I am. I look down and nod, “I-I am… but I’m trying hard not to get intimate with Yuri because I don’t think she’s ready for that kind of relationship with me.” she nods, “I just wanted to know, also um… you’re still holding Yuri’s hand all the time right?”I nod, “Yeah why?” she looks at Yuri and then outside the window before turning back to me with a stern look, “That girl, the one who used to be your master, I saw her around here earlier with a man taller than her with a suit and earpiece. I think it was her dad actually but um… I’m not sure.” my eyes widen and I look down, “R-re… really?” she nods and I look down more.She holds my hands and makes me look up at her and she’s smiling at me gently, “Don’t worry (Y/N), me and Monika have a plan!” I raise a brow, “What?” she giggles and gives me a thumbs up, “Just leave it to me and Monika!” I raise a brow but feel like crying knowing that I might be taken away from Yuri. Sayori’s smile disappears and she looks over at Yuri, “Yuri!” she calls and Yuri turns to her instantly, seeing something's wrong with me, “(Y/N) needs you.” She nods and comes over to me, Sayori whispers to her what she’s seen making Yuri gasp and truly realize how much I’m hurting suddenly. She comes over to me and holds me close to her as I shake my head, “Yuri, I *choke* I don’t want to be taken from you! Nyah! I don’t wanna leave you!” she strokes down my hair and nods, “I-I don’t either,” Yuri’s hand that is around my back clutches my shirt hard, “So I won’t let them.” she says darkly and I bury my face deeper into her shoulder scared this might be the last time I see her.*Time Skip*I couldn’t be clutching onto Yuri’s arm tighter, she’s holding me tight too as we walk with the sunset coming over us. I’m clutching my eyes shut as we walk and Yuri is just focusing on walking forwards while keeping close to me. As we’re walking down the street back to our home I suddenly get something wrapped around my neck, I get tugged back and away from Yuri who instantly turns around and grabs my arm.I look behind me and see my old master with her father standing there holding a leash connected to my neck. I shake my head, “No! No, let me go!” her dad starts to walk over to me while she keeps tugging me closer. Yuri comes in front of me and holds the leash pulling it so it won’t choke me, she puts a hand in front of me, “Stay away from her.” she doesn’t even stutter.Her dad stands in front of us and holds out a piece of documentation, “This right here is a contract with the police department that says you have to give us back our property. If you don’t then you will be arrested.” my eyes widen and tears fall, “No! No, don’t! Please leave her-” he pushes past Yuri and backhands me to the ground making me whimper. Yuri pushes the man back who suddenly swings at her, she leans back avoiding it before reaching behind her and taking out a large and sleek lightly blue-tinted pocket knife. Drawing the blade she cuts the leash and stands in front of me, “Don’t touch her ever again!” She shouts and I weep as I move close to her and hold her stockings, she moves her leg closer to me and lowers her blade so it’s in front of me protectively. I look up and see a red glint of a maniac in Yuri’s eyes, W-what has gotten into her!? I shake my head and lean up towards Yuri clutching her shirt, “Yuri! Please stop!” I beg and she looks down shocked, “I-I… I don’t… please just stop,” I lay my head against her hip, “Don’t do this. Please…” She looks down and stares at me, “Yes, come here. You belong to us, I bought you for my daughter and you will obey her.” he reminds me and I shake my head, “Screw you!” I hear someone else shout and turn to see Natsuki with Sayori waltzing towards us! “She doesn’t even belong to you!” Sayori yelps and I raise a brow, “What are you talking about, yes she does! And who the hell even are you..? my old master shouts and also questions at once.“Does she?” I hear Monika’s voice and see her behind the two, she has a piece of paper in her hands and presents it to them. I see my picture on it, “Because on this paper it tells us that you found her on a rainy night in the mud and took her. You can’t say she belongs to you when you don’t legally own her,” Monika crosses her arms and smirks at the two, “In other words that stupid piece of paper is completely useless and means nothing. And if you call the police then I will gladly tell them this.”They both stare at me and I see Monika smirk before Sayori comes up to me, “Go on, we got this.” I look at them and nod before Yuri picks me up and starts to run away with me towards the house. Yuri almost kicks the door down and slams it shut before putting me down and crushing me into a hug. I let her hug me and just stand there, she breathes out shakily, “I really thought I was going to lose you,..” she admits and I hold her now. Me and Yuri stand there hugging each other, I hadn’t even noticed she had picked me up and moved me to the couch until she let me go. We look into each other’s eyes, “I-I… Yuri I-” she puts a finger to my lips and smiles gently “Just kiss me already.” I smile and nod before leaning down.Yuri uses the finger she has on my lips to open my mouth before slipping her tongue deep into my much smaller wet cavern making me squeak and moan softly. She turns me over so she’s on top instead, placing her hand on my hip and her other hand on my cheek cupping it, I wrap my arms around her neck as we start to roll tongues with each other. Yuri drinks in all of my moans as she starts to suck on my lips, I wrap my tail around her leg feeling my heat getting higher and higher. Crap, if this keeps up I might not be able to contain myself! As I’m moving my hand up Yuri’s thigh and towards her shirt, we hear a knock on the door stopping us. She pulls back both of us panting hard and blushes on our faces, she gets off from on top of me and walks over to the door.I follow her and immediately get jumped by Sayori who’s cheering, I barely hold her up but luckily she gets off of me before I fall. Monika comes in along with Natsuki, they’re both smirking at us in accomplishment. “Hey (Y/N),” I turn to Monika, “I know that you really don’t want to be away from Yuri right now but if you don’t mind can you maybe go wait in her room or something? We need to talk to her privately about some things.” I raise a brow but nod, first I go towards Yuri and kiss her cheek before leaving and walking towards Yuri’s room to wait for her.I wait for Yuri in her room, kicking my feet while I sit on the bed, I see a small mouse toy that Yuri got for me to play with whenever I get bored. Turns out that paper Monika and Yuri were writing on was them writing down tips of taking care of nekos. It also turns out that I’m not the only neko out there, there’s a few more of them and luckily they’re living happy lives like me.I grab the neko toy that slips from my hands, I quickly go after it, pouncing on it from on top of the bed. I soon find myself playing with it on top of Yuri’s high bedroom dresser until the door to the room opens to my girlfriend. She walks in and sighs exhausted and slinks down to the floor laying her head back against the door, I get worried and hop down from the dresser.Going over to her I lay on the carpet floor and shimmy my head between her arm and thigh before resting my head on her leg. She looks down at me and chuckles happily before rubbing my cat ear with her index finger and thumb. I start to purr which makes her smile genuinely as she sees me enjoying her soft touch.After a bit of this, her smile fades and she looks down and away from me, I stare up at her while tilting my head, “Are you alright Yuri?” she nods and I get up from her leg. She stands and picks me up, setting me down on the bed, she sits on the edge of it and sighs, “(Y/N)?” my cat ears stand up, “That’s me.” I say and Yuri’s eyes have glints of anxiety in them “S-Sayori… s-she told me that they had called the authorities on those people and that now they are going to be doing a search on their home.”I jump and throw my arms in the air, “Nyah! That’s great for us then!” she nods and holds her chest, “B-but… Sayori told me about… the season's cats and other animals get into heat,” I flinch and put my arms down, “S-she told me that nekos start to get into heat a-at least four months before summer starts,” she looks at me playing with her hair, “How long?” I raise a shaking brow, “H-how long what?” she moves her hand to my smaller one and looks at me seriously, “How long have you been in heat for?”I stare into those dead eyes of hers that could easily make my darkest of moments better before switching roles and holding onto my own shirt. “I-it’s… been… I guess I started to g-get heated after a month when you confessed to me, so maybe like three months?” she backs up and shakes her head, “(Y/N) why didn’t you tell me?” I look down and she waits patiently for my response, “I-I just… I felt like if I told you that I have the need to mate with you then you’d feel like you have to do it with me even though you might not be ready to do that yet.”She sighs and tilts her head before cupping my cheek and moving me closer to her, “Are you still in heat?” I nod without hesitation, “When we were kissing back on the couch my hand almost trailed into your shirt but I was trying to hold myself back…” she blushes and starts to drag circles in her skirt. “So… h-how do we stop you from being in heat?” I blush and look down chuckling nervously.“Eheh, u-um… do you want the honest answer?” she sighs and looks down, “I know we can just wait until your mating season ends but I don’t want you to have to suffer through that so… what if… we have... s-s… s-s-s-sex?” she looks away immediately and blushes super hard. I blush to, “W-well if we did that then my heat would die off for a few days before returning again.”She fiddles with her hair and starts to get hot enough to start sweating a bit from how anxious she seems. “Yuri i-it’s okay, I can just bare through it like I’ve always done in my life!” I assure but she simply turns to me a bit frustrated, “No!” I flinch “I-I’m tired of you just baring through things when I can help you with your problems!” I’m taken back by this sudden outburst from Yuri.I feel the burning sensation in my womanhood before pushing my thighs together, “O-okay… a-as long as you want to and you’re okay with this…” she nods and gets up from the bed before going over to the room's light switch. Flicking it down, the room is consumed into darkness as she walks back towards me.I stare while holding my hands tight “U-Um… who should start this?” she looks just as nervous as me and, using both hands, she pushes my shoulders making me fall onto the bed back first. She climbs on top of me and hovers over me with a nervous yet gentle look in her eyes. She looks extremely scared and so do I, Yuri holding her skirt and shaking. I try to help her, moving my hand down and taking her into my grasp softly. Yuri urging to move towards my neck, her quivering lips softly kissing all over my throat. I stop holding in my moans and nyahs when she finds my sweet spot.My grip on Yuri's hand tightens, my lover helping me by entwining my fingers with hers. My wonderful girlfriend continuing to kiss and hold me as she reaches down with her other hand to my crotch. I’ve masturbated before sure but I’ve never ever had sex before or pushed my fingers inside me before so this will more than likely open up a whole new world of pleasures… and fears.“Y-Yuri, r-really i-if you don’t want to do this with me i-it’s f-fine.” Yuri comes back up to me and shakes her head. “I want to (Y/N), l-let me do this for you, please? After seeing how easy it is for someone to take you away from me I-I want to do as much w-with you as possible…” she's still horribly nervous but tries to smile. I sigh but nod, moving my hands up her thighs caressing them before slipping my hands into her shirt.She shivers as I move her shirt up a bit with one hand caressing her sides, she gets lower to me and holds my arm to try and give me the okay to start. “Yuri… I-I don’t know how I can say thank you for all you’ve given me.” she smiles shakily with a blush, “Y-you d-don’t have to thank me j-just… um…” I tilt my head and kiss her cheek, “Just say it, Yuri, it’s only me and you here, I won’t judge you.” she nods and fiddles with her hair, “J-j-just f-f-f-fuck me already… please?” She forces out and I nod before laying her down on me completely, she rubs and grinds her chest and waist against me making me moan softly at the much-needed touch. I cup her cheek and bring her face closer, putting my face into her neck and wrapping my arms around her shoulders. She closes her eyes at this and leans away from me staring into my shivering eyes, “(Y/N),” she smiles kindly at me before pressing her forehead against my own closing her eyes, “I promise you, with every fiber in my body I promise you, that I’ll be as gentle with you as I can be.” she kisses the tip of my nose making me clutch my eyes and hands shut. I nod shakily and breathe out, “Okay.” before kissing my lover passionately.LEMON STARTSYuri and I roll tongues, slowly Yuri slides my shirt up putting her hand into my shirt and towards my bra. She slowly and very gently massages my breast through my bra making my breathing get a little heavy and shaky. “Yuri, I-I do-don’t-” she stops me with a small pinch to my nipple, “Shhhhh, it’s okay (Y/N),” using her head she pushes my jaw up and presses her lips against my neck, “You don’t have to say anything.”I nod and move my head further up giving Yuri a better angle at my neck, she stops kissing it and begins to search for my sweet spot with small delicate licks. I start to give off small, “Nyahs!” as she gets closer to the sensitive spot on my neck, my legs becoming a bit sporadic as I kick them or push my heels into the mattress.She stops sucking when she’s sure she’s left a hickey on me, leaning back to look into my eyes again, she smiles very gently at me. I crack my eyes open a bit more as I feel Yuri’s hand that was massaging my breast moving down to my needy womanhood. I stop her hand and stare at her desperately, “Y-Yuri… what happens now?” she tilts her head, “Do you not know?” I look down and shake my head.“I-I was never educated about this, m-my master one day wanted to punish me with something like this but.” Yuri gasps and immediately moves her hand away from my neither regions, “Y-Y-(Y/N) s-she didn’t actually… r-rape you di-did she?!” I shake my head but with a look of uncertainty, "N-no? I-I don't really know actually um… I-I don't remember anything but her dad being there and his belt undone…” she breathes in, disgusted after hearing this.“Well… do you want me to s-still…” she stops and looks down to see her hand shaking after hearing this. My eyes widen, does she think all the touching she just gave me is making me feel scared and confused? I shake my head and take her hand, putting it back against my groin, I push against her hand, “No Yuri i-it’s okay! I-I… I’m okay if it’s you doing it,” she turns back to me with determined eyes, “You… only you are my master. No one else is my master except you.”I lead her hand to slip into my panties and hold it where it is, “Go a-ahead… I’m all yours.” I admit and turn my head away. She takes a moment but… nods. Taking me by my chin kissing my forehead gently, “U-um… I'm… glad you know that you’re mine (Y/N). Because if you didn’t I would be having to teach you whose you are.” I try and smirk but it turns into just a nervous smile, “Y-Yuri, w-what would happen if I was lying and really didn’t know who I belong to?” she smirks wider and pushes her hand against my womanhood making me arch my back instantly “Then I’d have to teach you who you belong to. Why do you ask… where you lying to your master?” she starts to rub my slit and I open my mouth, starting to breath hard. “(Y/N), where you lying to me?” I force a nod, “Y-yes! I-I was, I’m sorry!” she hums and my legs arch up and press against Yuri’s belly, “I don’t appreciate you lying to me (Y/N), though, because I’m not like your old master I won’t punish you. I’m just gonna make sure you stay mine~” she pushes a single finger almost all the way into my slit.“P-please do that Yuri, make sure that I remember exactly who I belong to.” she giggles beautifully before kissing my jaw. “I don’t want you to call me Yuri right now, I want you to call me master so you can really learn.” I nod and she keeps on prodding me, “Is this okay though?” Yuri asks, nodding at her and holding her shoulders tightly. “P-please be… Yur-I-I mean m-master you’re gonna be g-gentle right?” she nods.“Of course, I said I would be, didn't I? Especially when you called me master~” she very slowly and carefully inserts a second finger into my pussy. I yelp at the pain and small hint of pleasure, clutching onto Yuri’s uniform and hair, “M-master, i-it hurts a little!” she kisses the top of my head, “I’ll stay like this for a bit and (Y/N) I was joking, you don’t have to keep calling me master.” I clutch my eyes shut and press my face into Yuri’s shoulder, I thrust my hips down just a little bit and hold Yuri a bit tighter at this feeling. “Are y-you okay sweetie?” I nod and realize that I’m actually hanging off the bed and holding myself up with my arms wrapped around Yuri.I slowly lessen my grip and lower myself back onto the bed as I let Yuri continue to pleasure me. “Yuri, Yuri, Yuri! I-I’m s-scared!” she smiles at me, easing my fear, “Give me your hand (Y/N).” I comply and give her my hand allowing her to hold it. “Want me to add another finger?” I nod “Put a few more, I-I c-can take it.” she nods and inserts two more fingers, starting to pump into me hard and fast.I breath harder and faster with each thrust Yuri delivers, “Yuri! M-m-more please!” she keeps thrusting but this time she starts to rub my clit with her thumb. Stretching it up and pushing inside of it, it’s almost like she’s trying to put her thumb into my clit giving me more and more pleasure as she pushes harder. “Yuri! I-I think I-I’m-” she smiles and kisses my cheek multiple times “Don’t worry, let it out. I’m right here.” she reassures me and I hug her tightly.She continues to thrust and pump into me hard, it’s almost like she isn’t getting tired at all. “Yuri! I-I-ah, c-can I kiss you?! I-I’m still-aaah! S-scared!” she obliges and leans down, still pumping into me, she kisses me with as much gentleness as possible. I feel the knot inside of me starting to crush to the point that I come undone, moaning loudly into the kiss as Yuri keeps her fingers deep inside of me wriggling them around and letting me ride out my orgasm.I clutch my eyes shut as I let Yuri keep going until finally, shaking almost violently as nearly 4 months of buildup ejaculates from me hard. Yuri couldn't help but just hold me as tightly as possible, letting me slowly come down from my high and lay there in shock and pleasure. She stops pumping and pulls her fingers out from inside of me, shivering as she pulls them out from me. Watching as she brings her fingers up and stares at her cum glazed hand. She looks at them and stares at my sparkling juices before taking a small lick of it, she stares at it as she takes in the taste before putting both fingers into her mouth and slurping on them.I look away embarrassed at this, “Yuuuuurri!" She stops for a second, looking at me with her soft purple hair draping down half her face. "P-please don’t do that so loudly… I-it’s embarrassing!” I whine and she looks at me with her fingers still in her mouth before licking the rest of it off. She takes her fingers out of her mouth before going down to my nether regions, she slides the rest of my pants and panties down before taking one long love-filled lick of my soaked cunt. Cleaning the rest of my climax off with a long filled him of satisfaction.“Mmmmnff, Y-Yuri! I-it feels weird!” she stops once she’s cleaned me off before coming back up to me. She smiles gently and I try to return it but just can't, still heaving for air with my heart racing. Yuri just sighing blissfully, managing to lean up to her and kiss her neck and jaw despite my exhaustion. She hums slightly in pleasure, obviously trying to keep herself together and not reduce down to a moaning mess like I just was.I pull her further down which she allows me to do, I pull back and she turns over so she’s on her back and I can be on top this time. “Y-Yuri… um… yo-you’re okay with me being on top once r-right?” her smile quickly becomes shaky again, my question easily breaking her dominant act.  “U-um, yes sweetie of course but um… a-are you sure you don't want me to do more?" I shake my head at her, determined to make my Yuri feel as special as I can. I start to unbutton her school's jacket, she does the same to me. I finish unbuttoning her top and open up the button-up shirt underneath her jacket, I stare at her rather large breasts along with her purple lace bra. My mouth starts to water a little bit at the sight before me. They're huge… I-I'm so jealous of how big Yuri is but I'm glad only I can see them. I lean down and lay my mouth against one of her large breasts letting this feeling sink in.She chuckles awkwardly, "(Y/N)? Y-you okay?" I nod "Mhm, just jealous about how lovely these are…" she chuckles and runs her hand through my hair combing it. I waste no more time staring and taking in the sight of my beautiful girlfriend. Slowly slipping my hand under her bra to start massaging them with both her nipples in between my fingers.She closes her eyes smiling as she breathes a bit heavily at my touching. I start to slip her bra up and off from her breast making Yuri giggle, “(Y/N), you can just take off the bra if you’d like.” I smile awkwardly. Reaching behind her, I take the clip of her bra and remove it, taking it off from her chest I toss it somewhere randomly on the floor… and do the same to myself.I soon find myself staring at my girlfriend's chest making Yuri blush scarlet. “E-eh, um Y-(Y/N)?” I snap out of my trance, shaking my head, I rub up Yuri’s sides all the way to her chest, “S-sorry, you’re just… so pretty.” she somehow blushes even more. I move my hands on top of Yuri’s breasts and start to rub them in a circle massaging them. Yuri closes her eyes and bites her lip cutely, trying to keep in her soft heavenly moans.“I-it really feels like a cat is trying to have sex with my chest.” I chuckle and push up and down on Yuri’s breast while squeezing them both gently. “Aah!” she moans softly making my heart flutter, she’s actually getting off by my touch! I’m so happy! I lean down and start to kiss and suck on her nipples in between my fingers, it makes Yuri’s hands retract and thump against the bed as she holds the bedsheets.“(Y/N)! Y-you-” she doesn’t finish when I start to circle my tongue around her left breast’s nipple. This earns me more heavenly moans from my master as I continue to pleasure her. I end my licking assault with a loud pop from my lips making her lose all of her breath at once. She’s breathing a bit heavily but seems okay for me to go down to her much needier areas.I slide my hands along her incredible thighs while brushing my ears along her body, tickling her sensitive skin making her hips and other limbs buck lightly. I slowly arrive at her pussy and it’s completely soaked! Honestly, I’m surprised by this, why is Yuri this wet for me? I feel like that shouldn’t be possible for our first time doing this.I breathe hot air on her inner thighs and core making her shiver a few times, “Yuri… you’re so wet, wetter than you should be?” she bites her finger’s knuckle, looking away. “I-I… I just…” I look up from Yuri’s soaked pussy and see she’s clutching her eyes shut, “I can’t te-tell you how m-many times I’ve daydreamed of doing this with you…" she admits making me tint red and my ears perk up, “R-reallyY-you’ve… thought about us doing this before?” she nods sheepishly.I stare at my lover's beautifully embarrassed face before letting my eyes trail back to soaking womanhood. Slowly I lean down to it, I stick the tip of my tongue out and slide it in between Yuri’s folds before giving it one quick and slightly teasing lick up between her slit to her clit. It makes Yuri mew softly, not only turning me on but lighting an even bigger spark of determination to make her feel good too.I rub my finger up her slit making her shiver again, I slowly and gently insert my tongue deep into her throbbing slit that is in desperate need of attention. She shoots her head back as a gasp comes from her soft lips, searching for something to hold onto, I reach my hand up and place her hand on my head. She grabs a fistful of my hair before pushing me against her groin harder, demanding without words for more pressure. I attach my mouth to her pussy, placing both my hands on her legs and spreading them more, I begin to suck on her slit and clit at the same time. Devouring her fuckhole as if it’s my last meal on earth ruining all composure that Yuri had left. She holds my head with both hands now, swirling my tongue around the edges of her slit while still paying special attention to her clit with small flicks of my tongue that makes her give crying moans… they sound like the most beautiful thing my ears have ever heard.She pants harder and harder, I can feel her core tightening around my tongue as I keep pushing deeper and deeper inside of her. “(Y/N)! Holy shit! Ke-keep going! Keep going and your master will give you a special treat at the end!” she offers with a crying plead. I stop for a second and keep rubbing her slit and clit with my fingers, “Really master?! Y-you’ll reward me if I do good?!” she nods and moans like crazy with a small trail of drool coming from the side of her wide open mouth.“Of course I wi-will j-just give m-me more!” she pretty much begs like her life depends on it. Plunging straight back down to her completely drenched pussy to give it some more love. I give her slit a large and much-needed lick from the very bottom of her slit to the top of her clit. I nibble on it very very gently before opening Yuri’s folds back up with two of my fingers and licking all the way inside of her. She cries out in tortures pleasure as she begins to near a long and hard climax which I am fully ready to take in. She opens her mouth to scream while at the same time arching her lower back to create even more friction against my tongue. “(Y/N)! (Y/N)! I’m cumming! I can’t hold on any longer! Make sure not to spill a drop!” she commands and I deliver. Giving her clit one last long and hard suck, it makes Yuri come undone right before my eyes as she shakes hard. She doesn't cum though, oh no, she squirts! Shuddering so hard that the bed shakes as well, screaming in ecstasy as all of her built up worry shoots into my mouth and down my throat. I try and make sure I swallow every single last drop of it, wanting to keep this whole game of Yuri playing my master going a little bit longer.She's sweet… and hot, it's such a weirdly nice taste though that I feel like I'm addicted now. Holding onto Yuri’s thighs as I keep swallowing, I’m making sure not to give her too much rest by constantly pushing the tip and the base of my tongue in and out of her to let her ride it out.Finally, after a minute long if not more, she finishes squirting all of her cum into my mouth. Dropping down onto the bed with a squeak of the mattress before allowing her nerves to settle. I lay my head on her groined, her abdomen starting to twitch every now and then from the incredible pleasure. I begin to purr against her sending a warm feeling through her tired body.She soon calms down and I look up at her to see her smiling down at me, “Y-you did a wonderful job (Y/N)... now should I give you your reward for doing so well?” I nod enthusiastically, holding Yuri's arms tightly, “Yes Master! Give it to me!” she chuckles and shakes her head, no longer too nervous with me and seeming much more comfortable now. “I can’t believe we’re actually playing a 'game' like this.” I grumble, my ears dropping a bit, “Yuuurri, don’t come out of character like that!” I whine and she chuckles again, “I-I’m sorry I’m sorry, I'll try not to.” Her smile couldn’t be warmer, she’s really giving me a look that shows she loves me and right now she’s going to show me that again. Getting up from the bed she walks carefully towards the closet, opening it, she reaches deep inside while moving a load of boxes before coming back out with a strange harness. It has a strange long thing at the end of a part of the harness which makes me tilt my head. “U-um… Yuri? W-what is that?” she looks at the strange harness and smiles gently, “It is a toy of sorts. A toy designed to make someone feel good when engaging in sexual activity.” I blush hard when I get a better look at the ‘toy’ Yuri has. It’s a large black harness with a purple dick attached to the harness, I’d say it’s maybe ten inches long or so and an inch or two thick. I hold my hands to my chest a little bit afraid, “Y-Yuri? W-what does it do?” she unbuckles the back of the harness before putting it on her abdomen. “I am supposed to strap this belt to my waist and then I can use it on you like any real male’s reproductive member.” I look down a little afraid and Yuri notices it, she walks towards me as I sit up. Touching my cheek very softly and looking into my eyes warmly. “(Y/N), if you don’t want to go this far, if this is too much for you, then we don’t have to use this toy at all.” I look down at the toy on Yuri’s waist. It looks really tempting and I can only imagine what the scene will look like with her thrusting into me deeply.I clutch my eyes shut and bring my hand to Yuri’s wrists, “Yuri, y-you’ll… you’ll stop if I need you to right?” I feel her other hand move to my hand as she strokes down my cheek. “Of course I will," she says seriously, I feel myself starting to shake a bit, “O-Okay…” I open my eyes and try to smile, “L-let’s do it.” a small and slow smile forms on her face as she reaches down and under the bed, coming back up with some lotion.She squirts it on her hand and rubs the huge purple member a couple of times before pushing me down onto my back softly. Holding my legs and spreading them just a little before positioning it above my entrance. I stop her before she enters, “Yuri wait,” she stops and looks at me for a minute. “I um… k-kinda want to play a game of my own?” she tilts her head and nods, “Okay, w-what do you have in mind?” I smile nervously, “I-I um… want you to start off slowly, then as I start to loosen up you get faster. However when you speed up I want you to change our positions.”She nods pretty quickly, seeming to already know what the rules of this little game is. “Well… if I’m choosing the positions~” she smirks and makes me turn around so my butt is facing her and I’m on all fours. “Ready sweetie?” I nod and she starts to push into me, she suddenly slides all the way into my pussy making me gasp as my walls become severed.“Yuri! I-it’s giant!” she chuckles and leans over me so her chest is against my back “Should I start thrusting or do you need to adjust?” I shake my head shakily “N-no, your fingers helped loosen me up a bit…” she smirks and takes hold of my shoulders before starting to thrust into me at a slow pace. I moan in pleasure as I hold onto the pillow's casing, Yuri continues to thrust slowly and steadily before I hear a click then a wave of ecstasy hit me from inside.“Yuri! W-what is that!?!” I look behind me and see her smiling gently as I moan longingly, “It’s a vibration. Do you like it?” she smirks and clicks it again strengthening the vibration. I throw my head back and yelp in even more pleasure, “Y-yes! It f-feels incredible!” she begins to thrust faster into my pussy, feeling my walls beginning to soften and relax even more. “Well, p-perhaps it’s time to ch-change positions? Ooh-aah! Th-this vibration is making me f-feel pretty good t-too.” She moves her hands down to my hips and then one to my right thigh, “(Y/N), raise your leg.” she asks. I raise my right leg up and lean slightly sideways, Yuri holds both my leg and side to make sure I don’t fall or get tired from staying like this. I start to yelp with each thrust Yuri delivers to me, the harness beginning to beat and hit against my sensitive clit adding to my pleasure. “Aah! O-oh! Yu-Yuri! It-feels amazing! I love you! I love you so much, o-oh please, make me cum!” she keeps thrusting into me, starting to moan louder herself as the vibration starts to intensify. “I-I, aah, will (Y/N). I-I’m gonna m-make sure you cum, that I show you how much I really love you!” she promises and turns me back over so I’m on my back again and facing her.She leans down over me, placing my hands besides me, she starts to thrust into me like an animal in heat while at the same time turning the vibration up to its max level. I moan like crazy, my eyes start to try and roll into my head as my tongue sticks out, drool coming from the edge of my mouth. “T-too aah aah! T-t-too m-m-much!” I stutter out in a scream of pure pleasurable bliss however Yuri doesn’t lessen up in the slightest.She bends down towards me, still thrusting into me deeply and hardly, she cups my cheek holding it in a tight yet safe grip. I hold the top of the hand she has on my cheek and lean into her touch as I near my climax, “Yuri!” I scream and she gives me a quick peck on the lips, a string of nearly invisible saliva connecting our lips. “I-I-I’m gonna make you c-cum s-so hard y-you… aaah! Won’t b-be able to walk properly f-for days!” She exclaims moaning just as much as me, I nod in understandment before wrapping my arms and legs around her. I pull her down holding her tight as I start to mutter inaudible gibberish, Yuri panting harder as she slowly leans down kissing me passionately until I finally reach a hard, long, and relieving climax that splatters all over the sheets. I hold Yuri tighter to my body as I moan into her mouth, she moans in return so I can only assume she's cumming with me. She continues to thrust into me slowly but hard, turning the vibration off with a free hand. She lets me ride out the strongest and greatest orgasm of my life as I bounce on her fake dick myself. Kissing me over and over anywhere she can be we both drop into the bed. When my climax ends and I come down from my incredibly intoxicating high, Yuri manages to get up. Pulling away sweating and panting after tonight's events. She slowly takes the toy out from my sensitive womanhood, I can see it’s completely stained with my juices and climax.Yuri looks at it then at me, taking a bit before unable to hold herself back. Taking it all in her mouth with one suck, cleaning off all of my juices with her mouth until she is satisfied. I blush really embarrassed that I’m watching her do that in front of me but try not to make it obvious that it makes me uncomfortable. When she’s done, she sets the toy down on top of her bra that was apparently right next to the bed’s side. Her gaze returning to me, both of us tired but full of love for the other even more now…END OF LEMONShe sees me staring at her embarrassed after seeing her do that but she simply smiles and comes over next to me. I look at the clock and see it’s 1 at night, I yawn before suddenly feeling Yuri’s lips on my own. I lean into the kiss and slowly Yuri leads me onto my side next to her. She pulls away from me smiling and blushing a small tint of red while I’m scarlet. She kisses my forehead gently making me sigh softly, “Yuri… y-you were so amazing.” she pulls away and grabs the covers pulling them over us. “So were you, the sounds of you moaning was absolutely delicious.” I blush hard again, making Yuri giggle.Slowly I grab hold of Yuri’s sides and pull myself towards her so my head is against her neck but my face is in her amazingly soft chest. Yuri brings her arms up, cupping the back of my head while her other arm wraps around my waist holding me tightly. I breathe in her scent, sighing against her skin, “Yuri,” I look up at her, “I love you… I love you so much that I can’t tell you through words.” she nods against my cat ears and starts to stroke down my head.“You don’t need to tell me (Y/N), I saw exactly how you feel about me tonight.” I nod and Yuri leans her head down putting her face into my hair as we both close our eyes. “Goodnight (Y/N), my beautiful kitten.” I purr softly against her chest as my eyes close. Sleep beginning to consume me as I fall asleep in my lover's arms and neck. Feeling safe and the most loved in my entire life…The next morning I discovered Yuri really wasn't kidding when she said she'd make me cum hard enough for me not to walk. I really couldn't walk that morning or for most of the day, Yuri was carrying me in her arms the entire time or having me laying on her lap.Although I would be lying if I were to say I regret last night. I wouldn't have had last night go any other way. Me being able to be like that, the way I was, and only for Yuri to see… It helps me remember who I'm really supposed to be with and that there's no one else out there that's as perfect for me as Yuri.In fact, speaking of reminders the next day, Yuri left early in the morning for me. Going to get me a collar, a personalized pet collar with her name on it! Giving it to me as a gift, saying I don't have to wear it but figured maybe I'd like it… I wear this collar every single day now.I know we're only teenagers… that we won't always be like this with each other. But I love her… I love Yuri so much more than anyone I have ever met, and I will never feel any other way. Finally after years of nothing but abuse and horror… I've found the person I want to be with, the master I want to be owned by.
  
    Chapter Text
    VOID GHOST LEVIATHAN’S X DEPRESSED FEMALE READERI was at one point in time a simple person, living under my parents’ roof and trying my best to become like them, doing whatever I could to make them proud of me. Nothing… nothing I ever did pleased them, no matter the grades or the job I got or anything, it got to a point where I started to just not care anymore. Whenever I told them they were hurting my feelings they told me to suck it up and deal with it and that back when they were younger they were ten times more successful than me. It only got worse when I came out to them as gay, they became more hateful towards me and I didn’t have the voice to stand up to them. One day, however, they told me a way to win their affection back. That if I were to go on an upcoming Altera mining mission and come back as a useful daughter, rather than a disappointment that stays in bed and cries. To bring back a large number of valuable materials to become wealthier, if I were to do this, they will accept me back again.Of course, I thought in my head, ‘what could go wrong on a simple 6-month mining expedition? It’s not like the transport ship carrying me and a bunch of other passengers could just suddenly get shot down by a random energy beam’… no that’s exactly what it’s like.Whatever that energy source was that shot the aurora down it managed to damage most life pods that landed in a two-kilometer radius. However me being the “luckiest” of them all, I managed to land in a shallow and relatively safer area than anywhere else on the planet. I don’t know how long I’ve been on this planet but it definitely hasn’t helped my depression. I’ve become infected with some sort of virus, I still find ways to hurt myself, and I think about dying by just drowning myself or getting eaten alive almost all the time... I wake up on the floor of my life pod, checking my hands first to see the infection is not seeming to be lessening. I sigh and shake my head, ‘why won’t this stupid bacteria just kill me already!?!’ I start to cry silently, “Why can’t I just end it?! There’s no way I’m gonna be able to find a cure and even if I do how am I supposed to leave this damned planet?”I scrunch my legs up and start to weakly talk to my built-in survivor instructor, “Hey instructor, you said there’s a cure here right?” my hud chip bings, “Correct, readings show it to be a little bit below 1,800 meters deep.” I breathe out exhausted, “Like I’ll be able to even get down there without a prawn suit, t-those things are locked in the prawn bay of the aurora and I can’t get in there without getting radiation poisoning.”My computer bings again, “A scan of the local area shows that there is a steady drop off that goes beyond 4,000 meters down. There is a chance of a possible opening along the drop off that leads to the cure you are in need of.” I look up through the hatch to the outside. Sighing heavily and exhausted, ‘I guess I really don’t have a choice, without the prawn suit or a cyclops at least I won’t be able to have enough oxygen to get down there even with the best tank possible.’I get up and look inside my inventory, ‘I’ve got two extra high capacity oxygen tanks plus my rebreather, that’ll give me roughly around thirty to forty minutes of oxygen. If what my instructor says is true about there being some sort of quicker path leading to the cure I have no choice but to follow it.’ I climb up the hatch and look around into the water, “Instructor, where is this shortcut?” I hear the computer system analyzing the area before giving the information to me.“Analysis, the opening that leads to a pathway towards the cure is behind the Aurora crash sight, due southwest from your life pod. Detecting a large mass of land just before the edge of the drop zone. Warning, exploration is ill-advised, detections of microscopic and leviathan class organisms within the area that has been classified as THE DEAD ZONE.” I chuckle to myself in fear, “Could you get a friendlier name?” My hud beeps again, “Detecting sarcasm in vocal tone, warning, exploration is ill-advised if you are planning an expedition of THE DEAD ZONE.” I jump in the water and start to swim with my sea glide towards the land mass, “So what? I don’t care,” I focus on the 3-d model projecting from my sea glide, “No offense instructor but… I’m tired of this all... I’m tired of living with these feelings, with these thoughts, I want to just be useful for once in my life at least!” I exclaim, pausing for a moment, “Do you understand..?”  I start to pass into the grassy plateaus as I continue to talk to my instructor of how I’ve been really feeling this whole time, “But (Y/N), what of your parents? Would they not be hurt if they heard their offspring is not returning?” I grow angry before the feelings of tiredness return. Sighing again, “No… no, they won’t. They sent me on this trip to prove to themselves that they didn’t raise a completely useless daughter and that I have a chance to make this family wealthy. Besides if I do hurt them like this then it doesn’t affect me, they’ve hurt me so many times physically and emotionally that I can’t care what happens to them… not at all…”We’re both silent for a while, the terrain starting to turn mountain like as it declines further down. I stare at the underwater world below as I listen to the sound of my sea glide’s turbines, “I see...” I look up at my hud “This talk has been dubbed as a therapy session, would you like me to send this to your relatives?” ‘they recorded this whole talk? I didn’t even know that was authorized by computer programs.’I’m quiet again for a while before making my decision, “Sure… I’ve never been able to tell them how they’ve made me feel face to face so I guess telling them through a message isn’t any different… but… send it...” I’m silent before taking a deep breath, “Tell them I hope to never see them again… and that this mining trip was the best thing that’s ever happened to me…” my hud bings again. From here, the whole swim is completely silent, I swim to the top of the water and refill my tank with oxygen, a huge island with giant pink floaters underneath it in front of me. ‘Damn, for a planet this dangerous it's got some really beautiful sights.’ “Instructor you said the passage is beyond the island right?” it bings twice in response, “Yes, (Y/N) are you completely sure about this?” I nod, “Completely, if there’s a small chance I can get off this planet then I’m gonna take it, cause first chance I get once I’m through the atmosphere I’m heading as far away from my home planet as possible.” before my hud can bing again I quickly dive down, my oxygen now full, I swim under the island.I look down at the abyss and start to swim down completely fearless of what might await me down below. I’m swimming down for a good two minutes before hitting about two hundred and fifty meters deep, the entire bottom becomes darker however is rather well-illuminated thanks to the large chained down and glowing fauna on the ocean’s floor.I look around, I’ll say it again, this planet may be weird but it sure is gorgeous. “(Y/N) I would like you to know that if this is the end of your life and adventure on this planet that it was… an experience to monitor over you…” I’m silent, wanting to freaking cry a little with how upsetting this is. The only compliment I’ve ever been given was from a freaking AI that was meant to help me survive, and it was actually kinda sweet… “A computer program or not I’ll take that to heart.” I stop when I see a large sudden drop off at my fins.The entire ocean in front of me is pitch black, ‘didn’t my instructor say leviathans live out here?’ I look all around into the deep black water, ‘how can anything, even a leviathan, live out here?’ I take a deep breath, “Well… here goes literally nothing.” mustering up all the mental strength I have left I swim straight down. Hugging the wall of the drop off I glide my way down while scanning the area for any sign of passage. After five minutes of seeing nothing, my instructor speaks, “Warning: Entering ecological Dead Zone. Adding report to databank.”I continue pressing on without a second thought, ‘welp no going back now, I just have to hope I don’t run into any leviathans…’ I continue swimming and eventually reach the bottom after a twenty-minute swim going down, I hear weird high pitched screeching sounds around and behind me, but simply do my best to ignore them. When my search comes up empty I start to swim out just a little bit, first changing my tank before continuing my swim, “(Y/N), exploration beyond the edge of the Dead Zone is ill-advised, the possibility of losing your sense of direction and getting lost is 99%.”I shrug, “Well then I guess I better hope that one percent beats the 99.” I keep swimming, not at all afraid for some odd reason. ‘You’d think swimming around a pitch black void with the possibility of a leviathan popping out of nowhere would terrify me but I’m not even a little bit scared. Maybe it’s because this place is similar to how I feel, empty, dark and cold, devoid of life and all hope of survival-’Through my depressing and edgy thoughts, I hear another loud and high pitched screech. I turn around and see a small sign of blue light wisping in the distance, I slant my eyes but the light is soon gone, swallowed by the darkness… I float there in the void for a few moments, looking in the direction of… whatever that was before making a decision, ‘Um… m-maybe I should swim towards it? I shrug and start to swim to where I saw the light. Once more I don’t know how long I’m swimming for, constantly I feel like I’m being watched though not by one, but by multiple pairs of eyes. Eventually, I just stop swimming and stay floating in the void, looking for the edge of the voice once more but coming up empty. Feeling the hopelessness take over me and just… giving up, taking out a cooked peeper and remove the bottom half of my rebreather starting to eat boredly.Once more I hear another screech behind me, turning around and seeing another glimpse of blue light. Just as that light fades I hear another screech, then another to my left and another in front of me, ‘wait is there multiple?’ I put my food away and look all around me, ‘there’s no point, if there was one maybe there would be a way I could survive but if there’s more than three…’ I take my knife and stare at it for a moment before deciding to let it go, allowing it to float to the bottom of the void, ‘then I won’t be needing this.’I wait in the void, treading water, I look for any sign of a leviathan. I start to get impatient, “Look if you're out there and going to kill me already would you just do it!” I shout. “(Y/N), no, please let me help, I can guide you back to-” a loud ear piercing screech interrupts my instructor. I start to see in front of me three blue glows all swimming to me at a high speed, though they’re very… odd looking, they're smaller than I thought they’d be and look… humanoid. My instructor saying two words to me… “(Y/N)... run…” All of them are very identical with the difference being their eyes color, one with red, the other yellow, and the final green. All of them are translucent, their tails making it effortless to move through the water, their skeletons visible through their glowing skin. All but one of them smiling softly as they swim towards me while the third seems… angry… but their hair. Their hair makes them look ghostly, whipping in the water behind them with two horns used for ramming at the sides of their heads.I don’t listen though… instead staring at the three leviathans as they approach, ‘huh…they’re actually really… beautiful?’ I stay still, in no time two of the leviathans grab my arms while the other takes me by both legs. I don’t struggle, though, instead of the beautiful creatures tearing me to shreds they simply push me back to the edge of the drop-off. Two of them hold me against the wall while the third one that was holding me by the legs lets me go and swims up to my face, staring into my eyes. She just stares at me for a long time to the point where one of them… speaks?! “Well, are you going to eat her or not Grace?!” I jump, ‘they can talk?!’ I nod my head, dumbfounded they can talk yet not enough to prevent my interests from being at their peak. “Y-yeah… why are you just staring at me-” the leviathan that had yelled at the one hovering in front of me turns, “Shut it food!”I’m completely unphased by this and stare into the other leviathan’s eyes, they’re even prettier up close... The angry leviathan looks at me confused and frustrated, “Why are you not squirming, screaming, begging for us not to kill you?!” I continue to look into her eyes, “O-oh… w-would that make you kill me faster?” my hud bings, “(Y/N), please don’t say that…” the leviathan looks at me shocked, “I-I, u-uh, w-what?! You want us to kill you?!” I look at the opposite leviathan holding my other arm down and then the first one, she’s not staring at me shocked but rather intrigued. “Yes… that’s one of the reasons I swam out here,” the middle leviathan puts both her hands up commanding the other two to let me go. I look at my arms and gulp, holding my arms making all of them look right at my quivering arms, “I-I just… I-I want it to end...”I start to softly curl up, starting to cry making all three leviathans watch the sight before them. I look at them with a pleading face, “Please, make the hurt stop…” I beg, my instructor, muttering out, “(Y/N)...” sympathetically to me. The leviathan with red eyes looking at my arms and hands like she knows what’s underneath them…They wait a moment, but within seconds, I feel them hold me back against the rock wall, but much more gently this time. Grabbing my arms while the yellow eyed leviathan grabs my neck, the feeling, it’s so nice that again I start to cry but overjoyed. “T-thank you… *sob* *choke* thank you so much...” I continue to cry and feel one hand grasp my neck in a firm but not lethal hold. Her hand traces up my neck then to my shaking jaw before taking the edge of my mask removing it. I wait for the jaws of the leviathan to be around my neck but that feeling never comes. I open my eyes, the saltwater not bothering my already stinging eyes, the first leviathan is still staring at me. Even though I can’t breathe I feel like all the air in my lungs has just come back to me when I see her again. Her kind expression, I look at the other two, the red eyed leviathan looks sympathetic but the green eyed one doesn’t seem so sure as to what she should think.I shake my head and close my eyes again, continuing to cry, I bow my head and use all the breath I have left to shout, “Just end me already! I’m begging you, what do you want me to do?! To scream, to beg for you to spare my life?! I’ll do whatever you three want, just kill me already!” I grit my teeth. Once more I feel the soft hands of the Leviathan on my neck, she slides it up to my cheek cupping it.She makes me look up but I grit my teeth harder, “Please!” I hear her chuckle, “Now why would we want to kill someone as cute as you?” just as I open my eyes I feel the leviathan’s lips on my own, my eyes widen at the feeling, the electrical rush is incredible. Though the water is cold my body feels warm from the leviathan’s lips, she moves her hands from my cheeks down to my waist, squeezing my butt with one hand.I gasp, and even though I’ve been holding my breath for over two minutes now I don’t feel the need to squirm to get up to the surface. It… it’s almost as if the leviathan is providing me with air while we kiss. I decide to enjoy this warm safe sensation, not once in my life have I ever felt like this before and now here I am, pinned down by three gorgeous leviathans while one of them kisses me gently.My quivering arms raising up to her face, I hesitate to touch her, the leviathan giggling into my mouth as she stops for a moment. “Go on~” she coos, urging me to reciprocate the kiss with her. I nod, nuzzling her face a bit before continuing her kiss, holding her cheek as softly as I can before she deepens it for me. Her tongue being shoved into my mouth and licking around inside me as softly as she can for several minutes, the other two watching jealously. She finally pulls away smirking, watching me struggle to pant and gasp for air from all her kissing, “Soooo,” she pulls on the edge of my lip, her deep yellow eyes enticing me, “Still want us to kill you, or even better should we keep you as ours~” I blush a light red having a feeling that I know what she’s talking about. “O-ours?” I ask, the creature nodding at me smugly, “Yes… ours… you being OUR mate~” my eyes soften as I blush deep red.“Y-you mean… you want me to stay?” they all nod, “Well duh you idiot, why do you think we haven’t killed you yet?” I look at the caty leviathan, ‘so I’m guessing she’s the tsundere type?’ I hold both my hands to my chest and start to shake, “I-I… no one, and I’m not exaggerating when I say this, no one has ever said such kind words to me.” I look up, hope, joy, pride, things I haven’t felt for years in my life, all swell inside my chest. ‘I’ve hardly known these three, a-and… they’ve given me more than my parents ever have!’ Having already made up my mind with very little thought, I nod, “M-maybe this is just the rush of you stealing my first kiss but...yes… I-I will gladly become your guys' mate.” the middle leviathan nods with a small smile. ‘I can’t believe this, I’m really accepting their offer? How is this gonna work, they’re leviathans and I’m just a human. I can’t stay under here for more than like an hour.’ The second largest leviathan that hasn’t said a single word to me at all comes up to me and does a load of hand gestures. I stare but don’t understand, “I-I’m sorry but… I don’t-” the third leviathan comes past her, “Valla you dummy, she probably doesn’t understand any of that…”‘She’s not wrong, I have no clue what she’s doing?’ I giggle and all of them turn to me, “She’s right, um V-Valla?” she nods, “I don’t understand, but it doesn’t mean um… I-I can’t learn?” Valla jerks her body up and gets close to me with both hands together in a sort of pleading motion.The first leviathan pulls Valla back, “Don’t get too excited Valla, we don’t want to scare her,” she turns to me, “I’m Grace, that’s Laura, and of course, you’ve already met Valla.” Valla smiles while tilting her head and waving. I smile back and wave, “W-well hello to you all, um… I-I’m (Y/N),” I put two fingers together and ask a possible offensive question, “So, Valla, if you don’t mind me asking why aren’t you um, well speaking?” Valla starts moving her hands again but Laura blurts out an answer.“Valla was born with a defect that made her mute so she can’t talk, she’s really shy though just so you know, so get to know her slowly.” I nod and not two seconds after, my instructor speaks, “Warning, 30 seconds of oxygen remaining.” I gasp, ‘oh crap, no, no, no, if I drown now I might-’ my thoughts are cut off when all three of the leviathans grab me by the arms. Valla on my left and Laura on my right while Grace is above me and holding me under my shoulders.They seem to be swimming as fast as possible to get me from 2,800 meters deep to zero. Within a little over twenty seconds, we’re 500 meters away from the surface, my vision starting to go blurry and blackening I suddenly feel my head resurface from the ocean as fresh air floods my tank and we fly straight out of the water! Breaking the surface, I gasp for air, feeling my stomach rise to my chest as all four of us fall back down, breaching the surface of the water. They all quickly bring me back up, holding me above the surface as I breathe in heavily. Taking a moment before looking at all the leviathans, they look scared like they were afraid they wouldn’t get me to the surface in time before my oxygen ran out, even Laura looks a little worried...I smile softly and take my mask off, my short hair tips touching the water, I laugh before jumping on one of them. It just so happens to be Laura, she comes back up looking angry and growls pushing me off, “The hell was that for?!” I giggle and cling to her waist, “Just… I’m happy,” I look at the other two, they’re both smiling and Laura’s just growling at me… “I-I… I’m really… really happy,” I mutter, Laura’s growling slowly stopping before she just sighs. Holding me against her and nuzzling me a bit, pouting while looking away to show she’s not entirely cold. Before I know it all three of them are on me and crushing me with a hug though I still hug them back, their warmth too enticing to ignore. “Well, why don’t we head back to land and we can start our new lives there?” I nod but have a question, “Sure but um… how am I gonna live with you three if you can’t go on land?” they all look at each other and smile before turning back to me with the same smiles.“We don’t just have tails (Y/N), we can turn our tails from legs if we want to.” as amazing at that is I only nod at her rather than acting amazed, Valla suddenly diving down, putting me on her shoulders and smiling widely at me as all four of us start to swim, being carried towards the floating island for… what I can only assume will be my new life…A few hours later I had asked the three leviathans to go and do their own thing and come back later tonight. They were at first suspicious of me, thinking I’d try to run from them but with the best smile I could give them, I managed to convince them I won’t leave, not that I can anyways. I go out and gather as much scrap metal, quartz, copper, and lithium I can carry, making multiple trips back and forth between the safe shallows and the island.Once it’s around dusk I start making a small and sustainable base for myself right on the shoreline. Using titanium I make three multipurpose rooms stacked on top of each other while adding a moon pool that connects to the bottom room so that all three leviathans can just climb inside from the ocean. I finish my base with about twenty solar panels at the top of the mountain, getting the most amount of sunlight possible, I connect the power lines down to the base restoring power to it. I stand back, admiring my handy work, ‘maybe my parents were wrong after all. I mean for one person this is pretty impressive when I think about it.’ I hear splashing of water behind me and turn around, all three of the leviathan’s heads are poking out of the water and looking at my base with their mouths hanging open.I stand there in front of them sorta embarrassed, “S-so… what do you think?” all of them shake their heads before coming close to shore and walking onto the island, their transparent legs look incredible on them. “(Y/N) i-it looks… well, eheh, I don’t know how to describe it but it’s very impressive.” Valla jumps up, speaking to me in what I’ve learned as sign language, a very long and nearly forgotten language since deafness isn’t much of a problem nowadays.‘I was able to learn a little bit while she was gone’, “Heh, th-thanks Valla I’m glad you like it.” She smiles at me and I hear Laura scoff. I look at her and she tries her best not to blush, “I-it’s okay I guess… baka.” I shake my head but with a smile, ‘yep, total tsundere.’ I walk them all over to a small hatch that leads into the base, I open it and quickly they all scurry inside.They look around the base a bit confused at the sights before them. I have a grow bed on the base with marble melons growing, two round tables with chairs, a kitchen counter and fabricator along with a large PDA screen hanging on the wall that I was able to salvage. My hands start to feel itchy, I quickly take off my gloves and start to scratch my green pustule covered hand, it’s starting to look even worse, ‘I don’t have much time I’m guessing…’Valla comes over to me and takes one of my hands, she makes me look at her and has her hand behind her back. She pulls her hand out from behind her, a strange golden gooey liquid in her hands. She doesn’t let me ask her what it is and rubs it on my hands quickly. I look at my hands, the urge to try and get the goo off my hands is almost irresistible however she simply holds my wrists making sure I can’t move them, a hiss of pain coming from me as her thumb presses down on one of my many cuts. I feel my body starting to tingle, especially my hands since they’re covered with the strange substance. My hands start to burn suddenly and all the pustules on my skin start to disapparate. I stare at my hands then at the leviathans, they’re all smiling slyly at me, “Y-you found the cure for me?” they all nod, “Yeah,” Grace looks over to Laura and grins, “Though Laura did most of the work (Y/N), she even said she doesn’t want to see you hurt so she did pretty much everything on her own~” Laura blushes hard, “S-shut up! It’s not like I did it for you specifically damnit!” I laugh, ‘oh my god, my life has never been more perfect than it is now.’ I look at Valla and Grace as they laugh and mock the angry tsundere, ‘where have these three been all my life?’ I shake my head before walking over to Laura, standing on my toes, I give Laura a wet peck on the cheek. She blushes more and touches the cheek I had kissed, I look at Valla and realize I haven’t kissed her yet. I smile nervously, “C-come here, you too Valla.” she jumps excitedly and comes over to me happily, bending down slightly I kiss her cheek making her flush yellow but with a smile.I look back at my cut wrist, ‘I can’t believe this… I know their leviathans and all but still… what do they see in me that they like so much?’ I feel Valla put her hands on mine, she rolls my wet suit up and stares at my arms again. I look into the leviathan’s four glowing soft eyes, she lets one of my hands go and speaks through sign language.I understand some of the words, “Something, something, why do you, something?” Valla puts a hand over her mouth smiling, I guess that’s her laughing, it probably would be silent. Grace comes over and puts her hand on my shoulder “Hm, it’s very incredible that you’ve already memorized some of Valla’s language. Valla was asking ‘can you tell us why do you hurt yourself’.” I jump at the question and hold one of my wrists, “I-I-I d-don’t…” I’m silent. When I don’t come out with an answer Laura hops off the table she is sitting on and comes over to me looking annoyed. She puts both hands on my shoulders and pushes me to the counter roughly, “Oh no (Y/N), I didn’t go through all that trouble to get you that damned cure only for you to hurt yourself!” I start to get a little afraid. Watching as she towers over me and leans in closer, “Whether you want to or not you are gonna tell us why you do this so that we can help you!”I start to shake at the leviathan towering over me, “Answer. Valla’s. Question. Now!” I wince. Valla comes over and taps Laura’s shoulder, she turns from me to her still angry. She speaks in sign, Laura staring and getting visibly angrier before finally speaking, “Go easy on her? I’m scaring her!? I need to calm down!?!” she nods and points at me. Laura turns to me and sees my face though hers doesn’t soften, “Why should I when she’s terrifying the shit outta me with this, this… this cutting!” my eyes widen, wait I’m… I-I’m scaring Laura?Valla, me, even Grace, look shocked at Laura. She turns to Valla and Grace frustrated, “What?!” Grace comes over still shocked and struggling for words “I-it’s just that… Laura, you never get scared or worried for anyone but yourself most of the time.” she blushes. “Y-yeah, well most of the time I don’t have to! We’re usually only on our own out there that we never have to worry about predators!”Through the leviathan’s bickering, I feel tears behind my eyes, I-I’m scaring her… I start sobbing quietly. Laura slowly turns back to me, she starts to freak out when she sees me crying, “Ahh! W-why are you crying?! Ah, I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to scare you I just-” I cut her off with a very unexpected hug. I sob into her shoulders, “No, I’m not crying cause you scared me… I’m crying because I’M the one who scared you!”I shake my head in the leviathan’s shoulder soaking it with tears, “I-I’m sorry I scared you, Laura…” I shakily breathe out as I squeeze Laura to me. She hesitates, but gently hugs me against her, stroking my hair, “Well if you’re sorry then don’t ever do this again you idiot...” I just nod, unable to argue with her. “This… this feels good. Laura do you know how long I’ve been needing this sort of comfort?” the tsundere becomes more gentle and continues stroking my hair, “No, how long?” I shrug. ‘I didn’t expect her to actually answer my question’ “Ever since I was young I’ve felt useless, unloved, like everything I did only hurt people rather than help them.”I feel Valla and Grace surround me to watch me, Grace not saying anything yet, “I hurt myself because it makes me feel something, I’d rather feel pain than nothing at all. My parents hate me, they think I’m nothing and the fact that I’m gay doesn’t make things better-” quickly Laura takes me by both cheeks squishing them with her large transparent hands to shut me up, “Well (Y/N) if your so useless then your parents aren’t any better, they wanted to live out their life long dreams through you. Understand (Y/N) that this,” she takes my cut wrists, “Is their doing not your own.” I nod before Laura pulls me into a passionate and safe kiss to which I happily return, tears streaming down my face at the warm feeling. When we pull back Laura is blushing a deep yellow while I’m just smiling, “What are you smiling at you dummy!?” I shake my head and place my cheek on Laura’s chest. Valla and Grace lead me over to the table I set up and sit me down on Valla’s lap.“(Y/N) can I please ask, how old are you? You said you were young when you felt these feelings, how long have you been feeling like this?” I hold Valla a bit tighter, I feel the said to be shy leviathan tense up, “I-I’m eighteen.” they all gasp, including Valla. Laura bangs the table with both hands startling me, “They made you come out and work on such a dangerous place like this at this age?!” I nod and put my face in Valla’s neck.Laura growls, “I’m gonna kill those bastards!” Valla puts her hand to her mouth again laughing, she does a few more hand signs, “Like hell, I’ll find a way off this dumbass rock then and devour them both slowly!” I feel Valla shake her head. After a few minutes of Valla comforting me and Laura and Grace chatting I speak quietly, “S-so, it’s getting rather late, what do you three say we go to bed?” Laura, Valla, and Grace all look at each other evilly before looking back at me, “Oh of course (Y/N),” Laura leans over the table, licking her lips as she looks at me, “We’ve been waiting to take you to bed all day~” I squeak making Valla cover her mouth again. Quickly all three leviathans stand up, me still in Valla’s arms, they walk towards the ladder that leads to the top level of the base, the bedroom.They don’t put me down, taking turns, they pass me up the ladders only to be back in Valla’s arms again. “Jeez Valla, you really like (Y/N),” she nods smiling with her eyes closed, “You're always so shy but lately you’ve been so happy, you didn’t once hesitate when we were out hunting this afternoon.” Valla, Laura, and Grace look at the huge bed in the center of the room, ‘I don’t know how I managed to find a blueprint for a bed big enough to fit three adult leviathans plus myself but I managed.’ Valla walks to the bed, examining it with me still in her arms, “S-so what are you guys wanting to do that you have such huge grins?” I ask nervous and quickly, Grace presents me with an answer, “Well Valla had made a good point while we were hunting earlier, she thinks the only way to help you (Y/N) is if you have a family of your own with three absolutely dazzling women as your wives.” I blush hard, ‘I mean I-I suppose that will make me happy, to have a family with these three…’LEMON STARTS HEREValla carefully sets me down and I stand in front of her, she looks at me with a warm smile and uses her sign language, I understand it perfectly, “OF COURSE IT’S YOUR CHOICE.” reading her hand gestures I nod. “I know it’s my choice,” I look at all the leviathans, eagerly, their faces shine with anticipation, “But I’ve already made my choice...” I take the shyer leviathan by both her ram-like horns and tug her lips into mine.She seems shocked and takes a moment to reciprocate. Within our kiss Valla takes me down to the bed, getting on top of me she kisses me relentlessly making me squeak and moan with every second that passes. “Woahoho, where the hell did our sweet shy Valla go?” I try to laugh in between our make out session but instead I gasp when I feel Valla rubbing up my inner thigh. ‘Oh my god, am I really about to have sex with these three?!’ Valla finally pulls away from me to let me breathe, a string of glowing saliva connecting our lips. I’m beyond red faced at this point and my breathing is harder than the time I tried drowning myself. Laura and Grace both hop on the bed and corner me from both sides “Oh this is going to be fun~” I try to nod but can’t because of how out of breath I am.Laura pushes Valla’s head out of the way with one of her horns. She licks up my neck making me turn my head and moan very, very softly. “Ready to have kids with us (Y/N)?” I nod, ‘how exactly are they gonna get me pregnant? They're not males… right?’ I don’t get a chance to ask them, slowly Grace reaches a hand over my chest and behind my back, taking the zipper on the back of my dive suit, she zips it down. I gasp again when all three of the leviathans slip their hands inside my suit, one of them rubs my back the other my sides, and the longest of their hands grab my chest. Their hands are like a really soft rubber, warm as they glide and rub across my skin pleasurably. Quite honestly I wasn’t really expecting them to feel like this, but if this is how their hands feel I can only imagine how their actual bodies feel.I start to squirm from the first friendly and pleasurable touch I’ve felt in the last fifteen years. They all giggle, Laura, coming close to my face and smirking, “This is the only time I’ll ever admit it but you're so cute (Y/N).” my moaning becomes quieter, “T-thank you, Laura.” I start to strip the wetsuit off myself, becoming needy. Valla takes my wet suit’s hem and yanks it off my feet leaving me in my wet panties and bra.Valla comes back up to me and stares at my wet underwear, I look at all of the leviathans and notice they're all looking at me just the same. I move my hand to Valla’s beautiful blue transparent hair, “I-I… Valla I want you… inside me,” I look at all the leviathan girls, “I want all of you inside of me…” they all smirk at the same time.Valla nervously uses her sign language and asks Laura and Grace a question. Both leviathans look at each other then to me, “(Y/N), Valla wants to know if she can breed you first?” I blush. I… I really want Valla, she’s so nice, but I don’t just want her, I want all of them! I just nod, managing to wriggle my hands out, I wrap my arms around Valla’s neck and push her close to me kissing her. I slip my tongue in for a quick second before pulling back to speak, “Please, take me, I want all three of you to be the ones to give me the first pleasure I’ve ever felt!” they all nod, slowly going over to sit on the bed first, I look at them a little weirded out by why they’re doing this. Suddenly realizing why they’re doing this when they spread their legs suddenly, three huge cocks just appearing fully erect out from where their normal female genitals should be! My eyes widen as a huge scarlet blush comes across my face, fidgeting with my fingers a bit as I realize how fucked I am, ‘oh… shit.’I get nervous and search for the bed's frame, finding it, I hold it tightly, “Y-you… fuck… um… are y-you gonna be gentle..?” Valla nods, “(Y/N) the last thing we want is to be rough with you.” I nod. Grace gets on my belly while Valla spreads my legs and pushes against my cunt. Rubbing me with her cock’s tip while Laura walks past them and sits above my head. Towering over me, her dick flops down near my face. I look at Grace and gulp, starting to shake hard, “W-wait Grace why are you on my stomach and not trying to find a way to pleasure yourself too?”She smiles like a pervert and squishes my breasts together making me moan, my hot breath hitting Laura’s balls making her bite her lip, “I have a thing for small breasts (Y/N), and your breasts are the cutest breasts I’ve ever laid eyes on~” ‘well she just said breast three times in one sentence.’ I nod and hear Laura rubbing her erect fuck stick, starting to feel wet myself as Valla continues to tease me.“Valla says she can’t wait for you to have our children (Y/N)~” I blush hard and my breathing becomes abnormal, “W-well I can’t wait either Valla, h-hurry up and start already you three…” Laura leans down over me, still rubbing her fully erect member that’s dripping at the tip, “Don’t be too eager love, we don’t want to hurt you, Valla needs to get properly lubed so you won’t feel too much pain.”I nod and move my head so I’m looking upside down at Laura’s tailbone, ‘woah, I can see the cum she’s got stored, that’s weird… b-but kinda cool?’ Laura grabs me by the head gently, “Go on (Y/N), you know it’s too enticing to ignore~” Laura coos while wiggling her hips and taunting me with her member. I nod and quickly take her blue glowing transparent tip into my mouth, just as I do this I feel Grace grab both my breasts and push them together while her cock starts to rub in between them.Laura shudders out a breath, “Holy crap (Y/N)! I-I didn’t think this would feel… so go-good!” I slant my eyes as she starts to push further into me. Feeling her blocking my airways and making me gag, I constantly flinch as Laura starts to thrust into my mouth. I see her jizz already getting riled up as she continues to fuck my mouth softly. My chest starting to get wet from Grace’s precum, my nipples stand up, getting excited as Grace thrusts her member against my chest hard, already moaning and squealing in delight. I tap Laura’s thighs trying to get her to stop thrusting, she pulls out of my mouth as I breathe hard, out of breath, “Hey V-Valla, put it… hah… p-put it in me already, I don’t care if it hurts, I want you to feel good-ahh!!!”I feel Valla shove all the way inside of my pussy, I shriek in pain but at the same time pleasure. Through my screaming Laura shoves her dick back in, balls deep inside my mouth, before thrusting into me like a wild animal, which she kinda is. My moaning becomes louder and louder even though they're muffled, Valla not bothering to let me adjust and simply going straight into fucking my brains out.“V-Vahlla! F-fashter, harhder!” they seem to think I’m talking to all of them and speed up. Laura thrusting into my mouth so hard that her balls slap into my face. Even so, I can’t help but slurp on her member, her juices and precum gushing out and into my mouth. ‘I love this, it feels so good, I-I can’t believe I’m feeling pleasure like this!’ I jerk my hips when I feel Valla’s thumb push against my clit, her finger pushes and stretches my clit’s hole making my pussy burn and ache even worse as she pummels my womb in.The knot I’m holding in becoming impossibly tight before breaking suddenly, I scream louder than I’ve ever screamed from the tingly feeling but because Laura is still deep inside my throat it just comes out as a big moan. I-I came, I really came from being violated by Valla! I start to bounce up and down on Valla’s dick wanting more, suddenly Laura clutches my hair, “Oh god (Y/N) I’m cumming!” I see a white clear substance rising up Laura’s urethra, oh f-fuck, I can’t swallow all that at once! Before I can do anything I feel Laura’s jizz shoot into my mouth, instantly choking on the warm gooey spunk as she force feeds me it. ‘Th-there’s so much!’ I feel some of it coming up my throat, her cum trying to escape through my nose. As it starts to drip out, Laura fingers suddenly pinches my nose as she smirks at me. “Uh uh, (Y/N) you gotta be a good girl and swallow it all~” I close my eyes and Laura pushes deeper into my throat making me swallow every last drop of her jizz, the warmth of her balls laying against my eyes and forehead as she finishes… ‘I-it… t-that was so m-much, but it was… w-why does it taste so good?’ I slip Laura’s member out of my mouth, leaning up and kissing her cum dripping shaft before Valla pulls me down, pounding into me hard. Laura hums softly, hovering her dick over my mouth for me, I lick and kiss her tip more, my throat burning with pleasure.My breathing gets harder and harder until once more Laura shoves her dick back into my mouth though this time she trusts into me so hard that I can’t breathe at all, “Oh god (Y/N), you’re still making me cum!” not even a few thrusts in she cums in my mouth again! Once more pinching my nose making sure I swallow it all, I happily take it all in, wrapping my arms around her butt and gulping all of her delicious spunk down my throat.I cum again and shake while at the same time I hear Grace moan longingly before feeling her cum all over my chest. Laura pulling her dick out for good this time before flopping down on top of my cum covered chest, Grace following right after. ‘God, Valla is thrusting in me so hard, it feels so good!’ “V-Valla! Cum in me, please! I want your cum so bad-” just as I say this I feel Valla push all the way into my womb, piercing through it, her cock throbs before finally expelling all of her thick hot cum right into me!Once more I cum, this time on Valla’s stomach, I can feel every drop of Valla’s cum inside me as she spreads my womb's walls apart filling me... I breathe hard at the feeling, that’s… uncomfortable but at the same time… satisfying. My breath is white and visible and my body is completely red with sweat from the incredible sensation I had just felt from these three leviathans. I’m exhausted but shaking with complete and utter pleasure.I hug all the leviathans tightly, Laura’s sideways on my stomach while Grace is smiling happily with her face in between my breast. My waist and hips twitch as I feel some of Valla’s load pour out of me once Valla pulls out from me. Valla gets up from the bed and walks to my side, she lays down, her dick still erect, she cuddles up next to me and hugs me tight. I smile and try to hug her but can’t because Grace is hugging my arms against my body. “Y-you’re still hard sweetie…” she nods and speaks through her sign language, “YOU’VE HAD MORE THAN ENOUGH THANKS TO LAURA.” I giggle and bring my hand down to her dick, I rub her very sensitive tip with my thumb and hand, it’s still incredibly wet with her jizz and my cunt’s juices. Valla starts to breathe heavily, she puts her head into the side of my neck, her breath brushing over my neck. She suddenly yelps and grabs my other shoulder holding me tight, “Uh-a-ah! Ah!” it’s not much of a yelp, something very quiet, I look down and see her jizz going all over my hand, I smile.Her horns are yellow from what I can see of her face, her deep red eyes staring at me as I kiss her horn, feeling Valla put her arms around my neck and holding me tight. “Sorry Valla, I’d hold you too but uh,” I look down at Grace whose smiling toothily with her face still in my breasts, “I-I don’t think Grace is going to let me go for even a second to let me get my arms out.”Grace shakes her head and smiles wider, kissing the sides of my tits, “No, I’m never leaving your adorable breasts!” she says childishly making me and Valla both laugh. I close my eyes, “Base, lights off.” I command, slowly the lights dimming so the only thing that’s slightly illuminating the room are the three beautiful ghost leviathans sleeping with me, my new life only just beginning... Many years laterAfter the first night of my wives making love to me I never would have thought that in fourteen years would I have three wonderful children and three incredible mothers to those children. Currently, I’m at the fabricator, tossing some skyray eggs with flour and cocoa chips I had managed to grow outside. Basically, I’m making cookies using the materials from this planet.I give all the ingredients over and turn to my oldest son, he looks just like his mothers’ just without yellow eyes, and instead, he has my (E/C) eyes. Since he’s my oldest and was made with Valla’s sperm, he’s mute as well, signing to him and talking, “And that’s how I met your mothers and how you were made Vance.” he nods, smiling slightly after telling him how I and his mothers met, with the exception of the events of that night. He reaches over a bit, speaking through his hands, “Wow, that’s... incredible. I can’t believe how much you must have changed since then mother...” I nod and smile at him softly. Softly rubbing my pregnant stomach as I sign back, having fully mastered the art of sign language to where I can fully understand it now. Vance is a very loving and caring boy, and once he comes of age we’ll be leaving this planet together to go and find him a mate as well. While my wives hate this idea, I’m in fact rather excited to leave this planet for at least a little while. It’s been almost 20 years since I’ve left and while I’m very happy here, I can’t wait to show my family my old home planet. Anyways that’s not really important right now, I turn back to the cookies and put in another batch of ingredients, just as I do this I hear the hatch of our front door open.‘Oh wonderful, my lovely wives have returned from their teachings!’ I turn and see all three of my wives and my two youngest daughters, each of my daughters look just like the leviathan that had impregnated me so it’s easy to tell them apart. Valla looks over at Vance to see him smiling which is something he doesn’t always do.“VANCE, YOU’RE IN A GOOD MOOD.” he nods, “Mother was telling me of how you three met. It makes me happy to know what you three had done for someone as wonderful as her.” Valla nods, Vance quickly getting up, he comes over to me kissing my forehead before turning to my two daughters, Gilly and Lena. He smiles then asks, “Would you two like to go and play outside with me while mother finishes baking?” they look at each other excited astonished, “Really?! But you never wanna play with us!”He chuckles and nods, “Well today I’m in a good mood, now hurry up and get outside before I change my mind!” he says with his hands and a smug playful look on. Gilly and Lena both glance at each other before running outside, laughing and giggling while my mute son chases after them, I shout, “Play nice you three! And no going below the island, it’s too dangerous!” with Lena calling back, “Don’t worry mama we won’t!!” Me, Grace, Laura, and Valla all chuckle as our children exit the base. I turn back to the fabricator, once more holding my round plump stomach, once more being pregnant with Valla’s child. I smile and feel tears behind my eyes, unable to possibly be any happier with my life, Valla comes over to me while Laura and Grace sit at the table to talk. Valla hugging me from behind, sighing as she rests her lips on my neck, she holds my hands and pregnant stomach gently and protectively.I smile and nuzzle her back, rubbing into her head, looking down at her hands she shows the signs, “I LOVE YOU... I LOVE YOU (Y/N), AND I WILL ALWAYS PROTECT OUR FAMILY, I PROMISE YOU.” I smile and nod. Holding her ram like horns and kissing her cheek, “I’m sure you will Valla I have no doubt about it, and… I love you too, I love all of you so very much...” I turn my head sideways and kiss my oldest son's mother softly, closing my eyes while savoring the taste. The faint sounds of my three children playing outside and the feeling of my newest born kicking my stomach sending pure bliss through my body as I try to think of a way that could make my life even a little bit happier…
  