
    Chapter Text
    Did you know that coming back from the dead came with a lot of paperwork? Mostly because a lot of entities and people split your assets. Thanks to Virto’s accidental stunt, he had to reclaim a lot of connections and things he owned. Namely his house, who Lao’s brother still had the right’s to luckily. Next was his bank account, which had been split according to his will. Some tears were shed, some hugs were given, some slaps of frustration were swung. Think about it; it is hard to prove you did go through a portal after all, without providing proof that you needed to keep a secret to not only others but the government.As for Lao, he now lived a double life. During the week, he was just another guy who repaired cars and computers part-time, but on his off days, he was a sword-swinging, gun-slinging, bunyip-cuddling, coffee-drinking orderite. Eventually, the people from the other side got to visit Virto’s home, but that faltered a bit when Melisa destroyed the television, Di forgot she didn’t have her powers and created mustard gas without a way to keep it from getting into the vents, and the local children saw a large snake girl in the backyard. Nosy kids…As for Leana…
  The Story Begins!
“Uuuuuuhhhh,” she rolled around in her bed, holding an ice pack to her head. She wondered for the fifth time if it was heat or cold that was supposed to be used for headaches. She wanted to be sure since she wanted to take as few painkillers as she could for the rest of the weekend. After fainting, Lao offered to drive the unconscious woman to the hospital. She was taken into a room and hooked up to a monitor, her heart rate measured until she woke up on her own later that night. After a few more checkups, she was given a clean bill of health and left to leave the next morning. She took a ride back to Virto’s house, where she came just in time to see the TV get thrown out of the window, with a rapier buried in it to the hilt.Yep, it was time to go back to her college dorm. It was an hour’s drive from his house, but she always preferred to sleep anywhere else. Her dorm was a one-person bedroom and nothing else. She had a bit of natural lighting, but there wasn’t much space to add anything other than a minifridge and a dedicated corner to throw smelly clothing in when she was lazy. For now, though, it will do for merely laying in bed until class on Monday. She always wondered why she chose an 8 am class; all that does is just make her suffer early.Her phone rang while she was groaning and staring at the wall. She rolled over to it and picked it up, seeing that it was her class friend, Becky. Leana and Becky both agreed that she was the more stupid one, but she was doing fine enough to get by with low Bs and still have a life. She always envied how she spent her day, going shopping and talking to way too many boys before somehow escaping failing a test the next day. Neither of them knew how she did it, but Becky said her mom always thought she could do so much more if “she just stopped doing frivolous things.”Leana picked up the phone. “Oh my gosh! Leana I thought you were still in the hospital!” Becky yelled in Leana’s ear. “I heard everything! Are you alright?”“You’re too loud,” Leana whined. “Also I’m fine, just a headache, that’s all…”“Just a headache? After being knocked out for hours? Wow, that’s amazing. I thought you would have broken your temper bone after hitting the floor or something.”“Temporal,” Leana corrected. “Look, I’m not going to go out with you today, I’m not in the mood.”“.....what?” Becky said. “I was uhhh, never gonna force you to go outside where it’s sunny and happy and wonderful, and can be better if you were here…”“Nope, not happening.” Leana crawled over to the window behind her bed, pushing apart two blinds to peek outside. “And you liar, it’s cloudy out.”“Oh come on, clouds and sun is close enough. It’s the weekend, and you don’t even have any work to do. I know because you helped me with mine!” She looked around the restaurant she was in. “There is no one else here with me Leana, all the tables except mine have couples or friends at them!” She whispered. “Pleeeeeease!”“Well, I’ll think about it.”“Really?”“Nope.” Leana hung up and rolled on her back, staring at the high ceiling of her dorm. She absolutely just wanted to stay in this small room, where it was safe and no vampires were assassinating electronic appliances, or no clones being game-ended with Megaman’s mega buster. All she wanted right now, is to rest in the safety of her surroundings, with her purple bunny pajama pants and shirt, her brown, unbrushed frizzy hair, and tired blue eyes that looked at nothing but darkness. She just laid there, staring emptily while thoughts ran through her head. Eventually, she started second-guessing her answer as she got bored out of her mind. She checked her phone again; Only a few minutes had passed…She got out her phone and started texting.Leana: Hey, I changed my mind lol.She tapped her nails against her bed as she waited for a response, seeing a message pop into view.Becky: Great! I’ll text you the place ;o)“At least she’s not mad,” she said, getting out of bed. She tossed the ice pack into the fridge and went to her closet, opening the door to find something to wear. The closet took up a good chunk of the space in her room, making it ideal for her to put almost everything in there, including stuff like food and her textbooks. She walked into space and started looking around, taking clothes off the rack and inspecting them before putting them back. She stumbled across a weird-looking dress, bedazzled in green with red jewels. “Ugh, Becky’s gift,” she said, taking it out and looking at it. “2 years later and it still hasn’t grown on me. I can’t believe she thought red on green would be fashionable on silk. And the stupid tail gimmick,” she said with disdain, looking further down to see two tails seemingly attached to the thing; a shorter thin red one that came out the dress, and a purple one that was just as thin but longer that came outward from inside the dress. It had a spade at the end of it, that seemed to pulse very slowly. She could have sworn it was just one tail….“Whatever. one or two tails, these things are still ugly….” She said, putting the dress back and moving on. She got two paces away from it before she felt her arm get caught on something. Confused, she turned her head to see the longer purple tail from earlier, wrapped once around her elbow. “Weird,” she said, grabbing the tail to unwrap it off her arm. Instead, the spade wiggled around before the tail suddenly wrapped itself further onto her arm. She got more forceful with her pulls and tugs to get it off, but the thin appendage squirmed too much for her to catch and take off. “Fuck, off!” She yelled, jumping back and yanking her arm towards her to pull whatever was on that tail out. It went taut, but nothing caved after the tail. “For the first human woman I’ve seen, you are making quite the rude impression,” said her clothes.“What?” Leana gave another yank, but still, nothing came falling out from between the clothes. Instead, a pale head with lavender-purple, short hair, and eyes poked out from between the two clothing. He had small earrings in his ears, and two purple-red horns protruded from his head, curling up outward and back in. “I said, you are not like most females that come across a mamono. I’m glad I landed here instead of another place,” he repeated. “What’s your name, if you aren’t going to hit me?”Leana just stared at him, getting flashbacks of all the other strange things she had witnessed over the last few days. She started laughing nervously, causing the strange person she was talking to to make a funny face. “I asked a question….”“Aha, I get it now! I’m in a lucid dreeam!” She said. “It’s the coma obviously. You, are just a figment of my imagination,” she said assertively, poking his nose. “You, are not real.”“I am pretty sure that I very much exist,” he said back. “I have all the things you have, just a bit extra.”“Uhuh, that’s what my lucid dream person would say.” She started walking back out of the closet, the tail on her arm keeping him connected as he also got out of the clothes to follow. “Where are we going?”“We are going to wake up, duh.” She stopped at the door, turning back around at him. “Oh yeah, you don’t have a name, do you?”

“Of course I do-”

“I’ll call you Jeff, great!” She stepped outside the door, holding a hand out to stop him from coming out. “Oh, I cannot stay in here. We are connected, don’t you notice?”

“Oh I notice. I also notice which part of this connection I will feel Jeff,” she said smugly, before slamming the door in his face. His tail rapidly started retreating off her arm, but the door was faster to close. It slammed right into the part of his tail before the spade, slipping in so that the door could be fully shut and locked. She pressed her weight against the door, listening to him scream and shuffle around inside. “That should keep em busy…” she said to herself as she raced towards her phone. She took it off the charger and came back to block the door, scrolling through her contacts for….
“Come on, just three more pitches!” One guy said to another. They were on a baseball field, practicing with each other. Both were wearing shorts and short-sleeve tees; perfect for the cloudy day they were in. “We have been out here for hours dude, why don’t we just go to gym like everyone else did?”“I have a game tomorrow, and you’re the only one who was free to help me.” He said, picking another baseball from his bag. “Please dude, come on.”“But I’m not even good at it!” the batter retorted back.“You played last year, and that’s good enough for me. Now come on, we’re doing my grounder next….” The batter shrugged and stepped up to the plate before his phone rang in his pocket. “Hold up Kaiden!” he said, taking the phone out and answering. “Hello? Leana?”“Brad, come here. Dorm, now,” she said, still leaning against the door. “Bring your bat too.”“Oh, finally getting into the game?” He asked, idly swinging his bat while talking. “I can bring the plastic one. I have it right now.”“No! Go home and get the aluminum one!” She said, feeling polite knocking on her closet door now.“Wow, jumping right to the big leagues already?” Brad asked.“Sure, whatever gets you here faster.” She hung up and wait, sliding down to sit in front of the door. “Who is Brad?” the lavender-haired boy asked from inside the closet.“None of your business!” She yelled back, tapping her fingers anxiously. Thankfully, Brad was only a short drive and a few flights of stairs away from her dorm. “Yo, Leana!” he said at her front door. “I brought the bat!”“Perfect.” She let him inside and pulled him towards the closest door, putting a finger over her mouth. “When I opened it,” she started while whispering, “swing as hard as you can.”“Why can’t you swing?” he whispered back.“You auditioned for triple A, you swing,” she said, pushing the bat into his chest and motioning him over to the non-hinge side of the door. “Why must everyone always use that against me….what if I kill him?”“I’ll owe you one if it really bugs you, but this needs to end.” She put her hand on the door, then put her other on the lock to be ready to turn. “On three….you can come out now! I’m opening the door!” The knocking stopped, but the mysterious newcomer didn’t seem to move from in front of the door. “Alright, I’m opening the door on 1, 2, 3!” At the same time she unlocked and yanked the door open, Brad swung will all the fibers in his triceps. His home-run worthy drive connected with only air, whiffing hard as the end of the bat clattered away into the closet. “What?”“Impossible! I heard no footsteps!” Leana panicked as she ran into the room, looking behind clothes and draws to check where he was hiding. “But how!”“Maybe he was just a figment of your imagination...” Brad started. As he explained his guess on what happened, Leana kept looking around, eventually looking up to see a red glimmer in the darkness of the tall ceiling. “Are you kidding me....”“And when you hit your head, you got one of those woozy lucid dreams. I’ve had my own a few times. They are wild, am I right Leana?” He saw her staring at the ceiling. “Earth to Leana?”“Come look at this crap,” she said. Brad shrugged and walked in, also looking up towards the sky. “Wow, you’re right! This dorm has ventilation?”“I just noticed too. The height of these dorms are so pointless right? But no, over in that corner, he’s right there get him!” Brad quickly turned to the left ceiling corner she was talking about, but he didn’t see anything. “There is nothing there Leana…”“He’s i-in-invisible! Poke it!” Brad picked up the bat and stretched the tip of the bat towards the ceiling, tapping it as high as he could go. “It’s not much, but I’m pretty sure he can’t go higher than that.” Unbeknownst to him, he was tucked further into the corner, staring down while one of his feet hovered over the trim of the door. He silently chuckled watching her get frustrated as Brad blindly assumed she was hallucinating. “But, But…he’s there!”“Leana,” he said, putting his hands on his shoulders. “I know why you called me here. It is because you have feelings for me, right?” The smile from the boy’s face faded a bit as he listened.“What?” Leana said confused.“I...I have feelings for you too! This is a weird time to say this, but every day, seeing you study with your glasses on, you just looked so adorable and….I wanna be there for you always.”“Oh, wow I….I don’t know what to say…but I’m not into you the way you’re, into me.”“Oh, oh! I, uhh….”“Not really looking for anyone right now, and I thought you were into Becky so….”“Becky? Whaaat, I thought she was into Kaiden!”“Huh, weird.”“Yeah….” he rubbed the back of his neck, sort of blushing at this point. “Well…this is fucking awkward.”“Yeah….”“Good luck with the...hallucination…” he nodded and took him and his bat to the door. “We’re still friends right?”“Of course! Why wouldn’t we be?”“Great!” At that moment, Brad’s phone vibrated in his pocket. He took it out and checked to see who was texting him. “Huh. Leana, Becky asked if you were coming.”“Oh, for god’s sake. Fine, I'll go to the, ugh, restaurant.” Brad nodded and closed the door behind him. Leana groaned and went back into the closet, pulling a random dress out of her closet. “Alright, come out you stupid thing. I know you’re behind me.”“Actually, I’m outside the closest on your bed.” Leana froze up, looking up at the ceiling. His body was still clearly there, smiling down on him now that he had removed his invisibility. She took the hanger the dress was on and carried it outside her room, where he saw the same person sitting cross-legged on the bed. In natural sunlight, she could make more details on his body, such as how shorter he really was. She had around half a foot on him easily. His torso and jawline shouted boy, but his attire screamed even louder.Besides his skin, everything on him was some form of purple, from the dark purple of his upper thigh-high boots and elbow-length sleeves to the more saturated fuchsia on the inside of his hooded cape. His skirt and breast shirt were a more normal purple, outlined with sparse yellow lines. However, the most noticeable part of him was the small wings on his back, and the tail from earlier that slid around the fabric of her bedsheets. At the center of his chest was that red glow from earlier, most likely a jewel. Even more important though…“Hold up, are you wearing mascara?” she asked, pointing out the red lines under his eyes. He arched an eyebrow at the trivial question. “I don’t believe so, but why is that the most outlandish thing to you?” He says, flapping his wings for emphasis. “The markings under my eyes can’t be that significant, can it?”“You’re right, you do have wings and a tail I guess,” she says.“Will you ask a more obvious question now?”“Yeah, get out of my room Jeff!” His eye made a subtle twitch when she called him Jeff again. “My name is not Jeff, although I haven’t formally introduced myself have I?” He hops off the bed and gives Leana a bow, pulling his cape with his hand for show. “My name is Mortoii, and I am a monster boy. What you saw in the closet was nothing but an illusion.” Leana heard a poof sound from the closet, seeing smoke simmer down onto the ground. “Impressed?”“Not at all,” She denied quickly. “Why are you in my room?”“That is a funny tale actually. I saw something amazing a few months ago. An explosion of purple, as if a shooting star had disintegrated violently. It was beautiful, but it was also really unnatural for a meteorite. I spent ages or so finding the source of its cause, and managed to create a crude teleport.” He explained, looking around Leana’s small dorm room.  “I should have prepared for any possible location in hindsight…”“Well, then go back!”

“It isn’t that simple. Your closet is simply too risky to attempt to return right now. In time, I will. But for now, I get to enjoy time with you!” the Imp said with a smile on his face.“You know what, I think I might just go out after all,” Leana said, taking the dress she was clowning on earlier. She still hated it, but it was the first thing her hands landed on. It helped that it's weirdness made it easy to focus on. “By the way, that red jewel on your chest reminds me of this dress, so I hate it,” she told him as she head to the bathroom. He instinctively clutched the red gem embedded within his top as she closed the door behind him.“I would say my gem works well,” he said defensively, deciding to poke around her bed while she changed. No secrets came from unmaking and remaking her bed. Her minifridge was pretty stunning, being able to cool down food with a plug of a cord. His exploration led him to her phone, still connected to a charger as it laid on the floor of her bed. Despite being in a so-far magicless word, he had seen nothing like the small flat prism in front of him. Picking it up in his hand automatically turned on an array of colors. Over the backdrop was a small digital clock for him to read, followed by the date under. Its only buttons, he discovered, were one circle at the bottom, one long and a thin one on the side, and a less lengthy but also thin one at its other side. With as much time as it took Leana to make herself look nice, he had learned more about the capabilities of the phone. The code that appeared when pressing the round button made it tricky to learn, but he was at least able to find the camera. He had just learned how to snap a photo when she came out, the red on her dress making her glow in the light. “Leana was it?” He said, pressing the screen to snap a photo. “You minifridge is pretty nice, but this changing screen is magnificent!”“That’s my phone. Wait, you didn’t use your magic on it, didn’t you? I don’t want it to become sentient or something.”“I had a feeling that wouldn’t work on your ‘phone’ lock,” He responded, showing Leana his photo. “Oh god, I look terrible with flash on…” she said, staying quiet about how it was slightly out of focus. She took the phone out of his hands and scrolled through the other pictures he had taken. “I think you looked beautiful in the photo. There were so many options of cinematographical features available at my fingertips, how did you humans make it?” He said, getting starry-eyed about what else was hiding behind her password.“I don’t know myself, look it up online or something,” she said nonchalantly. It was cute in a weird way how he took so many photos and videos, scrolling through all the time-lapses and shots of her bed. “I don’t know what online is…”“Oh, right. Say, why did you take a picture of your eye?” She asked.“It was like using a microscope. How could one not try it?”“Right…” she dug her purse out from under the bed and slipped her phone in, then put the strap around her shoulder. The pictures she saw were kind of cute, in the way she would watch her grandma learn how to send photos, but he was still an alien to her. “Where are you leaving to?” Mortoii asked as she opened the door.“Somewhere where you aren’t. Just stay here until I get back. Or leave, either way I don’t care.”“Can I come with?” He asked. “By the looks of your dress, it is obviously somewhere nice~”“No.” She closed the door before he could ask another question. Mortoii waited a moment then went to the door, unlocking it and opening it the same way she did. He poked his head into the hallway, looking in time to see Leana open the door to the stairwell. A small smirk formed on his face as he covered himself with his cloak and followed after her.
After getting out of the building he kept to the rooftops, following Leana as she got on a bus. It stopped and started back up again several times until she finally came out, heading into a nice-looking shop. He made himself invisible once more, flying down to walk right behind her as she pushed open the door. She stopped in front of the store, scanning the space for where Becky was sitting. She found her, holding a hand up to block her face while zeroed in on her phone. Leana slid herself into the seat across from her, sending a quick message for her to look up.“Huh, oh, you’re here!” Becky said. “Did you know how embarrassing I looked alone?”“Yeah, I’m sure that you were striking up a real storm being by yourself,” Leana said sarcastically.“Laugh all you want, but this is a couple’s table. I should have sat somewhere against the wall, but they were all taken! I look like my date stood me up!”“Why should you care? You look beautiful.”“That makes it worse! The only one who would stand up a pretty girl would be someone more handsome!” She placed her head on the table groaning. The waiter came by as she moped, turning to Leana after seeing her. “Is the party ready to order?”“Yes, um…” Leana picked up her menu, opening it to see a tiny version of Mortoii sitting on top of the list of the drinks. “Imp-roooovissation.” Leana shut her menu, looking back up at the waiter.“Rrright...do you want me to list the specials?” The waiter asked.“Yes.” The waiter nodded back, Leana pretending to open the menu again to follow along. She opened her purse in her lap and pointed down into it, the imp giving her a satisfied smile before letting himself fall into the contents of her purse. She resumed reading the menu, catching the last two items the waiter said. “I’ll take the uhh, lobster cake with garlic bread,” she said, the waiter nodding before turning to Becky. “And I’m assuming another small steak with potato slices?” Becky sat up and nodded, taking a pocket mirror out to check if her makeup was messed up.“Another?” Leana asked after the waiter left. “I panic ordered,” Becky admitted while taking out lipstick from her own purse. “I didn’t know what to do...at least you wore my gift, it looks so good on you…”“I still don’t see the appeal of red on green,” Leana said. “I feel like a Christmas ornament.”“It just needs to grow on you, I swear. One day, you are gonna look at this dress and think, ‘Man, Becky was so ahead of the fashion curve.’”“The day that happens is the day I finally have sex,” Leana said as their food arrived.“Don’t be so hard on yourself, I’m sure someone sees the beauty in you,” Becky said, immediately starting to cut her stake.“Please, all people see when we are together is you and some friend.”“Brad doesn’t see that.”“Brad knows me already,” she said, reminded of their conversation from earlier. “He doesn’t count.”“Hey, he hangs out with you a lot more than me, doesn’t he?” She says with her mouth full. “You’re nice and honest, you’re pretty, you’re way smarter than me...you’re the whole package! Well, except being able to cook.” Leana shrugged and also divvied up her lobster. “You’re way more of a package though, with all your makeup and all…”“Yeah, I know I’m beautiful. But who’s the person that got me through bio?”“I am….”“Yep! Now hurry up so we can go shopping,” she said, wiping her mouth while getting up from her chairs. “I’m such a fatty, eating two steaks at the same time…” Leana watched her walk outside, hurrying up to finish her own food. Her purse ruffled as Mortoii peered out, pushing the zipper aside so he could get out easier. “She was right you know~”“Why are you outside my dorm?” Leana whispered, trying not to attract attention. “Isn’t it obvious? Why wait in a small room when I have my escort right here?” He started hopping towards the table but she grabbed him and stuffed him back into the bag. “Are you nuts!? You could get seen!” An unintelligible answer came from the purse. Mortoii came back up, sitting on top of the purse zipper once she lessened her grip. “Oh right. Then, can you swipe the potato slices for me?”“Anything to shut you up…” A pocketbook was set in front of her before she could take the slices. “That would be $47.56,” said the waiter. Leana, realizing that her friend had left, looked towards the outside window. Sure enough, Becky was there, giving two thumbs up with a bright smile. “Oh you bitch…”“Excuse me?” The waiter asked, offended.“Oh not you, can you make change with a fifty? Also can I get the rest of this food put in a container?”
After getting her food, Leana convinces Becky to take a side trip back to Brad’s townhouse before she is dragged to another store. She hurried up to the front door and felt around one of the columns, pulling a cracked piece out to reveal the house key. Once she got inside she ran up to where she slept, tossing her purse onto the bed she slept on. “Agh!” the imp went, pulling himself out of the bag as he grew back to normal size in a puff of smoke. “I get the feeling you’re upset…”“Oh really?” Leana said, shoving a bowl of food into his arms. “Now, can you just stay here this time?”“First you ask me to go back home, and now you ask of me to keep myself inside?” He goads on. “What am I supposed to do in the meantime?” Leana points to the television. “Figure it out yourself!” She demanded, leaving him to go on and continue her day.
  
    Chapter Text
    “Thanks for paying for dinner again!” Becky said, hugging Brad up in the driver's seat. Brad turned it off, stretching to himself in his seat while Leana got out of the car. “No problem, just please stop flaking out on me,” Leana answered, taking her groceries with her out of the car.“I promise. Besides I always pay you back!” Becky said. “Come on Brad, the quad isn’t too far away! I can even sneak you in, play spin the bottle...” Brad turned around from the driver’s seat with a confused look. “Don’t you have class tomorrow?”“Pffft, like I really need to show up on time.” “Well yeeeeah, it’s a required course.”“So was history, and I never showed up for that,” Becky said. Brad gave Leana her house keys and farewell saluted. “I’ll see you at midnight I guess, unless you’re actually staying up tonight.”“Not really, I just wanna sleep after going out to eat.” She waved and turned around to go into the house, listening to Brad’s car pull away while sifting through her friend’s house keys. After finding the right key she started inserting, only for the door to swing open away from her. Mortoii appeared to be the one opening the door, completely naked and holding a spoon covered in tomato sauce. “Hi!”“Oh god why...” Leana said, rushing inside to push the door closed. As soon as she shut the door, she felt the temperature increase in the house, making her sweat under her jacket. “Also who turned up the thermostat?”“That is actually why I wanted to talk to you about it. You see, since I was now supposed to stay in this location, I am looking at what else your lifestyle holds.” He pointed to the thermostat on the wall of the living room, set in the high 80s. “That was the first thing that caught my eye. However, by the time I was playing with it, I couldn’t turn it back down…”“Did you press the button with the triangle that was pointing up?”“Yes, and I know what you are about to ask.” He jumped and glided over to the thermostat, pressing the down button to lower the temperature. For some reason though, a beep sounded whenever he tried to put back to temperature to where it was. “The underside said there was a ‘manual’ somewhere to 'unlock it', but you never said where that nor the lock was!”“It’s pointless, it’s probably shredded or something…” Leana said, moving her hand to block her vision of the imp’s crotch. “But why are you cooking?”“Your friend said you didn’t know how to cook, so….” Imp took her into the kitchen, showcasing all the activity going on. He had almost every appliance running, from the stove to the oven under, to the microwave in the corner of the countertop. Despite the busy area, the entire place was clean, save for condensation and a few small spots. “...I decided to show you how!” He says excitedly, his junk flopping around with every movement he made.“That’s cool but isn’t there a custom in your world to wear clothing inside the house?”“No, why? Is it illegal here? Or, is it turning you on?~”“Illegal. Definitely illegal in the state of New Jersey," she said, turning around completely. Mortoii nodded and placed his spoon down, leaving and coming back with the laptop from her room. “This has a similar screen. It must be able to provide proof of this law.”“Only if you put on your clothes first.” He shook his head. “Why don’t take yours off? You look miserable in this heat Leana.”“Because it’s illegal…” she started walking away, taking off her jacket while going to the bedroom. “And I’m not miserable, it’s just cooler in the night.” Once she had come back in a random t-shirt and panties, she saw that Mortoii had put on his underwear, but his clothes were still off and tucked away somewhere. At least his junk is gone now, she thought. She leaned against the wall, watching him move around. Even though he had an hour to find everything, he still ended up pleasantly surprised when he found a new ingredient hiding behind a bunch of stuff in a drawer. Leana started wondering if he was adding in whatever his hands could grab...“Come on, I can’t teach you’re watching my tail the entire time,” he said while making his lithe tail wag around. “While that would be fun, I’ll watch it tomorrow.”“Already? But the moon isn’t at its highest!” He exclaimed. “You nor the Brad fellow even go to bed at this time.”“That was when I could afford to wake up late. Now, I can’t.” She turned around, her progress to bed halted by him. His hand slid down her arm, settling on holding on to her wrist. “And why would a fine specimen like you need rest for?” He asked out of curiosity. “Are you planning to surprise me, maybe?~”“No, but thanks for the idea,” she responded sarcastically, patting his head and s away triding, but he held on. “Come on! I must know. You wouldn’t want Brad to see me here, would you?”“Nope, because then I would have to explain to him why my long-lost cousin....burnt down his entire supply of kale, why do I smell kale burning Mortoii?” Mortoii took two sniffs and quickly let go to check on the stove. She ran in the opposite direction, using her headstart to escape up to her room. She heard him land in front of the door as soon as she slammed it close, immediately starting to pick the bedroom lock. “Just because I need to multitask does not mean I will not find out how to open this!” He cried. She chuckled and blocked the door with a basket, backing away to see if it worked. He had the lock undone, but the rim of the basket seemed to block him from turning the door. “Drat!”“Ha, enjoy cooking by yourself,” she called out, turning off the light now that she was confident he wasn’t getting in. She fell fast asleep after the knob jiggling stopped. Her dreams passed without issue, seemingly defying the laws of time to once again teleport her into a warm morning. She woke up before the alarm, waiting in the early light for it to go off. She rolled out of bed, sensing a distinct lack of Imp as her eyes found the light switch.“Oh right,” she said, noticing the basket she shoved in front of the door last night. She opened the door expecting him to have rested in front of the door, but she instead found a plate of breakfast fixed up for her. The edges of the plate were decorated in hearts drawn with purple jam. She peeked in the doors nearby to check if he was hiding away until she came out. She narrowed her eyes, scanning the halls as she picked up the food to take back into the room. She was just as on alert when she emerged in her undergarments and a towel, only breaking eyesight when she could slam the door behind her.More food appeared on her bed when she came out of the shower. It was impossible not to notice, the way that the second plate steamed up and the way the orange juice subtly glowed in the dim sunrise light coming through the window. She tightened up her towel and looked around her room, shining a flashlight in the deep recesses of under her bed and the closet. Anywhere else was physically impossible for him to hide behind, she thought. He was small, but he couldn’t fit behind the two inches between the tv stand and wall, nor tuck himself into a ceiling corner out of reach with the lower height. She ran a broom rapidly in each corner but didn’t connect with any tails or smooth skin. Drat.A car horn honked outside. She peeked outside of the second-story townhome, seeing Brad looking out. He had planted himself on the hood of his car, eating almost nearly the same thing. "Hurry up!" he said to her, the words muffled as he scooped another forkful of bacon up into his mouth. “What the…” she muttered as she unlatched the lock on the window, raising it up open. “Where did you get that?” she called back down.“From the kitchen. This is some good stuff Leana. I never knew you could cook!” he said.“I never cooked that though,” she said, readjusting her towel again. “You know I’m trash at food.”“Hey, don’t be so modest. We all can be masters with a Youtube tutorial or two. Also, it’s 8:30, we got class soon.” She closed the door and thought to herself. There is no genuine way that Brad thinks she randomly turned into Gordon Ramsey. It does make the most sense, as he didn’t know of the 'cousin' that had been inside the house that day.“Speak of a literal devil where is that brat,” Leana asked herself as she put the finishing touches in her hair, brushing all the stray strands straight (and somewhat out onto the brush). It would put her mind at ease to check some more places, but it was getting late enough to push the problem for later. She ate her food and hopped in Brad's car. “Finally, she shows herself,” Brad said as she jogged down the steps. “Becky is gonna throw a fit if we’re late.”“It’s not my fault she didn’t get the textbook,” she remarked. “Can’t she borrow Kaiden’s?”“You know she doesn’t follow him around,” Brad responded, shiting the car into drive. “You’re like, her main way to mooch.”“Just like I mooch off your house?”“Haha. Besides, you buy all the food so it’s cheaper for you to live here. Why do you even still have that dorm anyway?” He asked while the car stopped at an intersection. Everything was still slightly foggy from the morning dew. “You know I’m stuck with that dorm until my junior year.”“Glad I opted out in the beginning then. You know, because those dorms are small as fuuuck.”“All about ‘encouraging you to have the ‘full Jersey nightlife’, because I’m just begging to go to frat parties every weekend.” She went on her phone, stumbling on a wallpaper of Mortoii posing inside her dorm closet. “The guy finally got my password down, huh….”“What?” Brad said, looking in the rear mirror.“Oh, nothing. Are we almost there?” she asked while peaking out of the window. He made the last turn into the campus, stopping in front of the first and oldest building there. It had the creative architecture of a literal block. Its style was red bricks on top of slightly faded red bricks. Windows to look at the outside were far and few between. They both seemed to internally revolt at it, and today was no different as he parked in front of the building. “Why does ‘this’ have to be the parking lot that you got on your id?” Leana questioned as she closed the door, taking her backpack and purse. Brad shrugged and got his things as well, entering onto the inside.The inside wasn’t much better. From the moment they walked in, they saw rows and rows of bookshelves. One section was history, one section had math books, one section had who the fuck cared? It was all on top of boring carpeting with a color pallet that amounted to slightly more interesting brown. It was all under fluorescent lightbulbs that had the sense to, at least, not be 80s yellow. Instead, the throwback gods blessed the occupants of the library with...wait for it….2000s white.There were few breaks from the monotony. The first was the front of the library. There was a space with a circular desk and nothing else. Brad and Leana both checked and moved on, passing the next break on the way. A statue, dedicated to the founder of the college. There were rumors that the entire foundation was built around this statue, and seeing how the only things that had to happen to the library were paint jobs and cleanings, then didn’t doubt it. There was one place that was great for not making people regurgitate their soul, however.They came out of the shaky elevator rather fast, as if it was hanging on a string about to fall back down. They saw Becky and Kaiden already there, Becky frustratedly trying to teach Kaiden while not understanding herself. Around their room were doesn’t of sketches on the wall, all done in perishable marker. It was what made this study room unique; the building staff never seemed to erase their doodles. The crew of grade mates established the room as their own, as the culture went. It brought a smile to see their spot shining like a beacon in an ocean of repetitiveness, but Becky wasn’t as pleased. “Leana can you fix this bitch!?” She said, immediately yelling at Leana. “He’s not getting it!”“Ouch,” Kaiden went. "Guess I'm a hopeless case aren't I?"“Do you get it?” She said, taken aback initially.“Of course not! We have a test today don’t we? Don’t tell me we have a test today?”“We don’t have a test today,” Leana said. Becky took a deep breath and sank into a chair, the creak of the padding seeming to relax her. “Thank god…hey, did Brad get a cat?” The four of them looked towards where Becky was looking, seeing a purple-colored cat lick himself. Leana immediately narrowed her eyes, pushing Brad in and closing the door. “Probably some other weirdo on his floor,” she said.“What nerd would come up here? Not even the smart people use this building to study,” Kaiden piped up. “Also, that cat is clawing at the window now.” They looked again, seeing the cat perch itself on the thin space jutting out before the large glass window. It looked to each one, meowing at Leana last.“Awwww, it wants you!” Becky said. “Lets adopt it.”“Yeah right. I’m not taking that thing inside my dorm,” Leana said, taking out her notebook. “Besides, we don’t know if the cat is neutered.” As if it could understand it. The cat meowed and hopped down, tapping it’s claw at the door.“My dad always said to check for balls to see if the cat had been to the vet,” Kaiden advised. “Just gotta grab it without letting it bite you.”“That makes no sense,” Leana responded.“Well you’re learning about plants. Not like you are the premier expert on cat balls or anything.”“Kaiden’s just the best at animals isn’t he?” Becky said, hugging his arm. “Can you get the cat?”“Wait what? No, I can’t touch that thing, it might not be neutered!” Leana smirked, going up to the door to tap it back. “It’s waiting for you, Jane Goodall.”“You can’t be serious, I’m not staring at purple cat balls.” The three of them made chicken noises at him, not stopping until he begrudgingly got up. “Fine then! Get ready to see some real good shit.”“You want me to toss your baseball glove?” Brad asked. Kaiden nodded and caught the backpack tossed to him. He took his glove out and put the backpack over his chest, getting into a squat as he turned the doorknob. The cat pushed the door back tried squeezing by him, but the animal expert dove for it, trapping it under his glove and grabbing it into his arm. The other three cheered him on as he wrestled the cat, taking off his glove to put it in a waist hold under his armpit. “Come on! Don’t wanna hurt but you seem to wanna hurt me!”The cat all of a sudden stopped, either by choice or because it was out of breath. Kaiden held it under his arm a bit longer, then changed to a cradle to quickly glimpse at the cat. “Uhhh…..unneutered.”“Are you sure?”“Feel free to look at his balls if you want.” Kaiden put the cat back down, quickly rubbing the fur that rubbed off on him. “Fuck any of you if you took a video.”“I was too busy laughing for that,” Brad said, still chuckling as he checked the time. “Oh wow, we need to go to class.” The four quickly filed out, but not the cat hopping onto the table to keep Leana from picking up her purse. “Meow!”“Kaiden can you wrestle him again?”“No uh! I’m not showing up to practice with the coach asking why I smell like a cat.” He obviously declined, but the asking was enough to get the cat to step off. She picked up her purse and followed out, making sure to lock the cat behind in the backroom.The general mood of the campus was a lot better than the library. Every other part had been renovated or was, at the very least, under 7 years old. They made their way along the same path, until eventually splitting off to their own locations. Becky locked arms with Leana, skipping with her all the way to their morning class. “Come on Leana, we’re going to be late if we don’t skip!”“We’re going to be late even if we run. Watching a baseball player wrestle a cat was worth it though.”“You totally got a picture?”“No, I’m not that evil.”“Aww, I thought we could hide pictures from him together.” Becky pulled out her phone, unlocking it and showing the cat pawing for his eye mid-swing. “Beck…”“Pleeeease? If you tell him I will literally hate you forever.” Becky made a pout face, Leana staring back blankly. “Oh fine! I just won’t show anyone but him.”“Whatever.” They entered through the revolving door, making a beeline for the classroom. “Oh crap, he’s standing outside today,” Becky said, moving behind Leana. She had spotted the professor, all dressed in a grey suit and bowtie staring at each and every person that passed by. “Well well well, I see my favorite person has arrived. Along with her watan friend,” he said. “Why are you 3 minutes late?”“Shit,” Becky whispered in panic. “We had to save a cat from um…”“Animal Abuse? A running car? Your excuses tend to be as dire.”“Rain,” she eeked out. The professor sighed and waved them through. “Becky if you tried as hard at anything like you do on tests, you wouldn’t even need to come up with an excuse. Leana however, this is rare. Did you get dragged behind by something?” Leana shrugged, hearing a cat meow from inside her back. The professor’s eyes widened. “Wait, you two really did have a run-in with the…”“I swear, I wasn’t going to take him inside!” Leana opened the bag. The purple cat clambered out, pushing a textbook out to her and meowing again.“Well, it seems Becky did try with the excuse this time,” the Professor said flatly. “I swear, I didn’t even know how he got inside my bookbag!” Leana said.“Even still, better it happened here rather than inside. Now detach that thing from your leg before I have to make a formal action.”Leana had ran outside, going deep enough into the forest before dropping the cat from her hands. “Mortoii stop following me around!” she told the cat, watching it just lick his paws. “And change back! We are alone, you can spare to at least not make me break my neck looking down at you.” Nothing changed, except for the cat hopping onto Leana’s shoulder.“Alone! A L O N E. You can change. This is so…weird ugh!” She double-checked if anyone had her head, sighing in her head when she saw anyone. “Alright, since you want to play this game, I guess I’ll have to ditch you.” She got up, circling around the purple cat. “Cats aren’t too fast probably, with their tiny limbs and small body. I could probably outpace you back to the building. Doesn’t that scare you?” She faked like she was about to run, the cat staying still. “Aha! I saw that eye twitch. I can run, and I can close the door behind me. By the time classes end, you will be lost Motoii. Stuck among people filling the pathways and losing me completely. It must be freaking you out huh? Huh?!”“Meow.” went the cat.“Alright, that’s it. How about I tell everyone about your existence. If you do not change back, I will tell...uhhh...Becky, I’ll tell Brad, I’ll tell everyone.”“Meow.”“Of course I’ll do it! Don’t think I won’t.” She stood straight up, asserting herself over the cat imp. “I’ll count to ten Motoii. I’ll really do it!”“Meow”“One!.....Two!......Three!....” she watched for a change, but the cat just smugly stared. “Fourfivesixseveneightnine!” She suddenly sped up, raising a finger rapidly at the cat.“....meow.”“Nine and a half I fucking swear to Jesus.”“...................”“...................”“Meeeeoww.” That seemed to set her off. She yanked up the cat, clutching her tightly. “F-fine then! Stay like this. You still can’t come with me in class, so you are gonna wait like a good little kitty in a bush or something.” She ran around the building, finding a nice obscure bundle of bushes to hide the rebellious thing. “Enjoy the next three hours, because it’s gonna be the last time you will ever see me again!”Leana had an itch keeping her mouth shut. She checked the time frequently throughout the day, almost jumping out of her seat with each time the hour passed. She was ready to expose him once and for all. His antics had finally forced her hand, and that hand was gonna come down on him like a- “Leana!” Becky yelled in her ear. “Huh?”“Earth to Leana. You were staring at your table for the last five minutes.” Becky waved to the lab they were in. Everyone had filed out by now, except for the professor doing paperwork. “Class is over….”“Doi. Sometimes I wonder if I’m the smart one. Thank god I’m not, we would have failed.”“Becky….get the boys together," Leana said suddenly. Her friend looked at Leana, a smile forming from glee as she began to bounce beside her. Leana’s eyes drew momentarily to her shaking chest before looking away in self-awareness. “You’re finally going to go to a party!?”“What? No, just call Brad and Kaiden.”“Wow.” Disappointed, Becky gathered her things up and pulled out her phone. “What a buzzkill. I guess we could do that surgery game again….”Brad later heard knocks at the door to his house. “Oh, pleasant seeing...you two here.”“I heard we playin’ operation man!” Kaiden said. “Brought Damien over so we can blaze, yall, up!”“You know that’s cheating dude.”“What y’all call cheating, I call finding an opportunity.” He whistled back to the car. A smaller, endomorphic kid stepped out of the car. “Look up bro, you’re glued to that PSP!”“You know, dad would never let me play this much at home,” Damien said. Despite not even looking where he was going. He perfectly went up the stairs without hitting anything. All while continuing his game. “Whatever, I only brought you so we can kill these guys at Pictionarrrryyyyy!”“Hey Dame,” Becky said, coming holding her hands out at the front door. Damien stepped back when she went for a hug, going down a step then back up around her. “Not a chance.”“Yeah….” Kaiden turned back to Brad. “We should probably go in before he trips on somethin' and I get in trouble.”“I get that.” Brad stepped aside as the three all came in. Damien immediately went upstairs, pulling a few cords and a charger out of his pocket. “I know Brad or the other chick has a tv...” He checked Leana’s room first, finding an imp fellow that had gotten there before him, his eyes glued to a cooking channel. He was furiously scribbling things down a notepad as well. “Sup.”“Hi fellow,” Mortoii said without blinking.“Can I uh, use this?” Damien said, holding up his handheld game. Mortoii darted an eye, his pencil stopping along the paper. “What is that?”“Switch.”“Switch? Those things look more like boxes than a switch.” Damien looked where he was pointing and held up the cords. “Gonna connect these to the tv and the wifi.”“Interesting. Aren’t you’re curious at all about my appearance?” He shook his head, not having a care in the world. “Can I connect this now? I’m hopping on a game with my friends.” Damien sounded hasty, tapping his shoulder. Mortoii nodded. “You must let me watch boy.”“Fine.” In 30 seconds the cooking channel was off, and Damien had the screen showing his game in glorious 36-inch 720p HD Resolution. Mortoii retreated onto the bed, laying on his front as he watched waves of blue shift along the screen. If the weirdly shaped screen had his attention, the 5-note tune and calming colors had him glued like a moth.Meanwhile downstairs…“I’m telling you, this cat, is an imp!” Leana said, holding up the purple cat like a carnival prize. “Are you sure you can’t adopt the cat Brad? I am pretty sure she wants it to,” Becky asked.“No I don’t!”“Adopt, not adopt, I thought we were playing games man,” Kaiden said disappointedly.“In a moment, but please you guys just listen? I know I’m right. Brad, you know how I said it wasn’t me that cooked all that food? It was him! He even followed me when I went out to eat with you. Kaiden nothing really happened around you.”“Fair,” he said nodding.“My point is, he’s been living with us, and I know where he is. He is right here, as the embodiment of a cat! Come out Motoii!”“Woah woah woah,” Brad said, taking cat imp from Leana before she gripped any hard in bewilderment. “This is….are you sure you’re not on medication?” At that moment, Mortoii came down the steps, with Damien following behind him. “Leana! You called.”“What.” Her look darted between him and the cat, the cat meowing as if it was done with all the crazy assumptions.“Wait, so that guy's an alien? Or the cat?” Kaiden asked, just as if not more confused than Leana.“I think the boy beside your brother,” Becky said. “Even still, he looks like he’s playing dress-up. Doesn’t your brother watch anime?”“My friends say anime is gay,” Damien suddenly said, turning to Motoii. “You said you were making magic pasta? Ma never makes pasta at home.”“Your mother sounds strict,” Mortoii responded, still looking at Leana. For once he wasn’t clearly smiling, more so offended. “You seem agitated, Leana.”“Like hell I am! You sent a cat after me!”“Of course I didn’t. Where I would get the time to find a purple cat? In addition, you had awoken for something this morning. If I wanted to bother you, I wouldn’t do it now.” The cat hopped out of Brad’s arms, going back into Leana’s lap. “It’s adorable though. It seems like I am exposed now, so Brad may I stay?” Mortoii asked. The owner of the house shrugged. “Sure.”“I have to be dreaming. You’re letting him stay?” Leana said. “You’re not even panicking. He just appears out of nowhere and-”“Hey, I don’t feel poisoned from breakfast. Why not let him?”“That is another thing. I had wished to soften the blow with flowers but…” Mortoii flew into the kitchen, coming back with a bundle of translucent blue grapes. “I wanted to know if the drained grapes would work well over blue fire. It went swimmingly, but it took a ‘thing’ happening for a while before I had remembered that-”“You jacked off in the guest bathroom and their food had something that made you horny,” Kaiden finished.“How did you figure that out exactly?”“Doesn't everyone rubs their jew out after a good meal?” He said, as if it was universal. He got weird glances from his friends, staring back confused. “What, isn't, isn’t that a thing?”“Anyways,” Brad looked at his arms and body, not feeling much lust. “Weird, I don’t feel anything. Are you pulling our leg?”“Not at all. Again, I apologize.” Mortoii said while bowing. “I understand if this hurts my ability to stay here.”“I say it would. Becky, can you back me up on this?” Leana said.“Actually, this is great!” Everyone in the room collectively made a silent ‘what?’ at Becky as she started to get up and pace around. Even Damien, even though he had helped himself to the pasta regardless. “Think about it. We eat the non-drained berries, we get all hot and sexy, put on some perfume, which can get us so much sex at Britinay’s party at the quad tonight!” Becky’s voice crescendoed the further along her idea went. “Because who wouldn’t like the guy that had a foursome last night?” Becky motioned to Brad. “Or the girl who had sex with the star quarterback. Leana, thinking about you girlfriend.” Leana rolled her eyes.“And just like that, I’m in. Although,” Kaiden said, getting up to close the space between him and the Imp. “If you so much as look at Dame weird, you’re dead meat.”“Message received,” Mortoii said, chuckling. “I guess I’ll go upstairs now-”“Nope. Now that we know you exist, me and Damien are gonna smoke you in Operation now!” Kaiden lifted him up and sat the imp right next to himself, Damien joining once he had his bowl of pasta ready.A stove worth of food and 3 bottles of wine later, everyone had been stuffed. Damien, having been underaged, had been barricaded in Brad’s room the moment anything alcoholic came out. They all started to fill out for the night bash. Mortoii started walking out as well, before noticing that Leana had disappeared as well.“Mort, come on we’re waiting on an uber down here,” Becky called, giggling as she hopped on Kaiden.“I will join in a moment. Or not. If I don’t, you three go on without me,” he said.“Whatever! 5 or 3, we are still gonna party!” Mortoii closed the door, going to the one place she would be. The door was wide open when he got there, but the window for conversation looked shut and locked.“So….the Imp makes an appearance,” Leana said, taking another swig from her water bottle. Her cheeks were slightly flushed, a half-empty bottle laying on the pillow behind her. “Pictionary ran long.”“Just like you played the long game? Hmm? You made everyone seem like, I’m crazy for not like someone randomly, come into my house or something.”“I kept myself hidden until you revealed my existence, did I not?” Leana stared at him as if he had proposed the earth was flat, then went under her bedsheets to sulk. “Ughhh, I have a headache.....”“Then I’ll bring more water,” Mortoii responded, going to the side of the bed to stand.“My stomach hurts.”“My father always had a remedy for that.”“I want to die.”“....do you mind coming to my world? I might know of a mental wellness organization that can help you experience tha-”“What do you want from me?” She ripped her blanket off, sitting up in frustration with her eyes staring holes into him. “Y-you’re this magical being that can, turn invisible and, make clones of yourself. Everyone you’ve seen besides me likes you. You have literally no reason to still be here. I mean I treat you like…” she choked up on her words before she could finish, staring down at her lap with disappointing eyes.“Like what?” he quietly asked, fidgeting with his tail.“....like garbage. I treat you like garbage.” She went back to hiding herself from the conversation under the blanket. “Just make like a tree and....I don't know, fuck off I guess...”Mortoii tried keeping the conversation going, but from that point on she didn’t respond or groaned under the blanket. He sighed and sat on the bed, thinking of something to open her up but backing off each time a thought would cross in his head. “Leana, are you still awake?” he asked. He was given the same silence and occasional loud sound effect from a different room as his answer. “Fair enough. Since you are asleep, then I assume I can open myself to you.”“I know I seem like a confident curious fellow in a short package, but if I must be honest...I miss home. The only places I have truly gone were all the locations you were also at. Your closet, the house of Brad, the neat-looking store where you brought me the food leftover. I don’t think I have ever tried lobster meat until meeting you. I never would have either, if you were not there.” He spied her shuffle under the corner of his eye, but the blanket still didn’t lift off.“I know what you might think. Why not go to the comforts of my own reality, where I am among my own? I obviously have the means; how else could have I gotten the berries? Well, it is a silly answer, but I still have questions I want answered....or, I want to answer them with you at my side. You could prospect that, just maybe, I am looking past it all, and saying that you are the reason I’m still here?”The blanket was slowly moved down, just enough for two teary-eyed eyes to glare at him. “You were crying?” As soon as he had pointed it out, Leana had begun to retreat the blanket back over her head. “Wait,” the imp said, placing his hand in front of the blanket’s path. “I didn’t mean it in a negative way. It just affirmed that you do care in the end~”“....you aren’t going to that party?”“Not without you of course.”Leana looked away for the moment before getting up, pulling something out of her closet to wear. Mortoii watched, excited and intrigued. “Does this mean we are going out?”“Yeah, but take something from the closet to cover up. Actually no need. All the parties Becky goes to have too much alcohol to matter.”
  
    Chapter Text
    The sun rose slowly over the line of townhouses. Normally, humanity would be up and about around now, with the tune of cars in the far distance faintly seeping through the walls. Leana laid sprawled out along the bed, folders and paper being pressed under which limb would shift in her sleep. A flush came from the bathroom beyond the hall, with Mortoii shuffling out. He loosely pulled up his skirt and hopped into the bed, sliding his body against Leana’s back. “Pssssst,” he said. “Leana…..”When she didn’t wake up, he began nibbling on her neck. Her eyelids pressed closer shut, her hands waving around trying to push away whatever was biting into her loose skin. “Leana…” he said again through his mouth hold. “Whaaat?” she whined, trying to turn around to his voice.“.....your washroom is wet.”“The sun isn’t even up…” she grumbled. He let go to let her check the bathroom, watching the light go on through squinting eyes. She came back instantly, getting back into bed and slipping the blanket over her. “Is the washroom dry now?” he asked.“It's sink water, it can dry there till morning,” she whispered back.“But you leave early, and the sun is almost up. You wouldn’t be here by the time it is clean.”“Not today, today is Friday….”. He was skeptical at her response but slid under the blanket with her. Sure enough, when he woke up, she was still sleeping peacefully next to him. He gave her a quick kiss being hopping out of bed to go do his own routine.He slid down the steps of the staircase, finding his way through the darkness of the first floor to the light switch. Both he and the light came on with a flicker. Blinds were pulled apart to let the edge of the sunshine into the room. He dug in the cabinet for a teapot, filling it with water and setting it down over a stove flame. He went to the sofa and laid down, spying the cat sleeping by the door. He still didn’t know why it was purple but was nice to be with another oddity. He stretched himself out on the sofa, keeping an ear towards the kitchen to listen for the pot.“Hello there,” he said softly. The cat opened his eyes and stood up, hopping onto the sofa with him. It scoped out a place to get on top of the imp, settling for his back where it could paw at his spade. The feeling of its fur and purring kept him from dozing off too much to forget the teapot. He watched the sunlight slowly reach into more of the living room, watching a few rays bounce off the teapot. Eventually, its whistle grew to fill the entire room with noise. Mortoii got up and pulled the cat onto his head, wearing it between his horns like a hat while making his blend.He was just about done adding the finishing touches when Brad came downstairs, rubbing his eyes and his disheveled hair. “Morning,” he said, stretching while his eyes adjusted to the light.“You also are not attending anything?” Mortoii said while picking up his cup.“No, it is Friday. Maybe I’ll go hang with Kaiden...” Brad shrugged and opened the refrigerator. The cat walked up behind him and tapped his foot, pointing to his maw once it had his attention. “Oh yeah. We need to get cat food…”“Why not just go catch a fish?” Mortoii asked. “It shouldn’t be too hard for someone of your stature…”“Or I could go buy one at a store,” Brad said, taking out an apple. “Do cats eat apples?”“Is the nearest body of water that far?”“No, but the nearest store doesn’t need a car. Leana can take you to a lake if you wish.” The cat meowed in agreement, stepping in front of the way of the fridge door before it can be closed. “Really? Alright, we can look for something…”“So we are going where?” Leana said, slipping on the first shirt that her hands could reach.“The store cutie! We’re going to get cat food, so I assume we are trading for game someone else caught.” Mortoii paced around while she changed, slipping glimpses of her supple skin each time he turned around to go a different direction. “Are we finally taking the car?”“What do you mean by finally, you have only been here for one week,” she said. She opened her closet a bit wider, finding slippers she could put on. “Actually, while we’re out, we can get you something to wear.”“What? But your clothing fitted just fine when we went out last time!”“Uh-huh, and now I can’t get the smell out of the clothing.”“That is the mana permeating into the fabric. Doesn’t it give it a nice touch?” he suggested with a grin.“Whatever mana is, I can’t get it out with Tide. New clothing it is.” She tucked her phone into her pants and started on her way out of the house. She got to the middle of the steps before stopping, feeling a small body step into her by accident. “Oh yeah, and remember to put on your cloak.”Leana and her invisible passenger went down the street to a nearby mall. Mortoii, putting his trust and person in the hands of her, followed her around until they entered the mall. Seeing the population get denser, he wrapped his tail around his leg. Leana stopped and turned around violently, having forgotten that he was with her. “Should I reappear?” the invisible asked to her.“Oh! Oh god….” her heart rate went back down as soon as she recognized the voice. “What are you doing!? I thought you were going to rob me or something…”“Holding on to your body,” Mortoii said, looking through the windows of the entrance into the store. “It looks too active to not be on the safe side.” Leana waited until the tail had finished winding up her leg, tapping her leg impatiently while glancing at the people passing by. “How long does it take to wrap a tail around a leg?” she asked quietly. She pinched her skin each time his spade made her thigh tickle. As long as she didn’t make a show, nothing would be noticed. Eventually, his tail end flicked across her panties, before settling against the very top of her leg. “What the~”“Done!” He said innocently. She swore if she could see his face, it would be him hiding a devious grin behind his hands. For now, he was as secure to her as a mattress tied down to the roof of a car. They went through the automatic doors and past vents that blew cool air across their face, until walking into the main lobby of the mall. For Mortoii, it was an entirely new environment to explore, but for Leana, it was just another Friday she couldn’t sleep away. With the imp still choosing invisibility, they walked through the large halls to one of the many stores the lined both sides. It wasn’t hard to find a store that had clothes, but the first one they found only sold mainly sports apparel. Leana tried to pass it off on him, but he shook his head to the jerseys and t-shirts there.They had better luck with the second and third store, but it wasn’t until they went to a fourth that Mortoii had found a match. The place sold a nice blend of everything, including hats and jackets to cover up his extra bits. Mortoii motioned for them to go into the back, pulling Leana into the fitting rooms before becoming visible once again. “I think we found the store,” he said, peeking out from behind the fitting room entryway. The store clerk there was deep into a magazine, and his ears were occupied by the song that blared out of the speakers. “Wait; if you were scared of being seen, I could have just picked clothes for you,” Leana said.“No, I really did mean I didn’t like the clothing! The choices just felt so limited. But here, it is like everything is crammed into a space small enough to fit a tavern.”“Ugh, whatever.” Leana looked around in the fitting room, sitting in the first seat she could find in a booth. The tail slide as she left his side, like a hose being unwinded in the reverse direction. “Don’t you want to find a new shirt along with me?” Mortoii question, seeing Leana get comfortable on the wooden bench. “I’m too tired from walking, just show me when you’re done.” Mortoii nodded and left her inside the changing booth. Leana’s eyes drifted close while she slept, but she could never truly fall asleep with the music playing in the background. She heard Mortoii come in and out on occasion, but he never bugged her more than the prod to check her level of consciousness.“Fuck…” she groaned as she opened her eyes. The dim light of the booth hurt her eyes more than normal. I guess I can find something as well, she said. To her side, she saw a pile of shirts, leggings, pants, and dresses that the imp had collected. She looked out of the fitting room, seeing a pair of horns just barely come above the line of clothes. Assured he was fine, she went browsing on her own. As she was just killing time, nothing particularly appealed to her. She found herself just walking around, browsing her phone. In one eye, a line of underwear sat arranged out. One glance was all it took to find a pair of pink lingerie, along with a matching bra.“I guess mama did need some new underwear,” Leana said, swiping the pair to try on. She shoved it down her shirt so the imp didn’t notice anything out of the ordinary and walked back to the fitting room. The booth she had left was closed, and some of the clothes he had chosen were strung on the top of the door. She went quiet and slipped into the next booth over, closing the door behind her and setting the bra and panties down to change.Her shorts and t-shirt dropped down to the ground, followed by her panties. She spied a wet spot on them, silently cursing and blaming the imps tail for the bit of arousal before tossing them aside as well. “Now then, time to put these on.” First were the panties, which slide along her skin like water, and hugged her waist tight. I didn’t know this would be small, she thought, wiggling around while she pulled the panties up the last bit up her waist. Next was the bra, which was just two cups connected by a thin silicon band. She pressed her side against the wall so she could get the strap far enough, a low hum in her voice rising until she heard something clasp together on her back. “Got it.”Confident that she had done something stupid, she picked up her phone to see herself. She felt surprised when she didn’t look out of place with the undergarments on, slowly angling the phone down so she could get a swooping view of her entire body. “Were my breasts always this big?” she asked herself, giving herself a little grope where the bra was to test it. She felt that something had changed, but wasn’t sure what….she couldn’t have been this beautiful before right?“Hehe….haha!” she broke out into laughter, giggling to herself inside the both. “Like I could look as good as Becky. At least it’s nice…” she decided to go out to check the price but had forgotten to change back to her casual wear. She ended up running into Mortoii coming into the changing room before she had realized that she was still in the undergarments. Mortoii froze mid-step, watching Leana’s face turn a shade of pink.“....what? Never seen a girl put on lingerie before?” She accused.“I have….but no one as beautiful as you~”Leana had expected something similar as a response, and yet she had no answer. Her feelings had frozen her lips shut, and her mind turned into a broken record while it repeated that line over and over. Mortoii set down his clothes and came over to Leana, tracing the pattern on the bra with his eyes. “May I touch them?”“What?”“Touch your breasts, to see how it feels with the bra on,” he clarified, as if it made it even less of a horny question. Leana shrugged and let the indulge himself, feeling his perfect little hands fondle and slide against the fabric. Leana shuffled herself closer to the door while he went on, spying to see if anyone was in the store. “Afraid that we’ll get caught?” he asked.“Again, illegal to be naked...also it’s still only the clerk- ah!~” he had found her nipples through the bra and started pinching the erect nubs. “Mortoii!”“Ssssh, you said the clerk was here~” he winked as if he had shared a secret with her, then pulled her into the safety of the booth. A shudder went through her body as he calmly shut the door behind him. “Strange, did someone masturbate in here?” he said, sniffing the air around them. He followed the smell down to the ground, where Leana’s clothes laid.“No. No, no noo no no….” Leana snatched up the clothing, shoving them in a different corner. “It was your stupid tail’s fault for going so high up my thigh.”“That would mean that I turn you on then right?” he asked, getting a sultry look in his eyes. “I’m honored to have soaked such a beautiful girl’s pants~”“It’s a small spot. Anyone can do that.” She turned her head away to deny him the satisfaction. However, it wasn’t her expression he was seeking out. He grabbed her arm and pulled her onto the bench, dropping himself right onto her bare thighs. His legs wrapped around her waist and his face dropped between the small valley on her chest.“Bare with me~,” he said while his eyes stared up at her past her chest. “I’ll have to ask for your whole body now~”“Mortoii, what are you going on about?” Leana asked. His body answered as he felt a moist length graze her belly. The more her smell filled his nostrils, the harder his cock got until the tip was smudged against her front. It was then the gravity of the situation had hit her. “Waaaait-”She pried the both of them off of each other, sending Mortoii away to land on the floor while she slid back into the wall. Sure enough, his member had tented through his underwear and skirt. A wet dot had formed where pre had begun to seep out, and the entire thing bobbled outwards toward her. Its rigidness and hardness looked hard enough to destroy anything it slid through...or into. “Too soon?” he asked, his blush just starting to establish itself on his face.“T-too soon,” she replied. “It caught me off guard...I thought you were going to-”“I would never! Unless you want me to treat you roughly. We can ease into it instead, instead of going from the get-go!”“Or, not do anything with my vagina at all.” He nodded in agreement. His tail uncurled and tightened rapidly with lewd intention, but for now, his lust was halted. Leana took another moment before opening herself again, placing her arms back to let him climb back on. He had gone back to nestling himself within her chest, albeit at a slower pace than before. She stared up at the ceiling while he had his fill, content to not do anything. His tail pulling her hand grabbed her attention. She looked back down and watched her hand get slowly taken from its place on the bench, to a certain rod bobbing at her waist. Her fingers closed around his tip and began jerking him off, guided to a slow pace by his tail before it relinquished and went back to its usual activities.Soon she could hear a shlick each time she went down. Mortoii pulled down her bra around this point, licking the underside of her boob. She gasped, feeling his tongue leave behind a tingly sensation on her skin. More licks followed as he explored the perky orb, getting a faster handjob in return. She started turning her head back and forth to his ministrations, just as he had begun to thrust up into her hand. Pre was dripping out every moment, being spread about by her fingers tapping his shaft like a violin. His full mouth landed on her nipple the moment the orgasm began; it slowly welled up in his body, sucking the non-existent milk out from her areola. Her mouth was stuffed with his succu-tail before she had a chance to moan, as either to not draw attention or to feel her mouth around his end.She didn’t know which one it was. She couldn’t with the constant stimulation from the boob play. She masturbated him as fast as she could, with the pre leaving her unrestricted in her speed. He only somehow increased the suction, forcing her to focus on the end of the tail in her mouth before she attracted the clerk.A hot and wet feeling hit her waist. Mortoii was moaning into her breast, hugging her body while his cum defiled her midsection. In an effort to give her the same height, his tail jumped out of her mouth and across her panties, which were already laden with pussy juice. It didn’t take much before she came as well, clutching the bunch as her pussy convulsed behind the lingering. Finally, the imp stopped frotting after a while, pulling away from her body to sit beside her. Her belly was completely smeared in virile sperm, and she could have sworn there was a bite mark on her right tit….“How was that?~” He said while his cock receded back to its flaccid form. “You tasted so good~”She stared outward, soaking in the orgasm she just had. She knew people could cum from their breasts, but she never knew she could…” She cupped her breasts with her clean hand, seeing a few tiny tendrils of saliva keep her hand and breast covered. Compared to her other hand, which had been drenched in monster boy spunk, this one is still technically clean. She was tempted to taste both but decided to wipe them away on her own panties. At the very least, no one would see the saliva and cum staining her crotch if her shorts are in the way.“Aww, and here I was waiting for you to taste it,” Mortoii teased while she cleaned off everywhere else and his cock and tail with the now-cumrag. It gave one last bob before completely retreating down. “I guess seeing you wear that would be a nice alternative.”“I should have thought this through more,” she said while putting back her own panties. She slid the lingerie off and slid her’s into place, being visibly off-put by the sensation now that she wasn’t horny anymore. “By the way,” Mortoii said. “I never asked. Where did you get such nice clothing? It was like touching heaven, but now with a bra.”“Oh, I…..oh shit.”“What? Did you not pay for it?” He guessed, his smile fading when he saw her stare morbidly at the soaked and smelly lingerie. “Oh. Well, at least now, we have to keep it.”“I really hope this isn’t expensive…”“Brad, we’re back,” Leana said as she and Mortoii walked into the house with several different bags. He didn’t answer, but the purple cat came trotting up to them. “At least he doesn’t have to see me walk weird.”“I thought it was nice. Who knows? Maybe the walk helped get the cum inside.” They both chuckled, Leana more nervous than Mortoii. “I will go put these away now, and feed the cat.” Leana nodded and left him with the bags of clothing and groceries. “Right, deeper inside…” she said while going upstairs. She went into the bathroom and pulled down her shorts, checking if her pussy looked as weird as it felt. She saw a mess of cum and other juices down there, making a moist mess of pussy and vulva. “Right….”
  
    Chapter Text
    “So that imp huh?” Kadien started, popping open a can of beer. He had taken Brad out to chill at the baseball park. It was a public space on the weekends and while everyone else took to the diamond to mess around, he and Brad always sat up in the bleachers, under the overhang, and hidden away from the sun. Besides them was Kadien’s cooler, filled with an assortment of drinks he had taken from the vending machine and home, along with enough ice to last the whole day.Kadien took a sip of his can while waiting for an answer, but Brad just stewed outward towards the field. “Dude?” Brad jerked his head towards his friend as if he had been distracted by something else. “Yeah yeah, monsters and stuff.”“Tell me about it! Told pop about it and he said in a real grunty voice ‘that’s the devil’s tongue boy, focus on baseball!’” Kadien added his finger over his nose to simulate the stash. “Hur hur hur, what am I gonna tell Martha now?”“How is your mom anyway?” Brad asked. Kaiden shrugged and took another sip of his beer. “You know, they’re better…..”“Cool...”“But yeah, about this imp. Best thing to happen this fall I tell you. First, we get this, purple storm or Arora Borealis or something, then the fricken CIA comes over, then this? Man his food is good!” Kadien said ecstatically. “Only thing that could make this better is if I start throwing heaters!”“I wouldn’t say the best thing to happen…” Kaiden shot Brad a weary look after he had uttered those words. “What?”“I just saying, Leana was right about him coming out of nowhere, and now all of a sudden they are just buddy buddy with each other?” Brad drew invisible lines as he talked as if he was connecting the dots on a conspiracy. “It’s not right.”“Oh, so it’s this type of conversation….”“What do you mean by that?” Brad asked, getting annoyed out of the blue.“You’re jealous of him aren’t you?”“No, why would I be jealous of him? I’m not even into Leana like that anymore,” he said.“If you say so bro.” Kaiden picked up another beer from the case and handed it to Brad. “You think he can make homemade coca-cola?”“He’s not some sort of culinary genius alright?!” Brad suddenly yelled. “Heck, if all I did was watch cooking shows all day I could make something good.”“So that’s a no on the question then….” Kaiden put down the beer and continued drinking his own in silence. It was obvious Brad had beef, which he could care less about. But now it was cutting into their sacred bro time in the rafters. Guess it’s time to herd a bull, he thought. His brain kicked into overtime to figure out what could bring Brad and Mortoii within each other’s good graces before he lost the good food he had been eating all week, and his baseball buddy. Think Kade, what would dad do… His mind drifted back to whenever he and Damien had an argument. Pops would always make them go camping until they made up, or at least played along to be back before dinner…“Camping….Camping. Brad, I’m feeling a nice hike into the woods with the gang.”“Oh, the two of us?”“No no no you know, me, you, that hottie Becky, Leana…”“Sounds good,” Brad answerd, nodding approvingly.“...and Mortoii.” Brad’s head stopped moving as the name came through Kaiden’s mouth. “The five of us, and a night under the stars. What do you say?”“Well…” Brad tapped his knee, unsure of how to turn Kaiden down. “It’s just...someone has to watch the cat.”“That’s what little bros are for. I’ll just call Dame.”“Right, glad he happens to be free,” Brad said through gritted teeth. Kaiden could feel the resentment ooze out of his voice, but if he was going to pull this off, he needed the both of them in a situation they couldn’t avoid each other in. Come on Pops, don’t fail me now, he thought.The news had traveled quickly, and to Kaiden’s luck (and Brad’s resentment) everyone was available for a nice road trip. He drove up to the house with Damien, seeing Becky and Leana already carrying camping supplies out. “This is going to be great! Just me and Kaiden, out under the moon. It’s so romantic Leana, I can just feel it now!”“What if there are clouds?” Leana said, dropping the basket of food down out of the front door. “Then cozying up by a campfire would be a nice second. Seriously, you’re so negative sometimes….”“Oh? And what if it rains?”“Sex in the tent,” Becky replied in a monotone voice, staring coldly into Leana’s eyes. “Is that what you wanted to hear?”“The wind!”“Then the sex will get kinky. I’m not letting your negative nancy-ess ruin this for me!” Becky whined. Kaiden honked his car horn to get Becky’s attention, waving from the inside of the car. “Speaking of which…” Becky started. “I have a romantic outing to begin. Hi Kaiden!”“Sup!” Kaiden turned back to his brother, who was scrolling on his phone. “You know how to take care of a cat right?”“Feed it cat food and don’t let it outside,” Damien said, barely listening. “Good enough,” Kaiden said, parking the car to the side and getting out with his brother. While pushing Damien into the house, he passed Brad, looking over a map on his phone. “Got somewhere good in mind?” Damien asked, Brad shrugging. “I’m thinkin the place near my house. It’s a good hour drive on the interstate, but I promise, it will be worth it.”“Isn’t that all the way down in Pennsylvania?” Brad asked.“Trust me, once we hit the interstate it is a straight shot. Now then, we’re missing a fifth…” Kadien looked around for Mortoii, spotting him coming down the stairs with a cat in hand. His hooded jacket hid away his horns, and his wings and tail looked tucked under his clothing. He still wore his skirt, but now, black pantyhoses covered his skin. “Mortoii!”“Leana said I had to ‘dress for the occasion’. On a positive note, I can at least take my things with me.” He patted the satchel at his side. “Are all the other things already done?”“Depends on who has the tent,” Kaiden asked back, seeing the catwalk up to him. “Oh, he there Lil fella.” The cat hissed and went to Damien instead, hopping on the couch beside him while he played away on his phone. “Fine, be that way.”“You did wrestle it to the ground to see its balls…” Brad murmured.“I heard that! And it was peer pressure’s fault. The cat just has to get over it, that’s all.” Mortoii chuckled at Kaiden, coming down the rest of the stairs. “So, we are taking two cars this time? Who is in which?”“Well, I was thinking that me and Leana and ride in mine, while Brad takes Becky and you,” Kaiden suggested. Mortoii looked at Brad, who was pulling the phone over his face. “How does that sound?” Kaiden asked.“Why don’t you and Becky travel together? It seems better for couples to stick together no?” Mortoii advised. Brad put down his phone, standing up with the best poker face he could manage. “No, I think this way works fine. Come on imp,” Brad said, marching out of the door then slamming the car door behind him. Mortoii scratched his head at the sudden movement, looking up at Kaiden. “He knows I can’t follow effectively if the door is shut-”“I think he knows,” Kaiden said, opening the door for Mortoii to come through. “Damien, we going.” He shrugged and kept using his phone, the cat yawning while moving onto his lap. “Jesus, if you’re going to use that all day at least have your charger ready. You know moms hates it when your phone has no battery.”The two cars flew down the highway, steadily making their way to Kaiden’s old neighborhood. Kaiden’s car was mostly silent as Leana had fallen asleep. Brad, with Becky on board, had less luck.“So that’s how I found not two, but like, five parties in one night,” Becky said, finishing up one of her stories. “My party-dar was just on a roll that night!”“If you weren’t a lady getting an education, I would have thought you were the reincarnation of Dionysus when I met you,” Mortoii commented, looking at all the cars that passed them to the left.“Is that a compliment?” Becky asked, turning around from the front passenger seat. Mortoii smiled and nodded. “Aye! Did you hear that Brad, Mortoii thinks I’m a party god.”“Well...I think she’s a party goddess,” Brad said, seeing Kaiden changing lanes and following suit. There was an awkward silence after he said that, Becky giving a small chuckle after a while. “Well, I guess that’s more accurate.”“Y-yeah…” Brad trailed off. His grip tightened on the steering wheel. “So Mortoii, how about Leana huh?”“Oh, she is just beautiful. Don’t get me wrong Becky, but there is just something about her imperfections that just make my heart flutter.”“Non-taken. Leana always told me I had a perfect body,” Becky said, poking her breasts.“You would have been highly sought after back in my world, by men or women alike.”“You think so?” Becky said smugly. “I have a bit of smartness too.”“Of course!”“Aww, Brad he said I was cute. Brad?” Becky looked at him, hunched over and gripping the steering wheel even more. “I know I don’t drive Braden, but you seem really stressed out about this.”“Oh, really?” Brad said. “I guess...something here kind of sets me off.” His eyes momentarily shifted towards the backset, where Mortoii stared forward with a concerned face. “I need to relax though…”“Maybe it is the air blowing in,” Mortoii suggested. He moved his finger towards the panel on the back of the central glovebox, but he got confused by the dials and buttons. “It is this right?” Mortoii said, turning the dial from the red side to blue. Instantly, more air started blowing in, hitting all three of them by surprise.“Ahhh!”“That just turned up the flow!”“I thought it was the temperature!” Brad hurried and turned off the A/C completely, breathing a sigh of relief once he could put both hands back on the steering wheel. “If it was a temperature gauge, how would have that helped?”“It could have work like the thermostat at home,” Mortoii replied. “If you double touched a button, it will change the flow instead of changing the degrees.”“You know wha-” Brad squeezed the bridge of his nose, catching himself before he said anything offensive. “Just, don’t touch anything before we crash. Becky, can you do this instead?” Becky nodded and turned the A/C back on, this time lowering it from the front dash. “Thank you Beck. I should have just asked you in the first place. Since you know, you’ve lived in this world and all.”“I am sensing quite the undertones. Do you have an issue with me?” Mortoii asked with a glare.“Not at all. I just made the mistake of thinking you knew how to work a car. It won’t happen again,” Brad said, opening his window to let the air make noise before Mortoii could respond.The trip got short once they were done traveling down the interstate, as Kaiden took them down a road before coming to a turn down an unpaved path. “We are leaving civilization,” Mortoii said as he watched the road disappear behind him. “That’s what I said when Kaiden first brought me here too!” Becky said.“What, do they not have forests where you are from?” Brad asked sarcastically.“Of course, I was just surprised that we had to travel an hour before seeing nature.”“Aha, Brad got burned.” Becky lol’ed in her seat, causing Brad to scowl in silence. Not much longer, they arrived at a parking circle, surrounding a fountain made out of cobblestone. Off to the right was wheat as far as the eye I can see, and to the left was shrubbery as far as the eye can see. Becky immediately went over to Kaiden as soon as the car stopped, nearly picking him up in an attempt to embrace him. “I should have known we would come to your daddy’s house the moment we left!”“I wouldn’t keep such a good place to ourselves would I? Besides…” he waited till Leana was out of earshot to tell her. “...this is more important than raiding my pops' corn stash.”“Oh? Oh I mean….oh?” she lowered her volume to a whisper. “Are we...doing a surprise?”“No hot stuff. It’s...it’s Brad. He’s been feeling off all day.”“Tell me about it. I think Mortoii and Brad have-”“Beef?”“As juicy as teriyaki.” They both slyly peaked out of their hug, watching Leana and Mortoii chat with each other. Sitting on the hood of his car was Brad, awkwardly rubbing his shoulder while looking anywhere but them. “Oooo, is this one of those times like when your dad kicked you out for using the crop duster?”“That was an honest mistake.”“I still can’t believe you thought your dad was gonna let you fly a plane...” Kaiden’s head twitched away before refocusing himself. “Hey, we are on business. Look, you take Leana and do whatever girls do. I’ll pull Mortoii and Brad away to go cave huntin.”“Deal!” With a plan in mind, Becky and Kaiden went ahead. “Leeaaaana!” she said, hopping in front of her and grabbing her shoulders. “Kade said to go find firewood.”“Oh, well, I was going to show the imp around the farm.”“I am definitely sure he has agriculture in his world.”“But-”“Nottakingnoforananswerwewillbebackbynight!” She forcefully pulled Leana with her, disappearing into the forestry.“Well well well then, looks like it’s just us boys,” Kaiden said, walking up to Mortoii and Brad. “Hey Brad, ever throw a baseball at a stalagmite?”“No, why?”“Because that is exactly what we are gonna do.”“We’re going to play around in a cave?” Mortoii asked.“Exactly.”While Leana was off doing who knows what, Kaiden led the two on a trek through the forest. “You ever just take it all in?” he has them as he made another scratch on a tree. “Feel all the breezes and the leaves?”“I actually live in a place that has this ambiance,” Mortoii said, flying up to sit on a tree branch. “There are a lot more mamono though.”“It’s peaceful ain’t it? Blame my pops and moms for me likin the farm.” Brad only nodded without any remarks and hopped up onto a branch, pulling himself up the tree to relax as well.“That was pretty nice,” Mortoii said, looking at Brad from an above tree. Brad smirked, running his hand through his hair. “Whateves, I just, pfft, do this all the time.”“Yeah, I’ve never seen someone so muscular yet so limber. Well, aside from those fueled with mana.”“You’ve never seen Shaq?”“From another world...remember?” Mortoii reminded.“Oh yeah….oh.” Brad looked away, remembering the thing he did before. Mortoii's smile left, his gaze turning away to stare somberly at the ground. “Dude, I…”“Guys!” Kaiden yelled from below. “If y’all done playing with the birds, we got sum cave baseball to do.” Mortoii looked down at Kaiden then back at Brad. Brad sighed and hopped down, going into a roll so he didn’t break his legs. Mortoii followed suit, and the group continued their search for a cave. A conspicuously placed one came into view after some more walking, built into the face of a steep wall. “Found one!”“This feels more like a mineshaft than a cave,” Brad noted.“That would make sense. Folks always thought this was a place for coal mining.” Kaiden said. He knocked on the interior walls, seeing dust fall from the ceiling. “Mortoii, you got one of them magic things to keep us safe?”“We can always go find another cave,” the imp responded. “I don’t think I’m fond of this one.”“For once I’m with the little guy,” Brad added.“For once?”“No! This is farmland in Pennsylvania, we probably won’t find another one for miles.” Kaiden stepped inside, then turned around. “We can just fuck around here. Sure there are stalagmites that we can use…”“Are you sure this is how Kaiden said to fish?” Leana asked, taking out a ground stake with a fishing rod holder. She pressed as has as she could into the ground while Becky carried the bundle of fishing rods out. “Of course! He always uses the best bait first. Said that you use bait to draw them out, then use the good bait to reel them in."“I think that would imply to use the older worms, Beck.”“Yeah, but…” she opened the bag of fishing stuff they brought, taking out a case full of small fish. “This will pretty much guarantee us fish!” Leana picked up a fish, shrugging and taking one out of the case and hooking it on the fish hook. “Now then...swing!” Leana swung her rod as hard as she could, but the line just dropped a few yards in front of them. B: “I feel like there is a certain technique to this…”L: "Oh really...."“Alright, now the key to getting a good swing in is posture and followthrough,” Kaiden coached as Mortoii held a baseball. He faced a minecart to his side, tail out and hoodie down for vision. “Is this much put into throwing a ball?” he asked as Kaiden made micro-adjustments to his leg stance and shoulders. “Do you wanna throw fastballs or not?”“Sorry, I should have known it wouldn’t be that easy…” Mortoii jumped when Kaiden took off his jacket, leaving his wings free to stretch out. “I’ve never worked with a tail before, but this might actually be good. So are dem wings.”“What? O-oh-” Kaiden lifted his leg up and held him in a mid-throwing stance. “This is more or less the next position ya here? The key is to give that ball as much motion as you can fore you let go. With ur tail and wings though, you can probably get some more in since you can save urself from faceplanting.”“How?”“Do I look like a devil boy to you? I don’t know how you use your wings.” Kaiden stepped away and hung out against the wall with Brad. Mortoii shuffled around, whispering to himself as he got himself ready for the first pitch. “You think he’s gonna bust the side of the cart?” Brad asked. Kaiden shrugged.Finally, Mortoii decided he was ready to let the ball loose. Following the steps, he lifted his leg and turned on his heel, zipping his throwing arm out until he had reached the end of the arc. The ball zipped out of his hand, spinning wildly into the cart. It put a dent into the side, making a large crunch sound before it fell down in front of it. “How was that?”Kaiden nodded approvingly before picking up the baseball and going to where Mortoii was standing. He leisurely stood about, whistling like he was sitting on a lawn before stepping into a hell of a throw. Within a blink it had gone from in his hand through crashing through the corner of the cart, breaking a piece of wood clean off.“That wasn’t the posture you showed,” Mortoii complained. “You barely lifted your leg at all.”“I never said I was gonna teach you the serious pitch,” Kaiden jested picking up the piece of wood and ball together. “Besides, I wasn’t trying that much either. Brad?”“You know I’m gonna break that wooden piece right?” He stepped up, catching a toss from Kaiden. “Besides, I thought we were just throwing.”“Just in case you get into it.” Kaiden then tossed Brad the ball, who proceeded to promptly catapult it into the cart. While Kaiden had the precision to break apart wood, Brad’s was just sheer power into the general area. It was enough to completely break the cart, watching it fall to pieces and just the metal once its foundation had been rocked. “What was that, 80? 85?” he bragged, going to get the ball.“That is it, give me another go,” Mortoii said sternly, not wanting his first pitch to get left behind. As Brad tossed it to him, he took a couple of practice pitches to get down Kaiden’s technique, then unleashed a fastball into a stalagmite. The ball ended up obliterating the pointy rock, the ball bouncing on as broken pieces of the cave fell down to the ground. “Well spread me on bread and call me butter,” Kaiden said, turning back to Mortoii. “You’re mad aren’t ya?”“Oh, I’m not mad,” he said back, grinning evilly. “I’m just not going to hold back now~”“Wow, I’m so scared. Let’s see if you can keep up,” Kaiden said. The next hour was nothing but fastballs and dick-measuring, as Mortoii and Kade ramped up the power behind each swing. After a while, Brad switched from pitching to home-run hitting, using any he could find that could be a bat to crack tosses into the poor objects in the way of the ball’s path. Mortoii eventually pulled away once Kaiden had reached the limit on his body, but then he was giving new challenges to top him at. The first was a curveball, which he demonstrated by shoving brad in front of the next rock he was aiming for.“You are going to kill him,” Mortoii thought, having no idea what his intention was. Kaiden smirked and threw slightly to the side, watching the ball careen back into the rock right behind him. “Am I? Am I really?” Kaiden said, making an explosion effect with his mouth and bouncing backward. Mortoii was awestruck, trying to figure out how he curved the ball so precisely...While a cave was slowly getting destroyed, Becky and Leana were finishing up their fishing by a river. Becky’s advice had worked in a while, have they had garnered enough fish for everyone to eat for an entire week. “Aren’t we supposed to clean this?” Leana asked while putting the last fish in the bucket.“Kaiden says that he’ll clean it for us. Plus, he looks so hot when cleaning fish on a log~,” Becky said, picking up the fishing rods.“Oddly specific but alright.” As Leana went back to the river to rinse her hands off, she spotted a bear watching them from a distance. A growl emanates from the bear before it disappeared back into the forest, now lost behind the mass of trees. “Becky, do bears live in here?” she asked, picking up the buckets once all the fishing equipment was packed. “Not too many! They were just so nice when me and Kaiden watched one from a bush.”“Do they attack?”“Oh, only a few times, but as long as they aren’t hungry or don’t see anything they want from us.” As if she didn’t process that the bucket of fish could attract a bear, she smiled and continued on her way, humming while Leana started worrying.The three in the cave laid out front, watching the sun slowly shift in the sky behind the foliage of trees. Broken rocks and a baseball littered the mineshaft ground behind them, and the three of them had varying degrees of sweat on their body. “We did everything shy of playing the game,” Brad said with a satisfied smile. “We should have brought a flashlight with us,”“Yeah, but this works just as well,” Kaiden says while catching a leaf that came to him. “Glad you guys had fun!”“Why did you have a baseball with you? I must ask,” Mortoii said.“Don’t you know? I always keep one on me. Pops always sayin to get practice in, so I just, started carryin it around.” Kaiden shrugged. “It’s how I aim so well.”“Your pops sounds nice,” the imp responded.“He’s alright. I guess I wouldn’t be as good without all his...hurdurdurdurdur, Kade my boy! You gotta reach dem triple digits! You do that, and I’ll get your brother to do all the chorin for a week!” Brad and Mortoii laughed at his dad impression and broke down into full laughter the more noises he made. His impression broke after a bit, and he started laughing right with them.“Oh, wow….your dad sounds way more fun than mine!” Brad said. “He just works in an office and sleeps.”“Definitely not my father either,” Mortoii added, wiping a tear from his eye. “Mine is lewder than I am, much less without a mustache.”“Haha, yeah..” Kaiden took a deep breath before his face went red with how much he had hooted. “Man, you two wanna talk bout females? We don’t have the drinks with us, but...”“We don’t have anything with us, also I’m good,” Brad said.K: “What about all the flirting you always get bro? There has got to be someone.”B: “They just flirt because I used to be a baseball player. I tell you if they didn’t know-”K: “The freshmen that see you tell a different story~”“Oho?~” Mortoii popped in. “Do I sense a harem?”B: “I wouldn’t be able to handle a harem. I guess there is this one girl though. I was a bit down last week, but I just met her in one of my classes. I think...she’s also into me.”M: “Into you you?” Brad nodded excitedly. “Yeah…..wow, I actually might have a girlfriend.”“That’s my man!” Kaiden exclaimed, hitting Brad's chest.“Thanks man! I….” While thinking about what could happen if he asked her out, he started questioning why he was so upset over Leana. The air was cleared between them, yet he kept feeling sorry over her turning him down, and pushing his feelings out onto Mortoii. He sat up and looked at him, catching the imp gazing back. “O-oh, should I go now?" Mortoii asked.“I mean...hey man, I’m real sorry.”“Huh?” Both the imp and Kaiden look at Brad, confused and interested respectively.“I was just salty that Leana didn’t want to go out with me, and I may have been pushing that stuff onto you. You two just got so close so recently and I thought she didn’t want me, because you just came into her life. Looking back, it was really stupid and petty.”“You think I’m going to forget about what you said because you want a second chance?” “Well no, but you’re cool to hang out with, so, I thought that this would be the time to do it.” The imp thought about it for a while, leaving Brad wondering if the apology would work. However, nature had other plans for Mortoii’s answer. The sound of a bear roar turned everyone to the side, where a brown bear was watching from the distance. “Did we stumble on her den?” Brad asked, noticing that in the blink of an eye, Mortoii had disappeared from beside them. “Son of a-”The bear roared again to bring their attention back to her, getting ready to charge at the two. “Alright, Kaiden you’re the expert r-right?”“Usually we would just lay down, but errr, I think we walked into her cave,” Kaiden said, shuffling backward while keeping an eye on the bear. “‘If it’s brown lies down’ doesn’t work,” Brad said, near panicking. “What if it thinks we’re food and eats us!?”“Maybe it’s just a mom, and we just need to move away from the area….back up,” Kaiden whispered, the two of them going back step by step away from the bear. It plays along at first, moving one foot for every foot they backed away. “Wait,” Brad said. “Didn’t we leave some stuff in the cave?” Kaiden’s eyes widened, remembering the mess they had done to the ground. The bear saw it as well, turning back with a more agitated growl than before. “Alright then, new plan. We wait for it to dive into us, split, then run like hell.”“We’re gonna wait!?” Brad exclaimed, the bear going into a thunderous charge at them. “One….” Kaiden started counting as if that would make anything better. “Two….” the bear opened its maw, getting ready to lunge as it rapidly got closer. Brad got his heel turned, preparing for his invisible, or to reach the car by the time he stopped running. Whatever came first; hopefully the latter.Right as they dived, a large stick went swinging smack into the bear’s head, breaking on impact as the animal staggered back. He shook off the strike, but not before a second stick that was halfway to becoming a tree truck hit him square on the end again. The bear was finally knocked out, crumbling down onto the floor. Mortoii appeared on the incapacitated bear, legs crossed, sitting with a satisfied smile at both Brad and Kaiden. “Waiting was a good call. Gave me time to break off a backup weapon,” he said, looking at how bent the second stick was from the swing. “Oh, if you think this is bad, you should see the bump under me.”“I thought you left us, thank god…” Brad said, sitting down on the ground to catch his breath.“Why would I leave you and Kaiden?” the imp asked. “I just needed a strategy to knock out the bear. However…” Mortoii pointed the stick at Brad’s head. “...If you ever talk badly to me again, your god won’t be around to save you.” Brad gave a nod.“You know, only thing I don’t get is why the bear attacked us,” Kaiden said. “I’m glad that we’re safe and all, but the only bear that would even get close to us is-”“Charmander, No!” Yelled Becky as she came to the bear’s side. The bear gave a somber moan as Becky comforted his head and patted its cheek. “What did Brad do to you?”“Why assume it was me?” Brad asked distraughtly.“Kaiden would never do such a thing to Charman, and Mortoii’s too cute to hurt this fluffball, isn’t that right Charmander?” The bear snorted in agreement.“Mortoii, is literally holding a-”“Ah, ah ah. What exactly am I holding?” the imp asked, his lavender eyes flashing brightly as a warning. The stick had somehow disappeared and was now long gone.“....Nothing.” Brad, said folding his arms in contempt. “He was holding nothing.”“That’s right [bleep].”“What?” went everyone else.“Nothing!" ^^
  
    Chapter Text
    “So, why are you late this time?” The professor asked Becky, waiting outside his door like usual. “You do know at some point I have to report this to my superiors, right?”“But you say that every week,” Becky said, laughing at the possible threat. “Besides, I’m not the worst person in your class.” He narrowed his eyes and sighed while adjusting his glasses. “No, but chronic tardiness is not good for you or your academics. You never know, you might regret not making it in time someday.”“Yeah, because animals grow sooooo fast,” Becky responded.“Sarcasm aside, bacteria do replicate rapidly. You’re studying both for your career, aren’t you?”“I’ll be fine professor, trust me. I have my ways.” He rolled his eyes and let her through, Becky hopping to her seat beside Leana. “Psst, why didn’t you call me? I woke up late again.”“You always wake up late,” Leana said, texting on her phone with her notebook left open. She had long since set up her desk, just merely waiting on the class to begin. “Well, I woke up more late this time. You always call,” Becky said, concerned. “It’s your new boyfriend isn’t it?”“What?” Leana said, looking up from her phone.“Ever since the camping trip, you and Mortoii had been spending more and more time together. It’s Wednesday now, and now you’re phasing me out of your life!” She whispered yelled, her eyes full of distress from the thought of losing her friend. “I don’t wanna be alone Leana, then I’ll just be a boring B-grade student that happens to have big tits!”“Bitch don’t you party?”“Only when you’re around! That’s our thing! You’re the smart but low-key introvert cutie, and I’m the bad bitch that has an athlete as a boyfriend. I can’t go back to being a nerd Leana, I need your notes and moral compass!” She grabs Leana, pulling her face into her breasts to hug. “I can’t lose you-hu-huuuu!”“mmmm mmm mmm mmm.”“Oh, sorry.” She let go of her, letting her take her head out of the pillows on Becky’s chest. “I...I just panicked.”“Seriously, I’m not going to leave you behind. Heck, it’s still October,” Leana said. “Can’t exactly run away into the sunset if we are worrying about midterms,”“Oh, right.” Becky chuckled to herself, taking a deep sigh of relief. The worry didn’t leave her mind though, even as Leana answered in her usual straightforward tone. There was time to think about it more later though, as the professor finally took his place at the podium. “Alright class, it’s time for the next lecture. Before that though, the college had asked me to make an announcement.”“As you know, the library has been the campus landmark ever since its founding. However, the administration has voted to renovate the building. I know what you’re thinking, and no, I don’t mean just replace the foundation.” Gasps and chatter started among the students, mostly about how they wouldn’t miss the dingy interior when it’s being hit with a wrecking ball. “Do you hear that Leana? We actually get windows now!”“I mean, it is alright,” Leana said. “Now it’s not going to be quiet...great.”“Quiet down now please,” the professor said, holding up his hand until everyone finally stopped talking. “Thank you. Now, due to the nature of the renovations, and how having access to resources is a must, we have made the decision to close down the campus by Friday afternoon. On the other hand, there is a protest and a petition organized to fight the taking down of the building earlier in the day. So if anyone wishes to join…” he trailed off as he looked for hands from the class, but no one even seemed to care. “That is a bit disappointing, but I get it. If anyone has any questions, you know what to do or where to go by now. Now then, let’s get into our lesson…”After the class ended, Leana and Becky took the route they usually did, walking down beside the road that led to the library. “So, wanna head to the library later today?” Becky asked. “For nostalgia’s sake?”“Aren’t we heading there anyway?” Leana said. Her hands were shoved in her jacket pockets and her body was relaxed, letting the autumn wind carry her along. “Hey look, there’s Brad and Kaiden!” Becky said, seeing two...no, three figures approaching in the distance. “Actually, there’s a chick with them.”“A chick?” Leana focused her vision on the sidewalk in front of her, squinting real hard to see her. The closer they got to the three, the more Leana began to think that the girl seemed more dressed for mountain climbing than attending a lecture. Her hair was was white and cut in a short hime, the longest strands only just barely going under the line of her chin. Her blue eyes shined brightly in the sunlight. Even more than Becky’s, ew, Leana thought, turning her attention towards the rest of her looks. Her backpack looked basic but larger than her torso, its black straps going over her white tee. She wore cargo pants and sneakers that looked like they had been picked out randomly at the first store she saw. Despite looking out of place, however, her smile made everything seem like it was all normal of her wear. Brad certainly didn’t seem to mind it.“Hi guys!” Brad said, stopping once they stepped up to each other. “I don’t think I’ve told you yet, Kaiden have I told them yet?”“You hadn't told them yet.”“I haven’t told you yet, but I got a girlfriend!” He said while patting the hime-cut girl. She nuzzled, leaning her weight against his muscular stature. “She was just so nice to me, and you know, I felt a real connection.”“My name’s Sarah!” She said, holding up the peace symbol while sticking her tongue out. She then turned back to Brad, kissing him tightly “I never knew this hunk had so many friends~”“Of course I did! I told you about them during class!” Sarah giggled and kissed him again, right on the cheek. “Oh yes, you did. Speaking of which, I should share the...pleasentries~” Sarah pulled away and bowed, her bookbag shaking around with her sudden movements. “I may be in the states, but I just can’t help but bow to new people. It’s the polite thing to do.”“What if you break your back with your entire closet on your back?” Leana said.“Oh, I won’t! Trust me, I’ve broken a lot larger things~” Sarah stood up straight, patting her backpack. “This training backpack is just one in the line of many things to eventually fall between my knees. Just like your cock Brad~” She hugged his waist, almost picking him up in the process. Brad looked caught off guard, feeling like a linebacker was in the process of tackling him. “Wooo there, not in public!” He nervously laughed it off and turned back to Leana. “You know, she’s a bit like Becky if it helps to think about it that way.”“Well, that’s hurtful. I’m at least tactful,” Becky said back. “Come on Leana. Let’s leave Brad with his whore.”“For once, you don’t need to pull me along,” Leana said, jogging with Becky to the library. “Bye guys, see you in a few minutes!” Leana, after saying bye to the three of them, looked onwards at Becky. “You do realize they can both easily catch up to us right?”“Shut up the whore will slow them down!” Becky exclaimed, suddenly seeing Sarah dashing fast after them. “Leana….”“Don’t tell me they are already…” Leana turned around, seeing Sarah quickly gaining on the two. “Oh shit! Run!” Leana and Becky both broke out into a full-on split, but it was hopeless. Sarah had the physique to stride to their side and tackle both onto the grass, right before reaching the library. “I told you both already!” Sarah said, her blue irises suddenly turning purple as she gazed down at the two girls she had pinned under her body. “Training Backpack~”“I-I need an adult,” Becky said.“We are all adults~” Before any unthinkable actions could happen, Brad and Kaiden caught up to her, not far behind her. “Wow, are you on the track team?” Brad asked, kneeling down and stifling a laugh at Becky’s pouting face. “Ha, you guys got hunted down.”Sarah’s eyes turned back blue before she turned back to her boyfriend, still brimming with a smile. “No, I’m not on the track team. Honestly, it would be a waste to join at this time,” she said, sliding off of Leana and Becky. They both sat up in silence, helped up by Kaiden and Brad. “Although, if you wanna see how fast I can go~”“Alright, they are right. That is a lot of sexual innuendos coming at me fast,” Brad said.“Oh, sorry Brad! It’s just… I’ve been hoping you would notice me for weeks now, and I finally get my chance to go out with you! You must get it a lot; the constant messages and love letters…” her face turned red from talking about Brad. “Sorry, I’m being too…”“No, it’s alright,” Brad said. “Hearing you say that makes me happy. And right now, that’s all I can ask for.” He ended his response with a kiss on the cheek, to pay her back from earlier. “Now then, let’s head inside and spend one last day there.” They all started walking over to the library, but before they could get off the grass, Becky tripped over something on the grass. Her foot had snagged a handle and lifted a doorway hidden under the grass. She oofed as she fell onto the grass, causing the four to turn around and notice the sudden square hole behind them.Brad: “What”Kaiden: “The”Sarah: “Heck?”Leana: “Becky!”“I didn’t mean it!” Becky defended. “I just stepped and this thing opened!” She said distraught. “Sarah, this is your fault for pushing me!” Sarah edged towards the hole, taking off her backpack to root through it. She stopped and pulled out a compact flashlight, shining it down the hole. Her eyes widened when she saw the hole lead down into a tunnel, filled with rust and dirt. “The artifact…” she whispered under her breath. She turned back, seeing the four staring at her like bosses awaiting her paperwork. Her brain turned as she figured out a way to bring them down with her, but nothing seemed good enough to try…“So um...do you guys want to go down there?” She asked, expecting an immediate no from the group. “I think we might have found treasure?” She added, hoping it would be enough.“Treasure?” Leana said, arching an eyebrow. “Let me see….” she walked up beside Sarah and looked down into the hole, seeing a whole lot of dirt and rust built up as well. “This doesn’t look safe or sanitary.”“But Leana,” Becky said. “Treasureeee-”“It can just be nothing!” Leana retorted.“It can also be money! Think about it, we can have enough to live for the rest of our lives. We can shop, eat out, do projects…”“And pay for my tuition?”“Ahh pssh, you know me and your sciency friend got that,” Becky assured, turning back to Sarah. She looked as animated as the white-haired girl as if their eyes were having a conversation of their own. “We’re totally doing this Thursday right?”“It’s like you’ve read my mind,” Sarah answered excitedly, closing the hatch and standing back up on her feet. She looked up towards the library and down to the sidewalk, making a mental note of the hatch's general area before hopping back to Brad’s side. “Now then hubby, shall we go do some studying?~” She said, walking her fingers up the side of his arm. “If you’re implying I fuck you on the third floor, I think we can get away with that,” he responded.“Of course. You know me so well…” she kept on praising him, the two of them walking away to the entrance. The PDA they radiated could have made anyone within listening distance turn the other way. Speaking of which….“Well um, I don’t think I wanna go to the library anymore,” Kaiden admitted. “Becky, you wanna…”“I’m going home,” Becky then said, wiping her hands on her clothes out of spite before walking away. “I’ll catch my own ride!” Kaiden waved after, tapping his feet as he looked towards Leana. “Sooo…”“I’ll hop on the bus,” Leana said, jogging off towards past the library. “Cool!” Kaiden said, looking around. The place suddenly felt a lot more empty with him just standing there. As if the world had been watching, the wind blew through his hair, highlighting the quietness that surrounded him. “Guess I’m going to my car then,” he said, going to the parking lot so he could drive home.“Hey Mortoii,” Leana said, walking through the door and taking off her jacket. The imp had been making origami, with dozens of different paper animals and objects strewn all over the place. “Why are you…”“I am going to spice up the house a little,” he told her. “It is a bit plain. It could use some art.”“Folded paper art?” she questioned, picking up an origami dog. She heard the cat hiss to her side, seeing her pawing at another paper dog that was in front of her. “The cat seems agitated.”“No no, he is just enjoying the art! He paws at all the ones that he thinks are worthy of playing with,” Mortoii explained. “Thanks to him, I was able to perfect the decorations.” He then held up a necklace, made out of small bits of folded paper diamonds strung together with string. “Speaking of which, jewelry for my majesty.”“Wow, this is the best and only gift I’ve ever gotten from you,” Leana sarcastically said, tip-toeing through the origami liter to be crowned with the necklace. She got down on one knee before him, lowering her head so he could put it on.“Oh trust me, I’ll be getting you many more gifts in the….” Mortoii stopped his motion once his body got right against his head. His smile faded to a more perturbed look than anything. “Leana, you aren’t cheating on me are you?” She looked up with a perplexed look, having been completely blindsided by his question. “Wait, we’re together?”“Aren’t we?” He asked. “This does feel like something a couple would do...also I have licked your breasts already.”“Oh yeah.” She didn’t need to be reminded, as the clothing store incident was still burned in her mind. “I guess you are my boyfriend then, but what do you mean by cheating?”“Your scent,” he pointed out, poking her armpit and neck. “I don’t like what my nose is telling me.”“Is it saying that I ran and jogged to the bus stop then to Brad’s house because if it is then this entire accusation is stupid?”“No, that is just your usual smell. However, this one smells of a non-human…”“You’re the only Imp I know Mortoii.” He sat back in his chair and thought about it, now having a mystery to unpack. His hands played with the necklace, stretching it and spinning it around his finger while he came up with possible explanations. “Say, have you met anyone new?”“Only this girl named Sarah. Oh right! Man, when I tell you that she’s so fucking horny, she is, and I repeat, so fucking horny.”“Does she act dominantly? Is very hands on, and says a lot of sexual innuendoes?” Mortoii asked in a fast manner. His face seemed to have a mix of worry and disgust growing on it, as if a fear was being confirmed more and more.“Do you count tackling and giving two people you’ve pinned bedroom eyes as dominant?” Leana watched as he got up, going and coming back with a teacup on a platter. He took a quick sip and sat back down, his tail starting to reel her head furth into his lap. “Mortoii, you have to talk to me.”“You’ve found a herm, Leana,” he said, scowling as the h-word left his mouth. “The one thing I don’t want magic to be able to do, and now one of those futanaris has wandered into our world!”“Woah woah woah.” Leana pulled herself back to do a double-take. “I thought those only existed in porn.”“For demon lord’s sake, I’m a magical flying imp. At this point, anything that can be done in this ‘porn’ can probably be achieved with a flick of a wrist. This “Sarah” is probably just prancing around, finding girls left and right that she can stick her inhuman pole into.”“You don’t seem to like dickgirls alot…”“What’s the point of them?” he asked, taking another sip from his tea. “If you want a cock so bad, go find a man! Or better yet, become one! There is no need to add an extra body part that looks so off on a female.”“What about strap-ons?”“I think that’s powerplay, although I prefer to be the one giving, not taking. Tell me, have you ever taken anything in the ass Leana?”“Noooooo?”“Interesting. We should try that sometime. But, back to the subject.” He placed down his platter, along with his half-emptied cup of tea. “I can guarantee that she is an butt-fucking herm. That awful stench is just too powerful.”“But she’s been fucking Brad all day it seems. Plus, her pants isn’t-”“Bulging? She is probably pretending to be a human female.” Leana shook her head, unable to believe it. Her being from another universe? Maybe. But how can anyone hide anything ‘inhuman’ sized in their pants? “It’s too ridiculous,” Leana said.“Let’s wager then. My nose vs your logic. If I win and she turns out to be a hermaphrodite, I get, say….owed your backdoor’s virginity.~” His eyebrows wiggled as he stated his terms.“Wow. Alright then, and if I win, I uhh…” Leana looked around for something to get out of him, then realized she had a possible win condition in her backpack. “Aha! You have to do my capstone! All three of them~”“Wow, really? You do realize I am here all day?”“Trust me, that isn’t going to help you.”Mortoii chuckled at her warning, using his tail to shake her hand. “Then it’s a deal then! Oh, but there is one more thing. We both agree that she is a horny outsider, no? Then-” In less than a second, Leana’s face, and subsequently her shoulders and upper torso, had been tucked under and between his thighs. “Then, we should probably do this to permeate my scent onto you. Just to make sure she knows you’re taken~”“Mmmph, mmm!”“If it helps to relax, I am told I smell like lavender,” he advised. He heard her take a couple of whiffs through her nostrils, before giving one sole pacified ‘mmm’.“Puurrfect~”Tomorrow that Thursday, classes had been filled out faster than usual. The college, in anticipation of upcoming events, had decided to let out early to give time before the library area became restricted. Leana already saw signs of the building being closed off once she got there. Workers were starting to go in and out of the building, and tape was being put up around the perimeter. “Sure are doing this early…”“Yes they are!” Went Sarah behind her, appearing out of nowhere like a...um...actually I can’t think of any similes right now. She immediately got to hugging, rocking both of them gently while Leana was still processing her arrival. “Say, are we the only ones exploring today?~”“Where the hell did you come from?” Said Leana, as any rational human being might react. “Oh you know, places and classes. My class just happened to be reeeal close~” Sarah responded, looking around for Becky. “Say, where is your friend? Did she get cold feet?”“She’s coming, and so is the other two,” Leana said, slipping out of her arms. “Can you not do that, I am just a bit sensitive to touch.”“But I see Becky hugging you all the time!”“Becky is Becky.”“Can I be Becky then?” She said, making a cute smile with her mouth while she held out her arms. Leana’s eyes shot down then back up, while Sarah’s followed. “Oh, you looked at my hips for a moment.”“I know that. Also no,” Leana said. “Hugs dumb and annoying. Becky is the exception, not the rule.” While she told Sarah off out loud, her mind was making sure that she had gotten enough of a picture of her pants. Unless I had moved too fast, her pants was pretty much bulge-free, she thought to herself. When Brad and Kaiden came, she peer-reviewed their pants for a second. Comparing notes, they had a slight bulge, and a wider stance now that she noticed it. “Guess I’m getting my capstone done early.”“You are doing final projects already?” Brad asked, suddenly wondering if he had missed anything in his own schedule. Sarah instantly went over to Brad, hopping on his back and closing her legs around his waist. “You give a piggyback ride so easily!” She said.“Nice to see you too Sarah,” Brad said, kissing her lip-on-lip. “I heard some talk about Beck...where is she anyway?”“That meeting with her professor might be taking longer than I thought….” Leana said. “Becky said she had to stay after class for something earlier.”“Didn’t know raising a D would take this long,” Brad said, catching a no-look low five from Kaiden beside him.“Hardy har har. We should begin before someone yells at us for standing around. Sarah?”“On it!” She hopped off of Brad and propped open the latch, shining a light down into the tunnel. Kaiden went first, then Brad, then Leana, and finally Sarah before the girl pulled the sheet of grass over them. She hopped down to the rest of them, with quite a few phone flashlights and normal flashlights shining all over the tunnel. It was larger than the hole they went down, being large enough to squeeze a small hatchback into it. It stretched out in two directions and was covered in more rust from the age. “Well, this might not be useful,” Leana said, looking in either direction. “I feel like we can be ambushed.”“Maybe, but it’s treasure,” Sarah said. “All you need is a good nose.” She started smelling the area, before going off in one of the directions. The three followed her, struggling to keep up with her pace as she made seemly sporadic turns. It was like she was here before, effortlessly turning into corners that none of the others would have even considered. Brad kept his light on her back, being the bridge between the slower Leana and Kaiden. “Wait up!” Brad yelled, seeing Sarah turn and disappear from view. “You’ve left us behind!”“No I didn’t! Come look!” She said. They dashed over to her, finding a way that was completely void of rust or any degeneration. It was one, giant round tubular passageway, encased completely in what seemed to be steel. Leana took off her backpack and took out one of her pens, tossing it well inside the passageway. She looked around for any boobie traps or surprises that could have popped out, but they’re laid the pen, unharmed and unbothered. “I don’t trust like that,” Leana said. “Does anyone see a clue towards anything?”“I think I found something,” Kaiden said, looking at a tablet that was inscribed into the wall at leg level. He tried his best to make the best of what was being written, but he couldn’t make it out. “It’s impossible to read though, it’s some sort of symbol language.” Brad took a gander, squatting down with Kaiden. “Dude, this is just Japanese. Although I don’t know it either, so a lot of good I did.”“Did you say Japanese?” Sarah asked. “I know Japanese!”“Well that’s extremely lucky!” Brad said, the two of them shifting aside to give her room. She brushed the hair out of her way with her hand and scanned the tablet, seeing placid as she read the thing from end to end. “Well, what does this Japanese say?” Kaiden asked. “Does it take a while to read 3 lines?”“A bit, but it says…. ‘behold the sacred passageway to your treasure. If you have found this, then you must be one of the chosen ones that know of the secrets to the jewel of Omega. The way shall now open, for you lot are the ones that can protect this….weapon of….mass….” she trailed off, the last sentence scuffed enough to make her unsure of what it said. “Well, at least we know that we’re safe to walk.”“Wait!” Kaiden said. “I thought we were getting treasure, not a weapon.”“We are getting treasure, and now, we’re getting a jewel with power as well! Brad, isn’t that exciting?” Sarah asked him, getting a half-hearted woop from him. “Is you lacking in imagination? There are a lot of other things that we can do with the treasure, besides all the money.” She heard a scream and looked towards Leana, who was currently frozen in place by dozens of thin blades that had come out of the walls to skewer her. She had managed to dodge all of them, but now she was stuck in the awkward post until otherwise. Her bookbag though did not get such a nice toss of luck however, impaled through and through. “Heeeeeeelp.”“It would seem that the tabloid didn’t think of you as a part of us,” Sarah said. Once Sarah had started walking, the blades of steel zipped back into hiding. Leana collapsed on the floor, her arms tired from having to stay lifted the entire time. “Well, thanks to that, all my stuff is ruined,” she said, staying seated for a period while Brad and Kaiden walked past. “Oh don’t worry, we can easily patch up everything!” Sarah said, smiling down at Leana.“Patch it up my butt,” Leana snarked, looking at her torn papers.“I would LOVE to right now, but we can do that later sweetie~” She winked and continued on, Leana carrying her backpack in the front now instead of leaving it torn on her back.“She does realize I used “it” right?” She asked herself, finding them in a barren chamber, lit up by the blue light emitting from the floor. Besides the four, they were the only things occupying this sterile space.Well, Besides the blue jewel showcased on its own stone pillar in the center. It wasn’t round, but made up of so many equal shapes that it looked nearly like one. It was also the size of a small dodgeball, being able to be grasped perfectly in Sarah’s palm. “Finally...we have gotten it!”“Wait, that’s it?” Leana asked.“Yeah, where’s the rest of the treasure?” Brad followed up.“This is the treasure!” Sarah said, holding up the jewel. Lines of blue seeped from it onto the girl’s arm, as if it was binding with her form. “Do you know what powers this thing has?”“I don’t care if it turns me into a fricken monster, I came for riches!” Kaiden said annoyed. “Not to guard some jewel from the devil’s forces.”“Oh fine, oh fine!” Sarah said, sighing as she put the jewel. “I spotted some actual treasure on the way here. We can just stop there and loot everything.”“Not so fast!” Went a new voice. They turned to the steel entrance, seeing a hooded man standing with two burlaped figures and holding a large shaking bag. The man had a gun pointed that them, switching between them and his hostages while blocking the exit. “I don’t think you will be going anywhere!” Sarah hurried in front of the three, putting up her hands to be a shield for them. “Agent Shilder, what the heck are you doing?”Agent Shilder? Leana thought while looking at the hooded figure. He seemed to not take kindly to the name, pointing the gun harder at Sarah. “How dare you use that name! Don’t you realize what you have done? What you have roped three innocent people into?”“I was taking my friends to get some treasure, nothing more. There’s nothing for you here anyways, the room is empty.”“Then why are you here then?” The hooded figure questioned. “I mean, it’s not as if there was a….oh I don’t know...weapon in here that can be used to take over the world in your hand!?” Sarah gasped and looked up at her hands, seeing the gem still firmly in her grasp. “Damnit."“Really should have tucked that away, it would be a shame if someone happened to steal it,” the hooded figure remarked. “Luckily I’ll be glad to take it off your hands.”“The Order Syndicate will never get your hands on this, even if it will cost us our life!” Sarah yelled back, getting loud disapproval from the three people behind her. “Shhh guys. Trust me, if they get this gem, this whole world will be destroyed!”“I’m not risking my life and limb to protect some fancy-smancy gem!”“Was I just a cover boyfriend to you?”“Sarah he has a gun!”“All valid arguments,” Sarah said. “But trust me, he won’t be able to hurt you.”“You’re right indeed,” The hooded figure chimed in. “In fact, you three are all protected. Double-Agent Blade is well equipped to handle a simple bullet.” He then turned the gun towards the people with bags over their heads. “That’s why I brought insurance. Leana, I must apologize beforehand. You were never meant to find this out….”“You know him?” Sarah asked, Leana shaking her head. “No! How the fuck do you know my name?”“Because Leana…” the hooded figure stopped talking and tapped his neck, a tiny chime sounding from him. “...I’ve been greeting you every morning.” His voice had changed to a familiar one, one that made her do a double-take. “You’re getting it now, aren’t you? Your face seems horrified. More horrified than when you came.”“W-why is the professor here?” Leana said. “And who is that under the bag?”“Well, you could say that she had run out of excuses…” The professor said, pulling the clothes off of both of them. Becky and Damien turned out to be the hostages, arms bound with rope while duct tape was over their mouths. Becky had mascara stains from her crying and looked like she was about to again. “Mmmf!” Damien went, trying to get Kaiden’s attention.“Why I outta-” Kaiden was about to charge him, but Brad held him back. “Dude no he’s gonna shoot your brother!”“Why is he even here!?”“That is hard to explain. Becky at least made sense. Like always, she arrived late, but she happened to stumble onto a little..ceremony. But the lad, however,” the professor said, tapping Damien’s head with the barrel of the gun. “Found him yelling Becky’s name in the parking lot. This idiot girl actually put her faith in a boy and a purple cat!”“That wasn’t hard to explain!” Kaiden yelled, trying to push Brad out of the way with all the life in him.“It wasn’t? Guess I’ve outdone myself.” The professor chuckled and recocked his gun, aiming at Becky first. “Simply Blade and/or Sarah, you give me the gem, and I give you all three of these innocent bystanders. A three-for-one deal! You would never get this in our world, now would you?”“I would say that is a pretty good deal!” Kaiden added. “Sarah, toss the gem!”“It’s not going to matter in the long run,” Sarah shouted back. “We’re basically giving him the entire planet!”“I won’t live to see that if Damien comes back with a bullet in his brain!”“Guys,” Brad said, pulling Sarah and Kaiden closer and motioning Leana over. “I have an idea on how we can both get what we want back, without everyone dying. Kaiden, you said you always have baseball on hand right?”“You’re right, I’ll bean the motherfucking asshole.” He smashed his fist into his hand, ready to unlesh hell.“Not exactly,” Brad said, turning to Sarah. His heart started to choke up as he still felt betrayed, but now wasn’t the time for unpacking that. “Sarah, if...that is your real name, if we can get you close to him, can you stop him from attacking.” Sarah nodded, looking to the side while he talked. “Hey,” he said, patting her on the head. “I’m not hurt, I promise.”“What do I do?” Leana asked.“Call campus police, duh.”“Oh yeah…”“Say, this huddle of yours is taking quite some time!” The professor said. “If you leave me too bored, I might just kill the cat!”“Alright, let’s just wing the rest. Capiche?” All four of them nodded and separated. Sarah came forth and held up the blue gem, letting it radiate for all to see. “Here, is this what you want?”“No, I just wanted its pillar, it would make a nice decor- of course it is what I wanted! Now roll it over.”“I think I rather just give it to you. Make it fair.”“Ah, and here I was thinking you would fold just like that. Very well Sarah, let’s exchange.” The professor pushed his gun into Damien and Becky’s back, nudging them forward with a cruel smirk on his face. He looked carefully at Sarah, watching a bluish-purple aura appear around her. “Why, you think that you can get fast enough to stop a bullet right on someone?”“A lass can only hope to try~” She said with a smirk back.“You hear that you all?” he called to the back. “She’s getting pretty cocky if you ask me.”“Maybe~. Maybe I am.” He shrugged and held his hand out, moving the gun toward’s Becky’s head. “Just firmly push the gem into my hand and-” his head suddenly turned, hearing the wind blowing in what was supposed to be a windless underground room. It wasn’t wind that he heard, however. It was the whiz of a ball spinning at full force, smacking right into his gun an instant later. It had beat his reflexes, as his trigger finger squeezed a bullet into the air since it was knocked away. “Arg!”“Fine then, you want to do that, then she dies anyways!” He shouted, moving his arm as fast as he could back into her head. Around the same time, a whitetail grew rapidly out of Sarah’s back, making a beeline for her head. By the time the bullet was launched, the line of floof was able to get a piece of the bullet, cushioning its impact against her head to just a painful slap. “Mmmph!”“You wouldn’t be yelling if you were dead! This is impossible!” The professor said, getting poked on the cheek from his side. He turned his head only to get decked in the jaw by Brad, falling to the floor and dropping his gun. “Yo.”“Don’t ‘Yoo’ me peasant!” The professor started scrambling for the gun. Sarah saw and kicked him in his stomach before he could reach, ensuring he stayed down for good. “Oooh, you bitch….” he muttered, cursing all the way as he stood up on his feet. “You think a punch and a kick is enough to keep me down?”“No, but I’m glad it’s not-” Brad said, cracking his knuckles. “Guess you got unlucky this time.”“Oh, but you see! You’re the one that is going to be unlucky!” The professor’s speech was filled with him coughing and hunching over, hugging his stomach like a body pillow. “This pain..this pain is only temporary. In a few seconds, my own power will kick in. The true power, of a blessed Orderite! Yes, I can feel it now, healing and numbing my body…” Brad started going over to finish the job, but Sarah blocked him. “Wait, what if he’s luring you in?”“He’s getting stronger I have to do something!”“Oh, but you’re too late!” The professor yelled, no longer hunching over from the kick. His muscles looked more defined, stretching the fabric of his worth clothes. His eyes had a new hunger in them, one that aches for an ass-kicking. “First, I’m going to beat you up, then I’m going to kill all of you!”“Can’t kill me if you’re knocked out cold,” Brad responded, putting up his fists and coming closer.“By the time this is over, you will be the one...knocked out cold!” the professor sped forward and ran into Brad, sending a haymaker into Brad’s face. Brad groaned, taking a step back and holding his nose. “Did you feel that! That’s my power you puny, mortal sophomore! No normal human could stand up to me!”“Tell me,” Brad started asking while still wincing. “Before you kill me, how long have you been here?”“Want to know how long? Well, ever since you started playing of course. Even then, I can still handle an athlete, especially someone that hasn’t done anything for a year.”“That’s where you are wrong, Doc.” Brad took his hand off his nose and quit his hunching over. His nose was a bit bloody, but from his stoic face, you wouldn’t be able to tell if it had fazed him.“What! I literally just punched you!”“Yes, you did. However, you made one, giant mistake,” Brad said, walking over to the professor. “I never said I stopped playing.”“Oh, ohoho! I get it. A cheap imitation trick.” The professor turned his face, patting his cheek right then and there. “You think you can intimate a soldier of the chief god? You? Fine, take your best shot.”“I will.” Brad winded up and took the older one’s advice, smashing his face as hard as he hit baseballs. The professor, in all his bravado, did not prepare for it at all. His body was knocked down to the ground, accompanied by a painful yell. “Y-you shouldn’t have that much force…” Two tails came up and lifted him by the arms, holding him up high enough to be level with Brad’s chest. “H-huh?”“Hello~” Sarah said.“Let go of me you...bitch…” Brad grabbed the professor’s head, tilting it up towards him. “Oh she will, once I’m done giving my best shot.”“Is it too late to say I didn’t mean literally?” While Brad simply smiled and started punching him more, Kaiden rushed over to the hostages, first undoing the knot on the burlap sag so the cat can be freed. It rushed out and scattered away, running over to where Leana was standing, busy in a phone call with the police. “Yeah, you’re welcome! Dumb cat.” He moved on to Damien, tearing off the tape on his brother. “Ow!” Damien yelled. “Why did you do it so hard?”“This is is the least I should do to you. Why did you go after Becky?! You could have….I’m gonna….” Before he could finish, Becky nudged Kaiden. “Oh right, and you.” He took off the tape and started undoing her rope. “It’s not his fault, I made him come!” Becky yelled as soon as she could breathe again.“What?”“He just wanted to call the cops, but….I panicked and-”“You got my brother in trouble over this!?” Kaiden said, making a face of betrayal. He was prepared to defame his brother, but he had never expected the fault to be on his girlfriend. The anger in his face faded to disappointment and sadness. Becky looked down at the blue-lined floor, rubbing the tears out of her eyes. “B-but….Becky....”“The professor was right. I can’t do anything right. I'm just a dumb brood….”“I never said that, I just said you were late chronically!” The professor said, before catching another punch from Brad. “Ooof!”“Becky….” Kaiden lifted her face, seeing her sniffle.“Y-yes?”“I’ll….I’m upset at you.” He said, hugging her. “But that professor is so wrong. You’re not a screw-up, you just like to have fun!”“Why does she get off so easy?” Damien said, collecting the rope on the ground.“Because bro, I wouldn’t know what to do if I lost you.” He turned to Damien, lifting him up. “Yeah, mom is gonna kill me, but you’re also pretty cool. I don’t wanna see you dead or missing. Guess it gets annoying...” Damien hmphed then looked away unamused.“Alright, very annoying, but I’m still doing it.” They heard the professor land in front of them, turning to see him injured on the ground with a black eye and whimpering. “T-this isn’t fair...I was given the chief god’s power!” Damien looked down at him, then back at Kaiden.“Can I at least kick the shit out of him?”“Sure bro, but stop cursing. Ma might hear.” Damien went to work getting his own beating in, while Leana watched from the side still having the phone to her ear. “Yeah, we’re at the library. The situation now...um, we are beating up our hostage and tying him up.” Sarah came over, setting the gun down over. “How’s the call going luv?”“The operator said they are going to send two cruisers over,” Leana said, hanging up. “You would think this would be the one time they send a swat team.”“Fair enough. So, after this, I was wondering if you and Becky would like a little...one on one on one action~” She asked, turning to and fro gently while her tail waved behind her. “Fuck out all the angst and stress from tonight~”“I’m alright, although wouldn’t we need Brad?”“Oh, with me, we wouldn’t need any man to fill our holes~” She said, winking. Her inquiry was interrupted by the professor crawling over to the gun, using his remaining power to get himself over. Leana stepped over and kicked the gun away, sending it sliding over to where Brad was.“...well fucketh,” The professor said, looking up at Leana. “I suppose we wouldn’t be doing any more tutoring sessions, noo?” Leana shook her head no. “Well shoot. If it means anything, you were my favorite student.”“Thanks, I remember that when you get sent to jail.”“Actually, he’s going with me,” Sarah said. “Leaving him in this world wouldn’t go well. He would go for a lot in a demon sect~”“Don’t you dare!”“Too late, Damien, bring the burlap ropes!”Mortoii sat in a circle of origami, finishing one last one before sitting it down in the last vacant spot. “There,” he said, looking around the first floor. He had covered the entire living room area in origami, arranging them so it looked more like an art piece than a collection. He carefully got up and flew over to the light, switching the lights out and double-checking if the blinds are closed. The origami started to glow, illuminating pink, blue, and green paths that led to the stairs and kitchen. “Perfect!”The door swung open, Leana coming through holding a stuffed backpack. “Imp man! I- why is there glowing paper ducks on the floor?”“A project of mine to pass the time. Isn’t it nice?”“Of course, like, it’s like a long domino chain and Christmas lights rolled into one. But that’s not the subject at hand.”“Oh right! The bet~” Mortoii motioned Leana upstairs, watching to make sure she followed the path before trailing behind her. “I’m thinking...you present whatever object I get~”“Oh, I’ll present alright,” Leana said with a smug grin. “I’ll present all over your face!” The notion caused an erection to start forming up under his skirt. He nearly pushed Leana into the room, closing the door behind him. “Now then, show me~”Leana smiled, and with one simple motion….dropped three textbooks onto the bed. “Wait what?” Mortorii said, suddenly feeling out of place with his hard-on.“She just fucks with her tails apparently! Pretends they are dicks.” Leana said. “Never said she was a futa, and she even showed me her form. So now you have to do the capstones!” She patted the books and sant behind them. “Start studying~”“What! You’re lying right?”“No, why would I lie? I even saw her tail and everything.”“Wow….” Mortoii seemed in disbelief as he sat in front of the books, staring at all the bland covers. “Maybe it wasn’t smart to place a bet on one scent after all.”“I can agree to that,” Leana said, her phone vibrating in her pocket. “Oh, I think that’s Brad.”“Oh right, he and Sarah…” Mortoii peered over, curious to what Leana was reading:
  Hey! So we broke up and turns out she had a dick. Said she didn’t think I would like being the taker in the relationship.
Leana’s smile faded as she read the text, while Mortoii picked up the slack with a smug look of his own. “Telling the truth, aye?”“What!? But I really did see her form! I saw a tail and…”“Now that I think about it, did you see ears as well? Beastman with tails tend to have ears on their head.” Leana flashed back to the encounter, but she saw nothing about ears. “Well no…”“Did she show her tail when doing something?”“She did use it to catch a bullet…” Mortoii rubbed his chin in thought. “My assumption is that she might have shown only the tail, out of sheer utility.”“Well that’s not fair at all,” Leana complained, getting another message from Brad:
  She just sent me a dick pic, oh god.
“Well that confirms it,” Mortoii said. “Guess I’m not doing a capstone! Instead...”“I’m still not spreading my asshole wide open on a bed.”“Oh, don’t worry~” Mortoii said, his erection restrengthening itself with confidence. “I’ll spread it for you either way~”
  
    Chapter Text
    
  2 months until Christmas break….
Mortoii was railing Leana deep into the night, hunched over her back while his feminine hips thrusted into her asshole. Leana clutched the pillow in front of her, screaming into it until her face turned red. It was the only thing she could do to vent without waking up Brad or the cat with her moans. No expense was spared in opening her ass after her anal virginity was taken, the imp seeing it as the go-ahead to completely break her hind. She barely had time to squeeze down on his cock, and her ability to diminished as his pumping left her shaking with each thrust.“Nnnn!” Mortoii grunted, sinking his length in one last time before letting his orgasm go. Leana’s eyes clenched close, while spurts of cum filled her ass and rectum. Her untouched cunt just clenched and convulsed, left completely bare save her secretions and the lucky drops of jizz that dripped down to her vulva. “This is definitely one of the better bets I’ve won,” he commented, wiggling his half-mast back and forth to stir her insides around. After some teasing he finally relented, pulling out of her pucker and sitting down behind her. Leana kept her head buried in the pillow, falling to the side now that she had no imp keeping her upright and bent over like a dog.“You’re not fallen asleep on me yet, are you?” Mortoii asked. His hand was leisurely jerking off his cock, rubbing it back to its full, throbbing mast. “You've heard of our lustful nature. We both know that we aren’t going to finish for a looong time~”
  Several weeks until Winter break...
“This is a lot of notes Leana,” Becky said as she got her glasses out of her bookbag. Leana was taking out notebooks chock full of study material for their midterms, including the classes that Leana wasn’t even in. “Like, a lot a lot. Like, are you doing alright a lot. Nothing happened to your social life did it?”“What? No!” Leana said. “Why is your concern always that I’m staying inside?”“Because, you’re not exactly the most popular girl here,” Becky said, organizing the spare papers her friend put down. “I’m worried about you girl.”“Sweet, but this is actually all Mortoii," Leana said, closing her backpack. “I finally got him to help me with the midterms.”“So that’s why the handwriting looks better,” Becky said to herself.“Hey!”“Well it is! Besides, doesn’t he get bored from this? I know I would.”“It’s an exchange. He helps me study, and I….I pay him back.” Leana caught herself, clearing her throat. She could still taste the bitter aftertaste from yesterday….….“Are you sure you can stay under there for two hours?” Mortoii asked one last time, helping tie Leana’s hair back into a bun. “I am all for a little “entertainment” while I work, but last time we did this, you gagged quite a bit.” She blushed and looked down while he did her hair above her, patting her thighs at a nervous pace. “Well, you never told me that it was still growing….”“Do your best cuite~” Mortoii said, taking his place on the bed and placing a textbook in his lap and a journal at his side. He immediately got to work with his note-taking, transcribing and condensing the next chapter into legible and organized cursive. In the meantime, Leana checked her hair to make sure it was in place one last time, then crawled onto the bed between Mortoii’s thighs. The book over her head made it difficult for light to shine through, but regardless, she could still see the bulge that resided under his white panties. The semi-opaque nature of them let her get a view of his limp member, cleanly tucked away to the side. She found herself immersing herself in his musk, pressing the bridge of her nose against the bulge. She could feel blood running through, moving her nose against the shaft until his cock started pressing back into her face.“Leanaaaa, I’m getting bored,” he reminded her, flipping to the next page. She remembered her end of the bargain and carefully slid down the panties, exposing his hairless crotch and pulsating cock. It smelled even better without the satin obstruction, replacing the oxygen in her lungs with his tainted funk. Her hand slid up to touch it, jerking the length up to grow it to full mast. Up close, she could experience the view one hundred percent, watching the tip eventually pass her eyes and stretch on to the side of her head. She rested her cheek against it, feeling the newfound heat it transferred to her. A throat clear reminded her of her mission, getting her to shuffle back before she distracted herself with its trance once more. She stared down the barrel of his urethra, taking one last sniff before putting it near her mouth. Lavender, she thought as her tongue came out, licking the tip until it had a healthy head of saliva. The first drop of pre made it's entrance, and she was more than happy to collect on her tongue. She had heard that pre was salty, but to her, it tasted more like sweet cinnamon.She needed more of it. Just to confirm... she convinced herself. She gave more licks down the line of the cock, making sure to cover every inch in her saliva. Her efforts were rewarded with another drop, and another glorious taste of the ambrosia. The balls were next, and her gift was another chance.It was making her tingle now. A pleasure high that came in waves and left unless she kept going. Before she knew it, she had the tip inside her mouth, doing more and more to get the same buzz near her nethers. She held the cock still while licking all around it, hooking herself on its taste and smell. When she came out of another daydream later, she found quite a bit in her mouth, rolling the first two inches around. The head poked in one cheek and appeared poking in the next, spreading its globs of pre around her mouth pussy. Her glands went into overdrive, giving the cock a bath of saliva each time she held her breath for more. She heard a pleasured sigh from above, followed by a heavier dose of the addictive taste.More...More… it was becoming her mind and body. She was merely a villager, coming to the ever-giving tap to pump more pre out to quench her thirst. More and more of his length went into his mouth, being greeted by a welcoming party of saliva and a bumpy appendage. Her eyes widened when it touched the back of her throat, but she had already done this before. She wasn’t prepared then, but now this was her second chance. She had enough experience to go beyond her mouth, and drink his dick down for real. She could feel the skin in her throat stretching as she slid down further his length. She no longer tasted the cinnamon ambrosia, but it made her body tingle all the same. Her mind felt trippy, shutting down anything she thought about, except to suck for dear life. The moans and little twitches of pleasure from him were her command, rubbing her shoulders and coaxing her on like angels from heaven, or pandemonium.Another groan came, but this time it meant a lot more than the steady stream of pre that he was providing. Mortoii clenched his pen as his tip expanded, letting ropes of cum shoot down and soak her throat. She pulled back up to catch the tail end of his orgasm in his mouth, using her tongue to lick the tip more. His orgasm unfortunately ended, but his cock was still as lively as ever. Her mouth had gotten a hearty dollop of cum, which she swirled around her tongue before swallowing down. It was no time to savor anything. Not that she would need to; she had all the time in the world to milk more semen out of him….Time disappeared while she sucked cock. If she wasn’t tuned in on the taste, she was pressing her nose against the base, getting up close and personal with his inguinal while reaching her tongue for the balls. The sun had gone down, and the moon had come up. Suddenly, the cock started leaving her mouth, no, being pulled out of her mouth, along with the skirt that hid his view of the action. She strengthened her suction and licked one last time, getting a hosing down of cum that fell into her hair and dripped down her face.“Phooy, and here I thought tying up your hair wouldn't change much this time~” Mortoii said, looking at the slut of a college student holding her mouth open for the last drops of semen. His tail pushed Leana’s cheek, turning her head towards the window toward their room. She could see the sparse clouds that dotted the night sky, and the moonlight striking all the townhouses and streets. She turned her head towards the bed, where a finished section worth of notes and a closed textbook laid in perfect condition. “Well then, thank you for your service~” Mortoii said as if they had just finished a business deal. He hopped off the bed and started walking out until Leana suddenly grabbed his arm.“What?” Both of them said simultaneously. Why am I doing this? Leana wondered. Without a penis constantly in her face, she had gotten her brain back, yet her body still felt like it was missing a piece to bring her over the mountain. She looked towards his face for an answer, seeing him just as confused before he came to a realization. His mouth curled into a devious grin. He pushed her back onto the bed and flipped her over, pulling down her pants. Sure enough, her panties were thoroughly damp with her cum, with tendrils of the substance webbing up the view. “You poor thing! Why didn’t you just tell me that you weren’t satisfied?” Mortoii said, pulling down his lower clothing so his member was unobstructed.“I...I…” truth be told, she didn’t know. She had been cumming a quarter as much as she had made him cum, but she was so into it that she had completely ignored her body’s needs. “Well, we can’t leave you like this, now can we?” Mortoii said, aiming his lubed-up member near her pucker once more. In one thrust, he had sunk the entire thing in, making her moan like a wanton whore. She instantly climaxed in the face of it; the result of hours' worth of constant arousal. He watched her squirm and twitch while her pussy dribbled out cum, making a mess of the bed and the floor below her. Her chest heaved, getting the first breath-fulls of fresh air in a long, long time.She could feel his hand slowly curl around her shoulder. Mortoii licked her lips before starting his thrusting back up again, holding her still while he raked her asshole like a lockpicker. He could feel her ass pressing down on his cock, kissing it from every angle while thrusting into it. It was more of a hole he could love; a hole that had been shaped and molded by him, a perfect onahole for him to empty his bowels into. His pace picked up as he got into it, the lust from her body rubbing off on his own. He changed handholds, gripping her waist while pounding her ass with all his might. Her tongue laid on the bed; it was too much work for her to put it back in, less it came out again from the fuck barrage he unleashed on her. Both of them felt their orgasms rising, mutually pleasuring each other to the point where they were on the cusp of an orgasm.“Fuck!~”“Ahhhh!~”They both moaned as they sunk his length into her depths, letting one last climax off inside her. His ass and legs clenched as pushed downward, determined to push his cock tip farther and farther until he was unloading directly into her colon.“There…” the imp sighed, pulling his cock out of her asshole and backing up. Her anus was left slightly agape, with cum slowly oozing out to drip down her thighs and into her pants. Leana was left completely out of it, dazed and mumbling incomprehensibly. “That should do it for now,” he said, his balls empty and his member now as limp as when they first started. He turned and started to head for the bathroom, but turned one last time. Leana had slid off the bed, turned to him and weakly held out hands for him to come back. “Really? Fine, come on,” Mortoii said, picking her up effortlessly and carrying her in his arms.“Ahhhh….”“I know, you’re a bit light in the head aren’t you…”“Aiyahhh….”“I felt good too~”
  Thanksgiving Weekend…
“And that’s how I met Girina!” Brad said, patting the hooded redhead in a full-body coat. He had been telling the story of how they met everyone at the dinner table, which was full of delicious food for everyone to enjoy. Girina was dressed cozy, with fuzzy gloves that gripped the cup of cocoa in her hand. The lower part of her boots was visible under her coat, and a scarf lazily hung from her shoulders. She didn’t react when he patted him, continuing to sip the drink down. “She is a bit expressionless, but I think we have a real connection.”“Doesn’t she look like Mortoii?” Damien asked, noting the same feeling from her orange eyes. “Actually, isn’t Mortoii a boy?”“O.M.G, he’s right. Is that a…” Becky started, about to start laughing with a mouthful.“What?” Brad asked. “But she looks so much like a woman!”“Just like Mortoii,” Damien said.“But her eyes are beautiful…”“Just like Mortoii gosh darnit!” Kaiden said.“But she isn’t a monster boy,” Brad concluded. “No extra parts. Now how can you argue against that?” Girina put down her cup, grabbing Brad’s hand and putting it on her hood.“What? But…” Brad, in disbelief, pulled it down. Sure enough, two red horns protruded out forward, it's base covered by thick strands of red hair. “What, did you lie about your name too?”“Yes actually, it is Girin. I apologize,” he stated, going back to his cup of cocoa. The three others laughed their lungs out, being careful not to end up spilling the food. “Guess I’m the butt of the joke now...where’s Leana anyways?” Brad wondered.“Ha, ooh, I’m gonna cry…” Becky said, wiping her eyes clean. “I don’t know, she’s probably just studying or something…”“It is a good thing you prioritize education. Means that they wouldn’t suspect a thing," Mortoii said, finishing up his illusion of Leana studying behind the closed door. “Just a little insurance to ward off any curious eyes, isn’t that right Leana?~” He turned around to his mate, who was hogged tied on a very large purple and gold porcelain plate. She laid on her front; her legs were up and held up by ropes that were tied to her ankles and wrists. Her waist had been strapped down to the plate with more bundles of rope, and her mouth was gagged with corruption fruit; one inside, and one firmly pushed onto her teeth. Closing meant breaking the fruit against her teeth, and letting them fall out...well, there was already one more thing to plug her mouth~“At first I thought the trip to my homeworld would be in vain, but this alone makes it worth it~” Mortoii said, walking around the bed to inspect her. She saw him lean forward, looking right into her eyes. “Mmmmf!”“Whatever do you mean?~” Mortoii asked. “You agreed to this after all. To think, I can spend a whole weekend and change with you, tied up and gagged with aphrodisiac…:” He took a suspended hop over her to the closet, opening the door to a box that had been stashed in the recesses of her closet. He popped open the lid and carried it out, revealing sex toys and objects that have been covered in gold and designed like art. “...I never knew you were an enthusiast for bondage.”“Mmmf!” Mortoii nodded as if he understood what Leana was saying. “That’s right Leana, you probably do regret it a bit. So why don’t we get out of that mindset~” He took a dildo of the box, pressing against her pussy. “And a one, and a two, and a-”A loud scream came from upstairs, sounding through the flooring down to the kitchen. “Is she watching a horror movie?” Becky wondered, eating her bowl of mac and cheese. “She should really turn it down.”“Oh no, I think I know this one,” Girin said. “If I recall, there should be another scream right about….” More screaming came from upstairs right on cue. “Well then.”“Is this one Nightmare on Elm street?” Brad asked.“What’s Nightmare on Elm street?”
  The Week before Finals….
Leana sat before Mortoii, naked and with a bunch of writing in sharpie all over her body. Everyone was out of the house, so she and Mortoii were out in the living room. She sat criss-cross, both holes stuffed with dildos while the imp stood lording above her. Behind him was a whiteboard, filled to the brim with questions from her classes. “Now, then, I hope you have prepared yourself well today.”“I have! Ask me a question already!~” Leana said, leaking pussy juices all over the floor in front of her. Mortoii nodded and quizzed on everything on the board, writing checkmarks each time she gave the correct letter. Whenever she got one wrong, he would turn on the dildos inside her, reminding her of the correct answer while she mewled like the pussy she was. It was a long agonizing half-hour, but soon enough, the board had run out of questions to keep Leana away from her prize. “That was better. You only missed a few across the board,” Mortoii said, ruffling Leana’s hair. She nuzzled vigorously and grabbed the hand, lewdly sliding her tongue against one of the fingers. “Oh right, your reward~” Mortoii lifted his skirt, showing the erection he had been keeping under his pantyhose. “Come and get it~”She went up and pressed him against the whiteboard, getting a chuckle out of him as she practically tore the skirt off him. His cock sprung out, oozing the refreshing beverage she craved for so much. She enveloped his member in an instant, his shaft disappearing down the black hole that was her throat. Mortoii hunched over, suppressing his urge to facefuck her while she gave him the oral of his (and her) life. His hand shook as she took it down the throat over and over, brushing her hair down like the coat on a cat. He came rather quickly shooting his spunk into Leana’s gullet. The girl, who before could barely stick a finger down her throat without her gag reflex kicking in, looked up at him with heart eyes as she effortlessly drank everything that came out of his urethra. He looked back down, with weary and satisfied eyes that had been caught off guard the moment her lips closed around his shaft. "If I didn't know any better, I would have suspected you were a succubus~" He said, feeling his cock ache for the very first time as it struggled to get up inside her mouth pussy. "You certainly emptied me like one, mother of the demon lord..."Ding dong. The bell of the door rang, interrupting their moment of tranquility. “You should answer that,” Mortoii advised, going invisible. Leana ran upstairs and put on a dress that seemed to cover all the graffiti on her thighs, wiped her mouth, then went to answer the door. “Oh, it’s the mailman,” she said. “Don’t mind the graffiti Larry, it’s just uhh…”“Oh no I get it,” Larry said through his handlebar mustache. “Daughter loves the marker. Just gotta look back on childhood memories right?” He said, also seeing the blush on her face. “Hey, are you…”“Fever? No, no, I was just uh-aii!” Leana said, getting cut off by a grab of her ass. “I was just….”“Oh! No need to tell me! You have an itch that wouldn’t bug you either?” Larry said, chuckling. She always thought he sounded like what a guy would sound like in those old 1900s silent films.“I guess you could say that…” she said, her toes curling when she felt a tongue sliding across her labia.“Well then, there must be a bad itch!” Larry said, setting the box down. “Well, here’s your delivery. Bad dragon aye?”“Why did you r-read the title?” Leana’s eye twitched haphazardly, reacting to all the teasing Mortoii was doing to her. If only he will leave!…..“You do realize it’s there in giant letters and the logo. My wife gets em all the time! Makes for some fun nights. First time we bought a box, we didn't realize they left the logo on too! Been choosing the anonymous option ever since. Hehe...you do anything with them?”“J-just things!” Leana said, shrieking when an invisible cock suddenly thrusted up her ass. Both dildos fell out, landing with wet plaps on the ground. Larry looked at it wide-eyed, a blush coming on that not even that manly and luxurious handlebar stash couldn’t hide. “Oh, well...you, I'll, uhh…”“I’ll sign!” Leana cried. Larry nodded and fumbled the rest of the mail out, handing the tablet to her to sign. Leana signed the best that she could, but that was a lot to ask for when there was a rigid pole spearing her insides. “Thank you again and I’m sorry!” Larry the mailman said, hurrying back to his delivery van while Leana finally collapsed on the ground. “L-let me close the door...p-please…” she moaned and begged, drooling saliva onto the pavement outside the entrance, but Mortoii was already balls deep inside her. She stared out into the street, praying no one was watching her. Her nethers grew hot with another orgasm, while he prepared to unload yet another shot of cum down her pucker…
  The final day…
Leana had been holding in her lust the entire day. It was the last day of classes, but all the fucking she and Mortoii had been doing had left her eternally horny. She swore the entire class could smell her. They could smell the lust that overpowered any amount of perfume that she drowned her skin in. The self-consciousness was eating away at her, and making her aroused…“And lastly, before I let you all go,” went her new professor. The last one had been gone for ‘reasons’ so a new one has been subbed in for the rest of the semester. All the better too, since it meant an easier class. “I just want to let you know that all your grades are in now. If you have any questions, you know Mr. Zalaski’s office hours...which are now my office hours. You also know my email, and the department's information when one of you inevitably forgets when mine end and you realize you had a zero on a missing homework assignment. With that, have a great Christmas!”Uncharacteristically, Leana was the first one out. She hurried down the steps of the building and burst out through the double doors, clutching her belongings as she ran to the bus stop. She had a mile and a half of campus walkways to cover, but if she made it before the clock struck 2 pm, she could catch the earliest bus home. She checked her phone, seeing that it was 1:52. She had 8 minutes.She couldn’t get there soon enough. Her chest heaved and her body wanted to give up, but she willed herself forward with each step. She turned a corner, and there it was, a straight shot to the bus stop. 6 minutes had elapsed, and she still had the final stretch to cover. She needed to get on the bus. She needed to get home. Home was where cock was, home was Mortoii!Her mind swirled with lewd machinations as she kicked it into one last overdrive, still keeping hold of her stuff like a lion’s maw on a captured zebra. The bus appeared, but she didn’t give up. She waved her hand and signaled the bus to hold one while running full speed at it. The bus driver seemed to notice, but she didn’t slow down until she was within jumping distance through the door. Only then did she relent and hop up the steps, showing the bus driver her bus pass then collapsing onto her seat.She dragged herself off the bus once it arrived at her neighborhood, marching up to the door with every step that her burning lungs would muster. She had a long time before anyone would come home, and even longer if Becky had a party or two to pull out of her ass. She was all alone, and she knew it.One last burst of energy propelled her up the stairs, slamming the door open to the imp that lazed about on her bed. He jerked his head toward her, not expecting her, nor anyone to come this early. “Hello Cutie. You are certainly home early,” he commented, sitting up. He could see the lust on her panting face, the arousal that she had been building up ever since she stepped out the door from her classroom. Her panting got heavier as she finally let go of her feelings, placing her hand over the navel of her pussy. “It burns…” she uttered. “It burns so much…”“Is it already your winter break?” He checked the calendar, seeing the line of x’s stop at the 15th. “Oh, it is! After the last week, it all started to meld together.” She approached him with grabby hands, being stopped by his tail before she could get within range of his waist. “Oh no, not today~”“But-”“Heel~” the Imp said. Leana got down on her knees, feeling his foot press down on her forehead.“I’ll lick your foot if I have to! I’ve been horny the entire time, just please fuck me into the bed!~”“....No.” He said with a toothy grin. Leana’s eyes narrowed in disbelief, not knowing where he was getting at. “Come on! I said I wanted you to fuck me!~”“And I said No. It wouldn’t work anymore,” Mortoii said. “We’re beyond what simple coitus could satisfy.” Leana tilted her head, her mouth making a weird frown. “What?”“Haven’t you noticed that we have been going for longer?” Mortoii said. “Before, you would be lucky to last an hour. But now, I have to pull you off me before you miss vital hours of sleep.”“You don’t have to pull me off you! I just….get into it,” Leana said, her eyes darting away out of shame.“I’m not calling you a slut Leana. This is a normal part of being with a monster for so long, be it a boy or girl. It is because of this that I have one last proposal. One that benefits the both of us.” Mortoii closed his eyes and took a deep breath, still holding Leana down with his leg. “I want us to marry.”“WHAT? I’m in college!?”“And you won’t be able to get through college if we stay like this. You need something stronger, something that will be able to satisfy you before you become eternally insatiable.”“Oh no, oh no no.” Leana started scooting away, ending up against the wall while her hands covered her cunt. Contrary to her, her pussy seemed to be oozing, already wet in preparation for a real cock to go through. “I’m saving this for-”“Someone special? And what would you call the last three months?” Mortoii said. Leana blushed and sighed. “C-can we at least use rubber?”“It will not satisfy you either if we cannot be truly connected.”“Bullshit!”“I didn’t ask for this anatomy, our Demon Lord did,” he said, going over to sit down beside her. “Why are you worried? Isn’t pregnancy a beautiful thing?”“I….I’m just afraid.”“Of marriage or impregnation?”“In general.” She rested her head against his, being careful not to hurt something on his horns. “I’m just…I never thought about it until now. I always thought I was gonna be a Botanist...but now I’m hitching myself with a monster boy...wow, that sentence will probably never be repeated again.” Mortoii chuckled, pulling himself and her upward. “So afraid of the future then?”
  Nod Nod.
"You will never have to stop your livelihood completely. Not unless you wanted to. Because I’ll be there for every step of the way, as a husband.”“Well…”“Come on, you’re never going to say yes on your own unless I pin you down, no?” Leana nodding was all he needed. He laid her down on their bed and climbed over him, taking his seat down on her face. Leana, smushed under the musk from his balls, felt her loins erupt all over again. She pushed the panties off the cock, getting him ready while he gave her head on her pussy. Her pants and undergarments have been tossed to the corner, leaving an erect bean to lick and pinch between his gums. His fingers sunk inside her pussy, getting a nice coating by the time he pulled them out. “You have gotten so wet over time…”“Mmmph-” she answered back, occupied with the cock in her mouth. She held it like a dog would hold a stick, sliding herself down and back up the shaft before taking it back inside her mouth. He smiled and pulled away, drops of lube falling back down as it rose away from her mouth. He did a 180 on top of her, becoming face to face with his soon-to-be wife. She nervously chuckled while his tip rubbed her pussy, leaking pre all over her labia. His tail wrapped around her leg, chaining them together in sex and marriage.“I love you~” Mortoii said with steam, wiggling his tip against her pussy. Her mouth moved to say the three words back but was slowly made into a cooing ‘o’ as her folds were finally parted by his hot rod. He came across a particularly tight bit early on, slowly putting more force against his push until jumped forward, sinking halfway into her pussy. Leana moaned, the pleasure at her core spreading to her extremities. “I don’t think I heard that,” Mortoii said, sinking his length farther now that her virginity was taken. The uneven surfaces were even better in here than her pucker, aided by the constant fem-juices that steamed off his cock. “May you repeat that?~”“I-I lo-” his lips closed around hers before she could finish, tasting the mouth that had treated his genitals with so much love. Their tongues mashed and swapped saliva, Leana holding his waist down to her front while his tail coiled harder into her modest thighs. It left little room for his cock to move, but it was all the better; he could enjoy the slow squeezing of her pussy, and relax himself in the slow and lewd massage that his shaft got. His hands reached up to fondle her breasts, squeezing moans out of her each time she groped a titty. His hips started moving once he had had enough, making a wet plap each time their crotches met. He pulled his lips away, getting a feisty bite from her before his tongue could retreat back to his mouth. “Kinky~”“Thank you, Mortoii~”“Leana, you can call me your husband~” he assured, ramping his thrusts up. His cock was getting closer to her cervix with each hump, spreading around pre that intermingled with her secretions and made them both sensitive. Her head sat against the bed, huffing each breath as her orgasm welled up inside her. Her pussy squeezed tighter around his cock, squelching and squirting out sexual fluids against around his cock and their waists.“Mor….Hu-husband, I’m about to, aii!” Mortoii pulled out, lifting her legs and folding them over her body. He came back down in a rapid mating press, gritting his teeth as he pounded every inch of her pussy. Leana could only moan louder; any leverage she had was taken away in an instant, made to be a woman that could only stare and watch as his balls prepared the first load to defile her womb. Her eyes felt like they wanted to roll back, with her pussy clenching and spasming from the jolts that went up her spine.“Take it….and bare my children!~” Mortoii yelled, pressing into her pussy one last time. He pushed through her pussy, finally hitting her cervix. His climax now had an undisturbed journey into her womb, hot ropes of cum spraying her uterus for the first time. It was too much for Leana to bear, cumming hard while femcum dripped and squirted out onto their crotches. His eyes were stuck looking up, her entire body paralyzed while spunk filled her womb hole. It overflowed farther into her reproductive organs, before overflowing out and littering the bed with the final evidence of their newfound love that was months in the making.His cock spurted one last glob of semen before he collapsed on top of her, exchanging kisses one last time. “I was teasing before...but I’ll let you talk now~” he said, out of breath. Leana was worse off; yelling and moaning for a while had left her light-headed, and twitching at the slightest movement inside her snatch. “I...I love you~”“I love you too~”They later sat huddled up together, cozy and sharing a blanket while watching the food network. Mortoii had made some ramen, Leana making a 'mmm' sound every time she took a bite of the egg. “I see what you mean,” Leana said, sniffing her armpit again.“About the recipe?”“No, about the sex. It really did take all the lust away, although I feel full...and dirty.” She she put down her bowl and looked down at her crotch, pinching the skin where her womb was when she saw a weird-looking tattoo on her navel. It was a purple thorny vine that took the shape of a heart, complete with a set of cute-looking horns and wings. She felt a warmth spread through her each time she poked and rubbed it, eliciting a sigh. She wondered if she ovulating, or something else weird, but that was a question for later.“Oh, you’ll get used to it. I’ll be giving you cum almost daily,” Mortoii said, taking a chance to get to check out her womb tattoo as well. He smiled, loving how she got more docile and calm each time he poked the center. “Your mark came in nicely~”“Mark?”“The symbol of our marriage. I might have given you a bite or two,” he admitted. Leana brushed away her hair, feeling bite marks and hickeys on her neck.“Two would be an understatement…”“As long as we’re together, it will keep you a fine broodmother,” he said. The word sounded so appealing to her now, popping out babies for her imp husband...that was probably the womb tattoo talking. She looked back at the tv, rewrapping the blanket around them. “So, cooking…”“You know when I said that we couldn’t use protection?” Mortoii interjected.
  “......Did you lie?”
“Of course not. I wanted to clarify; we could have tried it, but it would just prolong the lust gathering inside you. And demonic energy.”“What?”“I will explain mana later. But yes, cooking, we were watching that.”“Yeah….hey.”“Yes?”It’s meh. Can we watch Battlebots?”“No, this is a perfectly nice and serene channel to cuddle to," Mortoii said, staring at Leana offended.“But it’s Tuesday and Tombstone is on right now battling. I made a Christmas bet with some classmates...”“Who is this 'Tombstone'?”
  