
    Chapter Text
    
  “3, 2, 1, Go!”

  The loud bang of the starting pistol rang in my ears, as I pushed myself off the cracked concrete. I kept my balance with trained ease, as I flew over the 100 m track towards the goal. I loved running, and it was the best thing I could do to keep my mind off what was to come. Running helped me relax, and the cold wind brushing past my arms and legs felt incredible. The heavy footsteps of George echoed through my head, as he tried his best to keep up. The teacher, holding her rusty stopwatch, counted our times and quickly scrawled them down.

  “First place: Sam Dylan. 11.3 seconds! Second place: George Marrow. 11.7 seconds! Third place…”

  I took a deep breath, as the teacher read the list. I was the fastest once again, but George kept getting closer. The muscular Jock flashed me the usual, malicious grin.

  “Not bad, Sammy! What are you running from, eh? Scared of who is going to visit you tonight?”

  I scowled at him for reminding me. It had been years since the Mamono came, and they quickly integrated themselves into our world. Their rather aggressive and forward way of husband-hunting forced us all into a compromise. In order to avoid getting grabbed prematurely, Mamono priests put a charm on newborn humans to keep them safe from the hands of overeager Mamono and the effects of Demonic Mana. This charm was the best way to keep human tradition and laws, but allow the Mamono to do what they were best at. A charm that would hold for exactly 18 years. I started to sweat in fear, thinking of all the gazes I caught on the street today. They knew, and if a Manticore wanted to have me tonight, there was nothing stopping her from doing so. My 18th birthday drew closer and closer, and I hoped that I would at least get a nice girlfriend out of it. 

“Are you bullying Sam again, dear?”
A big, black paw slapped the Jock over the head, almost making him lose his balance.
“Hey, babe! I was just…. Congratulating him on his win! Yea, that!”
“Mornin’ Saskia. Yes he did.”
I hated lying to the towering hellhound, but I knew that I would find myself suspended by my shorts in the locker-rooms again, if I ratted him out.
“Well… If that’s the case….”
She turned over to the intimidated Jock, before patting him on the head.
“Good boy! Sorry if I hurt you, sweetie.”
George turned red like a tomato, and I could hear giggles all around us. I kept silent for my safety, but it took all of my willpower to not mock him for her treatment. Saskia smiled at me.
“It’s your 18th birthday tomorrow ain’t it? The girls are squabbling over you already. I wonder who gets to you first.”
Her eyes began to burn a crimson red, and I knew that I had a problem. Saskia was the leader of the local delinquents, and if they took an interest in me, I would be in for a rough time. I shook my head, to free my mind of all the possibilities that could unfold tonight.
“Thanks for the warning Sas.”
Her wicked grin told me everything I needed to know. I was figuratively, and literally, fucked. And there was nothing I could do about it. 

  Sighing in defeat, I dragged my ass up into the classroom. The rest of the school-day was kinda boring, apart from the various, longing stares, I got from the girls. Even a flock of harpies from a nearby school had decided to land on the trees outside the window to watch me. I shuddered on my way home, the piercing gazes of the flock following me all the way. In a flight of paranoia, I began to block the door and windows until I was drenched head to toe, breathing heavily. Satisfied with my work, I took a shower and made myself some dinner.

  All of a sudden, it struck me. Maybe they wouldn’t go after me, if I had nothing for them to get? With a grin, I went up to my bedroom before turning on my PC. I would just have to get the excess energy out of my system right? I worked heavily in preparation of the inevitable, peaking at least 8 times in one hour until my hand began to go numb. Something felt off, wasn’t I bigger before? Or was I overcompensating? Drained, I staggered over to the bed, slumping into the warm and soft sheets. Strange… Wasn’t it smaller last night? My head was ringing with a searing migraine, and I couldn’t think straight anymore. 


  What was happening to..? My head felt like it had a meeting with a jackhammer as I rolled my tired ass out of the bed. I felt incredibly light, but my head weighed heavy on my shoulders. Confused, I checked every corner of the room for a waiting Mamono. Had none come? Did they leave me alone? I wasn’t sure what happened, but I couldn’t complain. I stretched myself, letting out a drawn out yawn, that wasn’t my own. Groggily, I stomped over to the bathroom to get myself ready for school. Reaching for the handle, I stopped and stared in silence. My hand had atrophied overnight, and turned skinny and petite. Even the door looked larger than before. My mind combed through everything I learned at school, trying to find a reason for all of this. Then, my jaw dropped. 


  “No. No! No! NO!” I started to scream in frustration, my voice pitched way higher than it’s supposed to. I slammed open the door, and stormed over to the large mirror over the sink. The first thing I saw were two curved horns framing my face…. My face, way too soft and feminine to be that of a boy. I screamed in terror, as I dropped to the floor. Anxiety and fear wrecked my brain, as I realized what had happened. Of all the things that could have happened to me last night, I had to turn into an Alp.


  I knew that Demonic Energy had effects on a human’s physique, making men more durable, strong and enduring, while turning women into Mamono. I couldn’t have imagined for myself to turn into an Alp… I never had any interest in men, and I don’t think I ever could or will. Changes like this were permanent though. I knew that, but I wished for it to be just a bad dream. Luckily, I was not expected to go back to school for 3 days, so I had some time to come to terms with my new condition. I laid like this for what felt like hours, as my tantrum slowly ebbed out. 


  If this is going to be me now, I have to make the best of it, I guess. Fearing what I would find, but inclined to explore my new body, I slowly snaked my hand down into my pants. A soft moan escaped my lips as my hand brushed against what my member used to be. The newfound sensations of pleasure I felt, caused me to gasp as I slipped my hand out again. I noticed that I had lost all the musculature that night, replaced by smooth skin. My chest had become slightly bigger, as my newly formed breasts puffed up slightly. I blushed when I realized my nipples now pressed through the fabric of my shirt. Not big enough to be considered an A-cup, but they were obvious with a closer look. At least, I don’t think I’ll need a bra. An exploratory squeeze made a small shiver run down my spine. I could always have been considered slender, so my new feminine charms changed little, besides the demonic ones anyway. To my dismay, I noticed my new, spade-tipped tail wrapping around my left leg. I could move it freely, but it felt so natural that I hadn’t even noticed it before. Carefully, I took the tip of the tail into my hand. As I made contact, electricity coursed through my body and I moaned in ecstasy. Unable to control these foreign feelings, I quickly dropped it again. My breath labored and my mind muddled, I wouldn’t forget these pleasures any time soon. Following the lithe tail up to my tailbone, I checked on my rear. It had turned fuller and more pronounced, but only barely. As I felt the soft flesh, I stopped in embarrassment when I realized my shorts had a wet spot on it. I slowly slipped them off, revealing a clean shaven, virgin womanhood beneath it. I would have thought it to be an incredibly hot sight, if it wasn’t my own. Pushing these lewd thoughts aside, I quickly put on a new pair.


  Sighing heavily, I trudged back into my bedroom to see what I could wear now. Many of my outfits wouldn’t work well with my new condition except maybe the dozens of hoodies lining my closet. If I pulled it down far enough and pulled the hood over, I could hide my new form, at least for a time. I picked a simple, black one and a white shirt from the rack and quickly put them on. The hoodie now reached almost to my knees, and the sleeves hid my hands entirely. Turning around, I checked if my tail and rear were completely covered. I smiled a little. If somebody wasn’t looking too hard, they wouldn’t be able to tell. I slipped into a pair of Jeans, just to blush involuntarily at the side effects of my transformation. My pants were now hugging my features like a second skin, leaving nothing to the imagination. I would have to get some new clothes soon, but this had to work for now. The transformation had left me famished, leading me to the kitchen. Preparing to make myself a bowl of cereal, I reached for the box. I let out a sigh when I found it just out of reach. “Just perfect, isn’t it?”, I groaned. If I had to climb on a chair just to get breakfast, I would have to renovate eventually. 


  My mind raced with all of the horrible scenarios that I may have to deal with in the future. What would George say? I had to clear my head, and a nice morning jog would be just what I needed. I grabbed my phone and went to head outside only to be faced with my dresser that I had pushed against the door. It took me almost half an hour to push it aside, pouring every ounce of energy I had into the stubborn furniture. My breath was more labored than when I had put it in place the night before, and I was now certain that my body had weakened considerably . Yesterday, it took me less than 10 minutes to move. Not wanting to dwell on it for too long, I slowly left my apartment. I peeked under the cover of my hoodie, hoping I wouldn’t meet anyone. 


  I quickly fell into the rhythm, jogging through town at the highest speed I had ever reached. My strength may have lessened, but my stamina and speed had increased considerably. The air flowing past my petite form helped me calm down, as I desperately tried to find a way to make all of this work. Falling into a familiar routine, I was on autopilot while trying to come to terms with my new life. I turned at the next corner, consumed in my thoughts. What will the others say? 
  
    SLAM
  


  “Ughh! Watch out where you are going! Are you alright..? Wait… Sam?”

  The irony was not lost on me as I recognized who I ran into. My eyes widened as my anxiety and fear caught up to me. Thinking about what my transformation will bring, I managed to run headfirst into George and the rest of the football team, as they followed their morning routine. I quickly jumped to my feet, dusting myself off. I nodded at him and was just about to continue walking as he grabbed me by the shoulder.

  “Stop right there, little guy. How are you up already? Saskia kept me locked down for almost a week! Nobody came for you, huh?”
The entire group began to chuckle until I batted his hand away.

  “Feisty again, aren’t we? Saskia isn’t here to save you this time. Now tell me. How was it? All alone at home?”
I glared up at him, just enough for him to see the outline of my horns in the shadow. My nails dug deeply into his arm, longer and sharper than before.

  “Fuck off.”
Without another word I bolted, trying to get as much distance between him and me as possible. 

“Oho! A sissy are we? Boys! Look at the poor fucker! He got alped! Should I introduce you to the quarterbacks? Maybe one of em’ catches your eye! Come here.” I booked it as hard as I could, leaving George and his entourage behind. He would catch up, I knew that, but it was the only thing I could think of.
“Oh boy! She’s fast!”
I was gaining ground, surprised at the inhuman speed I maintained. I was good at sprints, but I wouldn’t be able to keep this up forever.
“Why are you runnin’? Are you scared, girly?”
The laughs behind me grew closer, and I pushed as hard as I could.
“WHAT THE FUCK DO YOU THINK YOU’RE DOING!?”
The telltale roaring of an angry Hellhound echoed through the streets, and I knew that I was safe for now.
“If you don’t leave that poor girl alone, maybe I’ll start introducing CBT to the bedroom. As for the rest of you, if I see that sort of shit again, I will make sure you will drink through a straw! Have I made myself clear!?”
George gulped so heavily, that I could hear it from here and I loved it. Saskia kept scolding the group, seriously doubting their own manliness for stooping that low. I ran around the next corner, before leaning against the wall and listening to her stern speech. It was really reassuring that someone was on my side at least. I kept myself hidden until the commotion died down. I just wanted to go back home now. Carefully, I peeked around the corner.
“Are you alright, Sammy?”
I jumped back in shock, as I stood face to face with Saskia.
“I am so sorry about him, really. He’s still got a long way to go. I need to train him more.”
I couldn’t help but stutter.
“Th-thanks Sas! You w-were a lifesaver! Well… As you c-can see, I had a little m-mishap.”
She smiled at me, not nearly as malicious as yesterday. There was a hint of remorse shown on her face.
“It is how it is, I guess. Not much we can do about it. You are going to need some time to get adjusted, right? I don’t know if she can help you, but it’s worth giving it a shot!”
With her charcoal paw, she pulled a slip of paper out of her bag. It was a business card.
It read, “Veronica Halloway, Psychiatrist and Mamono support.”
“She runs a support group for Mamono downtown. She helped me a lot in the past, so maybe she can help you too.”
I took the card, thankful for all the help I could get.
“Um… Thanks, Sas. I’ll try and visit her soon. Maybe tomorrow?”
She smiled at me once again. It was warmer than any I’ve ever seen from her before. She put a paw on my shoulder and looked at me. “You don’t need to rush, alright? This must be a lot to handle right now. I’ll keep George off your back for now. He needs some harsher treatment anyway. I hope everything works out okay. I really do.” I gave her a hug, stunning her a little bit, before running past her, back home. These next months are going to be rough, but I had some hope things were gonna work out okay.
  
    Chapter Text
    Saskia seemed to genuinely care. I was very thankful for her support, but I was sure that the worst was yet to come. My legs were still shaky after the ordeal, but they still carried me to my destination. Meekly, I knocked at the door of the local administration building. I could be anyone right now and I'd rather clear up any misunderstandings before they appear.“Good morning, sir. I was hoping you could help me.”A tall, moustached man sat behind the counter, smiling down at me.“Of course, young lady! How can I help you?”I stood there in embarrassed silence as I searched my wallet, pulling out a card and placing it on the counter.“My ID might not be up to date anymore.”Confused, he stared at the picture and at my face over and over. Clearing his throat in discomfort, he found his words again.“So… uh... Miss Dylan, what would you like to change?”The way he addressed me stung in my mind. It felt wrong and yet something inside me, something that maybe wasn’t quite me yet, told me it was right.“I believe my new name should be... Sam…uh... Samantha. I would need to change my size and gender too though.”The clerk scratched his head at that.“I am afraid it won’t be that simple. You will need a new ID, Miss. By all laws and regulations, you are holding the Identification of a deceased person.” 
I had to fight back the tears as I agreed. It was like I had stopped existing, replaced by a demon who stole my name. Agonizing moments pass, as he took a photo for my new ID. Waiting for the completion of my new identity, I stared at the invalid card. Rest in peace, Samuel Dylan. While I was still being battered by an ungodly amount of conflicting feelings, the clerk returned. He held a purple ID in his hands, as it was customary for Mamono.“Welcome to our city, Samantha Dylan. I hope you have a pleasant stay.”The pass was smooth and rigid, bearing the face of the foreign demon I would have to live as from now on. It was oddly relieving in a way.“Thank you very much, sir. I appreciate the help. Have a nice day.”“Same to you, young lady.”With a dry throat, I left the building, ready to tackle my new life head on. That’s what I wanted to believe anyway.
On my way home, I passed a new store that had just opened today. The sign showed an intimidating looking Arachne, sewing a dress with her long, spindly legs. The vibrant colors of the exhibits drew me in, and I found myself inside the large shop. Dozens of shirts, dresses, skirts and jackets lined the walls of the room, designed for Human and Mamono alike. Taking a few careful looks through the racks and bins, I picked some comfy looking hoodies to try on. My old ones were too large anyway. Satisfied with the little collection, I went to buy them before returning home.“Hey sweetie! Are ya’ sure you wanna buy THAT?”Surprised, I spun around, facing a large woman. Her long, blond hair framed her tanned face as she inspected me intently.“I… Uh….”Behind her, three more girls peeked over her shoulder to take a closer look. One of them sported long and curved horns. Her surprised look told me anything I needed to know as she put a finger over her mouth, suggesting I stay silent. She knew. The tall girl smiled at me.“Come on! Ya soooo cute! Why hidin’? Ya never get a boyfriend like that!” My answer got stuck in my throat, as she pulled me back into the store.“Wait…. I...”I blushed crimson red as the gal pushed me down, the others snaking through the racks. As I saw what they picked, I only grew redder.“Why so shy? Ya sooooo cute! Show of a lil’! It’s gonna be worth it!”She started combing my hair, like I was some sort of dress-up doll… It was not unpleasant. I sighed in relief at the realization that I couldn’t get hard anymore. As we waited for the others to return, the first girl, sporting long, black hair and only marginally taller than me, presented a flowing, green and red dress. It looked really cute, but I never thought I would wear something like that myself. The girl then pushed me into the changing room.“Get into it! It’s gonna look awesome!”Knowing there was no way out of this, I had no choice than to play along, slipping into the dress. As I pulled off my shirt, I stopped for a second as I caught my breasts in the mirror. Even without much to back them up, they looked inviting and supple. I bit my lip as my hands cupped them on their own. It felt so dirty and wrong, but the sensations were almost too much to resist. Steeling my resolve, I released my hands to continue changing into the dress.
I looked like a doll in it, and the girls squealed in delight.“Sooo adorbs’! That’s what I’m talkin’ about!”The girls swooned over me, pushing and pulling the cloth in place, until they were satisfied.“Girls! Take a look at hi-her face. It’s clear she doesn’t like that one. Why not try something else?”, the horned girl questioned as the black-haired one pouted.“Whateva. Shaila, what did you get?”She pointed at the next girl, clad in a school uniform and shoulder-long red hair.“Let’s try this!”, she yelped while presenting a plain blouse and a skirt.It was light and felt good on my skin. It hugged my minute curves quite well, and felt like it was actually acceptable. The skirt on the other hand was completely out of the question. I felt almost naked in it, shifting uncomfortably as I feared someone would peek beneath it. I held the rim of the skirt down as I exited the changing room, flushing even harder than before. The girls were all over me once again, and I did my best to hide that I was wearing men's underwear.“I don’t think that's it either.”, the horned girl interjected again as her wings unfolded from her back, she was a succubus.“How about this?”She gave me a warm smile, winking at me as she handed me the last outfit.
Returning to the changing room, I took a look at the succubi’s choice. She seemed to understand my plight and chose something less overtly feminine. First, there was a plain black pair of ripped jeans. They were torn just enough to reveal my smooth legs but not enough for me to feel exposed. She had a good sense of proportion, as it fit me perfectly. Next, there was a red and black tank-top. It felt light and soft and covered my midsection while leaving my slender arms uncovered. I wasn’t sure if that is what I really wanted yet, but the last piece made me feel at ease. It was a light blue, denim jacket. The outfit felt not too far off from my old getup but feminine enough to not look out of place. It was perfect.“I really like this one! Thank you…. Uhhhh.”I felt a little bad for not having asked their names.“Jacqueline.”, the Succubus replied.“Call me Jacqueline.”Thanking the girls for their help, I left them to their own shopping. Jaqueline handed me a bag of similar clothing before leaving the store, beaming at me.“Make good use of them, sweetie. You’ll do just fine.”I was just about to leave the store for a second time when something caught my eye. Despite my conflicting feelings, I turned around. Something was still missing. Hesitantly, I strolled over to the underwear section. I felt so incredibly out of place between so many panties and bras, but I would have to make the choice sooner or later. My eyes wandered over to the lingerie and the more risque choices. How hot would I look in any of these..? Wait! What the fuck is wrong with me? Disgusted, I took a pack of plain white panties out of a bin and headed towards the counter. I passed the bras on the way, but I probably won’t need one for now. As I finally left the store, I let out an audible sigh. Having to play dress-up with those girls was taxing enough. I really didn’t want to deal with any more of this at the moment.
Arriving back home, I really wanted nothing but to relax, but I still had the mess from last night to fix. Putting all the furniture I had pushed in front of the windows back into place was quite a chore. My parents would be upset if they were not where they were supposed to be. Oh shit, my parents... I would have a lot to explain once they returned from overseas. Thinking about how I should deliver the news, I got distracted. Suddenly, an alluring scent filled my nose, and I felt like I absolutely needed to know what it was. Following the sweet fragrance, I arrived at… my bedroom. My nose had led me to the bin next to my pc. The tissues from yesterday… I think I’m gonna be sick. I started to sweat profusely as I tried to hold in my breakfast. Disgust and fear tried to overthrow the budding arousal inside me. Yet, confusion overshadowed all of it. What am I? What am I turning into? These newfound demonic instincts kept me in a state of uncertainty. Is this really what I am about to become? Can I live with this? Should I fight it? I didn't have any answers to all of these heavy questions in my head. I was certain, however, that I won't know for a while. Desperately trying to clear my head, I stepped into the shower.
The warm water just made it worse. Screaming internally to stop, I started to explore my chest in detail. My fingers brushed along every bit of my supple skin, and a mixture of moans and whimpers filled the bathroom. I felt terrible and yet ecstatic at the same time. Buckling under these incredible feelings of lust and guilt, my hands involuntarily began to squeeze. I wanted to stop. I wanted to clear my head, but these foreign sensations held me in a vice-grip. I felt my nipples harden against my palms as they softly caressed the little mounds of flesh with my fingers. My mind was turning blank as the pleasure increased bit by bit. This would be okay, right? I could just do what I desire? I just had to…. NO. Violently shaking, I pulled my hands off my body which had almost snaked down to my crotch. I couldn’t fall to this. Not yet. I turned one of the dials and let the cold water batter against my skin. It was uncomfortable but just what I needed to get a grip on myself. After about a minute, I think I had calmed down enough to leave the shower. Drying myself off, I slipped into another old hoodie. No use putting on more than I really needed to since I lived alone right now. I sorted out my new outfits in the dresser and went back down to the kitchen. The day had gone past surprisingly quickly. It was probably because Jacqueline and the other girls kept me busy for a while. Taking a deep breath, I turned on the oven. I would make myself some ratatouille tonight. Searching through the kitchen, I quickly collected everything I would need. Putting the vegetables aside, I heated some oil in a pan, quickly adding some onion, garlic and peppers. The rich aroma of the sizzling sauce pushed away the lingering scent that had occupied my nostrils. I added some tomatoes and let it stir while I prepared the rest. Picking up the vegetables, a blush creeped up onto my cheeks. Of all the things I could have cooked, I had to choose the one with squashes, zucchinis and fucking eggplants. Sighing heavily, I quickly cut them into thin slices, trying to steer my thoughts to the best of my ability. My now elongated nails did nothing to make the task any easier. I laid out what I thought to be a pretty pattern of veggies in a large pan before adding the sauce. The wonderful scent made my mouth water as I covered it with tinfoil.  It had to bake for about 40 minutes, so I chose to do some research before I dig into my dinner.Taking a seat at my PC, I started to search the internet. Why would I turn into an Alp in the first place?“Alps are incubi that, deep within their heart, strongly desired to become a woman or be with a man.”Bullshit! There’s no way in Hell. There had to be another reason!Wracking my brain with questions that I didn’t think I even wanted to know the answers to, I started to look up the support group Saskia recommended. Miss Halloway apparently specialized in helping freshly baked Mamono in accepting their new self. I wasn’t sure if it would be the right place, but it was the only thing I have. Exhausted, I cleaned the plate before slamming headfirst into the bedsheets, pulling my hoodie forwards and exposing my rear. The privacy of my own home alleviated any aversion I had to it. Maybe I should have felt improper or embarrassed, but I somehow felt content as I fell asleep.
My sleep was light and filled with more lewd imagery than I’d like to admit. These new feelings even followed me into my dreams. The dampness of the bed sheets made me think that sleeping with panties on might be a good idea. After a quick shower, I hesitated on whether or not to go through with this and pick up the phone. Contemplating my decision for a couple of minutes, I chose to call Miss Halloway. There were not many alternatives at the moment.“Good Morning! This is Veronica Halloway, psychiatrist and mamono support. How can I help you?”Her voice caught me off guard. It was smooth as silk and somewhat hypnotizing.“G-Good Morning. This is Sam… er.. S-Samantha Dylan. I would like to apply for the support group.”“Oh! A new arrival to the world of mamono? Luckily, the new group will start today. There will be 6 people there, including me and you. How does 4 o’clock sound?”I stole a glance at my phone, checking the time. It was only just past 10 AM. I was technically still out of commission after my 18th birthday, so I had no obligations any time soon.“T-That sounds good to me. I’ll be there.”“Alright, sweetie. Don’t feel pressured. This group is supposed to help you get used to your new life. Being a mamono comes with a lot of changes but benefits as well. Just you wait and see!”I laughed dryly. I haven’t even met her, and I was already starting to like her.“Thank you, I... really appreciate that. I’ll see you later.”“Bye!”As I hung up the phone, I felt a little relieved. Miss Halloway made me feel rather secure with just a couple of words. I think I'll be able to get through this after all.
  
    Chapter Text
    After calling Miss Halloway, I chose to use the time I had left before the meeting to whip up some food and catch up with my homework. Chewing through nonsensical algebra and pesto was surprisingly relaxing as the mind-melting stupidity kept my brain occupied. I never really liked studying, and I was happy that at least this hadn’t changed. Rubbing one of my horns in confusion, I tried to make sense of this mess as my tail swished back and forth in annoyance. There were better things I could occupy my time with. Like…. No, not now! I shook my head and continued to put my brain through the grater. Hours passed as I fought with my assignments, wishing I could just go back to bed already. It was almost 3 when I finally finished, having a little over an hour left before the meeting would start. Wearily, I took a lukewarm shower to prevent any mishaps, before trying out one of my new outfits.
The clothes still fit me like I remembered, tightly hugging my curves and accentuating my “assets”. With slowly growing confidence, I pulled up the jeans, just to hear a faint ripping sound. Looking down, I saw that a couple of the holes in the denim fabric had widened a little. I thought about taking another one but quickly decided to keep them on. It didn’t feel as bad as I thought when the cool air brushed against my legs. Taking a look in the mirror, I smiled a bit and put on my jacket before noticing that my hair had grown considerably. It reached just past my shoulders now. Was it like this yesterday already? Picking up one of mom’s hair brushes, I began to go through it. My horns got in the way a couple of times, but I quickly got used to them. I was seriously considering trying to braid them but quickly dismissed the thought. Oddly enough, something felt off. It was like something was missing, but I couldn't put my finger on what. The time was running short, so I put on some sneakers and left the house. I looked like a cute girl that prepared for a date…. And, somehow, I didn’t mind it as much as I thought I would.
The office was rather easy to find. The slate gray building reached up above the roofs of those adjacent to it. A large sign above the door read “Halloway Mamono Counselling.” Along the walls were various flyers and the like. There were ads for local restaurants, cafe’s, and cinemas,  a couple of motivational posters, and even some messages from previous patients of Miss Halloway that were thanking her for her help. Taking a closer look, I even noticed Saskia’s handwriting on one of them. The lights were still off, so I chose to look around for anyone that might belong to the group. Many people passed the establishment, and I caught a few sideways glances before I heard a girl screaming in the distance.“Let me go! I don’t want to go there! I’m sure it’s filthy!”Surprised, I turned around to see 3 mamono coming around the corner. Breathing heavily, a beelzebub and a vamp-mosquito carried a thrashing devil bug in their arms. They clearly looked exhausted, and the mosquito was pale as a sheet. Swallowing my anxiety, I took a few steps towards them.“Hey girls! Do you… uh... need some help?”I faltered mid sentence, not really sure if I could help at all.“Thanks, but I think we got it. Sis’ is a little feisty today.”, the beelzebub replied as she looked towards the devil bug that was still thrashing helplessly.The girl in question wore a protective mask over her mouth and tried her best to get the two girls to let her go.“Excuse me..? Is this the mamono support group?”, a meek voice called out from behind. A modestly clothed anubis stood behind me, cocking her head to the side.“That sounds about right. My name is S-Sam…a-... Samantha by the way.”I still fought with my new name, but I had to get used to it soon.“Nice to meet you.”, the anubis replied, “I’m Anna.”“Howdy. I'm Sierra.”The vamp-mosquito had a hoarse voice, like her throat was dry.“And these two are my sisters. That is Nadja, and the loud one is Mel.”“Lemme go, Goddamnit!”, the devil bug screeched as Anna flinched and covered her ears with her paws.“Ouch! Could you be a little quieter, please? My ears are killing me.”The sisters slowly lowered their grumpy sibling to the ground, making sure she wouldn’t run away. Before the smalltalk could pick up again, the creaking of the door drew our attention. 
Inside the doorframe stood a towering woman. A short tank-top tried to hide her large chest while still revealing supple, purple skin that eventually faded into the form of a massive, green snake. Her golden eyes, framed by jet-black hair immediately drew me in and I couldn't help but stare. She possessed a foreign beauty, that was just as hypnotizing as it was exciting.“Hello everyone! Welcome to my office. I am Veronica Halloway. You can call me Veronica. Please, come in!”She ushered us into the building, a large smile on her face. Anna took a deep bow, before entering. Sierra and Nadja had to drag Mel through the door, despite her flailing. I hadn’t moved an inch, still caught dumbstruck.“Are you coming in?”, she asked with a wide grin.Flustered, I quickly turned away, trying to hide my face, before hurrying inside. 
The large room felt incredibly cozy. Fluffy curtains covered the windows and large bean bag chairs were strewn all around. Everything was dyed in calming teals and light blues, relieving me from my negative emotions once again. Looking around, it felt almost magical in a way.“I will make some tea. Please, take a seat and make yourselves at home,” Veronica chimed before leaving through a door at the back of the room.While we found places to sit, Mel kept standing, oddly enough. The chairs were comfortable and soft. The entire room just seemed to take the weight off my shoulders. After a few minutes, Veronica returned, holding two trays. One of them held 5 cups of sweet smelling, red tea, while the other one was topped with an assortment of seemingly random items, as well as another cup by itself. She handed each one of us a cup, handing the singular one to Sierra. Mel crossed her arms and turned her head, refusing to take it.“Don’t worry, sweetie. I disinfected the entire office this morning.”She pulled a pack of tissues from the other tray, handing them over to Mel.“Here. Disinfectant hand wipes.”The devil bug gave an approving smile and carefully took a seat.
“Welcome to my support group. I hope you had no problems finding your way here? This place is a little secluded after all.”Veronica coiled her lower half and took a seat.“Why don’t we begin with introducing ourselves? I am Veronica. As you probably can see, I am an echidna and will be your host. I like talking and eating. A lot. But I am not so good at cooking myself. I was born an echidna and have lived in this city for 16 years. What about you?”She gestured for Sierra to continue.“I am Sierra. I am a vamp mosquito and turned together with my sisters last month. I like singing, and flying quickly turned into a new hobby of mine. I have problems with seeing blood, which is why I am here. How about you go next, sis’?”I noticed that her voice already had improved as she looked at the devil-bug sitting next to her.“I’m Mel. A ugh… devil bug. I love being clean and swimming, and I dislike any of this.”She frantically pointed at her carapace.“I really didn’t want to be a bug of all things. Especially not one so…. filthy… Your next Nadja.”“I am Nadja. Nice to meet you. I am an aspiring perfumer, but as you can seem I turned into a beelzebub. My nose is not what it used to be, and I keep smelling what I don’t want! I just want to continue doing my job...”She slumped back into her chair, sighing heavily. Next up was the shy anubis.“I’m Anna. I turned into an anubis a week ago. My hobbies are listening to music and reading. I always had good hearing, but my ears are so sensitive now that I keep flinching at the slightest sound.”Intently, the entire group was now staring at me. I knew that this was about to happen.
“You look like you turned into a succubus. What's your problem, girl? Afraid of dick or what?”, Mel quipped loudly before getting whacked on the back of her head by both of her sisters. How was I supposed to say this, any of it? My fear and confusion quickly bubbled up again, as I tried to formulate an answer. My fingers awkwardly tapped on the soft fabric of the chair.“I… I am S-Samantha. I turned two days ago and getting used to the tr-transformation. I-I like cooking and running and hate studying.”“Who doesn’t?”, the devil-bug interjected, earning herself another hit from her sisters.“I.. I have serious p-problems getting my body under c-control. All these feelings are n-new to me.”Tears began to swell up, but I quickly wiped them away. I didn’t want to humiliate myself at the moment.
After the introduction, Anna raised her voice.“If I may ask? Why do you not have yourself under control? From what I heard and how cute you are, wouldn’t you be able get a boyfriend easily?”I fought with myself, frantically trying to formulate an answer before Veronica did it for me.“It isn’t that easy I fear. I hope you don’t mind if I ask but…. You are an alp right?”I silently nodded as the girls looked between me and Veronica in confusion.“What’s an alp? Never heard that one before.”, the beelzebub inquired.“Well…. Alps are a rare kind of succubus. Sam over here had a wilder change then the rest of you. She….. used to be a boy."The girls just stared at me in shock. I buried my face in my hands and began to silently sob. I felt like shit, and I couldn’t hold it anymore. Moments later, I felt a sharp claw and a warm paw on my shoulders.“I’m sorry. I didn’t know. That must be hard, but that's what we are here for, right?”Anna and Mel smiled at me, trying their best to raise my mood and surprisingly, it worked. My tears dried just as quick as they appeared and I cleaned my face with my sleeve.“Thank you, girls.”
“That’s about what I had guessed. The first session is almost over already. But before that, I have some presents for you.”, Veronica exclaimed as she picked up the second tray. First, she took a little glass-bottle from it, handing it to Nadja.“This perfume should suppress the less favourable odors for a while. But please, don’t overdo it or you could seriously damage your nose.”Nadja jumped for joy.“Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! This is gonna help a lot.”Veronica turned towards Mel and pointed at the tissues that she gave her.“Wipe yourself with them regularly. They should keep any grime away. These are expensive, so don’t waste them!”Mel just stared at her, gratitude shimmering in her eyes. Anna was next. Veronica handed her a pair of slim earplugs.“Those are made for musicians. They should only dampen any sounds, not muddle them. Don’t keep them in for too long, or you might damage your ears.”Anna’s tail wagged like crazy, and she eagerly plugged them in.“What a relief. Thank you!”Turning over to Sierra, Veronica smiled at her.“You're looking better already! If you regularly drink the tea I gave you, your complexion should be the first thing to return.”A slight glance at the band-aid covering Veronica’s little finger, told me that it was anything but simple tea. Lastly, she held the tray in front of me. An assortment of candy was displayed on it. From drops and dragees to lollipops.“These are SE candies. These should calm your urges for a while. But please, don’t just munch on them when you feel like it. Ok?”I couldn't help but feel overjoyed as I took a look at the multicolored candy. These would hopefully help me on my journey ahead.“Remember girls. These solutions are only temporary and will provide relief only in the short term. Next week, we have to work on desensitizing you. I am certain you can get through this. If you need any extra help, feel free to call me. I'll help anytime.” 
Reluctantly, I pushed myself out of the chair. I wanted to stay here. Veronica's presence was incredibly soothing, and the thoughtful and confident way she presented herself, helped my own shattered confidence to recover. I knew that I had to leave eventually, however. With these foreign feelings and urges still churning inside me, I picked up a lollipop in an effort to silence them. The sweet flavour spread throughout my mouth as the synthetic Spirit Energy started to do its work. My tail coiled in delight and I had to force my mouth shut. Just moments later, the burning sensations, these wicked cravings, started to recede into the back of my mind. They still nudged at my soul but were a far cry from before. For the first time since I had turned, I felt like I had full control over my own body again.
As the girls started to leave, I couldn’t help but turn around. Still infatuated with the beautiful snake woman, I went back. She knew so much, maybe she could help me some more."Uhmm… Veronica? Thank you very much for the candy. This is all n-new to me, and I can't get a grip on the situation. Do you have some advice for me? I know that I will have to live with this, but I am not s-sure if I can."It felt odd to share this burden with her but not uncomfortable. With a mixture of fear and hope, I waited for an answer. She pondered for a moment, resting her chin on one of her hands."I believe that I might know what you are missing, but you are a peculiar case, Samantha. Do you feel… incomplete? Like something is out of place?"I knew exactly what she was talking about, the feeling she described still gnawing at me. I nodded."What do you know of your kind? I am not speaking about alps in particular, but succubi."The question surprised me, but I quickly stammered out all the information my brain was willing to part with."S-Succubi are demons who feed on the spiritual essence of men."She giggled."No, silly. You are thinking too far ahead. What do they look like? What makes them unique?"I didn't know what she was on about, but I played along."Fair skin, horns, a tail, and….. Oh.""Precisely! Your transformation is incomplete. You’re still missing your wings!"I felt so stupid. Of course, I was supposed to have wings. Succubi were a flying species after all."But how? Transformations like these are total, right? How could this happen?"Veronica blushed a little before continuing."Excuse my rudeness, but did you relieve yourself before the transformation? Believe me, it's important."I turned red like a tomato. Of all the things she had to ask, it was this? Shrinking in her presence, I slowly nodded."How many times?""I… uhhh… 8... times?", I meekly squeaked.Veronica swallowed heavily."What stamina... As remarkable as that is, this might have been the cause.""W-what do you mean? How could that lead to…. this?"She gave me an apologetic look, and I immediately knew that I was in for a treat."Okay. Lay it on me.""Alps come to be when demonic mana enters the body of a suitable man and destroys the production of spirit energy. Afterwards, it transforms the remaining Spirit Energy into Demonic Energy in order to fuel the transformation. That means….""Oh no….""You are in a serious deficit of spirit energy. Something that simple candy probably won't fix. Your situation won't improve unless you… draw it from the source."My stomach cramped at the thought. That wouldn't even be possible."Are you sure, Veronica? Is there no alternative to.. to… s.."My voice failed me and my tears returned. Is that really what is going to happen? Would I do… that?"There might be. I will need to do some research. These candies are all I can offer for the moment. Let us just hope my assumption is right."Hearing that there might be a chance, my mood lightened just a bit."Th-thank you Veronica. You are a godsend. W-would it be o-ok to exchange contacts?", I sniffed as I tried to collect myself. She looked at my face, genuine kindness in her eyes. She closed the distance so quickly that I had no time to react. I found myself constricted in a powerful, yet soft hug."Sure! Give me a call once you’re home, and I’ll save your number. You will get through this, Sam. Believe me. We’ll make it work."My head was buried in her cleavage, but neither of us seemed to care. Taking in the sweet aroma of her perfume, I was content with staying like this for a while. But it had to eventually end. Reluctantly, I stepped out of her coils."See you next week, Veronica.""See you! Don't hesitate to call if you need me!"Her heartwarming smile drowned out everything around it. I waved at her, as I exited the office. Her embrace was still warm on my shoulders as I skipped along the sidewalk.
  
    Chapter Text
    On my way home, I started to hum a chipper tune. I haven’t felt so good in a while, even before my sudden transformation. It felt good to have somebody to talk to. Walking home, I had more than enough time to take in what happened today. It all wasn’t going as bad as I feared it would. The welcoming sight of my apartment greeted me a few seconds later. Playfully kicking my sneakers aside, I quickly dialed up my phone. Not even 20 minutes had passed since I left the office and I already wanted to talk to Veronica again.“Hello. Veronica Halloway speaking. What can I do for you?”“Hello. It’s me, Samantha! I-I just wanted to call really quick. Thanks again for your help. I really appreciate it!” I couldn’t help but feel overjoyed as I spoke, and I did my best to hide it.“Oh! Sam! I can call you Sam right? Don’t worry about it. I am here to help after all!” I could almost see her wide smile.“Sure. Sam is fine. Everybody calls me that.”“So… Veronica? Do you mind telling me what we will do next week? I would really like to prepare a little.”“We are going to, slowly but surely, expose you to what you fear the most. It might be a little mean, but it’s the most effective way for you to get past it. You are a special case though, Sam. I have some specific questions ready for you.” I swallowed heavily.“And w-what would these be?” Her gentle laugh echoed through the speakers.“I’m sorry, but you will have to find out! By the way, what are you doing for a living?”“I’m going to college at the moment.” Veronica kept silent for a couple seconds before letting out a sigh.“Oh dear. That might turn out to be a little uncomfortable. Hang in there, Sam. I believe in you!” Her words of encouragement felt like they would sweep me off my feet. She genuinely cared for my well being, and I felt that.“I will, Veronica. Thank you very much. See you soon!”“See you!” 
A lot had happened today, and I felt exhausted. With a loud yawn, I took off my new outfit and slipped into a now hilariously oversized shirt. I lazily crept into the bed and, promptly, slept like a rock, recovering from recent events. The candy Veronica gave me worked wonders, and my sleep was almost dreamless like it used to be. A few images still fluttered through my resting mind but not nearly as lewd as before. I awoke to, luckily, dry panties and a grumbling stomach. Groggily, I made myself some breakfast while thinking about what to do. I had absolutely no obligations for the day, so I decided to stay indoors and clean up my apartment. I was the only one living here, so I was the only one who would take care of it. Some tasty bacon and eggs later, I shuffled over to the bathroom. I enjoyed a nice, warm shower after I noticed that most of the urges were absent. They barely bothered me and were easily ignored. My mind clear, I quickly washed myself before stepping out and drying off. I thought about what I should wear before I started cleaning but decided it would just dirty my clothes. I couldn’t help but feel exposed, but the cool air caressing my bare skin made my spine tingle pleasantly. 
Trying to remember where the cleaning supplies were, I wandered aimlessly through the apartment until I found them under the sink. Bucket, sponge, and soap in hand, I began scrubbing the bathroom.It was a boring task but one I had a lot of practice with. Things like this have been routine for me since I was a kid. Not that my parents would have ever bothered themselves with it. Slowly, tile for tile, I managed to turn the floor squeaky clean to the point that I could see the ceiling lamp reflected in the tiles. Nodding to myself proudly, I continued with the sink and shower, meticulously working on the ceramic. I worked fast, getting the room in top shape with ease. I giggled at the thought that some people had to hire a kiki for this. Turning on the vacuum and heading into the living room, I wondered how I would look in one of those frilly maid outfits. Something inside me seemed to agree as I wrestled with these feelings I was still growing accustomed to.
I had cleaned the entire ground floor when I noticed that it was already getting pretty late. Satisfied with my progress, I went to the kitchen. I could continue cleaning after dinner. I wasn’t quite sure what to cook today, thinking of all the tasty dishes I had the ingredients for. My train of thought was derailed, however, as I started to gravitate towards eggplants. I shook my head, quickly picking up an SE lollipop from the table in order to quell my rising arousal. Veronica gave me barely enough to get by until the next meeting, so my supplies were limited. I would have to space them out if I wanted to make it through the week. Taking a look in the fridge, I was brought back to what I should have for dinner. I had bought minced meat recently, so hamburgers sounded like a good choice.
After a filling meal, I got back to cleaning my apartment, only stopping at my parent’s bedroom. I wasn’t responsible for whatever messes they’d decide to leave behind. I’d also rather not look at what “toys” they had forgotten to put away this time. I just finished when the sun began to set. Heading towards my room, my hands ached, and my knees were sore from all the work. I would have to go to bed early if I didn’t want to be late to…. school. Despite my discomfort at the thought, I couldn’t just stop living my life. I didn’t want to return yet, but I had exams to do and a graduation which I, apparently, owed to my parents. Dejected, I flopped onto my bed, pulling the covers over my head. Tomorrow will be the big day. I thought about all of the different ways to introduce my classmates to my new situation, hoping to avoid as much confusion and awkwardness as possible. Eventually, my fatigue caught up to me, and I slowly drifted off to sleep.
I woke up early the following morning. I was anxious and yet... strangely excited in a way. Looking through my wardrobe, I thought about going with a hoodie again. I casually dismissed the thought. I was an alp now, no use in hiding it. Laying out my clothes on the bed, I stripped on my way to the bathroom. Turning up the dial, I began to meticulously clean myself. I took great care in scrubbing my smooth skin. I had lost my healthy tan during the transformation, now sporting almost porcelain skin. I felt… pretty, cute even. Carefully trying to wash my tail, I quickly recoiled as a spark of pleasure shot through it. I feared it would be a waste of SE candy to even try. I dried myself off before quickly looking up how succubi take care of their “assets.” Like I saw in a short video, I started to polish my horns until they shone like onyx. Looking at them, I couldn’t help but feel a little proud. Happy with my appearance, I started to put on my outfit for the day. The purple tank-top I chose was barely too short, revealing a thin line of skin above the dark, denim fabric of my jeans. It didn’t reveal much. Nobody would notice. I started to brush my hair as I checked my phone. Fuck. I was going to be late if I kept this up. Throwing the brush on the bed, I slipped on my shoes and went outside.
I was late, just as I feared I would be. Luckily, the hallways were empty, so nobody could slow me down. The closed door of the classroom showed me that the first lesson had already started. I shivered in anticipation and fear. What would they say? What would they do? Should I just go back home and call in sick? The voice of my homeroom teacher, Miss Loyd, broke the silence as I stood motionlessly at the door."Has anybody heard from Samuel? I hope he didn't get claimed by a delinquent. Him starting to skip classes would be a shame.."I flinched as George's guttural laughter echoed through the door."What’s so funny, George? Do I have to remind you that you missed 2 weeks worth of lessons after your birthday?"His laughter began to die down, turning into a chuckle."You’ll see, Miss!"That bastard! Stomping my foot in annoyance, I collected myself before I knocked on the door."Come in!"Slowly pushing open the door, I entered the room. Miss Loyd raised an eyebrow."Good morning, Miss. I fear you're in the wrong class."I stood there in embarrassed silence, my face already starting to turn red. George laughed at the top of his lungs, his companions whistling suggestively. Both I and Miss Loyd gave them a disapproving look."I am sorry, Miss. My students can be a little rowdy. Is there something I can help you with?"George's laughter grew ever louder. I just wanted to hide somewhere far away."George! Last warning! I am trying to help this young Lady."I lowered my head in defeat, coiling my tail around my leg."Please, Miss Loyd. D-Don't make it harder for me than it a-already is. I am sorry that I am l-late."Her eyes widened as she caught on."Samuel?" Murmuring echoed through the rest of the class as I nervously shuffled about."M-More or less. I’ll go by Samantha now, but I'd like to discuss this later, if possible. I h-have 3 days worth of lessons to catch up on. C-Can we please continue the lesson, Miss Loyd?" Taking a deep breath, I quietly took my seat. Only George's chuckling in my ears. 
The lesson felt like an eternity. The stares of my classmates and the repeated misnaming by Miss Loyd wouldn't allow me any comfort. But aside from George's constant stabs, the awkwardness slowly ebbed out. I was still on edge but less anxious. Thankfully, I was accepted like before, even if I had turned into an alp. In this age of mamono, weird things were a common occurrence and the tolerance was fairly high. With the first lesson finally over, I strolled towards Miss Loyd, the piercing gazes of my classmates still on me."Are you feeling alright Samu-…. Samantha? I am really sorry, but this is hard to get used to. You look a little pale. Do you need to go to the infirmary?"She looked rather concerned, but I waved her off."I am fine, Miss. I'm going to need some more time to adjust, nothing more. Thanks for your concern though.""Alright. If you face any trouble, don't be afraid to talk to a teacher." It was the same shallow phrase I got after my first confrontation with George. They would do nothing to help, but they were obligated to at least look like they do."Thank you." Shallow phrase, shallow answer. 
My breakfast in hand, I took a seat in the yard, watching the clouds drift above me. It was calming, really."So. Tell me. Who did you have the hots for to turn into that?" I would recognize George's snarky, infuriating voice anywhere. I just sighed, turning to face him. I didn't know why. I didn't fully understand how either. I just knew that it happened and I had to live with it. I was just about to snap at him, but I figured I could have a little fun instead."Why do you want to know? Interested?"That did it. Despite Saskia’s efforts, he still had a short fuse. His face twisting in rage, he stepped a little closer. I remained calm, the black shadow behind him emboldening me."Now listen here you little shit! Don't you dare ever...""Ohh… Scary! What would Saskia do if she knew you threatened a helpless, little girl?"As George clenched his fists, I showed him a smug grin."She is not here, you little bi..""GEORGE!""Fuck…"I reveled in the schadenfreude as Saskia tore him a new one. Saskia held him by one of his ears. Her eyes smoldered in white flames as she stared into his."What did I tell you about bullying? Bad boy! Do I need to punish you again?"She held him firm while he squirmed in her grip. I felt a little pity for the jock, interrupting Saskia in her scolding."Thanks Sas'. But I think he learned his lesson, right?""Yes! Yes, I have!", he yelped.With a huff, she released him. Smoke billowing from her nose."Fine. George, you are making it really hard on me. Should I get the leash again?"She pulled her boyfriend by his collar inside the building, leaving me alone once more.
The lessons after that were relatively uneventful. Many people came up to me between classes. I had to disappoint some of my classmates who tried making sense of my change, since I didn't know myself. There was even one guy from another class who didn’t recognize me and tried to make a pass at me. I felt sickened even thinking about it but knowing you are desired by someone was a strangely exhilarating feeling. Surprisingly, the most interested were the mamono. The news of my change spread over the campus like wildfire, and, soon, almost all the girls swarmed me. Many wanted me to join their cliques or be friends, but I wasn’t really interested in dealing with girls who just noticed me now because I had grown breasts.“Hey girly! Took a liking to my choices, eh?” The low, sultry voice of Jaqueline pulled me out of the rhythm that had set in during the day.“Oh! I didn’t know you went to this school too, Jaqueline. Thanks for the help the other day. You were a lifesaver.”A wide grin crept on her face, revealing her pearly white fangs.“Don’t mention it. One needs to help a sister in need, right?” She winked at me, and I just nodded in agreement.“Don’t worry about all this. The first days after transforming are always hard, no matter if you were a boy or a girl. We've all gone through it. After a while, it’ll feel like you have always been like this.” I swallowed heavily, remembering the inevitable.“If only i-it were that easy... I’m not sure I can deal with… with...”“Boys?” She laughed heartily. Raising her manicured fingers, she pointed across the yard towards the larger, tan girl who had pulled me into the store three days ago. She noticed us and happily waved.“Just because we’re mamono, that doesn't mean we are forced to have BOYfriends, right? Now, excuse me. My girlfriend is about to do something stupid again.”Stunned, I looked after her. I had never considered that. Although I was hesitant about my feelings, seeing new possibilities made me smile. The day ended without any further complications, leaving me in a pretty good mood. On my way home, I stopped by that clothing store again. I would pass by it anyways. Maybe there was something…. cuter…. I could get. Being on budget, I only picked out a couple new outfits. Half an hour later, with a full bag of new clothes and some new shoes in my hands, I left the store. Maybe I should have asked Jacqueline to join me? I could hardly suppress my desire to show off a little more of who I was. Now I just needed to make myself dinner, and I would have the entire weekend for myself.
When I returned home, I put on some upbeat EDM and headed into the kitchen. Deciding on a nice omelette to eat, I immediately got to work. The eggs were taking a nice golden brown color when the music suddenly stopped, replaced by my ringtone. Confused, I peeked at my phone. A call? From Veronica? I quickly picked it up and accepted it.“Hello? Sam speaking.”“Uhmm… Good evening. Veronica here. I hope I’m not interrupting you or anything?”Her smooth voice softly echoed from the speakers. Why would she call me?“N-No! No! It’s fine, really. It’s nice to hear from you again. I'm just making myself some dinner. What can I do for you?”“I just wanted to know if everything went alright. How did your school day work out?”I felt glad that she cared enough about me to call and quickly scrambled for an answer.“It went alright. A little awkward, but that was to be expected.”“Not much you can do about that, I guess. I hope the candies work? Had to deal with any urges today?”“No, thankfully. They really worked wonders! They are a little scarce though.”“You’ll have to live with that, I guess! They are expensive.” Veronica’s voice seemed to shift into a more somber tone.“Really though, they’re only to help you get adjusted. They aren't a permanent solution. I’m sorry. Do you have any more questions?”I pondered for a moment, trying to find a satisfying response.“Actually. Have you heard anything about an alternative yet? I would really like this transformation to be complete as soon as possible.”  Veronica stammered just for a second.“I-I am afraid not. We will have to continue the usual treatment. I’ll message you as soon as I have found something, alright?” I feared the call would end soon, but Veronica had other plans.“So... What are you cooking right now? I can hear something sizzling!” I rarely had the possibility to talk about my passions, so I happily shared.“Just an omelette. Nothing fancy. What did you eat today?”“I had a lot to do. So I went with fast food for today.”“No. No. No. You know that’s bad for your health? You should eat better, Veronica!”She chuckled a bit, making me realize that I may have went too far.“Oh my~. How sweet of you. How about you make some food for the next meeting? I’m sure the girls would enjoy it too!” Cooking for someone else? I hadn’t done that yet.“S-Sure. What would you like?”“Huh…. Whatever you want really. I’m not that picky. Just nothing with nuts, please.”With my left hand, I flicked through the cookbook for a nice dish I could make, before landing on a bookmarked page.“Um… H-How does ratatouille sound?” Uh oh. Not again...“I don’t really know what that is, but it sounds tasty! I can’t wait.” She sounded like she really anticipated my cooking. I better make sure it's good.“Ok. Ratatouille it is. I’ll see you at the next meeting then. Good night, Veronica.”“Night!”I put down the phone, joyful that I got a chance to talk to her again. Why would she…? The smell of something burning reached my nose. Shit. The omelette!Luckily, I didn’t ruin it. That would have been a waste of good eggs and a blow to my self-esteem as a chef.With a full stomach and a happy smile on my face, I dropped onto my bed. As I relaxed on the large mattress, I felt a warm sensation creep down past my stomach. I had forgotten to take the candy. Instead of bothering to stand up, I stubbornly buried myself further into the bedsheets, enjoying the warmth and comfort. Today was a good day.
  
    Chapter Text
    I should have eaten one of the candies before I went to bed. The dreams had returned, but I couldn't recall much except vibrant purples and greens. Two golden jewels too. Something touched me, fondled me, loved me as I slept. My panties were absolutely soaked and stuck to my damp thighs as I slowly pulled them off. Staring down at my now exposed labia, I noticed that I had been leaking considerably. If forgetting these candies even once lead to this then.... I shuddered in both fear and arousal at the thought. I threw my old panties into the washer before slipping into a new pair. I may need to buy some more if this continues. While I was eating breakfast, I remembered the helpful tips I read yesterday and managed to find the succubus forum I visited. In order to take greater care of my body, I really wanted to know everything I could. Scrolling through multiple threads of mamono skin, horn, and wing care, something caught my eye. A recently turned succubus asked what had been on my mind as well. "How am I supposed to wash my tail?" Intrigued, I opened it. The answer with the highest ranking was written by an older succubus. I smiled. Who else would know how to deal with this? Reading through the response, however, I quickly got anxious.
"The best and easiest way for you to clean your tail is to take a warm, damp towel and gently pull it from the base all the way up to the tip. The tail is a very sensitive part of your body, and you will likely be overcome by pleasure the first few times. Do not. And I repeat. DO NOT move towards the base. Most newly born succubi can't handle the sensation and may even fall unconscious. Washing it is like a race against yourself. Try to go as far as you can at a time, but take short breaks before it pushes you over the edge. If you can't finish in time, you have to try again later. It'll become too sensitive to continue by that point. Of course, you can always ask a partner to do it for you ;)"I wasn't sure if I should even try, but my happily wagging tail betrayed me. With a defeated sigh, I grabbed a piece of candy and headed for the bathroom.
I sat on the edge of the bathtub, letting the water warm up. The warm liquid rushed past my bare feet as I waited for the effects of the candy to kick in. When I thought the urges had been suppressed, I picked up a small towel. I thoroughly soaked the fabric in the water before adding only a small amount of shampoo. Hesitantly, I looked over my shoulder. My tail was almost standing straight, shivering in anticipation. Now or never, I guess. With careful movements, I wrapped the towel around the base of my tail as bolts of pleasure travelled up my spine. It took me a few moments to regain my composure. My tail itched, desiring for me to touch it… Taking a deep breath, I started to slide the towel towards the tip. I gasped loudly and my eyes fluttered shut, unable to even think. How was I ever going to get through this? I bit my lip as I continued under laboured breaths. Unbelievably slowly, bit by bit, I inched upwards, pausing every few seconds to recuperate. It was an ordeal unlike anything I had ever gone through. Feeling the effects of the candy already subsiding, I tried to speed up the process, letting low and stifled moans echo through the apartment. I felt like I was on fire, and a warm sensation began building within me. Over and over, feelings of bliss coursed through me, forcing my body to twitch and quiver in ecstasy. With the last of my willpower, I reached the tip. The cloth effortlessly brushed over the spade, leaving me exhausted and panting. I had done it. A sigh of relief escaped my lips as I relaxed in contentment, letting the warm water caress my legs while I recovered. It felt wonderful, and, somehow, I knew that this was just the beginning.
I was shaking like a leaf as I walked to the living room. I was just about to take another SE candy when I noticed that the urges were already receding again. I don’t think any amount of spirit energy in this world could have ever held back these feelings. I plopped down onto the couch with a soft thud, deciding to take a short nap. These feelings. These urges. This terrifying sense of womanhood. I had been afraid of them since I turned but now? I felt… happy. For the first time in years, I had actually done things I genuinely enjoyed. Met new people. Made new friends. Talked back to George. Met Veronica….. I had problems understanding why, but since this transformation, I enjoyed living my life. The constant needs of my new body were still a huge problem but compared to everything else, they seemed insignificant. There were so many things I was still afraid of, but I had people to ask for help now, and I loved it. With newfound vigor, I leapt from the couch only to realize something. Embarrassment crept onto my face when I noticed that I was still naked. I ran up to my room and dug out my newly bought sportswear and got ready for a nice, long walk. 
Putting on some music that I could relax and jog to, I left my apartment. I always enjoyed a nice walk. It was liberating to feel like you could leave everything behind, stop thinking, and just be yourself. My loud music and distracted mind almost kept me from noticing that someone caught up to me.“Mornin’, girly! Howzit’ goin’?” I knew that it was Jaqueline’s girlfriend from the slang alone as I slowed down, pulling out my earbuds.“Good morning. I’m doing fine, thank you. Is there anything I can do for you?”She grinned at me with a wide smile, grabbing me by the shoulder.“Jackie really took a likin’ to ya! She wants to do some shoppin’ on monday. You in?” Not having any chores after class and wanting to see Jaqueline again, I agreed.“Sure. Why not? Should we meet after school, then?”“Aye! We’re gonna’ make you look stunnin’. Believe me. There’s so much untapped potential that ya have. Not gonna’ let that go to waste, aight?” I didn’t know what they had planned, but I trusted in Jaqueline. Maybe, I could even get some tips out of her. There was so much I was still uncertain about, and the older succubus most likely dealt with many of them.“Don’t ya dare to leave us waitin’, alright? I hate waitin’.” She laughed with a mirthful smile as she gave me a slight pat on the shoulder before going on her way. I wanted to call after her, but my voice faltered. I never got her name, did I?
The weekend went by faster than I liked, but I had no fear nor anxiety of going back to school anymore. The classes were boring and simple like always and I went through the same motions like I had hundreds of times before. Surprisingly, George kept his distance, just staring every now and again. Without him, the lessons went by delightfully quickly, and I was already eagerly anticipating going out with the girls.“Hello, sweetie. Rena told you about our plans?” Jaqueline met me at the exit of the building, a smile on her face. I guessed that she meant her girlfriend that I met the other day. At least I knew her name now. It was getting awkward.“Not really. She said you wanted to go shopping, but that’s it. What do you have in mind?”A sly grin crept onto her face as her wings billowed out.“You’re such a cutie. As a fellow succubus, I can’t stand that you’re not using your charms. Rena and I talked it over and decided to give you a makeover. You’re going to look fabulous!”A makeover? I had never cared that much for makeup or fashion before, but I had to confess that I did now. If my first shopping trip was anything to go by, then these two knew what they were talking about. They would probably be my best bet if I wanted to look nice.“Sounds good! Where are we going? I’m not too familiar with all this, so I'll trust your judgement.”She gave me an approving wink.“For now, we have to wait for Rena. She has some business with her sister at the moment. Oh! Speaking of the devil… uh hellhound!”I turned around to see Rena and Saskia come down the hallway.“Heya’ cuties! Would ya mind if my sis’ tags along? We could have a girls night!” Saskia was just as surprised as I was.“Oh. Hi Sam! You’re the plaything of these two for today? My apologies.”She gave me a smug smile as she arrived, fist bumping Jaqueline.“How are ya doin’? Ready to head out? Can’t wait to test the new perfume in the mall! Let’s go!” Both she and Saskia were exceptionally tall, over 6 feet, but, aside from that, they were so incredibly different from each other that I never would’ve guessed them to be sisters. Jaqueline and I nodded at her as she went ahead, leading us to the mall.
I had never bothered to go to the mall. I could get everything I ever needed easier or cheaper somewhere else. The tall roofs of the building made me feel like I had stumbled into an airport. Rena led the way as we pushed our way through the spacious halls.“How bout’ we go to the stylist first? She can work wonders on ya hair!”Looking at the various styles on display, I had to agree with Rena.“I think we can do that later. It’s easier to choose if everything else is done first.”, Jaqueline replied.“Oh! Rena! Let’s go there right now!” She beamed with a happy smile as she pointed over to a corner and my jaw dropped. A sex shop!?“Really, Jackie? Now?”, Rena rolled her eyes as Saskia started to chuckle.“Have fun, girls. I’ll stay here with Sam for the moment.”“Sounds good to me!”, Jaqueline replied, pulling her girlfriend by her arm.“Let’s go!”Questioningly, I looked at Saskia.“Don’t worry. Jackie gets like that sometimes. She should be alright when they come back.”Saskia winked at me suggestively. Not wanting to continue that conversation, I tried to change the topic.“Soo... Sas’? I haven’t heard from George today. Did something happen?”“Really? That means my lessons must be working! Sooner or later, I’ll get him out of this shit.”A question burned in my mind, but I was rather hesitant talking with her about it.“I don't really have the right to ask but… What do you see in George? Why did you become his girlfriend?”Her expression turned sour immediately. That’s the reaction I feared.“Because I love him, birdbrain! Is that not enough!?”She sighed, before calming down a little.“No, seriously. He has potential. He’s a nice guy if you get to know him. Try talking to him when none of the other jocks are nearby, you’ll see. He may have learned to only speak in violence and asshole, but that doesn't mean that he is one.”I had never considered that, so I couldn’t help but raise an eyebrow. I only knew him as the insufferable prick he was. I wanted to pry further, but given Saskia’s reaction, I believed that would be a bad idea.“Sorry about that. It’s hard to judge when you only see him like I do.”“It’s alright, Sam. I can understand where you're coming from.”Letting the conversation rest, we noticed the two girls leaving the shop. Jaqueline was grinning happily with a full bag hooked on her arm. Rena had a deep blush on her face, clearly visible on her tan skin. Was it just me, or was she walking funny?“Alright! We can continue then. Everything alright sis’?”, Saskia inquired as Rena nodded, a drop of sweat trickling down her forehead.“Y-Yeah. I’m good.”
The first destination was a nail salon. My nails had turned into sharp claws since my transformation and were in serious need of some form of care.“What do ya think Sam? What kinda nails do ya wanna have?”“They keep getting in the way and are really sharp. So, I think I want them short so I don’t hurt anyone by accident.”Jaqueline began to giggle as Rena turned beet red. Oh no.“That’s a good choice, sweetie. We’ve both probably learned how unpleasant long nails can be!”Rena’s blush only seems to deepen, and I tried my best to hide mine.“Jackie!”“Alright. Alright. Sorry. How about short nails and some nail polish? I think it’ll suit her well for now.”“What color do you have in mind?”, Saskia chimed in.As they began to discuss things so girly that I had problems following, I took a look at the available colors. I was still new to this sort of thing after all. Black? Too goth for my tastes. Red? Too risque...“I was thinking pink or purple. What about you guys?” The girls stopped mid-sentence, surprised and delighted at my initiative.“Purple sounds good! I think they would compliment your horns and tail nicely!”After some pondering, we decided on a nice shade and had my nails done. It looked foreign, but I liked it.“Some accessories would also be good, don’t you think? There’s a new mamono jeweler in the mall.”, Saskia mentioned energetically.“Accessories? I’m not too sure about that.”I never even wore a watch, so I was hesitant to try.“You don’t have to buy them. Maybe, we’ll find something nice that you’ll like.”“Alright.”
The store was definitely designed with mamono in mind, with different sections containing jewelry only certain species could wear. Heading towards the back, we arrived in the section for succubi.“I can recommend those.” Jaqueline pointed to an assortment of rings, too large to be worn on a finger but too small to be a wristband.“They’re really comfortable once you get used to them. I wear these every day!”Confused, I took a longer look at her until I noticed four of such rings, equally spaced along her tail…“I’d rather not put anything on there for now.” I Couldn't help but wince at the thought.“Let me guess... You tried washing yours?”“Ummm…. Yeah.”, I replied, earning a hearty laugh from her.“You’ll get used to it. How about some for your horns then? I think they look super cute, and you won't even notice that you have them on.” She pointed to sets of rings in multiple sizes, shining in gold and silver. I nodded. I could work with that.“Hey, Sis’? I wanted to get a piercing for my ear. Would you take a look with me?”, Saskia asked.“Sure thing. Lemme just grab this one.” Rena picked a necklace from the wall and followed her sister into the canine section. Taking another look at Jaqueline’s tail, I remembered some things I should probably ask her now that we were alone.“Jaqueline? I’m not sure how to say this but…. Since mamono need spirit energy... How do you deal with the withdrawal? I’m certain you won’t get any spirit energy from Rena, right?”She stopped, lost in thought for a moment.“Well… I talked with her a lot about that. We had to make a compromise. I’ll get an anonymous donation once per month. I would never cheat on my darling, but it is what it is. My urges are stronger than most since I get less spirit energy, and Rena has to pay the price for it. Not that she minds, really.”, she said with a chuckle.Her explanation left a sour taste in my mouth. Despite her life with her girlfriend, she still had to do… that. I prayed for Veronica to find a solution, but my chances were slim.“T-Thanks, Jaqueline.” I swallowed heavily, and she surely noticed.“Don’t worry too much. It gets processed multiple times and arrives as a clear liquid. It’s tasteless and you can mix it into anything. I don’t like it either, but beggars can’t be choosers right?”“Right….” I really needed to talk with Veronica about this soon.I picked out a pair of plain silver rings. Putting them on was a chore. My horns curled along my temple's until they eventually peaked up and backwards behind my head. Luckily, Jaqueline helped me with it since I wasn't familiar with their shape yet. They were really light and the way they contrasted my horn’s onyx sheen in the mirror made them look very pretty.“I think I’ll take these!”“They look great on you!”, Jaqueline added, emboldening me in my choice.
“Next is makeup!”, Rena squealed. I knew that it would turn out alright, but imagining myself putting on makeup made horrendous pictures pop up in my mind. Luckily, I wasn’t a man anymore, and I had more than enough help to get it right. Saskia put on my makeup with ease, despite her large paws. Her soft fur brushed across my face, forcing the occasional giggle out of me, as she added the finishing touches.“Perfect! Good job, sis’. Now, we’re only missin’ some lipstick, right?”I looked at the collection that she had picked out. So many of them felt a little over the top. Red and black ones were out of the question for obvious reasons. Looking over all the gaudy color choices, I decided on a healthy, natural tone that matched my lips. The girls approved, and after a quick trip to the counter, we left the store. These new additions left a sizable dent in my budget, and I came to a decision as we stood in front of the hairdressers again.“Umm.. Girls? I like my hair as it is but… Could one of you maybe braid it for me?”Rena jumped in the air a little at the opportunity.“Lemme! Lemme!”We grabbed a bite at the food court while Rena diligently braided my smooth, blonde hair.At first, I couldn't understand at all what Rena was doing but she insisted that I pay attention in order to do it myself."I've always wanted to try this one! You'll look gorgeous!"Strand for strand, Rena carefully intertwined my hair, using the base of my horns as an anchor. Quickly she had turned the mass of uncontrolled hair into a bun on the back of my head, encircled by a single braid. She let my bangs hang free, framing my face. It looked like quite the difficult task, but I was certain that I could do it with enough practice.As Rena gave my hair the finishing touches, Jaqueline flashed me a wide smile.“You’re a proper succubus now! Make it count! You can get anyone looking like that!”After leaving the mall, we each went our separate ways. Saskia went to look after George. Rena and Jacqueline left together, Rena’s head laying on her girlfriend’s shoulder as they walked. The succubus kept tapping buttons on her phone absentmindedly with an audible giggle, causing Rena to shake every now and then while lightly hitting Jaqueline on the shoulder. I'd rather not ask what they were up to. Satisfied with my looks, I went home. The girls gave me some much needed closure, and I could prepare for the next session with all of my heart. I felt like I owed them a lot. I took a look in the bathroom mirror, silently appreciating the girl’s handiwork. I didn’t just look like a girl preparing for a date anymore. Now, I looked like a young woman, one that could be confident in herself.
  
    Chapter Text
    I wanted everything to be perfect. The next day, after suffering through another set of boring lectures, I diligently tried to repeat what the girls had done the day before. I put on my makeup and did my hair, meticulously trying my best to recreate what Saskia and Rena did. It was a strange and unusual thing for me to do, but I felt a sense of elation as my attempts became better and better every time. The first attempts hurt my pride a bit as I looked like a clown, but, after what felt like a dozen times, I was finally happy with my appearance. As I went to bed, my mind raced with questions, depriving me of my sleep. Would the others like my food? Would they think I’m cute after all of the girl’s efforts? Would Veronica like it, any of it? What questions would she have for me? Did she find a solution already? Pressing my head into the pillow, I tried to silence my thoughts. I couldn't do anything about them now. They would be problems for tomorrow.
School went just as expected as I slogged through it. A part of me just wanted to go back to bed, but the rest was eagerly anticipating today’s meeting. After the last lesson, I picked up some more ingredients for today’s dish. After this, I would probably avoid zucchini and eggplants for a while… I bought a large portion since I would be cooking for 6 people. The heavy bag of groceries weighed me down. On my journey home, I could hear heavy footfalls behind me.“Hey! Sammy! Do you have a minute?”I rolled my eyes, turning around. Only one person called me that.“What is it, George? I’m busy.”I wouldn’t let anything interfere with today, and I certainly didn’t want to deal with his bullshit. He stood before me, towering like the brute he was. I stared up into his eyes, and saw…. Embarrassment? Shame? He nervously scratched his head as he opened his mouth.“I know you probably won’t believe me Sammy, but I’m sorry for what happened the other day.”Excuse me? I stood there in shocked silence, as the jock that had bullied me for years tried to apologize to me, hanging his head. I looked around, trying to see if any of his companions were skulking nearby.“What? When you dumbasses chased me across the street? There has to be a catch, right? What are you planning..?”“Shut up! I felt really bad about it, alright? It was too much, even for me. I just wanted to apologize. It’s up to you if you believe me or not.” He huffed audibly, clearly uncomfortable as he turned around and just left. I was equally confused and surprised. Of all the things that could have happened today, I didn’t expect that. It looked like Saskia might be right after all, but I still couldn’t believe it. I would have to have a chat with her about it next time I see her.
Leaving that surreal experience behind me, I arrived back at my apartment. After throwing my school bag down and popping a candy in my mouth to focus, I began preparing the sauce. It would take a while to heat, so I started to braid my hair while waiting. I couldn’t really see it from every angle, but I was rather satisfied with my first real attempt. I had forgotten to take the rings off my horns, so I didn’t have to adjust them that much. My now short nails really made cutting the vegetables easier. The claws were pretty, but dangerously sharp and obstructive sometimes. After almost an hour of work, I had a large bowl of baked vegetables in my hands. The scent almost made my mouth water as I put it back in the oven to keep it warm. Entering the bathroom, I changed into a purple crop top. Despite the fabric barely reaching my navel, exposing my smooth stomach, it didn’t really bother me. A light blue denim jacket and light grey jeans completed my outfit. I kept the makeup fairly light as I was worried about overdoing it. Combined with my hair and my new horn rings, I couldn’t help but smile at the proud, little alp in the mirror. I went back into the kitchen to pick up the food before heading out.
I was the first to arrive and waited at the door of Veronica’s office. I was curious as to what she had planned, and my foot tapped restlessly onto the asphalt to show it as a faint humming alerted me to the arrival of the sisters.“Mhhh! What’s that wonderful smell?”Nadja flew around the corner, almost slamming into me.“Sorry! I shouldn’t be flying so low, should I?”“Wait up, sis!”Mel and Sierra followed quickly after. Sierra looked even more pale than last time and her shaking legs made it obvious she wasn’t feeling well. She breathed heavily, and leaned onto Mel’s shoulder.“You know that Sierra can’t keep up, damnit! Slow down a little would you!?”I waved at the insect mamono sisters with a beaming smile.“How are you doing? Haven’t seen you three in a while. Is everything ok, Sierra? You don’t look so well.”The girls looked at me, apparently confused at my new apparel.“We’re doing fine, I guess. Sierra is really weak on her legs though.”, Mel snorted, the other two nodding in agreement.“You look really good, Sam! Got used to your body yet?”, Najda inquired, buzzing in front of me.“I’m getting there. I finally feel like I’m in my own body again.”“That’s good to hear! Oh, by the way. What is that beautiful smell? Is there a new restaurant nearby or something?”The beelzebub looked around as I started to chuckle.“I made us something to eat! I hope you’ll like it.”The three girls stared in amazement until Sierra’s hoarse voice broke the silence.“You cooked for us? How sweet. I bet it’ll taste great!”Her sisters nodded in agreement, Nadja especially.“I think so too! How about we start today’s session?”Veronica’s voice sent shivers down my spine, causing me to freeze for a moment, as we turned to face her. She slithered down the sidewalk, Anna in tow.“Hello.”, the anubis chimed meekly, her face partially obscured by her notebook.“By Eros, Sierra! You look horrible! Let me get something to drink for you. It’ll only take a second.”The echidna pulled out her keys, opening the front door and motioning us to enter.
I placed the large bowl onto a table at the end of the room before taking my seat. Everyone sat exactly where they were last time. Mel was hesitant but eventually took a seat as well.“Good evening girls! Welcome back! Sam offered to make us some food, so I hope you girls enjoy some rato-…. ratat-… What was it again?”“Ratatouille”, I shyly corrected her.“Yeah! That! I hope you’re all alright? Please, take a drink. We can talk about what we will do today, and then enjoy some delicious food.”I was really tense, cautiously taking a cup of tea.After a few sips in silence, Veronica began the session.“As you probably know, this support group is supposed to help new mamono deal with their changes. This mostly refers to the ‘what’, ‘how,’ and ‘when’. What to do to deal with it, how to do it, and when to do it. There is, however, a fourth question. Why? Humans who turn into mamono often transform into something that fits their personality and preferences. For some, it would be easier to see why, and for others, not so much.”Why I turned? I never really thought about it, because I was too preoccupied from dealing with it.“I want you to think about why you may have turned into what you are now. After dinner, we can discuss this further. I’m starving, personally.”Veronica happily slithered over to the table, putting a generous serving onto her plate. The entire group sat in silence, as we ate. Judging by their faces, I believed I did a good job.“You’re a good chef, Sam. Are you sure you were a man before?”, Mel giggled.“Mel! Stop! you’re being so insensitive!”Her sisters were just about to hit her over the head again before I managed to interrupt them.“It’s fine, really. I’m an alp now. No need to dwell on the past, right?”Veronica lifted an eyebrow before revealing a sly smile.“You came quite far in the last week, Sam. Look at you! I didn’t do much and yet you seem to have made so much progress already.”“I’m trying. I haven't got it all figured out yet”, I grumbled.“That’s why you’re here, right?”Her wide grin immediately kept my nerves in check. She was right. I’ve come so far, but I wasn’t done. At least I had her to help me through the rest.“Everybody full? Then please, return the plates. I’ll wash them later. Is everyone ready?”
We sat in a large circle again, Veronica towering over all of us as she rested on her tail.“I’ll ask everyone some questions now. You don’t have to answer them, but I’ll still be available after the session. If anyone wants to discuss this more privately, just talk to me. Okay?”After making sure everyone was on board, she began with Anna.“Anna, what do you think? Why did you turn into an anubis?”The canine girl scratched her chin with her paw as she tried to find an answer.“I always liked dogs I guess, but I don’t think that’s it.”“It could be a part of it, Anna. But what benefits does this body bring? How does it impact your life, like your hobbies or your job?”“Ummm…. I really like listening to and playing music. My hearing wasn’t the best, but that changed when I was monsterized. Could it have been that? Oh! Wait. I have a job as a secretary in a local police office. My bad hearing made it difficult sometimes. I organize and try to raise productivity there. Things like that.”“Anubis are known for their order and diligence. Like all canine mamono, they have very sharp senses. Your transformation might have resulted from your needs to be better at your job and your desire to listen to your favourite music. Your ears might be oversensitive now, but given enough time, you will enjoy a set of diligent paws and alert ears.”Anna’s fluffy appendages perked up at Veronica’s explanation as a small smile escaped her lips.
Veronica now turned over to the sisters.“Next, it’s your turn Nadja. Why do you think you turned into a beelzebub?”“I-I’m a perfumer. So, it probably has something to do with my nose? I smell so many things I don’t want to, though.”“That is true. But why do you smell them? How strong are they? How far away? A beelzebub’s nose is incredibly sensitive, yes, but it allows you to find scents that have great potential. Your nose is overwhelmed with the more unsavoury smells, but if you get used to it, you can tune them out.”“So, my nose will make my job easier?”“Most likely. Don’t see it as a curse just because you only see the worst part of the change. Each mamono has its benefits. You, for example, have a chance to help mamono and human alike find that special someone with the help of one of your perfumes. However, now we have to go towards the less apparent transformations.” She pointed over to Mel.
“I have no idea why I turned out like this! I hate germ’s! I hate grime! I hate everything dirty! Why of all things, would I want to turn into a frickin devil bug!?”I couldn’t help but agree with her. Devil bugs were known for their uncleanliness, and there was no real reason I could think of. Veronica, however, had another view of the situation.“Devil bugs are not automatically dirty, most choose to be. They have other perks that only few people know of. Did you have an unpleasant experience with germ’s in the past? Remember that you don’t have to answer if you don’t want to.”The sisters' expressions all turned sour as they lowered their heads.“I’m sorry if I stepped too far there.”“No. No. It's fine...”Mel began to stutter a little, a defeated expression on her face.“A-An illness almost tore apart our family 5 years ago. Our mother is bedridden, her weakened immune system makes her more prone to infection. Our father didn’t take it very well… H-He has been hard to deal with ever since.”A single tear rolled down her cheek as she spoke, making my heart twinge. I couldn’t imagine what that was like.“I… I’m sorry to hear that, but your and your sister's transformations make way more sense now.”We all looked at Veronica in confusion.“What does that have to do with our transformations? I see no reason for them to be related.”, Sierra asked, cocking her head to the side. Her shaking had stopped, and her natural skin color had returned.“You all turned into insect mamono. One of the many traits all of them share is that they are virtually immune to disease. There are probably more reasons as to why each of yours are different, but I believe you’ve found the core as to why.”The girls looked surprised but elated, tears in their eyes, as they embraced each other.“Never again.”, they sobbed into each other's arms.We silently watched them, waiting for them to calm down. They seemed more content with their situation now, if only a little.“I’m happy if I could give you some closure, but we have to continue. Sierra, what do…?”“Don’t worry about it, Veronica… I think this was enough for me. You don’t know how much this means to us.”“Oh well, then. Finally, it's your turn, Sam. I really need to know why you turned into an alp before I can help you properly. I’d like to repeat that you don’t have to answer my questions if you don’t want to.”I swallowed heavily, nodding her to continue. Here we go.
“Most men that turn into alps either wished to become women or wanted to be with a man. I haven't known you for that long Sam, but I don’t believe that's the reason here. There are many reasons one can turn into an alp and we just have to find the right one.”I knew Veronica was right, but I couldn’t find a single reason why this happened for me. I combed through my memories. My childhood, school days, my family… Nothing.“I don’t even know where to start, Veronica. I never even thought about the possibility of turning into a woman. I’m afraid I can’t really give a satisfying answer.”The echidna rested her head on her fist, lost in thought. At first I thought she hadn’t even listened, but as I was about to ask her, she spoke up again.“If we can’t find why you wanted to turn, we have to work the other way around. Monsterization normally improves the lives of those who turned. How was it for you? Did your situation at home or in school change?”“I made a lot of new friends since my transformation. One of them, Saskia, a hellhound, actually recommended you to me. She’s been a great help. Before, I had always been a loner. I live by myself still, and I didn’t have many friends at school. I can gladly say that isn’t the case anymore.”Veronica was visibly confused and concerned.“You live alone? At your age? What is your family situation like?”I shrugged at her question.“My parents are almost never home. They either are out for work, on vacation, or at parties. I see them very rarely.”“They left you on your own? That’s horrible. How is your relationship with them?”, she asked, a sad expression on her face“Not good. Dad always wanted me to be ‘the man’ of the house...”Wait… The man of the house? How ironic… Hesitantly, I continued.“I had to keep the place clean, cook, and wash laundry for them. He didn’t usually bother himself with anything, either forcing me to do it or throw money at the problem until it disappeared. Mom has nothing but partying on her mind, dragging him away from home and leaving me alone to handle all their shit!”I couldn’t keep my composure any longer, raising my voice as my frustration and rage peaked. I felt bad for Anna, who was wincing a little as her ears twitched. I tried to stop when I noticed that I began screaming.“Sorry about that. I still get a little heated talking about them.”Veronica’s confusion had turned into a mixture of horror and disgust, a scowl on her face.“If I might ask. When was the last time you saw them?”“I don’t really bother to keep count. Eight months maybe? Those three just keep flying all over the place.”“Three?”I almost forgot to mention the freeloader that they had brought in.“They met a bicorn a couple years ago. She wrapped them around her finger and wrings them dry...”Veronica’s fury was obvious, clenching both her fists as the end of her tail whipped back and forth sharpy. She took a deep breath, stretching her hands, before calmly continuing.“Do they know? Have you told them?”“They didn’t even bother to call me for my eighteenth birthday. As if I would call them voluntarily. All they care about is me graduating.”“Oh dear. Just so I understand correctly, let me reiterate. You live on your own, having next to no friends. You have to deal with all the responsibilities of a household yourself, and your parents do nothing to help?”“Yeah... That's about the gist of it.”“Unbelievable… But I think I might have a theory as to why you turned into an alp.”, she said dejectedly.“Really? I’d like to know then.”“To put it simply, you did not want to turn into a woman. Instead, you didn’t want to be the ‘man’ of the house anymore. You’ve always had to deal with everything on your own. That being said, you felt obligated to do it yourself. Asking for help is not a sign of weakness, but I fear that it was what you thought. You stopped being a man so you could rely on someone else. Monsterization usually relies on something you feel very strongly about to decide what you turn into.” Veronica’s explanation left me stunned, my mouth hanging open. She might be right, but was turning into a sex demon really what I wanted?“M-Maybe…  I-I’m gonna have to think about it.”Tears started to flow down my face as the revelation shook me to the core. A warm feeling brushed past my face, like in a dream I once had, and wiped away my tears. Looking up, Veronica gave me a motherly smile as her tail stroked my cheek.“Don’t rush it, Sam. That goes for all of you as well. You have the rest of your lives to live. Don’t let yourself be stopped by anything right now. I hope this session helped to steer you in the right direction. Next week, we will try to confront you with your fears. Don’t worry. I won’t overdo it, but we need to start somewhere. Any questions?”I reclined in my chair, waiting for the girls to talk with Veronica. They all had their own problems, and if they didn’t want to share them in front of everyone, then I wouldn’t pry.“Thanks for the food, Sam! It was delicious!” The compliment from Nadja helped raise my spirits. As a chef, I was proud, and as a friend, I was happy. Sierra pulled all of us into a group hug, and even Mel joined in, despite her initial hesitation.“Sam? Would you please stay a little while longer? I have some more questions I’d like to ask you.”I was surprised but not against it.“Sure. Have a nice evening, girls. I’ll see you next week!”They each said their goodbyes as they left, leaving me and Veronica behind.
“What did you want to talk about, Veronica?” I sat opposite to her, looking into her golden eyes.“I looked into an alternative solution for your problem, and I could provide it for you if you need it.”The lighting was dim, but I thought I could make out a slight blush on her cheeks.“That’s wonderful! I had a chat with a succubi about the topic, but I’d rather not do what she has to do.”She began to giggle a little.“It’s a good idea to talk with more of your kind. They would be familiar with any problems you may have. Onto another matter. Are you free this evening?”“Ummm… Yeah. Why?”Her sudden question caught me off guard.“I’d like to talk about your situation some more. Somewhere more…. appropriate. How does a cafe sound?”“S-Sounds lovely. I-Is this a d-date?”Joyfully, she slammed her hands together with a loud clap while blushing deeply.“Yes. Yes it is. T-That is if you want it to be. I was thinking we could go to a nice cafe at the edge of town. W-We can go there by bus if you want.”Her invitation left me overjoyed, my heart beating faster at the thought. I couldn’t help but wonder what exactly she thinks of me.“Y-Yeah. L-Let’s do that. P-Please, lead the way Veronica.”She turned off the lights and led me through the door. A nice date with Veronica sounded like the perfect way to end the day.
  
    Chapter Text
    My heart beat like a jackhammer as I walked next to Veronica. I caught a wonderful, exotic scent coming from her. It was flowery, hibiscus maybe? It calmed my nerves and made me feel like I was relaxing on a tropical island. We arrived at the bus stop, waiting for the next one to arrive.“The rata…. food you made was really good, Sam. You’re an excellent chef.”I blushed a little as I looked up to her.“T-Thank you, Veronica. It really means a lot to me. Cooking is one of the few things I believe I’m good at...”“Nonsense! Don’t put yourself down like that. You are really good at it, but I doubt that it's all you can do. You are a wonderful girl, Sam. Anyone would be lucky to have you, friend or otherwise. Don’t let anyone tell you something else.”I felt her hand resting on my shoulder, making me shiver slightly.“Besides, have you thought about what you want to do in the future? Do you have any plans after college?”I hadn’t even thought about that since I turned and it caused me to think for a moment.“I’m not sure. I was always interested in sports and cooking, but my transformation left me ill suited for running against other mamono. I could go into cooking for sure, but I haven’t really thought about it much. W-What about you, Veronica? How did you become a psychiatrist? It’s a rather specific occupation.” A smile crept onto her face, eager to answer.“I always liked helping people. Everyone has their own worries and burdens, but I do my best to lift them at least a bit. Dealing with mamono can be rather difficult and there are few who manage to help them, but as an echidna, I believe I have a unique perspective as to how they tick. By the way, Sam, I’m sure you could do just about anything you put your mind to. As I said before, you can’t let your new body hold you down forever.”“You really are too kind, Veronica. You don’t know how happy I am that Saskia gave me your card.”She let out a delightful giggle, holding her hand in front of her mouth.“How sweet~ Saskia was a rowdy girl, but she adjusted rather quickly. Cases like hers make me proud of what I do. I’m as happy as you are that she recommended me.”“Why did she come to you in the first place? I didn’t think she would need it...”“You’ll have to ask her yourself I’m afraid. What kind of psychiatrist would I be if I talked about my patients? Oh! The bus is here! I’ll pay for your ticket. Don’t worry about it.”“B-But!”“No buts! I invited you, didn’t I?”She was right, but it felt wrong to let her do that for me as we entered the bus.
Public transportation was almost always a terrible, stuffy affair. This time was no exception. The seats were all taken, forcing us to stay in the alley. I could barely move in the tight space, instinctively huddling closer to Veronica and taking her hand.“Sorry about this. I don’t like it in here.”“Me neither. Don’t worry, though. We’ll be there in just a couple stops. It’s a wonderful place, believe me. You will love it.”I silently admired the large echidna next to me, hypnotized by the beautiful scales covering her body as I started to feel a breath on my neck. I froze in shock, not daring to move.“Hello, sweet thing. You’re the one George and us we’re having some fun with, right? Sammy was it? It was such a shame that you didn’t want to play with us. How about you let me take you somewhere and change your mind?”Both disgust and pain coursed through my body as a hand firmly gripped my tail. Slivers of shameful arousal caused my cheeks to blush. I lurched forwards as I tried to squirm away in fear, directly into Veronica’s chest. I stared up at her, tears threatening to drip from my eyes. Her deep, golden eyes followed down my spine as her confused smile turned into unbridled rage. Moments later, the hand released me, only a choked gurgle audible behind me now. Scared and shaking, I slowly turned around to face my attacker. As I suspected, It was a member of George’s football team that I never bothered to learn the name of. Veronica’s tail was tightly wrapped around his throat. Her pupils had turned to slits, and a menacing hiss escaped her. I feared she might even start spitting poison at this rate.“If you dare touch her ever again, I’m going to squish you into a ball, throw you out the window, and watch you bounce down the street. Do you understand?”His hands were wrapped around Veronica’s tail, trying to break free. His struggling only caused Veronica to pull her grip on him tighter.“Do you understand?!”He desperately tried to nod, fear in his eyes. With a loud sigh, she released his throat.“Good…. Now piss off!”He rapidly nodded, pushing past the other passengers to get as far away as possible. Luckily for us, nobody had really noticed what happened. Luckily for him, the bus had just stopped to let off passengers, causing him to run like his life was at stake. I couldn’t help but feel terrified yet amazed at Veronica’s violent outburst.“T-Thanks… But I don’t think that was necessary.”She looked down at me, her expression softening as she carefully wiped away my tears.“I won’t let anybody touch you like that. Honestly, that asshole deserved more….”She looked around for other possible assailants before her face lit up.“I have an idea. Sam? Could you move closer to the door for me, please?”“S-Sure… What do you? W-Wha!?”My words got caught in my throat as her tail began to wrap around me. Over and over, her tail enveloped me, and I began to deeply blush as her bountiful chest pressed against the back of my head, along with the rest of her body.“That’s much better. You’re safe with me, now.”, she sighed, laying her hand on my shoulder.Despite her cold-blooded nature, a warmth spread throughout my body, making me tingle. The sturdy scales of her tail were surprisingly soft and plush as they met my skin, brushing past the holes in my jeans and my exposed stomach. I felt so safe in her arms, relaxing contentedly into her embrace.“Thank you, Veronica. I really mean it. I don’t know what I would do without you sometimes.”“Don’t mention it.”, she replied joyfully, the tip of her tail waving in front of my face.
“Who was that guy, anyway? Do you know him?”“Just a jerk from school. It’s alright, Veronica. He’s not worth it.”We kept talking for a couple of minutes, waiting to arrive at our destination.She was genuinely worried about my school situation now, and I had to repeatedly calm her down. It was kind of cute, actually. Moreso, her concern left a warm feeling bubbling in my chest. At the edge of town, the roads got worse and worse as the bus shook and jumped from dozens of potholes.“I hope we arrive soon. This ride is making me kinda dizzy...”A large tremor shook the bus, making me almost topple over. I desperately reached for something to hold onto when a soft whimper made me quickly realize what I just did. To my surprise, I had grabbed Veronica’s tail tip with both hands. If she was even remotely as sensitive as I was…..“S-Sorry! I-It was an accident… Huh?”A strange sensation made me lose my focus. Something hard was pressing against my lower back…“Veronica? S-Something the matter? Did something fall out of your pockets?”“N-No. It’s fine...”Her voice was laboured and heavy. Something had to have happened. I carefully shifted my body to turn around and face her. Her face was burning red as an intoxicating scent entered my nose.“P-Please, S-Sam… K-Keep quiet. I beg you.”I gasped as my gaze slowly wandered down. Something long and hard had pushed her long skirt upwards, now pressing against my belly… No..? It can’t be. She was a woman, right? Mamono were only female as far as I knew. My curiosity, along with something else, urged me forward. I had to know. Swallowing my hesitation, I lifted my hand over the skirt and lightly grasped the protrusion. Veronica tried to stifle a moan, covering her mouth with her hand with the other held across her stomach.“P-Please… S-Stop… I can’t...”My suspicions confirmed, I quickly let go. She had one… I should have been disgusted, terrified maybe. Instead, I had to fight this burning urge to lift her skirt and get a closer look. To see it. To touch it. My body screamed for me to wrap my arms around her. To hide it from the world and keep it for myself. Just for me?… And so I did.“S-Sam!? W-What are you doing!? I-I’m...”“Shhhh… I-I’ll keep it covered. J-Just try and calm down, okay?”I’d never seen this side of her. She looked so vulnerable, so soft, so cute….“But I… I...”“It’s fine, Veronica. Really. We can talk about this later.”Her slender arms reached around my back, returning the hug. It felt so incredibly soothing.“Thank you.”
Veronica was almost hyperventilating at first but quickly regained her composure. She seemed to be heavily focused on the task at hand, sitting in silence while the ride continued.“I-I think we’re here. Are you ready, Veronica?”She was still looking out of it, so I did my best to stay with her as we left the bus. I was too small to really be of any assistance, but I still did my best to help her. She pointed towards our destination on the other side of the street. A sign of a kikimora and a shoggoth holding a large dinner plate together hung over the door and the sweet smell of cocoa wafted through the air, ridding my senses of the alluring scent still stuck in my nostrils. As we entered the establishment, a werecat in a maid outfit greeted us.“Welcome to the Maid’s Dream! What can I do for you this fine evening?”Embarrassment was still visible on Veronica’s face, causing her cheeks to turn to a dark violet.“I-I reserved a table for two under Miss Halloway.”As the catgirl combed over the reservations, I couldn’t help but wonder. Did she reserve a table before the meeting? She must have really looked forward to this.“Ah! Here it is. Please, follow me. You can hang your jackets over here if you want.”The maid led us to a nicely decorated table, before returning to the entrance.“A waitress will take your order shortly. I hope you enjoy your stay.”“Thank you.”, we replied as I took a seat.“I need to go to the bathroom really quick. Then, we can talk about all this, okay?”“Y-Yes.”My mind worked on overdrive as the echidna slithered away from the table. I didn’t know exactly what had happened back there, but I never saw her so embarrassed. She must really be suffering like this.
After around 10 minutes, I caught Veronica's wary gaze as she returned. Upon her sitting on her tail, a weresheep approached the table.“Hello! What can I get for you two?”“I-I’ll take a coffee, please.”Veronica still didn’t seem to be completely over the incident.“I would like some cocoa.”The waitress nodded, jotting down our order, before leaving for the kitchen. My curiosity fought with the awkwardness of the situation.“W-Would you… mind telling me what just happened?”, I asked, my eyebrow raised.She took a deep breath before answering, closing her eyes.“Do you want to hear the entire story or the short version?”“I-I would like to know everything if that’s not a problem.”Veronica’s face seemed more relieved if anything as she began.“If you want, I can. I assume you know that some mamono can use magic?”I‘ve seen it a couple of times, but it felt so normal that it wasn't worthy of note anymore.“Yes. Some stronger species can cast pretty powerful spells, right?”“Y-Yes. Back when I was younger, there was this guy that I really liked. I kept pestering him for his number, getting closer and closer every time. He kept trying to tell me it was a bad idea and wouldn’t end well, but I didn’t listen. I never really bothered checking if he was taken already…. He was, and to my dismay, by a baphomet. She was absolutely furious. She told me if I wanted her man that much, I shouldn’t get any. She spat some curses at me, and I saw neither her nor him again. The next day, it started to grow...”She stopped for a moment when the weresheep returned with our drinks.“Thank you very much.”Veronica swallowed again, before continuing.“Like this, I didn’t think I had much chance of finding a boyfriend or husband. I couldn’t even bring myself to ask anymore. It was my fault, and I had to suffer the consequences. I was already studying psychology then, but I changed my pursuits in order to help anyone who might have ‘similar’ problems like me.”“I have to know, Veronica. This substitute you talked about…. Is it what I think it is?”She blushed once again, hiding her face behind her hands.“Yes…. Yes it is. I don’t produce any spiritual energy, but my demonic energy has similar effects, acting basically the same. I thought maybe you would...”“Accept it, then?”“Ummm…. Y-Yeah?”Veronica, while still much larger than me, had seemed to shrink into herself as the conversation continued. Could I? Would I accept it if it was hers? I had my doubts, but I knew that I craved it body and soul. That wasn’t really even really the crux of it though. I needed to find a way to finish my transformation as well as sating my growing hunger.“C-Could it be processed like they do with the anonymous donations?”“Yes! Of course it would! I couldn’t expect you to take it as is.”
I blushed as I realized my lack of distaste towards the proposition. Why did it seem so… amicable? Was it because it was Veronica’s? It had to be. I took a large sip from the sweet and warm cocoa. I couldn’t help but imagine the taste it would have, my desire clouding my mind.“I-I think I would be okay with that. I-If you are that is. Beggars can’t be choosers, r-right?”Veronica breathed out a sigh of relief, uncoiling herself.“I know this is a lot to process, and I’m sorry you had to find out this way. I-It’s just that… I… I hope we can still be friends?”Veronica averted her eyes after that. My body was screaming for me to accept her offer and to do something then and there. The resistance in my mind wasn’t doing much to counter it. I almost couldn’t believe what I was about to do. I just hoped it would work out how I wanted it to.“F-Friends? I-I don't know how you feel, but I was wondering if we could try something… more?”I took one of her hands in mine, trying my best to look her in the eyes and spill my heart out.“I-I think that we’re beyond that now, Veronica. Don’t you think?”“Huh? What do you...”Not wasting any more time, I silenced her with a kiss. I shut my eyes while my heart fluttered and the sensations assaulting my lips. At first, I feared she would tear herself away, but she quickly returned my signs of affection. We were two mamono, in the middle of a cafe, locked in a passionate kiss as Veronica slid around the table to embrace me. I wished for this moment to never end, but both of us needed to breathe at some point. While she was still recovering from my sudden attack, I popped the question.“Veronica, would you go out with me?”Tears streamed down her face. Not of sadness, but of joy.“Yes! Absolutely!”The smile she showed me was breathtaking. She looked as happy as I must have felt. I think I made the right decision.“Thank you so much, Sammy. I don’t know…”She cupped my face in her hands and looked into my eyes“I-I love you.”It took my breath away.“I love you too, Veronica.”I blushed, suppressing a giggle.“Pet names already? C-Can I call you Nica, then?”“I don’t see why not. I love it.”
We talked and laughed way into the night until the store had to close.“I don’t want to go home yet. There is so much we can still talk about!”“Don’t you have school tomorrow?”“I can always call in sick.”“Bad girl.”We giggled madly as we left the cafe, holding our hands tightly. I felt so happy and free. After all this time, after all this confusion and loneliness, I found someone I think I could be happy with.“I hope this isn’t too forward, but I live nearby. W-Would you like to stay the night with me, Sammy?”I froze at her invitation. Now?“What did you have in mind?”“Just keep the conversation going. Maybe, relax with some snacks and watch a movie? We could make it a sleepover. What do you think?”It felt so incredibly inviting. Maybe, I could really call in sick tomorrow. I had never never missed a lesson before I became an alp. A single day wouldn’t hurt.“That sounds like a wonderful idea. Let’s do that.”
Her apartment was only a few blocks away. As we entered the pitch black living room, I picked up mouthwatering aroma. She turned on the lights and revealed a set of very luxurious furniture. Fluffy carpets were strewn all around the room and the wooden floor seemed to be heated.“Make yourself comfortable, Sammy. I’ll get us something to drink.”As she slithered into the kitchen, I took a seat on the couch and looked around. The apartment of my girlfriend…. My girlfriend? I still couldn’t quite fathom it, but it made my heart race. Shortly after, Nica returned with a bottle of soda, two glasses and some snacks.“This is my favorite. I hope you like it.”We spent the next couple hours munching on snacks and watching what we could find on TV. Eventually, my eyelids grew heavy, and I had difficulties keeping them open.“Are you tired?” she asked, hooking her arm around my back.“Yeah. A little. How about you?”“A little myself. Let's head to bed. I’ll join you in a minute. Are you fine with sleeping in your underwear, Sammy? You don’t have to if you don’t want to.”I hadn’t even considered that when I accepted earlier. Nica was my girlfriend now, so I had no good reason to decline, right? She headed for the bathroom as I slowly walked into her room. A large bed was the centerpiece of the room, framed by multiple drawers and a large mirror. The floor next to it looked large enough for a mattress for me to sleep on...“I’m back. What do you think?”She slithered behind me, entirely donning a thick, lime-green set of pajamas with swirling snakes on them.“It’s really pretty”, I replied absentmindedly.“Do you want some SE candy? Better safe than sorry.”She held a brown ball of chocolate in her fingers, handing it over to me.“Thank you Nica.’“My pleasure”, she replied, a slight blush on her face.The candy tasted indescribably good, filled with coconut cream and having a hint of mint.Satiated, I started to strip down only to realize that I still didn’t wear a bra. We both tried to laugh it off, but the blushes on our faces made our embarrassment quite apparent.“Do you have a mattress for me to sleep on, Nica?”She looked at me like I hit her.“What are you talking about? C’mere.”She quickly started wrapping me in her coils, stopping part way.“You're okay with this, aren’t you?”, Nica said with concern on her face.“Y-Yeah. It’s fine.”It was a strange feeling. I couldn’t move anymore with her tail wrapped around, pulling me close. Despite losing all control, I felt so safe.“Sweet dreams, Sammy.”, she whispered into my ear, giving me a kiss before pulling me onto the bed.Any worries from today quickly melted away as I drifted off in her firm embrace.
  
    Chapter Text
    Warm sunlight shone on my face, tearing me out of the sweetest of dreams. Her soft embrace. Her gentle kiss… Eyes still closed, I spun around, burying my face deeper into my comfy pillows. A pleasured gasp filled the room, making me shiver."Good morning, dear. I hope you had pleasant dreams?"Nica's voice echoed in my head. Was I still dreaming? With hope in my heart, I slowly opened my eyes. Golden gems shone in the twilight of the room, framed in a beautiful purple. I almost squealed in joy as I noticed that It hadn’t been a dream."Good morning, Nica. I had a wonderful sleep. Thank you."I snuggled into her neck, delighting in the touch of her lukewarm skin. I still couldn't believe that all of this really happened, but the way she had my legs tightly wrapped in her tail was more than enough for me to feel at ease. Weakly hugging me, I noticed that her hands were cold to the touch."You are sooo warm~"She pulled me into her embrace, her head resting on mine. Nuzzling myself into her, she gently massaged my back with her muscular tail."N-Nica. W-What are you doing..?", I gasped as her hands reached over my shoulders."I'm warming up, silly~", she whispered sultrily."H-How late is it? W-We should be getting up.""I don't want to. You're so warm! Let's stay like this for a while..."I looked at the clock hanging from the wall. It was 7 o'clock. I sighed contentedly, closing my eyes and waiting for Veronica to doze off again. It didn't take long for her to fall asleep, loosening her coils ever so slightly. Careful not to wake her, I slowly pulled myself out of her arms, untangling myself from her coils and quietly putting on my top. I think I knew another way to warm her up.
On tiptoes, I sneaked into the bathroom to fresh myself up. She had a gargantuan tub to fit her size, dozens of shampoo and soap bottles along it's edge. Washing my face, I thought about the echidna sleeping not too far away. I had really done it. I don't think I could have lived with myself if I let that opportunity pass. She looked so forlorn and lonely when she told me of her situation. I knew that I could help her and she knew that she could help me through all of our troubles. She showed me what real affection and care looked like, felt like. Something I think both of us had been sorely missing. At one point, there was affection for my parents when they still cared about me, but I had never truly loved someone. The budding feeling that filled my entire body when I looked at her was just that. I knew that now. I… I just wanted to be with her. I was still afraid of the implications this choice would bring, but if that meant we could be together like this and see that smile on her face more…. It’s all so worth it. She would wake soon, wondering where I went. Before that happens, I want to make sure she has a nice, hearty breakfast to start her day. 
Her kitchen was clean and spacious but poorly maintained. I found a few ingredients after searching through the fridge that I could use. There wasn’t much, so I hope she would be alright with bacon and eggs. Searching through the cabinets, I found an apron and coffee beans. The apron was way too big for me, but I wanted to try it on nonetheless. Putting it on, I hoped Nica wouldn’t mind. Looking it over and twirling around, I realized something.  From the front, the fabric hid my top entirely, making it look like I was wearing nothing else. What would Veronica think if she saw me? The thought only caused my cheeks to turn redder. Pushing my indecent thoughts aside, I started to crack open some eggs and start up the coffee machine, letting the bacon sizzle as I went. A pleasant aroma wafted through the apartment, soon drawing out a certain echidna from her lair.“Did you make breakfast? It smells divine...”, she yawned, slithering up to me.“Y-Yeah. I hope you like it.”I scratched my head in embarrassment as she gently patted my head.“You’re so sweet. After what you brought to the meeting, I’ll eat anything you make for me. Found my apron? Never really got much use out of it, sadly. It suits you. I’m gonna warm up in the living room if you need me.”“O-Okay.”, I stuttered, as she made herself a cup of coffee and gave me a quick kiss before sliding out of the room.My heart began to pound again. How could she be so relaxed? Tense all over, I absentmindedly prepared two platters of bacon and eggs, making sure to put more on her plate than mine. I added some dried parsley, basil, and dill to the steaming dish before following her into the living room. 
Nica was reclining on the couch, wrapped in a thick, woolen blanket, waiting for the wooden floor to heat up. I smiled at her as she groggily lifted her head.“Not a morning person?”, I said with a slight chuckle.“It… It’s too cold. I need to warm up first.”I took a seat next to her, giggling at the snake burrito. She looked so cute.“W-Want me to feed you? I-I’m sure it’ll warm you up!”Her eyes visibly lit up as she tried her best to nod eagerly. Piece by piece, I fed the sluggish echidna, watching as she became more animate with every bite. Both our cheeks blushed at the passionate nursing I subjected her to. With the last piece of food, her lethargy had vanished entirely, replaced by the cheery, energetic personality I so quickly fell in love with.“Thank you so much, Sammy! It tasted wonderful. Let me return the favor!”She pulled me closer as she reached towards the table and picked up my plate.“You must be starving. Here. Have a bite.”I had no objections, cuddling up to her and resting my head against her shoulder. She carefully fed me, motherly kisses on my cheek every couple of portions. She was caring and loving, adjusting her tail every so often to make sure I was comfortable. My tension slowly melted away in the emerald green sea of her.“Tasty, isn’t it? I haven’t had such a good breakfast in a while. Thank you so much.”I slid my hand behind her, my arm caught between the warm, fluffy blanket and Nica’s back.“My pleasure, Nica. How about we rest some more before we head out to get some groceries? Your kitchen is dreadfully empty.”“I would like that. Now come here, dear. I’m still not warm enough.”Smothered between her generous bust, strong arms, smooth tail, and a warm blanket, I pulled myself onto her lap. I smiled in glee as I rested my head against her chest.
After about half an hour of morning relaxation, we both got ready to leave her apartment. We agreed on avoiding public transport for now, considering recent events. My short legs made keeping up with her rather difficult, but she was considerate and slowed her pace. I wanted a nice walk with my girlfriend, not a race, so I took her hand in mine and continued on. I visited the rural part of town rather rarely, so the streets and narrow alleyways were entirely new to me. Nica however, had a firm grip on our location and accurately led me through the twisting maze of buildings."Almost there. We'll just have to go through the park."She pointed towards a growing, green spot between the looming, grey walls. Flowers grew all around the edges of the miniature forest that now stood before us. Bees and butterflies circled the lucious and colorful patches as we followed the winding path through the park. This gorgeous display of life in the midst of all the concrete made the city look cold and lifeless in comparison. It was so full of vigor, that it seemed to jump over to me.Arriving at the park's edge, a simple, wooden building came into view. An elaborate sign, depicting a barometz holding two bags of groceries, was mounted above a large glass door. I looked up to Nica, who just gave me an approving nod. We were just about to enter when a familiar voice echoed behind me."Hey, girly! How are ya doin? Why didn' ya come to school, today?"Rena tore me out of my thoughts as she and Jaqueline came up from behind. As we turned around to meet them, Nica whispered in my ear."Do you know these girls, Sammy?""Yes. They’ve helped me out a lot since my transformation."A blush crept back into my face as I realized the situation I was in."H-Hey girls! I-I was out pretty late yesterday and…""She was at my place~.", Nica said while laying a hand on my shoulder."I see our efforts have borne fruit after all?", Jaqueline giggled with a smug grin.I wasn't sure how to introduce her, but Nica decided to do it herself."You were the ones that made her look so pretty for me? I'm Veronica. Nice to meet you."I shrank under their gazes as Nica wrapped her tail around my legs.Rena began to squeal in surprise and delight at Nica’s obvious sign of affection."Ya look sooo cute together! I woulda’ given ya way more tips if I had known this was gonna happen!  Wait… Veronica? Veronica Halloway?"Nica looked pleasantly surprised, scratching her chin.“Yes. That would be me. Happy to get to know you. I’m more used to mamono knowing me by name. Thank you so much for supporting my darling.”I covered my face in embarrassment at her words. Why does she have to be so blunt?“Sis’ told me so much about ya! Greetings from Saskia.”, she chimed as she hooked into Jaqueline’s arm.“Now, give me all the juicy details! What did ya do already? I wanna know!”Nica began to blush, at a loss of words from her bluntness."W-We got together yesterday. There is not much to talk about yet… How is Saskia doing?""She's doin' great. Got herself a boyfriend even! Thank ya for helpin' her! I hope ya can do the same for girly here."Nica slung her arms around my neck, resting her chin between my horns."Believe me, I will~""Do ya need some help with that? Jackie and I have a lot of to-""Rena!", Jaqueline shouted, firmly gripping her girlfriend by her arm.“Oh, look at the time! We still got something to do. See you around, Sammy. Have fun, you two~”, Jaqueline said sultrily, winking at us as she pulled her girlfriend around the next corner.We stared at each other in embarrassed silence.“Those two were….”“Interesting?”“...Yeah.”“Jaqueline and Rena are really sweet, actually. But they can be a little hard to deal with sometimes..”Nica agreed as she began to loosen her grip on my legs... Was she jealous? I felt kind of proud that she cares about me that much.“Let’s head in, shall we?”
The store was small but had a whimsical and comfy atmosphere. Almost everything in the building was organic. The shelves, tables, and counters were all made of wood. Vines snaked along the walls as moss slowly crept up from the ground. At first glance, It looked closer to an abandoned ruin. The longer I looked, however, the more I noticed that it was far from the truth. The shelves were meticulously kept, holding hundreds of different vegetables, fruits, and herbs. A dryad wandered through the rows of shelves, restocking if needed. At the far end of the store, a large staircase led into the basement, surrounded by dozens of pretty but presumably carnivorous plants.“I come here sometimes for healthy snacks. Maybe, we can find something tasty you can cook! Do you have any ideas?”“I’m not sure yet… Oh! Nica? Do you like spicy food? What do you think about curry?”Her golden eyes widened, clearly excited.“I haven’t had that since I was little! What do you need?”I proceeded to lead the echidna around the store with a woven basket in her hands, carrying everything I picked out.I swept through the ingredients, quickly filling the basket with bundles of herbs, chillies, garlic, limes, oil, and a fresh coconut. I stopped when I added two eggplants and cumin seeds, my mind showing me visions of Veronica… I forgot to eat the candy, didn’t I? Trying to ignore the rising heat in my body, I turned back to her.“That should be it! Now we just need some meat to go along with it. How does chicken sound?”Nica thought for a moment, lifting the heavy basket effortlessly.“Chicken sounds good. I believe they keep meat downstairs. Just don’t let the decorations bite you. Only I can do that~.”, she said with a sly grin.The basement held some actual fridges which I did not expect. I picked some fine looking chicken breast and headed towards a barometz cashier, Nica in tow. 
As soon as we returned to her apartment, I quickly grabbed and devoured the first SE candy I got my hands on. While I waited for my tail to stop twitching, I unpacked the basket. I started washing the herbs as Nica followed me into the kitchen.“Do you need some help, dear? I’m not very good at cooking, but I’ll do what I can.”Her sincere smile almost melted my heart.“I don’t think that is going to be necessary, Nica. Why don’t you take a bath? I can call you when it’s done.”I gave her a kiss on the cheek before continuing to clean the ingredients.“I’ll keep the water warm for you~.”, she whispered into my ear.I began to cut the herbs and the chillies into tiny pieces. They were hellishly spicy, exactly what I wanted them to be. I carefully prepared ingredient after ingredient, putting them into a large pot once I was finished. Next, I let the chicken breast saute in a hot pan for just a few minutes. Waiting for the meat to turn a golden brown, I continued with the eggplants. They had a dark purple sheen and were long and rigid. I wondered if Nica’s looked anything like…. My blood began to boil as my tail twitched in arousal. I wouldn’t be able to keep this up for much longer.I added the eggplant, remaining condiments, and the into the pot. As a finishing touch, I cracked open the coconut and poured the milk into the mix. Now, it just had to simmer for a while. I took a cautious taste, the heat of the sauce spreading through my body. Perfect. I closed the lid and returned to the living room.
I waited on the couch, my body quivering with feelings even the SE candy couldn’t seem to suppress. She may not have been close to me, but knowing Veronica was here lit a fire within me. Her mere presence drew me in, and my self-control was gradually eroding. I needed to do something soon, but what? My mind went blank as Nica emerged from the bathroom clad in a sleek, black babydoll with an intricate scale pattern on it. This sure as hell wasn’t helping.“The water is still warm if you want to take a dip.”She winked at me, clearly not knowing that I was about to explode.“Y-Yes… I’ll do that… T-The curry will take another 20 minutes anyway.”I breathed heavily, my chest heaving at the blistering speed my heart thumped at.“Are you alright, Sammy?”, she asked with concern on her face.“Y-Yeah! I-I’m fine.. I just need a rest in the bath...”I kept my eyes locked onto her face, fearing that wandering downwards could push me over the point of no return.“I-I’ll be back soon. D-Don’t eat without me!”I could feel her eyes follow me as I left.
Even though the entire bathroom was pleasantly warm, heated by the water and from below, it was incomparable to the burning sensation within me. I was sweating profusely as I ripped my clothes off my body as fast as possible. A nice bath would be just what I need to calm down. That was what I hoped. I carefully dipped my feet into the water, letting them soak for a while. Here I was, entirely naked, in the bathroom of my girlfriend who was…. probably well endowed... My chest ached as I slipped into the tub. I held my breath, entirely submerging myself. I didn’t feel warm nor cold. I felt hot. So incredibly hot. I crossed my arms over my midriff, tightly clutching it with both hands. A searing heat swept through my body, originating just below my stomach. I slid my fingers across my belly, shaking in delight. Slowly, my head emerged from the water. The heat only builds, making me shiver uncontrollably. What was happening to me? An intoxicating scent robbed me of my willpower. I couldn’t stand it anymore and began to reach downwards. I gasped in both surprise and pleasure as I made contact. My hands now rested on my pelvis. I had never felt like this before. Jolt after jolt of arousal mixed with a hint of fear coursed through me. It ached and feelings of want- no… need rushed through me… My womb… I felt so... alone. I wanted someone with me. I wanted someone to love me. I wanted her. I lost control over myself. My hands brushed across my body. One moved up to my chest, gently moving over my erect nipples and rubbing my breasts. I whimpered at every stroke. I wanted this. I craved this. My other hand, ignored in my onslaught of bliss, snaked downwards.
A loud moan escaped my mouth as two of my fingers caressed what was once my manhood. Filled with shame and lust, I regained enough control to cover my mouth. I wouldn’t be able to stop now. I knew it. I feared it. Some part of me didn’t care. Lustful determination gripped my soul, causing me to rub a little harder. I squealed and squirmed inside the tub, unable to control these surging, lascivious sensations. My fingers sped up, bit by bit, until they furiously rubbed my… clit. Lewd thoughts flashed through my mind. What if… What if Nica would do this to me? What if she did.. more? My tail coiled around my leg, holding on for dear life. My mamono instincts took root. Not long and I would be complete…. Wait… no. Not now. Not yet. I want this to last. I want this to be special. I had to control myself, fight against my blooming lust. My legs shook and my spine arched backwards. Soon, I would have done it. The first step towards what I truly wanted. An ear splitting moan caused me to grit my teeth to stifle it, my toes curling in ecstasy as I pushed myself over the edge. I trembled in the aftershocks of my first orgasm as a woman. My anxiety, lust, and some of my reservations washed away in a torrent of ecstacy. I could get used to this.“Honey? Are you alright? Should I come in?”My cheeks turned burning red as embarrassment replaced the floaty feelings. I wanted, I needed her to come in, but my senses quickly caged these hedonistic thoughts deep inside me.“N-No. It’s fine. I just stubbed my toe. I’ll be done soon.”“Okay, dear! Don’t make me wait too long~.”
My cravings and needs had seemed to have been sated for now, but I could still feel them boiling deep inside me. There was a bubbling sensation within my stomach that I still didn’t fully understand. I wasn’t missing only spirit energy but pleasure too. I had been in this body for so long with no relief. I began to fear I wouldn’t be able to think clearly when I was by her side, but I think I could manage, at least for today. I sighed in resignation as I dried off. On shaky legs, I put my clothes back on and headed for the living room.“I-I’m done, Nica. I think the curry should be ready now.”My cheeks were still flushed and Nica smiled at me, a lustful glint in her eyes.“Did you like the bath? It’s a wonderful feeling, isn’t it? You look… exhausted though. Come here, and lie down. I’ll get the food.”“Y-Yeah. It was… nice.”I slumped back onto the couch, trying to make myself comfortable as I waited for Nica to return. The sweet and hearty aroma of the curry soon wafted into the living room, letting me know that she was coming back. She placed two plates before me, before lounging herself on the other side of the couch.We laid head to head, looking at the ceiling of the cozy room.“U-Ummm Nica? D-Did you have a… partner before?”, I stammered, earning me an amused giggle.“I had my fair share of crushes when I was still in school, but it never really worked out. You’re the first person I ever got this close to.”“Then… Why me? You are so b-beautiful and kind. You would have had no problems finding someone, right?”"Well… Besides my ‘condition’, I never met someone that I got more than a glancing interest in. When I saw you for the first time, seemingly lost in front of my office, I hoped you would be the one. I wanted to hold you, to cuddle you, to love you, to-”She stopped mid sentence, her tail twitching slightly and a blush spreading across her face.“I was so happy when I realized it wasn't just one-sided."Her words made my heart jump for joy.We kept laying like this, content with the closeness we now shared. I swallowed heavily, carefully choosing what to say.“I-I love you, Nica. I don’t really know what to say, but I’m glad I’m your first.”She gasped in surprise, raising her head and turning enough to look into my eyes.“Sammy. I love you too. I’m happy to be yours and wish to be your only.”She gave me a heartfelt kiss, making me quiver in delight. If my needs weren’t satiated, I may have very well jumped her right here.“I love you too, s-sweetheart. L-Let’s eat, or the curry will get cold.”We both agreed, raising up from our resting places. The dish was just as spicy as I hoped it would be. We both ate our fair share of curry until we sank back into the couch, locked in a warm embrace.“Let’s take a little nap, Sammy. Afterwards, we could go out again. How does the mall sound?”I rested my head on her chest, closing my eyes.“I’d love that.”So many questions were still burning in my mind. Some of them scared me. Some of them aroused me, but I desperately needed an answer to them.“N-Nica?”“Yes, dear?”“H-How is this all supposed to work?”“What do you mean?”, she asked me with a troubled look.“I love you, Nica. But I don’t know where this relationship stands. Where do we go from here? W-We both have our needs and wants... I get that, but I would like to know what you think about me. what you wish for.”Her serpentine form coiled and uncoiled multiple times in apprehension until she found an answer.“That…. is  a difficult question to answer, Sammy. I know you’re still uncertain about some parts of this relationship, and I won’t hold that against you. What’s most important to me right now is that you feel safe and sound. I want you to feel alright in your new body, as a psychiatrist and as a girlfriend. I will go as far as I need to in order for you to be happy. We can go as fast or slow as you like, but I hope you understand where this will lead. M-My urges are… quite strong to say the least, maybe even worse than yours. I don’t want to push you. I don’t want to force you into anything. How about we enjoy this day some more, so you can think about this, alright?”My desires kept pounding at the back of my mind, screaming for me to go ahead and accept the inevitable. I would be hers and she would be mine. Just... not yet.“Thank you, Veronica. I-I’m sorry that I don’t have an answer yet, but maybe sometime soon we can try something… I don’t want to keep you waiting forever...”The last bit almost got stuck in my throat. I turned up to see Nica’s reaction to what I had to say. To my relief, she was smiling back at me.“You have no idea how happy you make me by saying that, but I have to ask. I haven't crossed a line, have I? I-I felt a little guilty after this morning and didn’t know if I made you uncomfortable at any point.”“I-No. Of course not. I-I'm just not used to any of this yet, being with someone, loving someone. I mean… It still felt like a dream when I woke up. I didn’t want any of this to end.”“That’s a relief.  Don’t be afraid to talk to me, okay Sammy? I was a little worried about you when we got back home earlier. We’re in this together now, right?”“Yeah… Thank you, Nica. I really appreciate it. I love you.”“I love you too, darling”, Nica said as she tightened her grip to pull me into a snug embrace.Without exchanging another word, we fell asleep in each other's arms. I was certain I would never forget this day.
  
    Chapter Text
    The streets were full of life when we headed out to the mall, the sun still hanging overhead. Nica kept close to me at all times, her bountiful body between me and the busy road. Dozens of people followed their daily routines, scurrying thoughtlessly across the boiling concrete. The path was long, so we took our time strolling through the streets.“Do you go to the mall often, Nica? Jackie, Rena, and Saskia took me there before the last meeting, so I could get my new look. I hadn’t been there before that.”She looked at me, cocking her head to the side.“I really should properly thank those girls for that. To answer your question though, no, not really. I haven’t been there in a long while. I heard that an arcade recently opened in it. It’s getting really popular. I thought we could do some shopping and play some games, just the two of us~. What do you think?”I remembered seeing it during my last visit. It was close to the store that Jaqueline had a... certain interest in.“That sounds fun. Any idea on what you want to buy?”I began to blush a little, staring upwards for a second to clear my head.“I would like to buy some new clothes. My stuff is rather old, and I want to look presentable next to my girlfriend. Maybe a dress or skirt? I’m not sure.”Remembering the last time I was here, I remember the multitude of dresses and outfits I saw in the store windows. A particular violet cocktail dress came to mind, and I couldn’t help but imagine Nica sweeping me off my feet in it. I didn’t want to object, but I was concerned about my self control.“T-There are some nice shops I walked by before. Maybe, they have something for you.”Her face lit up, apparently eager to see what we could find.“Then lead the way, Sammy. How about you choose something for me? I’m sure you’ll make a good decision.”“O-Okay… But you have to choose for me too. D-Deal?”“Deal!”, she beamed.I wasn’t sure if this was the best idea, but I don’t think I could pass up this opportunity.
We walked for around half an hour until the large and colorful building complex came into view. The mall was as packed as I feared. Seemingly hundreds of people streamed in and out of the building. Nica’s tail twitched slightly whenever someone walked past us. Was she anxious?“You worry too much, Nica. I can take care of myself. Nothing will happen to me with you around, anyways.”, I snorted with a slight smile.“But what if some dirty jerk grabs onto your tail again? You wouldn’t want that either, right?”“Then, you can help me clea-”My cheeks flushed as I realized what I was about to say. My mind and my mouth don’t always get along after all. Being an alp didn’t seem to help...“Oh my~ Was that an invitation, dear?”, she whispered alluringly.“M-Maybe? C-Can we talk about that later? Let’s get into a shop first, okay?”I pointed towards the closest shop, prompting Nica to follow my gaze.“Those look really cute! Let’s take a look.”The familiar cocktail dress was the centerpiece of the exhibit. Wine red pieces of fine velvet peeked through and below the extravagantly but scandalously cut fabric. Other dresses of similar color and patterns were on each side of it.“Like that one, Sammy? Do you think it would suit me?”“I-I think you would still look good in rags, Nica. B-But I think something… ‘cooler’ would suit you way better.”, I stuttered as she gave me a big smile.“You are such a charmer. Let's head inside. Maybe, we’ll find what we’re looking for.”
Clothes in all shapes and sizes, fitting any girl who might come in, were displayed inside the store. We swept through the rows, splitting up so that each of us could surprise the other with our choices. After about 15 minutes, I found what I wanted Nica to try. Bag in hand, I moved to the changing rooms, waiting for her to arrive. She followed shortly after, a big, goofy smile on her face. We exchanged our bags before heading into our rooms.“I hope you like what I picked out!”, she said while giggling happily.I entered the room, anticipating what Nica wanted me to wear. I carefully opened the bag before my jaw dropped. Purple and red fabric greeted me with their soft, silken shine. She chose one of those for me… How am I even supposed to wear it? I blushed deeply as I tried to put it on. I had never thought I would ever wear a dress, but if Nica wished for it then I couldn't refuse. I examined myself in the mirror after I was done. It looked… normal, cute even. I really liked how it looked, but being the one wearing it felt ‘odd’ in a way. I wasn’t supposed to be the one wearing it, or was I? The outfit before was one thing but this was so… feminine. I slowly turned around, looking at my backside. The dress had thin straps reaching over my shoulders, leaving an open back in the shape of a ‘v’ and revealing the smooth skin beneath. My tail poked through a small slit at my tailbone, apparently designed for mamono to wear. The fabric reached down just above my knees, a more conventional version of what I pictured Nica wearing. However, it still featured the same style, violet cloth wrapping over and showing a wine red velvet layer underneath. All together, it gave off an unfamiliar yet alluring aura. I hoped Nica would like it as much as she thought she would. I twitched in anticipation, straightening the folds of the dress. With a deep breath and exited the room. Nica stood there, wearing a plain but rather form fitting white shirt that accentuated her assets. A dark blue denim skirt covered her lower body and the attire was topped off by a smooth, black leather jacket. She looked… intimidating but not scary, confident if anything. It felt like she could beat anyone's ass if she wanted, and seeing her in such an outfit filled me with a strange sense of security. We just stared at each other in awe.“Perfect.”, we both said in unison, forcing a laugh out of both of us.“Y-You look so… How do I say this? …powerful in that.”“Thank you, Sammy. It’s nothing compared to you though. You look breathtaking like this, my little princess. Do you like it?”Princess? I didn’t know how to feel or what to feel, but I surely wasn’t upset.“Y-Yes. It’s very comfortable and fits me well.”With a sly grin, she slithered past me into my changing room, only to emerge with my old clothes in the bag.“Good. You can keep it on, darling. I’ll get it for you as a thanks for the wonderful meal this morning.”I was dumbfounded and wanted to refuse, but Nica held my clothes just out of reach.“Fine… But I pay for yours, alright?”“Fine by me!”, she said joyfully as we headed towards the cashier.
I felt so exposed in this dress but not in a bad way. The cool air brushing past my back made my spine tingle as we left the store. At first, I hoped nobody would notice me in this, but I soon realized that I didn’t really care that much about anybody but Nica right now. Her mere presence calmed me down, and the new outfit only reinforced it. We strolled through the mall some more until we arrived at the arcade. It was a spacious establishment, run and owned by a raiju that kept zipping all over the place. Dozens of neon lit arcade machines were installed around the room, some of them way older than me. I felt a strange kind of nostalgia, despite never having touched any of them in the first place. I had played my fair share of games in the past, but arcade games were never amongst them. Cheering echoed past the large lounge as a group of teens barely younger than me held a tournament in the back. The warm and mesmerizing lights of the arcade felt incredibly welcoming even though I couldn’t put a finger on why.“Ever been in an arcade before, Nica?”“Yes, I visited one with Saskia a lot when she still was one of my patients. It was a good way for her to release some stress while having some fun. I really took a liking to fighting games back then. Want to try, Sammy? I swear I’ll go easy on you, at first at least.”, she said with a wicked grin. I nodded in agreement, following her through the rows of games until we found a machine that struck both our fancies. Surprisingly enough, we agreed on an old school, zombie survival shooter.“It may not be a fighting game Nica, but we can play this one together. What do you say?”“I like it. Just keep the braineaters off my back!” , she giggled enthusiastically.I was happy we chose this one since Nica would have most likely mopped the floor with me otherwise. She was so incredibly skilled that I started asking myself what she may have done before opening her office. Slowly but surely, we crept towards the local highscore, drawing in more and more interested spectators. While she seemed to be in the zone, I felt slightly on edge. The dress that Nica chose may have been incredibly cute, but it made me very self conscious as well. I stole a glance at her once in a while, marveling at her dedication and focus. If she's just putting this much effort into a game, what would happen if she put that into… me? The small crowd drew me out of my thoughts. We were only one level away from the local record, and Nica looked like she was determined to take the top spot. With a last, well placed shot, she did, engraving our names on the leaderboards. She looked very satisfied with herself, which she more than deserved since her score almost doubled mine.“There are a lot of things I don’t know about you yet, do I? I can’t wait to see more.”Nica winked at me, smirking as a blush spread across her face.“I could show you some time if you want~.”“M-Maybe, I do.”, I stuttered.“Congratulations, you two! Didn’t expect somebody to break my record!”The bubbly raiju dashed towards us, a big smile on her face.“Do you two want a drink? It’s on the house!”We look at each other before accepting her offer.“I’ll take a coke. How about you, Sammy?”“I-I’ll take the same. Thank you.”
We sat on a comfortable couch in the back of the arcade, watching the others try to beat Nica’s score as we enjoyed our drinks.“How did you like today, Sammy? Did you have fun?”“Yeah. It was wonderful. I wished we could continue some more, to be honest.”“Me too, but I fear it will become too late by then. We should leave soon, don’t you think?”We reluctantly stood up, getting ready to leave. We thanked the raiju for her hospitality and headed towards the door until I caught a glimpse of a claw machine in a corner of the arcade. A large, green, and fluffy plush viper stared at me with beady eyes. Nica made me so happy today, and I wished to return the favour. I plucked out my wallet and popped a coin into the machine, much to Nica’s surprise.“What are you doing, dear?”“You’ll see when I get it, Nica. Turn around for a sec, please?”It took me a couple of attempts, but soon the emerald green danger noodle was within my grasp. I had an idea on what to do, but Nica was a little too tall for me to reach.“Can you lean down a little? Keep your eyes closed”, I said as I pulled it out of the machine, carefully wrapping it around Nica’s neck.“It really suits you, Nica. I hope you like it.”“It’s so cute, Sammy! Thank you so much!”Nica pulled me in for a drawn out kiss, much to my delight. Hand in hand and Nica snuggling her new ‘accessory’, we left the arcade. I wished this day would never end as Nica tapped me on the shoulder, pointing at a large, rectangular box next to the mall exit.“I want to remember this day, Sammy. How about we take a picture in that photo booth over there?”“W-Why not? I’d love to.”Energetically, she pulled me into the booth which was barely big enough for both of us. Sitting on her massive tail, I awkwardly looked into the camera. Nica wrapped her hand around me and pressed the button with a wide grin. She was so full of life and joy that it was almost infectious. It was a far cry from what my life used to be. Her slowly cooling skin brushed past my arms, making me shiver slightly. She was very satisfied with the photo, showing it to me. I knew she was taller than me for sure, but I hadn’t really considered the size difference between us. I looked kind of like a doll in her arms, making me feel tiny in comparison. How would she even..?“This one looks nice. Don't you think, Sammy?”I nodded shyly, trying to force the inappropriate blush off my face.“Let's take some more. There are some more ideas I have. Turn towards me. Feeling comfortable? Good.”She lunged at me, locking my lips with hers in a passionate kiss. Light-headed, I closed my eyes as her lips locked with mine. The loud snapping sound of the camera made me fear it would end too soon, but she held me tightly for longer. Her passion and love seeped into me, making my tail twitch uncontrollably. I tried my best to return the favor, responding with loving vigor. I was in pure bliss as she slowly pulled herself away. The picture turned out beautifully, both of us visibly lost in each other.“One more~”, she said sultrily while moving behind me, crossing her arms over my chest.Her head was only inches away from my left ear as her slender tongue almost flicked against it.“Should I wash your tail for you next time?”Her seductive tone and the incredible closeness robbed me of my breath as my cheeks began to heat up. I slammed my eyes shut and nodded in embarrassment.
 
*SNAP*
“Perfect~”, she chimed, gleefully looking at the photo before us.She loomed over me, but not in a scary or uncomfortable way. She looked like a protector guarding her treasure, and my heart jumped in my chest at the mere thought.“I’ll print all of them twice so we can keep them, alright?”“Y-Yes. S-Sounds good to me.”, I stammered, not knowing which question it was the answer to. Her offer still rang in my mind. She was so caring and soft that she might be the only one I would ever allow to touch it.
“It’s getting late, Sam. I’m sad to say that we have to part ways for today. I’ll give you a call once I’m home, okay?”She was clearly unhappy with leaving, and so was I. There were not many options left, but I didn’t want to end today like this. I didn’t want it to end at all. I didn’t want my girlfriend to go home alone.“N-Nica? I live pretty close by, closer than your place is anyways . I-It’s getting cold, and well… W-Why don’t you sleep at my place tonight? I have enough space for a guest. I-If you want, that is.”Her face lit up, but a wary and uncertain glint in her eyes overshadowed it.“I would love to, Sammy. But I… I am not sure if that is such a good idea. I imposed on you enough today as is. No need to go that far...”“P-Please, Nica. I really want you to stay with me tonight.”She clearly fought with herself as I attempted to persuade her with my best puppy dog eyes.“I… If you insist, I wont say no. But I think your bed is going to be too small for me. Do you have a couch I could sleep on?”“Nonsense! My bed is big enough. Believe me.”“W-We will see. Okay, I’ll stay if you’d like.”Her smile looked somewhat pained, and she shifted in discomfort.“Is everything alright, Nica? Don’t you want to stay..?”“I… I want to. Really. I fear the cold is getting to me.”I gave her a big hug, trying to warm her as much as I could and convey my gratitude. Nica took a deep breath that made me even more concerned.“I’ll get you warmed up, don’t you worry.”“How can I say no to that face, Sammy? Let’s go.”I hooked my arm into hers before leading her to my apartment.Nica tried her best to assure me everything was alright, but her firm grip and awkwardness wouldn’t let her hide how tense she really was. Her seemingly unending confidence seemed to crumble. I just hoped she was alright, and that I made the right choice for her to stay.
  
    Chapter Text
    The cool evening air had turned frigid as we arrived at my apartment. Nica was shivering already, so I quickly gathered up any blankets I could find inside the apartment. Her sluggishness soon subsided after I buried her in a mountain of warmth."T-Thank you, dear. I-I really hope I don't intrude."She shed her leather jacket to get more comfortable, her shining eyes fixated on me. Her gentle smile burned itself into my mind every time I saw it. She looked rather hesitant as I cozied up to her, a weary expression on her face."I-Is everything alright, Nica? Do you need something? A hot chocolate perhaps? I can make one for you if you want.""That would be wonderful, Sammy. Thank you.", she whispered as I went to the kitchen. I haven't seen her this meek before and I wanted her to smile. I wanted her to feel as safe and secure as she made me feel today. Was she not telling me something? Concerned, I pulled out my phone to read up on echidna.  They were known as the mother of monsters, were gentle souls, and had the lustfulness so many mamono shared. I knew she was cold-blooded but that couldn’t be it. I swallowed heavily when I read that echidna could feel who their perfect mate would be. Thinking that she chose me made my chest swell with pride. Hot drink in hand, I returned to the living room. Her face was flushed and she was staring at the ceiling like in a trance. It was obvious, she must be sick.“Are you alright, h-honey? Should I get a doctor?”“N-No, I’m alright! Believe me. I just feel a little under the weather.”I placed the hot cup onto the table in front of the couch before I nuzzled back into her side. I needed to warm her as much as I could since my heater was rather cheap and unreliable.She weakly lifted the cup, slowly sipping at the sweet and milky drink.“It smells exquisite, dear. That was just what I needed.”, she said slowly.Why the smell? Didn’t it taste good? She kept taking little sips until the cup was almost empty. She delighted in every swig and inevitably drank it all.“Ummm… Sammy? W-Where is the bathroom? I-I think I need to freshen up.”“Down the hall, last door to the left. You can’t miss it.”She nodded gratefully before slithering out of view. There was something I was missing, but I couldn’t get a grasp on what.
Nica was taking her time, so I chose to research a little more. Maybe, looking up echidna’s was a little too specific? I scoured an encyclopedia entry on mamono for anything relating to both smell and discomfort. Apparently, the smell of their husbands easily arouses them. Remembering my escapade this morning, I could only confirm that. But Nica was so… confident and strong. I could understand me falling to this, but not her. Thinking on what to do, I got a little more specific in my search. I quickly found an article about the lamia family, explaining their quirks and habits. A particular quote caught my eyes as I scrolled through it.‘Lamia’s both taste and smell with their tongues. Even the slightest whiff or taste of their husband can push weaker willed individuals into a lust filled frenzy.’I froze in shock, remembering something. I pulled out the pictures we took today to make sure. Did she lick my ear during that last picture? Oh no… If my fear was correct, then I brought her into a terrible situation. I jumped off the couch and headed straight towards the bathroom. I tried to draw her attention to me by knocking loudly on the door.“A-Are you alright, Nica? I’m sorry that I didn’t noti-”The words got stuck in my throat as the door creaked open. The lock broke down long ago, and I had never bothered to fix it. A mesmerizing scent almost knocked me off my feet. She stared at me in a mix of shock and horror, her hands firmly wrapped around her big, throbbing… I couldn’t look away. It was like I had been hypnotized by her… girths? She had two?! I wanted to scream. I wanted to run into my room and lock the door. I wanted to forget this ever happened. Those feelings quickly dissipated, however. Now, for some reason, I wanted to get closer instead. I wanted to help her... The sudden onslaught of my conflicting emotions and instincts made me dizzy. By Eros… What should I do?Clarity returned for just long enough for me to notice the tears welling up in her eyes.“I…. I-I’m sorry I...”, she sobbed, trying to cover both her crotch and her face with her hands but doing a bad job at both.“I-I should’ve gone home when… when… P-Please, don’t look at me! I feel so dirty, d-doing that here. I… I better go.”Seeing her pained expression and the fear in her eyes, my concerns were washed away by the need to… to… comfort her. Fighting against my own hesitation and anxiety, I took a few steps towards her.“Wha-... What are you doing, Sam? P-Please, I didn’t want this, I...”I took another step towards her, my love for her overshadowing everything.“D-Don’t hate me for this… I… I’m so sorry. What shou-?”Another step and Nica’s eyes widened as she looked away.“I’m… so unsightly. Y-You shouldn’t have to see… this. I can understand if you no longer want to-”I interrupted her mid sentence as I gently cupped her cheek in my left hand and leaned in for a deep kiss. I could feel one of her shafts press against my chest, but aside from a slight blush, I didn’t care.“Shhh... It’s alright, Nica. I’m here for you. Y-You can talk to me if you have problems. I… I should have known… It’s not your fault. It’s mine, really. W-We’re in this together, r-remember?”She was speechless, only sniffling softly in my arms. She was so strong and yet so frail as she let go of her anxiety. I kept close to her, wiping away her every tear. However, her second member pinned between my legs reminded me of the situation I was in. If she was to lose control for even a second, there was no chance I would get away before… before she takes me. I gently patted her head as her crying subsided.“But… But… what should I do? I can’t keep my urges under control like this! I would need to take-”“You don’t need to take anything, Nica. There are so many things I’m afraid of, so many new sensations I have yet to explore, but there is one thing I can do for you. Something that I know all too well.”Nica gazed at me in confusion, trying to make sense of what I said.“What… What could yo-”Her words were cut short by a pleasured gasp as I overcame my hesitation. Still cupping her face, I gently wrapped my right hand around one of her trembling shafts. It was a nostalgic feeling, for obvious reasons. Then, I remembered that it wasn’t my own and I had to try my best to suppress this stubborn revulsion still roiling in my head. Both of her twin members were so… alien. Their dark purple hue fading to almost black at the tips. The one in my grasp felt cool and smooth to the touch, faint veins snaking across it. It widened towards the middle before tapering to a point, a bead of precum dripping onto her other, quivering member. I swallowed heavily at the sight, trying my best to not drool as my mouth watered. They must have been about a foot long and were thicker than my arm at their widest point. How would this ever fit into-“S-Sammy! Why… You don’t have to-”“Hush, honey. I’ve done this a million times already. Nothing new to me.”I began to slowly move my hand along it until I reached the base. I thought I would meet resistance, but she hadn’t been cursed with the attachments I had initially expected. Instead, my fingers just slipped between her two shafts, causing her to quietly whimper in pleasure.“Everything is going to be alright, Nica. I’ll handle this.”Before she could answer, I closed in for another kiss as I slid my hand back up her shaft. She gasped and moaned into my mouth, much to my delight. I moved just a little bit faster for the next stroke, making her shudder and her tail whip about before she decided to wrap it around me. The experience felt so surreal as I started to… jerk off my girlfriend. Her arms wrapped around my shoulders, caressing my exposed back. It felt like the intimate embrace that lovers would share, and I loved it. I could feel myself drip onto the hard erection just below my crotch. I pressed her second member between my thighs, quivering everytime it brushed against my lower lips. A strange, passing sensation spread across my lips as her long tongue slowly brushed against it, asking for entry. I knew what she wanted and I would love to oblige. I opened my mouth just enough for Nica’s prehensile tongue to slip in. She playfully massaged my gums with the forked tip before entwining it with my own. It felt mind melting, making me speed up my ministrations once again. She convulsed slightly, the blood pumping through her erection telling me that she was close. Her moans got deeper and more needy as I pushed her closer and closer to her climax. A jolt of pleasure suddenly coursed through my chest, distracting me from my goal. Nica had snuck her hands inside my dress, caressing my breasts with her fingers and gently pinching my nipples. Her moan slowly built up into a scream, reverberating in my head. One of her hands began creeping downwards, and I spread my legs in anticipation, inviting her to continue. Nica slipped a hand into my panties, playing with my soaked lips. Her coils held me tightly against her as they undulated wildly, barely controlled. All of a sudden, Nica’s body tensed up, her coils constricting me like a vice. Nica knew she was getting close and so did I. She gently rubbed my aching clit, driving me further as well. In a final act of defiance towards the lingering aversion of the task at hand, I began rapidly stroking her entire length. Powerful shockwaves traveled through her entire body. Her tail clamped onto my legs like a bear trap as she released onto my belly and thighs. Her eyes rolling into the back of her head, she desperately recolored my dress over and over again. Her fingers began to erratically jerk over my untrained womanhood, quickly pushing me over the edge as well. As I came on her hand and soaked my panties, my legs turned to jelly and I collapsed onto my girlfriend. As soon as our climaxes subsided, I slowly pulled my head away. We were both breathing heavily, and Nica’s eyes were glazed over in the afterglow.“S….S-See, Nica? Everything is fine. I… I’ll help you anytime.”She was still hazy from the experience when she regained the confidence to speak.“I… I love you, Sammy. Thank you for going so far for me. You really didn’t have to go through so much trouble.”“I know, but I did it anyway. What kind of girlfriend would I be if I let my darling suffer so much? I love you too. Don’t ever think that I won’t. ”She nuzzled into my neck, giving me a weak kiss before pulling me closer once again. With her libido sated, Nica’s members conveniently receded inside a slit just below her waist. I enjoyed her embrace for a couple of moments until I noticed her cum seeping through the dress and dripping down my legs.“O-Oh my god. What have I done to you? I-I’m so sorry dear.”, she stuttered as I put my finger on her lips.“Don’t worry. It’ll wash out.”, I replied while pulling the cum drenched clothes over my head. Squeezing my hands through her loose coils, I pulled off my dripping panties. I threw the clothes into the hamper and couldn’t help but smile as her gaze longingly followed my underwear. I couldn’t help but feel prideful and free at being fully exposed in front of Nica. A feeling only intensified by her reciporation. She slowly pulled her shirt over her head, almost burying my face in her bountiful bosom. I was distracted, however, by her essence still clinging to my fingertips. The intoxicating smell clouded my thinking for a moment and I cautiously moved my finger towards my mouth to take a small lick. Her semen dissolved into a cocktail of bliss and ecstasy in my mouth, prompting me to lick my fingers completely clean. The feeling of relief was almost indescribable as her essence seeped into my very being.“Don’t do this on your own anymore, alright? I can always lend a ‘hand’.”The sultriness in my voice betrayed my instincts taking over, but it didn’t bother me too much since they slowly became a part of me.“Okay. I’ll remember that, darling~”Her usual confidence began to return, and I was happy that I was right.“How about we head to bed together?”, I giggled, much to Nica’s surprise.“Let me clean you up first!”She took a soft towel from the rack and soaked it in water before sliding it along my stomach.Slowly, her hands reached down to my thighs, brushing it across my exposed womanhood. She pulled downwards, wiping my legs clean of any lingering scent.“It would be really cruel if you had to wake up with that smell in your nose.”, she chimed.“Honestly, I don’t think I’d mind a bit~”“Ohh, you~ There! All clean. Let's get some sleep.”She gently picked me up before carrying me to my bedroom in a bridal carry.“Sweet dreams, Sammy. See you tomorrow.”“B… But… Why don’t you sleep here with me?”“What if it happens again? I don’t know if I could hold myself back. I might even...”“Then I’ll have to help you again, silly! Don’t worry about it. We talked about this, didn’t we? Whatever happens, I’ll be there with you. Now, get in here so I can keep you warm.”She hesitantly wrapped around me, my bed barely large enough for her to fit. It didn’t really matter to us though, because we fell asleep naked in each other's arms without a care in the world.
  
    Chapter Text
    Nica woke me from my slumber, her fingers gently combing through my hair. Spooned inside her bulk, I had enjoyed a deep and comfortable sleep. Her soft breath running down my neck made me shiver as I slowly opened my eyes.“Good morning, dear~ How about we take a quick morning shower to warm up, mh?”“That sounds good to me, Nica.", I yawned groggily before slowly slipping out of her coils."Let me get it ready, so you can warm up some more. I'll call you.”I clambered out of her warm embrace and trudged over to the bathroom to make sure the shower was just the right temperature before calling her over. She slithered into the room with a sly smile on her face. Nica winked at me, her bountiful, bare breasts swaying from side to side. The sight made my libido rise again, but I quickly pulled myself together. I stepped inside the shower and yipped in delight as Nica forced herself into the small cubicle with me. It wasn’t really made with large mamono in mind, so I was entirely surrounded by her. The warm water washed over our naked bodies, every drop making Nica livelier than before. She pressed her massive chest into my face, as she applied a generous amount of shampoo to my back. She spread it all over me with her gentle fingers, prompting me to return the favor.I cleaned every scale and every inch of purple skin in return until we both were thoroughly clean. “Now, there is only one place left.”, she cooed, a seductive grin on her face.I knew what was about to come, and the anticipation was killing me.“Ready, dear?”“Y-Yeah. Please, be gentle.”With careful movements, she maneuvered her hands around my waist until they surrounded the base of my slender tail. I grit my teeth in advance as her fingers took hold. She slowly pulled her hands along it, letting me moan into her chest. The pleasure was as indescribable as it was addicting. She felt my tension rise, making sure to stop every time before she pushed me over the edge. Nica cared for me with motherly affection and loving devotion until she arrived at my spade. Her gentle smile turned into a toothy grin as she turned me around to get a better view of my backside. Nica lightly tugged my tail upwards, making me squeal as her rising members pressed against my tailbone.“Wait! N-No… I-I’m not ready yet, Nica.”“Don’t worry, darling. I will do nothing you don’t like. I promise”I nodded silently, surrendering myself to her. Just moments later I felt her trembling rod firmly lodged between my cheeks, her already leaking tip pushing against the base of my tail as the other one came to rest on my lower back. My tail, twitching in excess, slowly wrapped itself around it until I had a firm grasp on her second, neglected shaft.I was drowning in sweet bliss at her touch, my hips pressing against her. One hand let go of my tail, firmly latching onto my breast. Gasping in surprise, it quickly turned into an ecstatic scream. She had put the tail tip into her mouth, giving it a gentle kiss as her long tongue wrapped itself around my sensitive appendage. We both began to rock our hips against each other in unison, drawing moans of pleasure from her. Every time her smooth member hit my tail, agonizing jolts of ecstasy travelled up my tail to meet her eager tongue. Her second rod slid in and out of my tailhold, making me think of all the possible paths it could eventually make its way into. The thought of her slipping up filled my heart with dread and morbid curiosity. She lapped along every inch of my black blue-ish spade. My womb contracted with every lick and every thrust of my pelvis, letting torrents of love juice run down my shaky legs onto her winding coils beneath me. I desperately held onto the wall, trying my best to calm down. Soon I couldn't resist her touch any longer as she pushed me over the edge. I climaxed with a loud scream, followed by Nica soon after. Twitching and tossing inside her coils, I thrashed around until my pleasureful high subsided as her two heavy loads covered my back in a creamy layer of semen.“How did you like that, dear? Did I do good?”, Nica panted, which I could only answer with an exhausted nod.She lowered herself towards my butt, resting her nose between my cheeks.“Let me have a taste~”Slowly, she dragged her long tongue along my sopping wet womanhood. Nica gathered up every drop of juice, forcing a throaty, delighted moan out of her throat. Her semen dripped down my backside, mixing with the exotic cocktail that she was delighting in. I felt a sense of sadness as her thick life energy washed down the drain. What a waste it was.“You taste simply divine, Sammy~. Inside and out!”She rose again, wrapping her arms around my stomach and hugging me tightly.I melted in her grasp, unable to even formulate an answer. I leaned my head back into her chest, staring up into her beautiful eyes. I couldn’t move, and I didn’t even want to.“Oh my~ I guess I have to get you dolled up today myself, don’t I?”, she giggled as she carefully dragged me out of the shower.Drying me off with a towel, Nica carried me back into my bedroom. Soon, I laid back on my bed, my face covered with my hands. It was so embarrassing to have her dress me like she wanted, but the joyful smile she gave me after she finished her work made it more than worth it."Dear? Should we go shopping today? I think you should start wearing a bra.", she giggled.Confused, I ran my hand across my chest. They felt a tiny bit larger but not enough to need one."Why? It’s not like I have much to put inside them yet, right? Is that really necessary?""Because with every chance we get to have some ‘alone time,’ you’ll continue to grow. Besides, you’ll look cute wearing one, and I love to unwrap my presents~"She was really after me and aside from being embarrassing, it made me feel so wanted. Questions bubbled up in my mind as I recalled yesterday's events. I wasn't confident enough to ask yet, but I was sure I would work up the courage soon."How about we go for a walk, Nica? It always makes me feel refreshed in the morning.""I'm not sure if I can keep up, but I would love to try!", she grinned, her fangs glistening in the dim lamplight."I don't want to run, really. Just a nice stroll around the block. But I want to make you breakfast first! How do pancakes sound?""Darling, I’ll love anything you cook, but I do have a soft spot for pancakes. I'm sure they’ll be tasty!"Jackpot! Nobody can resist fresh pancakes!I knew for a fact that with my cooking, I would sweep her off her… tail? Humming happily, I went into the kitchen to quickly whip up an entire stack. I could almost see stars in her eyes as she sank her teeth into them. I made myself a handful too, but not nearly as many."You know, Sammy? I think you would make a wonderful housewife!"I stared at her in disbelief, causing her to overthink what she just said. She began to blush as she took another bite, trying to forget her little slip up."I don't think we are that far yet, are we? For now, let me be the doting girlfriend.", I said with a sly smile. She quickly calmed down, taking a generous swig of milk after a final bite. Satiated, she patted her belly."What a wonderful breakfast, dear. Are you ready to leave?""Yes. Are you warm enough? Do you need a scarf or something?""It's warm enough, dear. Don't worry about it. Besides…"With lightning fast movements, Nica bolted off the couch, wrapping herself around me."You can always heat me up, right?~"I blushed heavily as her chest brushed against my back."M-Maybe you should get dressed first, Nica?""Oh! By Eros, how could I forget?"
I lead her along my usual route, hoping to not run into George and his companions. Nica would probably blow a fuse if she saw the fucker from the bus again. The questions returned as we walked through the local park. ‘How’s,’ ‘when’s,’ ‘if’s,’ and ‘what's’ rolled through my mind, each of them more embarrassing then the previous one."Are you alright, Sammy? You look a little out of it today. Can I help you somehow?""I'm just a little tired. Yesterday was very… exhausting in a good way. Maybe, I just need some more rest.""I can help you with that.", she beamed as I suddenly began to lose my footing."What are you doing?"Effortlessly, she lifted me off the sidewalk, gently holding me in a bridal carry."Hold on tight, my princess~", she whispered, her pace quickening.We flew across the concrete with surprising speed, her undulating tail propelling us forwards. The cool air flowed through my hair and around my horns. Soon, her sprint had ended, and Nica flashed me a bright smile."Feeling better, Sammy? I wore you out so much, so I thought you would enjoy a different pace.""Yeah, but you really didn’t have to. Thank you though."“I wanted to. It’s the least I could do for you.”I rested my head on her shoulder, taking in her scent as she carried me back home.Her large frame in front of me made me fully aware of my situation. I became the girlfriend of a gargantuan, beautiful woman. She was smart, kind, and compassionate. But... She was also packing... A lot. There is no way around it, and I had to come around sooner or later. I loved her with all of my heart, but how could I do any of the things expected of me as… her girl, her princess? I had so much to learn, but if I want to be her woman, then I would have to get through this eventually. She carried me all the way over to the couch and let me slide off her back."Let's rest for a while, dear. No need to rush today~"She wrapped her tail around us, coil after coil until I was basically immobilized. She rested on her back, pressing me into her chest and nuzzling my cheek. Her powerful muscles contracted and loosened in a slow and steady rhythm, massaging my entire body. I sighed in content as my eyes felt heavy once again."I love you, Nica.""I love you too, my princess."Tightly pressed against each other, we fell back into a comfortable slumber.
After a couple hours of gentle hugs and sweet nothings, we decided to leave for the day. I felt refreshed and relaxed, and Nica was grinning happily."Let's do a bit of shopping, dear. I saw so many things I want you to try on~"I was a little apprehensive, but if it made Nica happy then I couldn't refuse."S-Sure. L-Let's go."She hooked her arm into mine, and we left the apartment."I know a nice place to go, Nica. There is a store for mamono clothes not far from here.""If you got that cute outfit from there, then we definitely need to.", she giggled softly.My mind was racing as we arrived at the store. What did she have in mind? Would she even like anything I tried on? We looked through the exhibitions and bins, searching for something suitable."How about these?"I pulled out a package full of plain underwear out of a nearby bin, waving Nica over to me. She looked rather skeptical as she inspected my findings."That won't do, darling. My princess deserves only the best!"She handed me a colorful pack that she had hidden behind her back."Here. Try these~"In shock, I stared at her. She did not choose plain underwear but lingerie instead. It was smooth, black fabric topped with deep purple lace."A...A-Are you sure? I don't think I could... Y-You think I could wear this?""Of course you can! You’re sexy as hell already. No need to play it down."She winked at me, making my heart jump. Her unending confidence seemed to rub off on me as she placed the package into my hands."Alright! I’ll buy those, but now, it's your turn.""I didn't expect any less, dear.", she replied, giving me a quick kiss."What do you want me to wear?"Scratching my chin, I remembered her nightgown that she wore in her home. Sweeping through the underwear, I quickly found a couple of exotic designs. Might as well return the favour. I handed her a red, flowy babydoll with a lace pattern on it. She gasped, covering her mouth with her hand."Oh my~ You know that it's… see through, right?"My face reddened as I understood, self consciously scratching my head."I… I'm sorry I-"She shushed me with a finger, winking at me."No need to apologize, dear. I love it!""Y-You don't need to.""But you’re my girlfriend. You chose it for me, right? I’ll buy it if you think it suits me~"She held the light fabric in front of her chest, and I could clearly see through it."I… I think you'll look gorgeous in it."With a big smile, she put the babydoll and my underwear in a basket before we continued through the store.We arrived at a shelf full of mamono care products. We both instinctively grabbed something from it. Looking at each other in confusion, we showed each other what we picked. Nica had taken some shampoo for demon tails while I had chosen a hydration lotion for reptile skin. We both grinned at our impulsive decisions. Adding the products to our basket, we paid at the counter and headed back outside."We should bring these home and go to that new greek place close to my office. What do you think?""Sounds great! I haven't been in a restaurant in ages."A nice dinner with Nica was just what I wanted, and I didn't even have any fear I'll screw it up.
  
    Chapter Text
    Arriving back home, we hastily put aside what we bought at the mall. Nica tapped me on my shoulder with an apologetic expression on her face, pointing towards the bathroom with a bashful smile.“Sammy? Maybe, we should… wash your dress? I believe it would be perfect for dinner. Don’t you agree? How about I call us a cab and we drive to my house, okay? I need to make myself presentable. I fear that this won’t be good enough for tonight.”, Nica said gesturing to herself.“We can do that, but you look perfect as you are, Nica. You don’t really need to.”With a smile, she kissed my forehead.“Oh, dear. Thank you, but I would like to wear something more pretty and… clean.”“Alright. I’ll wash it really quick. Can you have it arrive in about two hours? I should be ready by then.”She nodded before pulling out her cellphone. I grabbed the basket in the bathroom and let the warm water flow into the sink. The dress in hand, her scent forced itself into my nose. Her essence had dried already, but it was still as potent as yesterday. I fought against my urges but soon lost, sniffing the sullied fabric. It was like a drug to me, flooding my head with lust and making my legs quiver. I forcefully dunked the dress into the warm water to calm myself from its effects. Over and over, I wrung out the dress until it was thoroughly cleaned of semen. I feared I wouldn’t be able to restrain myself if even a hint of her intoxicating musk remained. When the dress was sufficiently drenched, I threw it into the dryer. Nica had made herself comfortable on the couch in the meantime, continuously checking her phone.“I hope I didn't ruin your dress, Sammy? I still feel a little guilty about that. You just bought it yesterday.”“Don’t worry about it. If it means I can help you with your ‘issues’, I’ll let you do it anyt-”I couldn’t even finish before she pulled me into a tight hug. Pressing me into the comfy pillows of the couch, Nica draped her hands around my shoulders and gave me a passionate kiss. She immediately turned into a writhing mass, kissing me until we lost track of the time. We both were happy being with each other, just her and me together. I would have let this continue forever if not for the beeping of the dryer, forcing us out of our gentle makeout session."Aww. That's too bad. I guess we have to continue later~"Nica relinquished her grip on me so I could grab my dress from the dryer and iron it. I hurried to put it on, making sure to also fix my hair and check myself over in the mirror. I wanted to look good for our date tonight, especially for such a classy place. Bounding down the stairs, I gave Nica a twirl when she saw me.“You look wonderful, honey. Although, I still think you’d look better without the dress~.”“T-Thank you, Nica. We should probably get going. The cab is waiting.”, I said with my cheeks tinted a light pink.It took Nica a minute to fit into the car, but eventually she sat with her coils around us and myself leaning against her. She gave me another kiss as we headed towards our destination. Traffic wasn’t that bad, so it didn’t take long for us to arrive at Nica’s place. I made myself comfortable on her bed as I waited for her to get ready.
"What do you think, sweetie? Does it suit me?"Nica slithered out of her bedroom wearing a thick, white sweater.  It looked so cozy and warm that I wanted to bury my face in it."I thought I started dating an echidna, not a bunyip.", I laughed as she slowly turned around."Dear, I'm not timid like that.""But just as fluffy now."I gave her a tight hug, causing her to yelp in surprise as my fingers touched her naked skin. The sweater had no backside, exposing her entire back to the air. It was a tantalizing sight, but her skin felt cold as I brushed along it."It looks wonderful, but you’ll probably get sick like that. You should wear the jacket you bought yesterday."Night was falling and it was only getting colder outside. Not enough to bother me, but I wanted Nica to stay warm.“Oh! Good idea. I think I also have a scarf lying around here somewhere. Just a second.”She bolted back into her bedroom only to emerge a few moments later, a black scarf wrapped around her neck and a thick, leather jacket on her shoulders. Her bountiful cleavage almost peeked out of her outfit and I tried my hardest to suppress my rising libido.“Perfect! Are you ready for our date?”, I asked as she readjusted her attire.“I’m ready. Let’s head out.”Hooking my arm into hers, we left the apartment to enjoy a nice dinner for two.
The restaurant was a fancy building adorned with beautiful paintings of idyllic coastal cities and mountain villages. Many gorgeous portraits of various monsters were hung up as well, most noticeably being a few medusa, sirens, and a hellhound, all in various medieval outfits. The basilisk waitress quickly assigned us a table next to a large window that granted a beautiful view of a wooded garden behind the establishment.“I have to freshen up a little, Sammy. If the waitress comes by, can you order a glass of red wine for me?”“Sure, honey. I’ll see you soon.”I hung my coat and took a seat at our designated table. Completely absorbed in my thoughts, I didn’t even notice that someone took a seat on the table next to me.“Sammy? What brings you to a place like this all alone?”I snapped out of my trance, turning towards the distraction. George’s toothy smile met me and I rolled my eyes in annoyance. Why now?“Waiting for my date, you?”He started to giggle, and I already knew what he was about to say.“Ha! Who did you fall for? One of the team, perhaps?”“No! I wouldn’t let any of those fuckers touch me. Those guys are just creeps and meatheads.”He looked rather shocked at my sudden outburst, but to my surprise, he was quite understanding.“I can’t really fault you for that then I guess, Sammy. Who’d you come with, though? I got a date with Sas’ today and she really wanted to come here. Aaaand here she comes.”I followed his gaze, seeing Nica and Saskia approach, locked in conversation.“It’s so good to see you again, Veronica! I still can’t thank you enough for helping me back then. What brings you here, today?”“I was just doing my job, Saskia. There’s no need. If you must know, I’m on a date with my darling. You?”“Same. Oh! Hey, Sammy! You’re here too? Getting along with Georgie? I hope so.”“I told you to not call me that in public, Sas.”, George said with a slightly sulking expression.“Sorry, Georgie~. I just can’t contain myself sometimes.”Nica and Saskia start to giggle. It took some effort on my part to hold back a chuckle as well.“I know how you feel, Saskia. It’s so much more personal, right? Have a nice dinner you two.”“Thanks, Veronica. Where’s your date? He didn’t walk out on you, did he?”Nica coiled herself behind my chair before resting her chin on my shoulder.“No, she didn’t~”Both George and Saskia exchanged confused glances until Saskia caught on and flashed a wide smile at me.“Congratulations, you two! I trust you're treating Sammy right, Veronica?”, Saskia said with a lighthearted smirk.“Of course I do, Saskia! She is my princess after all~.”, Nica replied as she took a seat on her tail.I couldn’t withhold my embarrassment at Nica’s public display of affection, blushing deeply. It took a second for George to follow the conversation.“Huh. Dimitry told me that he met an overprotective lamia when he tried to talk to you on the bus. Name’s George by the way, ma’am.”Nica’s eyes turned blank, hatred seeping into her usually soothing voice.“Overprotective?! He did a little more than talk. He should be happy that I didn’t strangle him properly. He deserved so much more after molesting my dear. You can warn this ‘friend’ of yours that If he approaches my girlfriend one more time, he won’t be so lucky again.”All three of us were speechless. I hadn’t seen her this angry yet. Saskia was the first to regain her composure, turning towards her boyfriend.“You shouldn’t keep hanging out with them. You’re better than this, Georgie. Those guys are nothing but scum, and you don’t have to bring yourself down to that level.”“Y-You’re right… He told me that he had an interest but I… I’m really sorry about that, alright? I… I’ll have to figure out what I’m gonna do about them.”George couldn’t seem to bring himself to look at me, but I could tell he meant it. George apologizing to me still felt so alien as Saskia began to happily pat his head.“You’re doing great, honey. I’m proud of you.”The jock started to blush, pulling his head out of her embrace. Seeing the normally so forward bully be so meek was something I never thought I’d witness.“Don’t worry, Veronica. I’ll deal with that guy. He’s been getting on my nerves anyway”Saskia revealed her sharp fangs, glistening in the restaurant's candlelight. Nica wordlessy nodded at her before the waitress arrived to take our orders. I decided on souvláki, and Nica ordered some fried calamari. Saskia and George shared a large mixed meat platter.“It all makes so much sense now.”, Saskia said after a hearty bite of grilled meat.“What do you mean, Saskia?”“The girls usually asked you for romantic advice since they weren’t used to acting on their feelings in their new forms. You tried to help as much as you could except for anything sexual really. You always avoided talking about your own love life though, and now I think I understand why.”She gestured at me, forcing us both to blush.“T-That is not entirely true, but… Yeah... It’s something like that.”Nica rubbed her temple in embarrassment before taking another bite from her seafood dish. Saskia didn’t bother prying further, seemingly satisfied with her answer. George was focused on his girlfriend, allowing me to enjoy our date to the fullest. Maybe, I really got the wrong idea about him, but I wouldn’t know for sure until I met him under just four eyes again. The food was really tasty, and I couldn’t wait to do this at home sometime. Finished with my meal, my eyes wandered to Nica. Her black hair, golden eyes, and the blood red wine in her hands gave her a regal appearance.“You know, Nica. You could really fit on any of these portraits. You look beautiful tonight.”“Oh, you~ Keep your flattery for a more ‘private’ place. Now that I think about it, do you want to stay at my place, tonight?”“T-That’s the plan. I’m looking forward to it.”“Get a room.”, George groaned, quickly falling silent again as he noticed Saskia’s death glare.“Oh believe me, we will~”I covered my face in embarrassment, drawing out some hearty laughs from the two mamono.I called over the waitress to distract myself, paying up and handing her a generous tip as well.“Such a gentle… woman?”, Nica giggled as I paid for her food.“O-Of course, Nica. Your smile is more than worth it.”“So sweet! Okay, you two. I think we’ll take our leave. Have a nice evening, and don’t push him too far. Okay Saskia?”“No promises.”, the hellhound smirked.
We said our goodbyes to the waitress and emerged back into the cool night air. I was completely stuffed and wished for nothing but a place to rest. Seeing me yawn loudly, Veronica took pity on me and promptly put me on her back. My arms wrapped around her shoulders as I began to doze off for just a moment. Her cozy sweater and her wonderful scent filled me with a sense of comfort I couldn’t even describe. Apprehensions I held the entire day had mostly melted away during dinner, and I really wanted to ask something. Pulling myself together, I began to stutter into her ear as she was about to unlock the door."N-Nica?""Yes, dear?"My words felt like gravel in my throat, almost choking on the burning question."I-I have thought a lot since yesterday. A-And I know that… inevitably I'll… I'll have to… I-I'm not ready for it, for you. I don't… I don't think It would fit... inside. W-What should I… What should we do? I want to… give myself to you, but I’m scared..."My head was a mess already, and I couldn’t help but stumble over every word. Nica blushed as her face shifted from surprise, to arousal, to concern until it returned to a calming smile."We have all the time in the world, my princess. There is no need to force yourself. If you want to wait, so can I. There are a lot of ways to enjoy each other's company until we… go all the way. We can prepare together if you want.”I buried my face in her neck to hide my embarrassment. She understood and I found solace in that."O-Okay. Let's make this work. I want all of you too after all."Her eyes lit up for a moment as she understood my acceptance."I will only go as far as you want to, I promise. I love you too much to want to hurt you.""I love you too, Nica"I reached around her head, turning it towards me. My vibrant, blue eyes reflected in her beautiful golds, entrancing both of us. We stood like this, eye to eye, for what felt like hours until she slowly lowered me onto the steps of her apartment.“Let us try on our new nightwear and head to bed. What do you think, Sammy?”Remembering our choices in the mall, I swallowed heavily.“S-Sounds good, Nica.”She smiled at me before she pulled through the door of our home.
“Ready, dear?”“Y-Yeah… How about you?”“I’m fine. Should I go first?”I nodded sheepishly as we sat on her bed. With a determined yet lecherous look, Nica softly grabbed the rim of my dress. Inch by inch, she pulled it upwards, revealing my crotch, then my navel, and finally my chest to her. She neatly folded the dress before setting it aside. A shiver ran down my spine as she rested her hands on my bare shoulders. With gentle strokes, she moved them back down until she arrived at the strings of my panties. Biting her lip, she grabbed the thin fabric and began pulling it down my legs. It was a moment of intimacy, love, and lust. I was exposing myself to her, and soon she would do the same. My panties slipped over my ankles, leaving me utterly naked. Her fingers fumbled around next to her, not daring to take her gaze off of me. After a couple of attempts, she pulled the lace underwear out of the bag. The Black and purple fabric strongly contrasted with my almost alabaster skin. The thin cloth tickled my legs as she slid them up onto my pelvis. Making sure everything fit perfectly, Nica pulled on them until they hugged my hips. Satisfied with her work, she gave me a playful slap on my rear. I yelped in surprise, and the feeling of her soft fingers lingered for a couple of minutes.“W-Was that too much, Sammy?”, she asked with a concerned look on her face.“No, it’s fine. I-I just wasn’t expecting it.”“Good. If I ever go too far, please tell me. I want you to enjoy this.”Her hands had already fished the bra out of the bag, gently resting it on my chest. My breasts were not heavy or bothersome, but as soon as Nica fastened the clasps, I felt somewhat relieved. The black fabric cupped my chest, making them seem fuller than before. With a smile, Nica brushed her fingers along my stomach.“H-How does it look?”, I stuttered meekly.“Perfect, just like you~ You're beautiful, darling. Never forget it. Now, it’s my turn.”
Nica seductively removed her jacket, showing me in full what she had been wearing. I had never been too interested in fashion beforehand, but I had heard of the notorious “virgin killer” that she had put on. The grey, wool top pronounced her curves while also hinting at the pale and bountiful flesh of her breasts.“When I bought this, I wondered if I’d ever get to wear it. Now, I’m glad I found a use for it.”It wasn’t as easy for me to disrobe her as she did me. Her captivating, golden eyes distracted me so much. It didn’t help either that she was so much taller than me. I had to stand on the bed just to undress her, revealing more of her curved albeit toned body to me. Pulling my hands from her shoulders to her back, I found the clasp of her bra. With a quiet click, the cups fell away, letting her full breasts swing freely. I was mesmerized and couldn’t stop staring until Nica spoke up.“Like what you see?”, Nica asked sultrily.“I-I’m sorry. It’s just that-”“I want you to look at me, dear. No need to apologize.”The last piece in the bag was the lace babydoll I had decided on. The red fabric was thin and smooth, easily sliding over her arms. It reached all the way down to her waist, covering her in a frilly and alluring lace. I could clearly see through the cloth as her perky nipples pressed against it. Her navel and hips were in full view, her slit twitching ever so slightly.“You look so… sexy, Nica.”She inspected the new nightwear, blushing at how little it left to the imagination.“I… I love it, Sammy. I think I’ll be wearing it a lot now if you wish, but only for you~”“T-That’s just fine by me. I’m happy that I am the only one to see you like this.”She pulled me in for another gentle kiss as her tail pulled on the cord of the lamp next to the bed. Darkness quickly enveloped us as we made ourselves comfortable. Soon, Nica had spooned me, her arms wrapped around my chest.“Sweet dreams, Sammy. I love you.”“I love you too, Nica. Good night.”Her cooling body at my back, I felt at ease. I kind of feared that I couldn’t leave her alone anymore. Would she be too cold without me? I pressed myself into her, doing my best to keep her warm. The silky texture of her babydoll began to press against my lower back. She was getting hard...“I-I’m sorry, Nica. Should we… deal with it?”“I’m calm. Don’t worry. Being so close to the one you love can do that to a person. I have myself under control. Does it bother you?”“No, it’s a weird feeling but not uncomfortable. I think I can deal with this.”“Good.”, she yawned before slowly dozing off.After a couple of minutes, I carefully turned around to face her. Her members pressed firmly against my navel, clearly visible through the thin cloth. I felt guilty at leaving her hanging like this. Carefully, I turned around until I faced the base of her tail.“Honey? What are you doing?”I sighed heavily at what I was about to do.“H-Helping you with your problem, l-like I said I would.”“What? You know you don’t-”Her response was interrupted by a pleasured gasp as I pulled up her babydoll and pressed my chest onto her eager rods.“It’s going to be alright.”, I whispered, my hands resting on her hips.I did my best to pin one of her large shafts in between my still rather small breasts. Her enormous member barely fit between them. I gently took it in one of my hands before slowly stroking up and down.“I never knew you could be so forward, Sammy~”I added my second hand and sped up the rhythm with every stroke, causing her to moan into her pillow. The throbbing of her rods synchronized with my heartbeat, making my head swim. It was so close. The source of all my needs, but I couldn’t... Not yet. Her tail trashed in ecstasy, and her laboured breaths were music to my ears. Every single stroke sent jolts of pleasure through my chest as she slid along my perked up nipples.“I-If you really want to do this, at least l-let me help you a little.”Nica’s slender fingers crept up my legs towards my new panties. Hooking her fingers into the fabric, she pulled it slightly ajar, revealing my already dripping womanhood.“It looks delicious.”, she cooed as I felt her tongue lash against my lips.“Can I go… further, Sammy?”“Y-Yes… please.”Nica’s thin tongue slowly pushed its way inside, making me whimper. I had something inside me. I had my girlfriend inside me. She gently massaged my inner folds, always making sure not to move too deep. Every flick of her forked tongue made me shiver, quickening my hands in return. My nose was almost buried between the bases of her members, overloading my senses with her intoxicating musk. I relinquished my grasp on her rod, giving it some room to breathe before continuing with the other one. I twitched in euphoria as Nica pressed her lips onto my folds to reach even more of my waiting insides. My rhythm was frantic and uncontrolled, only focussed on giving her as much pleasure as I could. Slowly, but steadily, I felt the pressure build. Both in my own crotch, and in Nica’s throbbing shafts as they stiffened. We came closer and closer to the edge, and I felt my instincts take over. My right hand moved behind me, trying to get a hold of something. Nica’s rods were burning hot, pumping along my nipples. It was time I took a step forward. Hesitantly, I moved my face closer to her base until I was only about an inch away. Curiosity aiding my courage, I took a single, probing lick. Her taste made my mind turn blank. One after another I gave her attentive licks, each one making her throb harder and faster. One. Two. Three. Four. Five. Eventually, my technique devolved into me hungrily licking her shafts. With a final drawn out, passionate lick, I felt her drawing close. Promptly, I spun my right arm around to wrap her members in… my dress. Over and over she spurted into the purple fabric as the odor of her essence pushed me over the edge as well. I expected Nica to retreat from my trembling womanhood. Instead, she wrapped her tongue tightly around my clit making me convulse and twitch in her grasp. As I came for a second time, she began to suck on my aching lips. Not a single drop escaped her as she greedily drank up every bit of my essence. A part of me wished I had done the same to her. We laid on her bed, utterly exhausted. We bathed in the afterglow of our nightly session until an annoyed groan from Nica tore me out of my stupor.“I ruined your dress again...”“Nica. I wouldn’t even care if everything I own reeks of you. We can always wash it later. I just wanted your new nightwear to stay clean, so I can enjoy it to the fullest~”I threw the soaked dress off the bed, licking the residue of my fingers. I stared in awe at her massive members receding into her slit. How could something so gigantic hide in there?“How are you feeling, Nica? Better now?”“Yeah, much better.”, she said sheepishly, snuggling back into the bed.Her tip was almost back inside her as an idea flashed through my mind. I needed to act fast to grasp this opportunity. My eyes widened and my legs quivered when I kissed her sensitive head. It was euphoric. The action alone made my tail jolt up, standing stiff and proud. If that was how it tasted from the source… A part of me couldn’t wait for more.Still partly stunned, I sluggishly crept back to her side. I buried my head in her cleavage, humming contentedly.“Good night, Nica. I love you.”“I love you too.”, she replied, embracing me tightly. With satisfied smiles on our faces, we fell asleep, the entire room still filled with the scent of our love.
  
    Chapter Text
    The warmth and comfort was all encompassing. This must have been what heaven felt like. I wanted to stay here forever, playfully nuzzling my face into the soft pillows. They were warm and silky, laden with a wonderful scent that relaxed me so deeply. Taking a deep breath, I let my hands wander and delighted in the gentle curves of the bed.“Oh my~ Aren’t we eager this morning?”Nica’s sultry voice rang in my ears as her slender fingers playfully caressed my nipples through the thin fabric of my bra. I shivered in bliss, slowly opening my eyes to embrace both the new day and my girlfriend. A blush crept into my face when I realized that I had been basically groping her in my sleep. She smiled down at me with flushed cheeks, breathing deeply and sensually. Her hands covered my chest in her beautiful, purple skin, massaging my breasts tenderly.“Good morning, Nica.”, I yawned before giving her a kiss on the cheek.“I’m sorry for this, but you are just so...”She giggled, brushing her finger along my nose.“It’s alright, dear. I don’t think there’s much else I’d rather wake up to.”She pulled me into a tight embrace, burying me in her cleavage until my chin rested on her sternum. I stared into her golden eyes, enraptured in her otherworldly beauty. For a second I thought my girlfriend was an angel, but the serpentine tail wrapped around me said otherwise. I planted gentle kisses on her as I travelled upwards towards her full lips.“You are so warm, dear. I don’t want to ever let you go.”, she whispered into my ear.I yelped in surprised pleasure when I felt her hardening members smoothly sliding up my thigh. One rested on my hip, as the other lodged itself firmly between my legs. I could feel the blood pumping through them, growing harder and more ridgid with each beat of her loving heart.“Should I draw you a bath, Nica? I think that would help you get ready for the day.”“That would be wonderful, darling. But please, let me enjoy your body some more~”Her cool scales tickled my skin as she tightened her hold on me. Barely able to move, I resorted to leisurely buck my hips to rub myself on her eager shaft. Every thrust made her whimper, constricting me further in her doting grasp.“S-So… good”, she moaned before her lips met mine.Her tongue soon demanded entry, and I obviously wasn’t in any position to decline her anyway. It twirled and raged through my mouth, lightly dipping down my throat on multiple occasions. It was a weird sensation, but not unpleasant in the slightest. After a thorough makeout session, she retreated and gave me a sly smile.“I’d rather not ruin any more clothes today. How about we continue this somewhere else?”“S-Sure. How about a bath then?”, I stuttered.Remembering her oversized bathtub, It sounded like a wonderful idea.“I can draw the water, but you have to let me go first.”She pouted a little, nibbling at my ear.“As delightful as that sounds, I really don’t want to. Oh well.”Reluctantly, she loosened her coils just enough for me to slip out. After I had shed my passionate sleeping bag, I looked back down at her. Nica’s emerald green scales shone in the light of the rising sun, reflecting along the wall of her bedroom. I stared, hypnotized by the gorgeous display. My jaw hanging open, I shook my head to get my bearings.“Just a minute, Nica.”“Don’t keep me waiting too long, darling~ I already miss your touch.”
Approaching the tub, I deftly turned the dials until the water was pleasantly warm. Looking through the bottles along the edge, I found some rose scented bath salt. Perfect. A calming aroma wafted through the bathroom as I generously sprinkled it into the steadily rising water. Satisfied with my work, I returned to the bedroom while the tub began to fill. The dim light of the room revealed Nica standing in the doorway, having shed the lacy babydoll. Her supple skin and warm smile drew me in, and I went for a passionate hug.“The water will be ready soon. I hope it’s to your liking.”“It will. I’m sure of it, Sammy. You don’t seem ready for a bath yet, though.”“What do you-?”With a quick and fluent movement she undid the clasp on my bra, making it drop down to the floor. Before I knew what was happening, her muscular tail had coiled around my stomach, gently lifting me off my feet as she hooked her fingers into my panties and pulled them down my legs. She lowered me back to the ground, leaving me breathless at her overwhelming strength and speed.“Much better, no?~”, she giggled with a lusty gaze.I was rather sheepish at my predicament, but seeing her naked as well made it feel more than fair. Her eyes seemed to eat me up, her slitted pupils following my every move, and I was loving every second of it. Firmly grasping her hand, I pulled her into the bathroom with an eager grin. I wanted her so much, and I was determined to get what I craved. My mind was overcome by desire as I snaked an arm behind her back, taking hold and groping her generous behind. She bit her lip in shock, suppressing a moan. Nica slumped against the outside of the tub, surprised and hazed by the strong squeezes I subjected her to.With a wide smile, I stood up and stepped over her into the tub, making sure she saw that I was already dripping. Looking over my shoulder, I carefully spread my lips to expose myself to her. Nica’s members sprung back up immediately, standing proudly in attention.“Y-Your playing a dangerous game, Sammy. I-I hope you know that”, she hissed in a husky voice.I could literally smell her arousal as she clawed herself over the edge of the tub, sliding into the water. Like a shark, she took some wide arcs around me until I was entirely surrounded. She rose up behind me, firmly gripping my chest while her other hand caressed my stomach. Nica kneaded my mounds and gently flicked my hard nipples with her tongue, her free hand circling my navel. Her stiff shafts slid along my pelvis on both sides, encompassing me entirely.“I know. It’s one both of us can play~”, I whispered, grasping both of her trembling rods and pressing them against my alabaster flesh.Her musk permeated the air, making it hard for me to think. I gasped every time Nica pinched my nipples, and I did my best to pleasure her in return.“Are you ready… for some ‘training’, Sammy?”, she moaned.A hint of fear grasped at my soul, doubting my decisions for just a second. Whatever she had planned, I trusted her. She wouldn’t overdo it. I can give myself to her care.“Y...Yes! Give it to me!”Waiting for her response, I blankly stared ahead. I was afraid that she had changed her mind until I saw the tip of her tail creep along the edge of the tub. Snaking it under my knee, she slowly pointed it towards me. I shivered in anticipation as she closed the distance between her tail tip and my crotch, inch by inch.“C-Can I?”, she stuttered with short breaths.Nodding eagerly, I watched her tail cover my twitching womanhood. She slid it up and down, brushing against my aching clit. My vision went white with every stroke, overloading my senses with visions of sensations that were yet to come. I was leaking like a faucet into the hot water, making the tip slick and shiny with my fluids. Her hand returned to my chest, rhythmically squeezing my budding breasts. I quickened my pace, furiously jerking her off to compensate for the untold pleasure she gave me. She hummed happily, planting wanting kisses into my neck. I felt a sense of disappointment as her tail decreased in speed until it slowed down to an agonizing crawl. I whimpered and thrashed in her arms.“P-Please, Nica! Don’t tease me like thi-”My words were cut short as Nica drew me in for a kiss, causing me to scream into her mouth. Her tail tip, at least an inch wide, had buried itself barely into my waiting entrance with a soft wriggle, instantly making me climax. She hadn’t gone in very deep at all, and I was thankful for that. She stayed inside, waiting for my high to subside before gently breaking the kiss and caressing my ear with her tongue.“How are you feeling, Sammy? I hope that wasn’t too much?”I could hear her voice tremble, worried she might have hurt me. Still riding the waves of pleasure, I gave her a meek answer.“I...It’s fine, N-Nica. It… It feels… right. Please, don’t stop.”I turned around to face her, giving her a kiss full of passion, need and love. It was far from over. 
Raising up slightly from the water, I rested my hands on her shoulders. My body was not willing to let her go, but her tail slowly slipped out of me. Mimicking what she had done to me before, I probed her lips with my tongue until she granted me entry. Her tongue was long, slender, and especially powerful, but she playfully gave over control, letting me lead for the first time. My hands slid down her chest and over her belly until they reached their final destination. Her titanic members in each hand, I resumed stroking them as her tail travelled back to my entrance. She moaned and gasped into my mouth, only for me to return in kind every time she slid her tail past my dripping labia. I was in pure bliss, my head swimming in hedonistic pleasure. Every time she pushed inside, she stopped just short of going all the way. Despite the sea of lust we were currently bathing in, she still cared for my well being. I felt safe and secure in her compassionate embrace, even if she was so close to fully taking my virginity. Drowning in her love, I felt… inadequate. She’s done so much for me, and I had yet to return the favor. I wasn’t ready to give her everything, but I had to do something. If only I could… My mind was racing, thinking of all the tantalizing things I could subject her to. My mouth was dry and my eyes darted around as I gradually retreated from her plump lips. Not breaking eye contact, I pressed myself against her chest before slowly sliding downwards. Nica's eyes shone like topaz in the night, her hand now resting on my head."I love you so much~", I whispered longingly."Here… Let me show you."My knees sank to the floor of the tub, Nica towering over me. I stared in awe, salivating as her beautiful face was framed by her… thick, throbbing rods. I never gave them a proper look, but seeing them so close was messing with my head. A feeling was bubbling within me. A feeling I could only describe as a deep, insatiable hunger. Heart-eyed, I drew closer and closer to her shafts, my tongue lolling out of my mouth. Her very presence drowned out all reasoning and replaced it with roiling lust. Arriving at the base, I planted a kiss on each of them before my tongue lashed out on its own, caressing her powerful erections. Her hand tightened on my scalp with a delighted gasp."A-Are you sure, Sammy? W-We can always... do that later."My courage grew along with my lust, keeping me from even responding as I pressed the towering shafts together. I couldn’t contain myself any longer and wedged my tongue between them. She tasted absolutely divine and combined with the frantic pushing of her tail she brought me over the edge a second time. My inner walls clamped onto her, not daring to let go as I pushed my tongue deeper into its throbbing prison. My hot breath tickled her, forcing high pitched giggles out of her throat."Y...Y-You are a natural at this, Sammy… S...So gooood" , she moaned as I kept waxing her poles.As my tongue left the confines of her shafts, I had reached her twitching heads, dark purple and twitching. Staring down onto her waiting members, I began to doubt myself. Could I do it? Would it even fit? How far can I go? Cautiously, I gave her left tip a slight kiss, causing my tail to curl in delight as her pre-cum dripped into my mouth. I had to try at least, for Nica. I was sure of it. Fighting my hesitation, I parted my lips slightly, allowing her to slide inside. Colors exploded in my eyes as she pushed a few inches into my mouth. It felt so right, silencing my doubts in a torrent of bliss. Still light headed, I regained control over my tongue. I twirled it around her soft tip, tasting every inch of her. I closed my eyes to savor her taste even more as my other hand worked on her second rod. She was bucking and throbbing under the loving attention I was giving. I wanted to show her that I would go as far as I needed to keep her satisfied, to make her happy. She was the first, and probably only, love of my life. Preparing myself, I dipped a little deeper until she pressed against the back of my mouth. Her heartbeat reverberated in my head, pumping through her loins strong and fast. Hesitantly, I began to suck on her, getting faster and faster with every bob of my head. Barely half of her shaft even fit inside, but her moans and cries of pleasure told me that it was enough. My hands kept a steady rhythm on her, stroking in tandem every time I took her in. I felt like I had neglected it in favor of its twin, pulling myself off with a loud pop. Not wasting a second, I brought my head down onto her other rod while my hand slid over her now slick and wet left. Our hearts and bodies, everything moved in unison. For each time I forced her into my mouth, her tail tickled my insides, just to retreat as soon as I lifted my head. I kept eye contact as much as I could, delighting in her breathless yelps and hazy eyes. I kept alternating between her waiting shafts, the pressure building up more and more."S-Sammy… I… I can't… I'm about to..."She was close, clenching her eyes shut with a whine. I opened my mouth wide, sliding my tongue up her shaft until it popped free."Give it to me!", I yelped, firmly grasping both of her almost bursting erections and pressing them back together.A long, drawn out moan filled the bathroom as her essence began welling up. I wanted it, all of it. Opening wide, I embraced both tips at once. I couldn't go far like this, but it would have to suffice."S...Sammy!", she yelled loudly as both of her hands grasped the back of my head.My eyes widened, fear and a hint of pain as she pushed me into her crotch. Unbearable seconds passed, our gazes lost in the moment. Then, I felt it. Like a broken dam, her seed poured into my mouth. Every twitch of her massive members filled my mouth more and more, letting pearly white drops of semen force its way through my lips onto my chin and down into the water. The flooding of my mouth and Nica’s members caused me to gag at first. However, It would be such a shame to waste so much of what she was giving me. Eagerly, with new determination, I began to suckle on her like I was starving, taking as much of her as I could into me with every gulp. Her essence coated my throat as it made its way into my stomach. My womb quivered in delight, pushing me over the edge a third time and causing my eyes to almost roll back into my head. Despite my earlier discomfort, I couldn't help but feel disappointed at the amount I had missed. Still drunk off of Nica’s love, my eager tongue gathered up the strays that had sneaked their way onto my chin. My hands collected it off my chest, allowing me to lick it off  as I released my hold on her thoroughly drained members. Barely hanging on, I lapped my tongue around her already receding shafts, cleaning her off to the best of my ability. On weak legs, I pulled myself up against her chest. Nica wiped the tears of joy that had escaped from my eyes.“By Eros, Sammy, are you okay!? I’m sorry! I may have been too rough. I didn’t hurt-”, Nica exclaimed in panic before I pulled her into a kiss to calm her down and wrap my tongue around hers again. I pushed what remained of her essence into her mouth, a soft moan escaping her as she tasted herself.“That.. was... amazing… I love you so much, Nica~”, I said after leaving her stunned in a combination of bliss and confusion,"I love you too, my dear princess but…"She looked distressed, eying my body.“How are you feeling? Can you stand? I’m sorry if I pushed you too far.”I could barely speak, my head dizzy and my breath rugged."I…I’m not sure. It was so p-perfect. You… Y-You tasted so wonderful, Nica."Sluggishly, I rolled around, resting my head against her chest. I heard her heartbeat slow down as we came to rest.Nica placed her hand on my rather full stomach, humming a calming tune that I don’t think I've  heard in years. I laid my head back, staring into her mesmerizing eyes. Her warm embrace soothed me just as much as the water did, if not more. With a motherly smile, she traced a finger gently along my chin, caressing my face.“You must be exhausted, my dear. Let’s soak in the tub for a while, Sammy. What do you think?”I didn’t need to answer. She understood me even without words. Closing her eyes, she leaned backwards, pulling me with her. Half submerged and with my head between her cleavage I felt at ease, her slowly heaving chest and her quiet lullaby singing me to sleep.“You make me so happy, Nica… My beautiful wi-”I couldn’t finish my sentence before I fell into a content, peaceful slumber.
  
    Chapter Text
    Nica’s gentle caresses roused me from my sleep, her bountiful chest above me as her slender fingers curled through my hair. I was still stark naked, my head resting in her lap. Her other hand tenderly massaged my stomach, tickling me slightly."Hello, sleepyhead~ How are you feeling, dear? I didn’t want you to get too cold, so I carried you to the couch. Do you want anything? Some coffee perhaps?”I blinked a couple of times to adjust myself, peeking up to Nica. She also was still naked, her warm smile greeting me along with all of her beauty. I still felt her essence inside me as she kneaded my soft flesh. I felt so full of life and vigor, that I couldn’t help but grin.“I’m fine, Nica. More than fine, really. I feel… wonderful. I believe that I won’t be needing the candy anymore at this rate. Um… How long was I asleep?”She giggled into my ear, sending shivers down my spine.“I live to serve~ You were out for about half an hour. I didn’t want to wake you up. You looked so cute in my arms. How about we take the rest of the day off? Just make today about us? Maybe, order some takeout later? Do you like chinese?”I pouted at her, rolling my eyes.“Takeout? Really, Nica? I can make an-”She shushed me with her finger, shaking her head.“No no, Sammy. You deserve a break too. I think I've done a number on you, and you've done so much for me already. Just for today, I promise!”“If you want… sure, why not. I want some Chow Mein then.”“Chow what?”“Noodles and chicken, Nica.”, I giggled, booping her on her nose.“You and your culinary expertise! You would make an excellent chef, Sammy... Everything you’ve made so far has been amazing. Now that I think about it, do you have a plan on what to do in the future? You said that you were still going to school.”I scratched my head, slightly averting my gaze.“To be completely honest, I’m not sure. For now, I just want to get through graduation. I always was into running and cooking. I’m afraid that running is out of the question now. Even George can keep up with me after my transformation.”I grimaced, unhappy with my lacking athleticism.“Before, I was always able to run away from him and his boneheads, but now they can almost keep up.”Nica looked rather terrified, her tail twitching violently.“That George from yesterday? Is he a bully or something?”“Y-Yeah. Something like that... He made my life miserable until Sas’ got her paws on him. I’m really happy that she keeps him in check. I was honestly surprised he managed to not be a prick during our date.”, I grumbled.Nica looked concerned, brushing her finger along my cheek.“I hope Saskia is okay then. She was never too fond of people like that.”“Really? She is the leader of the local mamono delinquents, you know?”“Ooops. Forget that I said anything. I’m not supposed to talk about that. Let me just say that she can handle herself.”“And George too, apparently. But enough of that. You learned quite a lot from me already, how about you? Let’s start with… hobbies! What do you enjoy? Maybe we can do something together.”“I’ve always been a fan of games. As you saw first hand at the arcade. Saskia has also called me a card shark on more than one occasion when we used to play card games at our group meetings. However, I do believe I have quite the poker face.”“You’re not a shark though, Nica. You’re my own, lovely echidna.”, I said with a dumb grin on my face as I leaned up to plant a kiss on her cheek.“Point taken, dear. Hmm… I also really enjoy singing. It’s a little embarrassing, but I usually get caught up in whatever I’m listening to and sing along.”“What do you usually listen to?”“Little bit of everything. Foreign or cultural music a lot of the time though. There’s something exotic about listening to sounds and lyrics you barely understand. Oh! Anna mentioned something about a karaoke bar one time. I've never done it myself, but would you want to go sometime?”I wasn’t quite sure about it. I hadn’t sung in quite a long time, and I wasn’t really sure if my new voice was cut out for that. Not wanting to disappoint her, I thought of a satisfying answer.“Karaoke sounds like an… interesting idea, but I don’t think it would work too well with my music. I enjoy electronic and acoustic music a lot. Something I can cook, clean, study, or jog to. But I would be interested in hearing what you enjoy.”“Acoustic huh? Then I really should show you something. One second.”She plucked her phone off the armrest and scrolled through it.“Have you ever heard of Live To Forget, Sammy?”I shook my head, as she put it on. A strange tune on a guitar that sounded like it was played at a campfire, underlined by vocals I couldn’t understand. The rather thought provoking song in the background, I continued my questioning.“That is a… unique style to be sure, but not unpleasant. Now, what about family and friends? Do you live all alone in this city?”She brushed through my hair, gently blowing into my ear.“Not anymore~ My parents live on Cyprus. I have… a lot of sisters. It would take me days to recount them. I visit them once in a while. If you want, you can accompany me next time. I’ve got no close friends here, but I keep contact with many of my old patients and I know a lot of people. What about you?”“That’s not really true though, is it? You have me don’t you?”Nica barely waited a second before pulling me into a bone-crushing yet loving hug and kissing my forehead.“Yes, yes I do, my princess. Thank you for reminding me~”I then remembered the question I had neglected. However, I dreaded answering it, and I didn’t really want to bring it up again, but I felt obligated to do so.“Don’t worry about that, Nica. I don’t want to be a downer right now.”“Nonsense, Sammy. I love you. Why shouldn’t I worry about you? I just want you to be happy. If you don’t want to talk about it, I won’t force you to. I still want to hear though. What kind of girlfriend would I be if I didn’t care for my darling?”Concern was written on Nica’s face as she looked at me. Here goes...“Like I said before, my family situation is… difficult. Ever since Anastasia got into our lives, my parents aren’t around much anymore. I’m hesitant to say whether or not that’s a good or a bad thing though.”“The bicorn you talked about?”“Yeah… She pulled my parents into parties of all kinds and sizes until they barely came home anymore. I’m pretty much alone in the city now.”“No friends? I doubt that.”“I never really made any. But now that I think about it, I made friends with Saskia, Rena, and Jaqueline as well as the girls from the support group. And you, of course~”I slowly rose from her lap, leaning myself against her. Her milky essence weighed heavy in my stomach, but I felt content like after having a good meal. Trying to come up with more questions to ask, I locked eyes with her. Her golden tint reflected my emerald eyes.“What is your favourite color, Nica?”She grinned at me, showing her flawless fangs.“Green. Yours?”“Gold.”We both giggled at the corniness before embracing each other in another hug.“We really should get dressed at some point, you know?”“Well… I believe I dyed your dress white last night, so I think we might have a problem there, Sammy~”“I can always wash it later, right?”“Yes, later, but I think I like you just as you are now~ Besides, do you really need to wear anything with just the two of us?”, Nica said, lightly tightening her grip on me.“No, I guess not.”, I answered while trying to suppress a slight blush, pushing myself back into her embrace.
We relaxed on the couch, my head resting on her shoulder. The heated floor made the entire room so warm and cozy that clothes weren’t even a necessity. Despite this, Nica took it upon herself to become my blanket, wrapping around and over me. We cuddled into each other, basking in the mutual closeness and affection. We laid like this for what felt like hours before Nica got up and playfully opened the cabinet next to the TV. I pouted at the loss of skinship before realizing her intentions.“Want to play some games?”, she giggled, revealing dozens of consoles inside.Some of them were clearly older than either of us. I guess I still had a lot to learn about her. We decided on a console and played some games together. She was really good, crushing me on multiple occasions but she quickly restrained herself for a proper challenge. We laughed and cursed in equal measure, enjoying our playtime together.“Should I order the takeout now, Sammy? Are you hungry?”I grumbled quietly, but nodded. She wouldn’t let me make something anyway. Waiting for the food to arrive, we turned on the TV again. Nica zapped through the channels until she stopped at a game show.“Ohhh! A new episode of Naptime!”, she squealed excitedly.“Naptime?”“It’s a dating show. People have to stay awake in a herd of weresheep. Winners get a cash prize, losers get carried off by one of the sheep girls~ It's so cute.”The game show was surprisingly entertaining, drawing us in with the sheer adorableness of the participants. We were already bidding on if the next player would get through it as the doorbell rang. We froze in shock, realizing that none of us had bothered to get dressed. My dress was not in the best condition, and Nica would take too long to change.“What do we do?”, she asked with a slight panic in her voice.Wracking my brain for a solution, I found one albeit a rather embarrassing one.“Don’t worry. I have an idea.”I jumped up and went into the hallway, Nica’s gaze following my every step.“What are you doing?”I quickly shushed her before shouting towards the main door.“One moment, please!”Slipping into the kitchen, I threw on the apron she had laying around. My cheeks flushed a burning red as I approached the door in my new attire and opened it, revealing a hinezumi around my age. I should be fine, as long as I didn’t turn around.“Good day, miss. Two portions of Chow Mein, like you ordered.”“T-Thank you.”“Just sign here, please.”I took the pen she offered me while trying to simultaneously hide behind the door and keep my embarrassment in check.“Are you alright? Do you want me to bring the food inside for you?”“N-No. No, it's fine. T-Thank you. Just a little bit hot. That’s all.”“Alright… Thank you for your patronage, miss.”, she said, skipping back to her car.“Thank you very much. Good day.”I quickly closed the door, my heart beating in my throat. That was dangerous… but thrilling in its own way.Wearing nothing but the frilly apron, I returned to the living room, meeting a rather tense Nica. Seeing me like this, her eyes lit up.“Did you just...”“Y-Yes, I did. Now, let us enjoy our food and not talk about this, okay?”“I’m going to get something to drink from the kitchen. Do you want anything?”“Coke, please.”When she returned I thought it was pertinent enough to ask something.“C-Can I use your washing machine? I need to get my dress in order...”“Of course, dear. I’ll toss it in for you. Feel free to start eating without me.”She slithered into the bedroom to pick up my dress before vanishing into a room farther back. I waited patiently for her return, refusing to take a bite without her. The loud rumbling of the machine told me that she was about to return, prompting me to open our orders. We dug in. It tasted okay, sure, but I still thought I could do better. Slurping up the long noodles, something else snaked into my view. Nica’s tongue leisurely approached me from the side, wrapping around my meal. I turned towards my girlfriend, a sly smile on her face as she pulled the noodle towards her. Following her lead, I took one in my mouth, drawing closer and closer to hers until we met in a lighthearted kiss. Nica hummed happily into my mouth as we enjoyed our treat together. As the noodle broke apart, we separated with a giggle, continuing our meal.“I’m full! How about we take a little nap, and I’ll call you a cab once your dress is clean?”“B-But I don’t want to leave yet.”, I stuttered nervously.We haven’t separated since our first date and I was already dreading the moment.“Your education is important, Sammy! I would feel guilty if I keep you any more from your studies. You already skipped out on Friday”“I… guess you’re right. Okay, but I’ll call you tomorrow after my lessons.”“I’m looking forward to it. Now, come here. We still have some time left to enjoy ourselves~”She buried me in her cleavage as she rolled onto the couch. Her soft and malleable flesh felt heavenly, quickly letting me doze off in her arms. How was I ever going to let go of her, even for less than a day?
The washing machine was done in no time and Nica quickly put my dress into the dryer before returning to my side, a sly smile on her face.“What is it, Nica?”“I have a wonderful idea~”Throwing herself into the couch, she pulled me closer, kissing me passionately. Overwhelmed by the sudden stimulus, I closed my eyes.*Click*My eyes shot wide open, meeting the lens of her smartphone.“Wha-? What are you doing, Nica?”She picked my phone off the table, furiously typing on both.“We need a proper screensaver now, right?”, she giggled with a toothy smile.She handed me my phone, now adorned with the image of our deep kiss. I felt… proud of my girlfriend. Proud of us.“I love it. Thank you.”I gave her another kiss, savouring the moment.“Glad you liked it. The dress should be ready in about 20 minutes. How about we put our underwear back on and get ready for the cab? I want to see you off of course.”“Thank you, Nica. I appreciate it.”We returned to her bedroom, the unmistakable odor of last night piercing our nostrils. With quick and precise movements, Nica clipped my bra on for me. She tried her best to keep calm and composed.“Ummm, Sammy? I forgot to wash your panties...”“C-Can you keep them here for the time being? They’re still wet so… I believe I won’t need them at the moment anyways.”“I… I can do that. I-I’ll make sure they are clean when you get them back.”, she stuttered sheepishly.The implications made my cheeks redden again. As she put on her usual clothes, I carefully inspected my chest. The bra was a little oversized when we bought it, but now it was completely filled out. If this was the effect of her demonic energy then...“By the way, Nica. I told you that my birthday was on the 7th of july. When is yours? I want to get you a nice present.”, I asked eagerly, waiting for a response.Nica stared at me in shock, a deep blush creeping into her face.“How could I forget? T-This is so embarrassing. I’m such an idiot.”“What is it, Nica?”“My birthday was on the 16th of july. I was too preoccupied with our first date to really think about it.”, she said sheepishly.I stared at her in disbelief. Who would forget their own birthday? Pushing the thought aside, I embraced her with the strongest hug I could muster.“Then we have a lot to catch up on next time, right?”, I whispered sultrily.“Yes. Yes we do~”The dryer pulled us out of our intimate moment, beeping obnoxiously. I quickly threw on my dress and got ready to leave. 
Nica took my hand in hers, leading me down the steps to the cab.“I had such a great time. I will never forget these last few days. I’ll talk to you tomorrow, Nica. I love you.”I pulled her into a hug, her face diving into my neck before inhaling deeply. Reluctantly, she broke the embrace in order to kiss me, wrapping her tongue briefly around mine.“I love you too. Have a good night, my princess. I’ll wait to hear from you tomorrow~”I fought against my desire, my craving to stay close to her. Not wanting to even look away, I entered the car with a solemn look on my face.My gaze longingly followed her as the car sped away, waving back at her as I left. With a deep sigh, I waited for the cab to bring me to my destination. I missed her dearly already. I unlocked the door and went inside. Without her by my side, the room was so lonely and empty. I absentmindedly prepared my bag for school tomorrow before shedding my dress and hitting the sheets. I felt cold in my seemingly endless bed as I fell into an uneasy sleep.
  
    Chapter Text
    A shiver tore me out of my unsteady slumber early in the morning. In my sleep-addled state, I reached over to hold someone who wasn't there. Wiping the drowsiness from my eyes, I realized how uncomfortable my bed was without Nica in it. Despite her cold-blooded nature, she carried a warmth that the sheets and covers of my bed could not compare to. Waking up to her was something I would want for every day of my life. I walked to my bathroom to start my day. As I brushed my teeth, I looked in the mirror and almost expected to see Nica’s beautiful, naked form standing in the doorway. It was only a couple of days, wasn’t it? I would see her again, surely. It wouldn’t even be that long. Then why… Why did I miss her so much already? With a deep sigh, I disrobed and stepped into the shower. My thoughts only wandered back to Nica, as the warm water gave me some semblance of solace, but couldn’t replace her presence. Her loving smile. Her cheerful personality. Her calming voice. Her golden eyes. Her bountiful chest. Her thick… throbbing members… Shaking my head, I broke myself from my daydreaming as I thoroughly washed myself. I missed her with every fiber of my being, inside and out. I held back a singular tear as I dried myself off. Ever since my transformation I felt under constant pressure, like the world itself was trying to push me down. Since meeting Nica, that weight had been almost entirely lifted, leaving only happiness and longing in its place. I put on a pair of boring, white panties. The mismatched set irked me slightly until I fondly remembered where the matching pair was. Sliding into a little too tight shirt and ripped pair of jeans, I noticed that they revealed much more of my midriff than I had remembered. I didn’t really mind it, but I thought that I may have to go on another shopping trip soon. I was too preoccupied with missing my girlfriend to really care. Multiple times, I anticipated to feel Nica’s tail wrap around me, even just my ankle, only to be disappointed by the lack of her touch. I listlessly devoured some toast before departing to school. Maybe the dull and repetitive schoolwork could keep my mind off my creeping anxiety. Luckily, I was quite right, and the mind-numbing torrent of nonsensical mathematical equations and frankly dry literature proved a decent distraction.
My eyes down to the ground, I wandered across the yard after we left for the break. Aimlessly I crossed the concrete over and over until a warm paw on my shoulder snapped me back to reality.“Everything alright, Sam? You look terrible.”Saskia stood before me, her red eyes emitting subdued, blue flames of concern.“Oh. Hey, Sas’. I’m fine, really. Just a little restless.”“Is it... Veronica?”“Excuse me?”She scraped a foot across the warm stone, barely avoiding eye contact.“Did you two have a fight or something?”“What?! No!”, I exclaimed, covering my mouth in surprise at my outburst.“E-Everything is fine. It’s just that… I miss her so much.”Her eyebrow raised slightly, her flames changing into a sympathetic orange.“That’s a relief. I was a bit worried there for a second. I’m sure she feels the same, Sam. So many times I worried about George like you do now. It’s only natural, and there’s nothing you can really do about it. Just know she will be there for you when you need her. Besides, you’ll see her again. It won’t be that long even though it may feel like a fucking eternity.”Her sympathy eased the sadness in my heart. It was just nice to hear that from someone else.“Thanks, Sas’. I really needed to hear that. Umm… How is it going with George?”A toothy smile contrasted with her basalt grey skin as her eyes began to burn a passionate white.“Everything as planned! He came a long way, and he even deserved himself a treat after our surprise double-date. George has been such a good boy recently. I love him so much!”She almost began to squeal in delight before quickly snapping back into her usual behaviour.“T… That’s good then Sas’. I heard that you used to have problems with guys-”She immediately took a step forward, only inches away from my face as her flames died down, emitting small traces of black smoke.“Who told you that!?”, she hissed with a rage-filled stare.“I… I...”“WHO!?”I shrunk in her presence, paralyzed in fear.“N-Nica accidentally let that slip. S-She didn’t tell me more though. I didn’t ask her. It was a-”She let out an exasperated sigh, backing up and returning to a more relaxed posture.“That is… unfortunate. I know she wouldn’t do that on purpose, but the cheshire is out of the bag now. Keep that to yourself, alright? I’ll lose my status quicker than you might imagine if that gets out, do you understand? I really, REALLY, don’t want you to tell anyone.”Wide-eyed and still in shock, I nodded. I was not stupid enough to upset a hellhound.“Good. Now listen. You, Veronica, and Rena are the only ones who get to know this.”Her voice quieted down to a whisper, barely audible and clearly forced.“I… went to that support group because I was afraid of men...”I swallowed heavily. I was surprised to say the least. The confident hellhound that had supported me, protected me from George’s “friends,” she had been just like me. I didn’t want to pry any further and just gave her an understanding look.“Y-You too..? To be honest, I would have never guessed with how you are with George…”“What do you mean ‘You too?’ Wait! You didn’t know?!”“No… Nica only mentioned you never liked guys ‘like that.’ It still wasn’t on purpose.”“Damn It. I.. Fuck.”“I won’t tell another soul, Sas’.”“I know. But just jumping the gun like that... I got pissed at you for no reason.”“Don’t worry about it. I’m happy for you that you got over it, Sas’. And I’m sorry for mentioning it.”She put her paw on my shoulder again, small, orange almost tearlike flames under her eyes.“Thanks, Sam. It’s not your fault. I'm sorry too. You’re a friend of mine, and friends shouldn't talk with each other like that. I won’t pry myself, but I hope you figure things out.”“Thank you, Sas’. I’ll see you later. You and George have fun.”“See ya, Sam. Tell Veronica I said ‘Hi.’”
The following lessons were easier to handle, my conversation with Saskia quelling the turmoil in my mind. The last lesson was gym class, and I was happy to see that my speed was returning. I pushed myself harder and harder to shorten my time, but the exertion left me utterly exhausted. After the final toll of the school bell, I headed home, just wishing to lie down and take a nap. I dragged myself home, slumping onto the couch to rest. In my dreams, I saw her over and over. Sometimes flying home to her parents or leaving overseas without me, never to return. My heart ached as my tortured mind showed me everything I didn’t want to see. I was out cold for about an hour, but awoke to something blaring in my ears. The dread and drowsiness was still weighing on me, making my head spin. I took a glance at my phone and my blood froze. Three missed calls from Nica. I frantically tried to call her, only to be met with her voicemail.“This is Veronica Halloway. I am currently unavailable. Please lea-”I sighed heavily as I put down the phone. Now, I had done it. I promised her I’d call, but I didn’t. I really wanted to make it up to her and I really didn’t want to be alone anymore anyway. An idea crept into my weary mind, causing me to dash into the kitchen and checking the fridge for what I had still in store. After checking my ingredients, I scrolled on my phone. She was from Cyprus, right? I searched for regional cuisine to guess what she might like… Do her parents live on the greek or the turkish side? I guess I had to make two dishes then. I rushed around the kitchen until I had a remarkable platter of meat and vegetables on the table. Satisfied, I put it into the oven to give it its finishing touches. Setting it to a low heat, I left the kitchen. There was a lot to prepare.
Waiting for the food to finish, I swept through the apartment to make sure everything was in order. I made sure to scrub any residue out of the walls of the shower and the floor of the bathroom. The scent still lingered, making me crave for her even more than I already did. Searching through a cabinet next to the door, I found a couple of large bags. I sorted out my clothes, folding my newest additions neatly before stacking them together with a neat present for Nica I found in the closet.I checked the kitchen for anything that could conceivably spoil and put it into the other bag together with the gargantuan platter I had prepared. When I finished with my thorough cleanup, I dialed up my phone with a content smile.“Hello? My name is Samantha Dylan. I would like to order a cab at around 6pm in-”
Anxious and excited in equal measures, I entered the cab. I couldn’t wait to see my dear again and I hoped… no I knew that she would think the same. The sun was already setting when I arrived, the rays of the sun painting my destination in a beautiful light. Whistling joyfully, I approached her apartment and rang the bell. I waited for longer than I’d liked before I heard her shaky voice behind the door.“Just one second, please!”She was in for a surprise and just imagining her reaction made me smile widely. Agonizingly slow, the door swung open to reveal my gorgeous girlfriend. Her cheeks were flushed deeply, her eyes widening as she saw me on her doorstep.“S-Sammy?!”“Surprise?”, I grinned, my fears immediately washing away as she pulled me into a warm hug.That disturbing feeling inside my gut was snuffed out when she coiled her tail around me.Her scent was strong and powerful, leaving me almost cross-eyed.“What are you doing here, dear? What about-”“I couldn’t wait anymore!”, I interrupted her with a big squeeze.“I can’t sleep. I can’t think. I can’t live without you, Nica! I won’t be able to keep this up. Please, my wonderful girlfriend, can I stay here for the time being? I don’t want to leave your side.”Tears welled up in her eyes as she lifted me off the ground.“Of course you can! Welcome back to your castle, my princess~ Please, come inside.”She lowered me back on my feet, allowing me to enter her home.“I-I’m sorry I didn’t call you Nica. I was so tired after-”My excuse lost itself in a pleasureful gasp as her hands swung around me, engulfing me in a powerful hug from behind.“It's fine, Sammy. I’m sure you had your reasons, but you’re here now. That’s all that matters.”, she said, diving her mouth into my neck, giving me a couple of kisses.“Oh my~ What’s that wonderful aroma? It smells like home!”“I made you something from Cyprus… I hope you like it.”“Aww, Sammy! You shouldn’t have! Please let me heat it up. You can put your stuff into our bedroom for now.”, she said as she grasped for the bag full of food in my hands.Her bedroom... OUR bedroom. My ears tingled, and my tail twitched in delight at her words. This would be our home now. With a happy grin, Nica slithered into the kitchen as I went into the bedroom. I laid the bag against the wall and directly turned around. A tantalizing smell assaulted my nose. Sniffing the air, I followed the powerful odor that led me to the bathroom. I knew that smell, I loved it, but I needed to know for sure. My nose had led me to a laundry basket under the sink…Hypnotized by the powerful musk, I reached inside it.
“Sammy! I need to clean the bathroom first. Please don’t… Oh...”Nica peeked into the room, her face flushed deeper until it was dark purple.We stared at each other for a second, before both our gazes wandered towards the item I held in my hands. My panties, entirely and utterly drenched in Nica’s essence. It was still fresh... My head was spinning, and I struggled to restrain myself.“I… I… I’m so sorry, Sammy! I...”“Good.”“Huh?”Nica was flabbergasted as I lifted the dripping fabric.“This means that you felt the same way as I did, Nica. Don’t feel bad about it. Next time though...”I took my panties in both hands, lifting them above my head before wringing every… single… drop I could into my mouth. Her semen overloaded my senses, making my womb quiver and contract in pleasure. I swallowed her heavy seed, ensuring that she heard it as I pointed my finger at my open mouth.“... give it to me.”Her expression changed from surprised to unbearably aroused, her tongue hanging out of her mouth. Before I could react, she had closed the distance, grasping my hands tightly until I dropped the sullied cloth. A predatory grin covered her face as she closed in. Her tongue whipped around in tandem with her tail, swinging from side to side.“Ohhh, dear~ You asked for it!”She gave me a passionate kiss, her tongue forcing its way into my mouth. But instead of our usual little dance, she took another route. I gagged a little when her long and prehensile tongue forced its way into my throat. I gasped in surprise and pleasure, her appendage lapping up what little essence that was left in my gullet. My eyes rolled back into their sockets at the sudden entry and my tail tightly intertwined with hers. She rubbed her tongue along mine, making me taste her again and again until she slowly pulled it back into her mouth. Panting, I tightened my embrace. I wanted even more and my pleading eyes quickly gave it away.“There’s more where that came from, darling~.”, she whispered into my ear.I felt her massive members rise between my legs, lifting me into the air. Pushing myself against her, I clamped my legs around her waist. My fingers slid inside her shirt, massaging her chest sensually. She gasped with every squeeze and lifted me further into the air. I gazed longingly into her eyes as I lifted her shirt above her head."I want to taste these~", I moaned softly before pulling her bra off her beautiful mounds. Wrapping my lips around her already hard nipple, I tenderly caressed it with my tongue. She whimpered softly as she buried her face in my hair. My tail still tangled with hers, but my delight at being back in her grasp made me resist the mind numbing pleasure. I rubbed my buttocks against her stiff shafts, sliding back and forth. The continuous alternation between her burning rod and the cool, torn fabric of my jeans made for a foreign but pleasant sensation. I attacked her breasts with both my hands and my mouth, alternating between them. She tasted so sweet and succulent that I lost myself in her. Sudden panic woke me from my lust fuelled stupor as I felt myself slipping off her twitching shafts. Before I could lose my balance, Nica held me tightly. Her slender fingers were firmly wrapped around my horns, making me shiver uncontrollably. She was so strong and muscular, despite her rather slender frame. Instead of easing her grasp, she decided to forcefully press me into her."S-Sammy. I-I missed you so much. Please, stay with me~"Her husky, love drunk voice echoed in my head as she held me firm and close. I nodded as much as I could, trying to assure her before I slung my arms under hers, resting my hands on her shoulders."Good.", she whispered, bringing her head to mine with a lustful smile.Her tongue assaulted me once again, caressing my mouth and throat. She pushed and pulled my tongue, wrestling it in an overwhelming show of force."Are… are you ready?", she panted heavily as we broke our kiss.I didn't need words nor signs. She knew my desires as much as I did, licking her lips. She carefully rested her right hand on my left hip as her left gripped my right shoulder. A questioning look was all I could muster before my head began to spin, literally. I was overcome by shock and arousal as my world turned upside down until my face lightly slammed into her waiting members. She adjusted herself, wrapping her hands around my waist and securing my neck and back with her tail. Her tail tunnelled into my jeans, quickly pulling them off, revealing my already damp panties."What a wonderful sight~", she cooed before burying her nose in my crotch. I moaned at her sudden attention, just to be immediately silenced by one of her eager rods. It didn't go too far, but further than before. Her scent dulled my senses, quelling any discomfort I might have held at my situation. I could barely move in her passionate embrace. Her tongue snuck inside my panties, gently stroking my womanhood inside and out. She coiled and writhed within me, causing me to spasm in bliss. Eager to return the favor, I pulled my head back as much as I could, savoring the touch of her tip on my lips, before jerking back forward. I gagged on her massive shaft, as I tried to go as deep as my body let me. Tears formed at the edge of my eyes, dripping on her second member. A deep grunt escaped Nica's throat as she violently bucked her hips forward. Fighting for air, I slapped her waist with my hand until she pulled back.She retreated from my swelling labia, her concerned voice echoing through the bathroom."I'm so sorry, Sammy. Are you alright? It’s the wro-"I silenced her with another deep dive, grabbing her hips and pulling myself forward, swallowing almost half of her. My mouth, my pace. She quickly calmed down again, giddy at my eagerness before continuing to eat me out. We kept exchanging tokens of our love until I felt her building up again. Her moans became ragged and short, gasping for air once in a while. Soon her tail began to coil and uncoil in pleasure, her voice pitching into a high, passionate moan, muffled by my dripping entrance. Feeling her essence surge, I took it back inside and began to suck with all my might. I wanted everything she could give. Now. Slowly but surely, tiny spurts flowed into my mouth. A far cry from her volume yesterday. Slightly irritated I kept it up, trying to wring out the last drops of her live-giving nectar. Much to my disappointment, it didn’t come letting me retreat from her aching shaft.“That's a little… underwhelming, Nica. Don’t you have more for me~?”, I whispered sultrily, giving her a gentle kiss on the head.She gritted her teeth, a slight hiss escaping her as she tightened her grip once again.“W...W-Wrong one!”, she shouted before diving back into my crotch, wrapping her tongue tightly around my clit. 
Her hands tried to forcefully grab my behind, kneading them thoroughly. One hand however, missed the mark, wrapping tightly around the spade of my tail and pulling it. The sudden and rough sensation pushed me over the edge, slamming my eyes shut. And just in time. Her other,  rather neglected shaft began to erupt like a geyser. My mouth hung open and my brain short circuited as her thick and heavy semen covered my chest and face. It was everywhere, glazing my horns, hair and skin in a milky white layer. Grasping blindly, I fished for her still bursting member to not lose any more of her gift. I drank, filling her mouth with my juices in return until it began receding out of my mouth, my tongue longingly trying to pull it back in. I reeked of Nica, head to toe, and I loved it. Utterly exhausted, Nica slumped backwards until I rested on her stomach. I gazed down at her tortured slit, my vision blurry from her seed. Breathing heavily, I turned around to face her. Her eyes widened at my new makeup and she began to stutter.“Oh, by Eros! I’m so sorry, dear. Let me clean you up.”She tried to reach for a towel next to the bathtub but I interrupted her with a messy kiss. Holding her face lovingly, my tongue invaded her mouth, taking as much essence with it as it could.“It's fine, Nica. If it makes you happy, you can do that anytime”, I said with a lewd smile, lapping up as much as I could with my tongue.“Aww, you~”, she replied before carefully cleaning my eyes and my nose with her prehensile tongue.“Like your own taste, Nica?”“An acquired taste I must say. You need to be a master chef to properly enjoy it”, she giggled.“But you. You taste wonderful, dear. Like a tropical cocktail on the beach.”We smiled at each other in quiet satisfaction and chose to remain like this for a while longer. The fact that we ruined our clothes once again didn’t really bother us.
“Much better!”, Nica exclaimed as the warm towel removed the last stain from my obsidian horns. I felt oddly refreshed, my face smooth and shiny. If her seed worked as a face mask then…“Thank you, Nica. So what did we learn today?”“Ummm… I should keep your stuff clean?”“No, dummy! If you ever feel like it, come to me. I believe I’m a better girlfriend than your hand.”, I huffed, making her blush.“How about I heat up that dinner I made? You must be hungry after all that.”“You’re a treasure, dear, but maybe we should get dressed first?”We both had shed our sullied clothes after our reunion, standing utterly naked in her bathroom once again. Perverted thoughts flashed in my mind, one which quickly convinced me.“Nonsense, Nica. I think that apron is everything I need.”With a lighthearted smile, I pulled her back into the living room before picking up the apron I had left on the couch yesterday. Nica followed my every move as I fastened the ribbons around my waist and back while slowly twirling around. Departing for the kitchen, I made sure to put an extra sway into my step, shaking my behind as much as I could, prompting Nica to whistle after me.“I could get used to this, my beautiful princess~”
We greedily devoured our dinner at Nica’s table. She was delighted at the familiar cuisine, continuously flattering me for my cooking.“Are you sure you can stay here, Sammy? What about your apartment? Or school?”“I can go to school from here, it's not that much farther away. I took everything important with me. A little dust won't destroy the apartment immediately, right? Besides… I would love seeing Anastasia deal with horny devil bugs.”, I giggled as I wrapped my arm around her back.“How mean! I am happy you are here for me, Sammy, but you shouldn't neglect your family like that.”“But you are my family! I could barely even sleep without you.”Nica gave me a loving kiss, loose coils surrounding me until I was warm and cozy.“Now, Nica. How many times did you sully my panties today? The bathroom was overflowing with your scent. I followed it from the bedroom”“Ummm…. Do you really want to know?”, she asked sheepishly, averting her gaze.“Of course I do. It couldn’t have been that bad, right?”“I… I can’t quite remember. At least seven times?”I began to salivate, thinking about the amount I had missed. What a waste.“You know where to put it next time, yes?”“Of course, darling. I will give you as much as you want!”“I love you, Nica. Please, don’t ever leave me.”“I love you too. I would never abandon my beautiful princess. Never forget that!”, she scolded.“Y-Yeah. You don’t know how happy I am to hear that.”We took a rest on her large couch, leaning into each other and silently enjoying our closeness until Nica dozed off on my shoulder with a content smile. I gently stroked her hair as I slowly drifted to sleep as well. In my dreams, her golden eyes kept looking at me, her piercing gaze laying me bare before her. There was not a thing between us now except for the lingering hesitation within my soul. I wasn't ready yet. My mind and my heart were locked in a fierce fight. Could I embrace all of her? No? Yes? I didn't know anymore. She was perfect. Kind, compassionate, loving and well endowed... in all the right places. Why shouldn't I give myself to her? Of course I had a job to do, a graduation and a career were on the horizon, but then what? Where? I would stay by her side, no questions asked, but I didn't want to become a burden to her. I could become a chef like she advised or could go back into sports. But then again, becoming a housewife wouldn't be too bad as well. Wife? That's a little much, isn't it? I could stay with her, give her the attention she deserves. I loved her dearly, and I had no intention to ever stop doing so. For now, I should stay here, enjoy my new life with her to the fullest. What would my parents say? Would they even care? Would I even care? Questions for another day. For now, lying in her strong arms was everything I needed.
I awoke early, luckily before I needed to be at school. Steeling my resolve, I slipped out of Nica's coils, tiptoeing into our bedroom and dug through my possessions. I had found a heated blanket at home, and I thought she would love it. After getting myself dressed, I snuck back into the living room. I carefully rolled my cute and sleepy echidna girlfriend in the blanket and gave her an affectionate kiss on her forehead."Good morning, Nica. Slept well?"She groggily opened her eyes, immediately trying to embrace me but the tight wrapping around her made it difficult. I giggled before hugging her instead."Rest some more. Warm up a little while I make us breakfast."She nodded gingerly, her eyes heavy and half closed. Putting on the already familiar apron, I started working on a hearty meal. Humming happily, I worked on the stove."I believe I will never get enough of this sight~"Nica laid her hand on my shoulder, causing me to turn around. Her Eros given body on full display, she smiled at me."L-Likewise, Nica. Just a moment, please. Breakfast will be ready soon."She squeezed me tightly, sniffing my hair."Eros, you’re wonderful and… You smell like… me!", she giggled, making me blush.After enjoying our breakfast together, I got ready for school."I'll be back at around 2 P.M., Nica. See you soon."I gave her a farewell kiss, eagerly returned by her."Have fun, dear. I love you.""I love you too."With a wide grin, I left our home. I couldn’t wait to return to my beautiful girlfriend.
  
    Chapter Text
    I sighed deeply when I arrived at the School. Being apart from Nica was still slightly uncomfortable, but a smile crept onto my face, knowing I would be back in her arms soon. The first lessons flew by incredibly quickly, leaving me resting in the canteen before the next one started. Deep and loud voices heckled maliciously from behind, the football team no doubt. I didn’t really want to deal with any of them, but I feared that I wouldn’t have such luck.“Sammy. We need to talk.”Shivers went down my spine as George grabbed a hold of my shoulder.“What do you-”“Shut up and come with me.”, he hissed, his eyes… pleading?I shrugged and stood up, turning towards him. I gestured to the exit, and we started to leave the building, the revolting chuckles of his company left behind us. Walking through the rows of people, some of them glaring up in pity, I felt on edge. What was he up to now?“What is it, George? I don’t have all day.”He grumbled deeply, seemingly searching for the right words.“There is only so much I can do until the others suspect something. I just wanted to give you a little heads up on what’s going on.”I cocked my head to the side, waiting for him to continue.“Sas’ was… rather direct towards Dimitry yesterday. She reported him and he might get charged for sexual harassment. He was suspended for now. I hope the others learned from that.”“What?! Why would she do that?”“Because she cares about you, dumbass? I have done my fair share of shitty things here, but that was too far. I’m really sorry you had to go through that. The club might have a bad reputation, but even we don’t want to deal with this kinda stuff.”I felt just a tiny bit of pity for him, given Nica’s reaction last time…“Thanks for telling me. I appreciate it. I-I’m sorry I assumed...”“Doesn’t matter, really. They wanted me to pick on you like usual. Just… go along with it, yeah?”“Why do you deal with these shitheads anyway? It’s not like they do you any good.”, I retorted.“Well… I want to get into professional football in the future. It’s something I can actually do well. If I don’t get along with them, I would have to train on my own. Peer pressure I guess.”George had a clearer vision of his future than me… It doesn’t excuse all the shit he put me through, but it made more sense then I liked to admit.“Besides… They make really good punching bags for Sas’.”, George added with a goofy smile.We both smirked at the absurdity of the situation before coming up with a little plan.“Just don’t make this a habit, alright? I don’t think Sas’ would approve of that. Even if you really aren't doing anything bad.”“Fair enough.”
As we returned to the canteen, I tried to put on the most disturbed expression I could muster, much to the meatheads delight. I was bad at acting, but they were too occupied with George to really notice. When I passed them, I returned to a content smile. No need to push down the mood, right? Heading for my seat, another voice interrupted my train of thought.“Hello, sweetie! How are you doing?”Jaqueline sat at a table, eating her breakfast all alone.“Hey Jackie! Where’s Rena? I barely see you two apart from each other.”“She was… not feeling well and she decided to stay at home.”, she said with a forlorn look.“It’s not serious, is it?”“No… At least, I don’t think it is.”“That’s good to hear. If you see her, tell her that I hope she gets better soon.”“Thanks, Sam. I will. How was your weekend with your girlfriend? Veronica, was it?”“It was wonderful. I can’t wait to get home to her!”“You two live together already?”, she asked with a questioning stare.“Well… Umm. For now. I live at her place for the time being, so we can spend more time together.”“I can understand that. Rena is always at my place. We share my bed at the moment. She was curled up, hugging my pillow when I left.”“How sweet!”“She can get a little clingy, but I love her for it.”, she giggled, reminding me of my echidna girlfriend.“If you don’t mind me asking, sweetie. How is your relationship going? I can see you are very happy together.”“Y-Yeah. I wouldn’t want anyone else but her. She’s so caring and gentle. It’s hard to put into words. S-She can be a little rough at times though...”“Rough, eh?”, she laughed.“Forget that last part…”“You should look at the store Rena and I went to at the mall. You might find something that you’ll both enjoy~ Me and Rena certainly have.”A deep blush crept into my face. Why was she so open about it? Like she could read my mind, she flashed a lewd smile.“I’m a succubus, sweetie. I know how to get my partner going. You’re still new to this, but we basically share the same blood. You’ll get there. There’s nothing wrong with spicing things up every once and a while~ Don’t forget that.”“I...I-I can try. T-Thanks for the advice.“Just let me know if you want any suggestions. I don’t want to brag, but I think I have some decent experience along with a subscription to their catalogue.”“T-Thanks for the offer, Jackie. I’ll think about it.She licks her lips, her eyes burning a deep purple.“Just make sure to give me all the juicy details~”, she whispered into my ear before the bell rang once again.
During the next lesson, my mind kept wandering towards Jaqueline’s advice. All the possibilities flashed before my eyes, making it difficult to focus on my schoolwork. I didn’t feel ready for any of them. I would have to start with something less… extreme. My face was flushed from the mental exertion and creeping needs. What could I do? I wanted her to enjoy it. There were so many things we could do, so many things I could subject her to, so many things she could do to me.... A couple of tamer ideas came up then and there, and I held onto them for later. The following gym class was exactly what I needed to keep my mind of all these hedonistic thoughts coursing through me. I powered through the exercises, my entire body dripping with sweat. I couldn’t help but smile at a familiar result at the end of class.“First place: Samantha Dylan. 10.3 seconds! Second place: George Marrow. 11.3 seconds!”I felt good about my improved time but decided to take another lap to cool down before heading into the showers.Given my ‘unique’ situation, I had difficulties in the locker rooms. If I was going to be naked, I really only wanted Nica to see me after all. Once the girls had left, I washed myself thoroughly before taking a look in the mirror. Drops of water covered my face and my perky chest, slowly dripping off of my chin and nipples. I bit my lip, a plan budding in my head. I searched through my bag for my phone, standing with my back towards the mirror. I turned my upper body around until both my breasts and my now rather plump butt were in full view. I wanted to make sure Nica could see everything I had to offer, so I leaned down as well. Coiling my tail in a vague heart shape, I took a photo of my reflection. I wrote Nica a message with a lewd smile on my face, attaching the photo to it.“I’ll be home soon, Nica. Wait for me♥~”Satisfied with my sudden offensive, I dried myself off and slipped into my clothes. Hoping she liked it, I made my way back home, back to her.
Knocking on her door, I waited for Nica to let me in. Moments later, she peeked her flushed face through the door.“Y-You are so cruel, Sammy!”“What did I do?”, I answered, cocking my head to the side with a sly smile.She looked at me with a pained expression, gritting her teeth.“That picture… They are not going down again. The things you do to me...”, she hissed meekly as she opened the door to let me in.Looking at her, I felt bad for not thinking about her libido more. Her skirt stood straight forward, revealing her throbbing shafts beneath in all their glory. It was a mesmerizing sight, honestly.“Please… get in before someone sees.”, Nica pleaded, tearing me out of my stupor.I dashed inside, slamming the door shut. Her secret was just for me.“I’m sorry, Nica. I… I thought you would appreciate the picture. Didn’t you like it?”“I did, but… you told me to wait.”, she whispered, breathing heavily.“I’ll guess I’ll just have to take responsibility then, won’t I? Do you want to see more?~”“Y-Yes, of course! You are so beautiful, my angel. I want to see everything!”With a giggle, I headed for the living room, shedding my outfit piece-by-piece along the way. I really wanted to see what she thought of the idea I just had.“Take a seat, Nica. I want to do something special for you~”I waited for her to compose herself, slithering towards the couch.“What do you mean, darling?”“Just sit back and enjoy the show!”, I grinned as my hand slid down to my waist. Slowly and sensually, I began massaging my perky breasts with one hand while the other travelled between my legs.I bit my lip, locking eyes with Nica and slowly caressing my body. She was in awe at the sight, her throbbing members rolling the fabric of her skirt back. Her smooth hands tightly gripped her massive shafts before she started to stroke herself. Seeing her pleasuring herself to me made me feel incredibly proud and aroused, her purple skin sliding along them almost hypnotic. I sat down onto the table, spreading my legs wide for her. Gauging Nica’s reaction, I pulled apart my lower lips with my fingers for her so she could get a better view. I could see her pupils turn to slits at my display. My body demanded that she saw everything. Moaning and gasping, my other hand slipped off my chest, reaching around to the base of my tail. Shivering, I brought it around until it rested between my chest. My eyes were hazy in bliss, only barely able to see Nica furiously working her rods. Winking seductively at her, I took the very tip of my spade into my mouth. Carefully, I dipped a finger into my dripping folds, trying to recall what Nica had done before and the pleasure she gave me. The thoughts of her touching me in my most private parts heated my body up even more. I caressed my inner walls, barely rubbing against my inner purity. That was for her… to take. My heart beat faster at the thought and I quickly shoved a second finger inside, shuddering at the addition. I stared at Nica’s throbbing members. Maybe three would be closer to her size? It was hard to tell in my love-drunk state. Using my tongue to tickle the tip of my tail, I slid my hand from the end all the way to the base. My body immediately locked up, waves of pleasure coursing through me. Eyes almost rolling back into my head, I came, soaking my fingers and dripping onto the table. I had been too fast, because Nica was still eagerly at work. I continued, just for her, despite my heightened sensitivity. This time, my hand found my aching clit and began rubbing it furiously while I pinched my nipples with the other. My tail fell limply to the side, unable to keep up with these tantalizing sensations. She deserved this for what I put her through. Soon, Nica’s moans reached a crescendo, warning me of the imminent torrent of her sticky essence. Slamming my eyes shut and letting my tongue loll out, I waited for her. I reached another mind-shattering climax as the first strands of seed hit my spotless skin, wetting my fingers for a second time. Nica had stood up, beginning to thoroughly cover me from head to toe in her love. My nose was filled with her intoxicating musk, making my womb tighten. I wanted more, all of it. Not just on me but in me as well, eagerly swallowing everything that my tongue could reach. Burst after burst of heavy semen covered me, dripping down my slender body and mixing with the juices that had begun pooling beneath me. 
Nica was breathing heavily, her hard rods relinquishing the last drops of her essence before receding back into her body.“Y...Y-You are sooo… naughty, Sammy. I love everything about you, my sweet, little princess~”“Me too. Your love, your taste, your smell… everything, really. It’s all so wonderful and I can't get enough of it.”, I replied, slowly licking her seed of my fingers.“As happy as that makes me, my dear, you might want to get cleaned up. At least I didn’t ruin your clothes this time.”“Won’t you join me, Nica?”, I asked her, barely able to see through my tinted vision.“I believe that would be a bad idea. I’m not sure if I could hold myself back anymore, Sammy. I’ll clean up here and get you something to wear, okay?”I shrugged, slightly disappointed but understanding.“Thank you, Nica. Although… If this continues, it might be a better idea to stay nude.”Nica’s face immediately lit up before she regained her composure.“T-That sounds wonderful, darling! O-Only if you want to, that is...”“I don’t think I’ll need to think about it too much~.”, I replied with a smile as I left for the bathroom, her love dripping off my skin along the way...Letting the warm water rush over me, I opened my mouth wide, hoping for some of her essence to find its way in. I licked my drenched forearms, greedily devouring everything I could reach. I moaned quietly, enjoying the heavenly taste of my girlfriend, my lover. I had to keep my rising libido in check, quickly rinsing and drying myself off to get back into the living room. Nica was already waiting for me, a stack of new clothes in her hands and the floor sparkly clean.“Let me put them on for you~”, she chimed, my black underwear hanging from her fingers.Tenderly, she started dressing me like a doll, lifting me into the air with her powerful tail. After slipping me into my panties and bra, she chose a purple top and a pair of black jeans. Knowing she picked them out, I felt content with my outfit, although it was somewhat of a tight fit.Once I was properly clothed, she pointed at my exposed midriff.“How about we go shopping today? I’m pretty sure you could use some new clothes already.”I huffed in a faked annoyance.“Are you telling me that I’m getting fat?”She hummed sensually, caressing my belly.“No~ But you are getting more… full, dear. You look breathtaking, but it can’t be comfortable.”“Sounds like a good idea. Afterwards, we really need to eat something though. I’m starving.”She nodded in agreement before pulling up her phone.“Should I call a cab?”“No, it’s fine. We can walk, right? It’s not that far.”“Good. Ready to head out, dear?”“Yes, let’s go.”I hooked my arm into hers, enjoying the simple feeling of her skin against mine as we headed  towards the door.“Nica?”“Yes, my dear?”, Nica replied with a smile.“Do you mind if I wear that?”I pointed to Nica’s jacket hanging from the coathanger, causing her to blush.“Oh, Sammy~ Of course you can!”She gracefully covered me in her oversized jacket, her sweet scent lingering in my nose.“Sooo cozy! Thank you, Nica.”, I whispered before kissing her on the cheek and heading out of the door.
Nica had a good eye for fashion and sizes, quickly picking outfits that suited me to a T.“I went shopping with many patients, giving them tips on clothing and such. I think I got quite good at judging, but I was able to feel your sizes in the flesh~”“These are wonderful, Nica. Thank you so much.”Satisfied with our quick findings, we exited the shop. I looked around the mall until a particular store caught my eye. I blushed remembering my talk with Jaqueline, but I felt like she was right. Nica would love this kinda stuff, right? Maybe I’ll visit it tomorrow…“What are you thinking about, my princess? You look a little distressed. Do you need something?”“N-No. I’m fine, Nica. J-Just a little cold.”She smiled at me, engulfing me in a hug.“Better, dear?”“Yes, thank you. You’re always so considerate.”“Don’t mention it~ That’s what I’m here for”, she giggled as we got ready to leave the mall.
On our way we got distracted when the hearty smell of the local food court pierced our noses.“How about we grab a little snack before we head home, dear?”“Ugh… We talked about this already, didn’t we? I can-”I was interrupted by my own stomach growling, leaving me speechless and beet red.“See?”, she giggled.“You seem to be just as hungry as I am! Please, my princess?”“F-Fine, I guess. But we can’t keep this up, alright? My girlfriend needs proper nourishment!”“You are such a sweetheart, Sammy~ What would you like?”We looked through the stands and shops, searching for something we both could enjoy. Many exotic things assaulted our senses, but in a wordless agreement, we decided on some simple burgers and large fries. The burger was quite fatty, yet tasty. The patty was a little burned and the salad was not as fresh as I had liked, but it was serviceable. I glanced over to Nica once in a while, watching her enjoy her’s with a wide grin. Soon, we devoured them entirely, leaving only the fries for us to share.“Dear, you have some sauce on your cheek. Here, let me get that for you.”, Nica chimed, picking a napkin from the table. Slightly embarrassed, I waited for her to approach as a damp sensation hit my cheek. I jerked to the side, coming face to face with a snow-white snake, looking at me with beady red eyes. I jumped back in shock, almost falling out of my chair.“Sorry, dear. I believe you haven’t met them yet. They can be a little hard to keep in check at times.”, Nica huffed with an annoyed expression, glaring at the sudden newcomer until it slowly pulled back from my face… into Nica’s flowing, black hair. I saw four red dots shimmer through the darkness, watching intently.“I’m truely sorry about that, Sammy. They kept scaring my patients, so I had to discipline them a lot. Apparently they liked the sauce just as much as you did~”Dumbfounded, I tried to recall what I had learned about echidna’s already. How could I forget that they have snakes in their hair?“I-It’s fine, Nica. They’re kinda cute, surprisingly. No offense.”“None taken.”, she giggles mischievously flicking her long tongue through the air, imitating her animalistic companions.“Here, as an apology. Open wide~”Nica dipped a fry into a small bowl of ketchup before bringing it closer to me.Equally delighted and embarrassed, I accepted the salty snack. We sat there for minutes, Nica feeding me fries at a table in the mall, wiping my mouth with a napkin once in a while. She was so doting that it made my heart melt. How did I deserve such an angel... echidna?“Did you like it, Sammy? The food here is wonderful.”“Y-Yeah...”, I replied meekly, not wanting to tell her that I was too preoccupied with enjoying her affection to actually care about the food.“Should we head home? The sun will be setting soon.”“S-Sure. T-Thanks for the date, Nica.”, I stuttered.“Oh my. If you count that as a date already, then my real plans must be closer to a honeymoon~”, Nica swooned, making my head spin.Humming joyfully, Nica took my hand in hers before we headed home.
  
    Chapter Text
    The following morning, I found myself in our bed. Unable to move or even speak. Nica had wrapped herself tightly around me, pressing my face into her chest and making it impossible for me to wake her. I felt a deep sense of comfort from my predicament, but I knew that I had things to do. I began softly kissing Nica onto her gentle curves to see if I could get her to stir. She giggled a couple of times in her sleep, tightening her embrace and humming softly. Her slowly warming skin felt wonderful against mine, almost lulling me back into a blissful sleep until she began to weakly stretch herself.“Good morning, my princess~ Had a good sleep?”Her bleary, shining eyes slowly opened, meeting mine with a soft smile. She loosened her grip on me, allowing me to speak up to her.“Morning, Nica. It was really relaxing. I have to go to school soon, though. Could you let me go?”“I really don’t want to, Sammy. When do you have to get going?”, she asked with a sleepy smile.“About 7.”, I replied with a yawn, causing Nica to lock up.She shook awake, quickly uncoiling around me.“Oh, by Eros! I’m so sorry, dear. Even though I said that I didn’t want to pull you away from your studies!”I rubbed my shoulders, already missing her tight embrace before looking at the clock.Half an hour? That’s cutting it a little close. I gave Nica a quick kiss and vaulted out of the bed. Slipping into my new clothes, I decided to still make some simple breakfast. I couldn’t leave Nica with an empty stomach after all. I prepared a nice platter for her and headed for the door.“See you later, Nica! I’m heading out!”, I shouted while fiddling with my boots.“D-Dear… I-I have something for you before you go.”Nica slithered up behind me, giving me a quick hug with a flushed face. Her right hand was clenched tightly as I inspected her gorgeous body.“Y-You are welcome at any time, Sammy. H-Here, take this...”, she stuttered, stretching out her arm.Confused, I moved to receive her gift. With a quiet click, she dropped something into my hand. A key.“See you later, Sammy. I love you.”, Nica smiled as she engulfed me in a tight hug. Her bare breasts rubbing into my face and filling my nose with her sweet, intoxicating scent.“I love you too, Nica. I’ll be back soon.”She retreated from the door, vanishing back into the living room. Stunned, I looked at the house key she had handed me. The key to her… our home. With a wide grin I opened the door, ready to greet the new day.
School was just as boring as I thought it would be. Especially since I hadn’t seen anyone to talk to. Saskia was preoccupied with her rowdy group of mamono girls while Jackie and Rena were nowhere to be seen. Maybe they didn’t come to school today? I hope Rena is alright. Mindlessly slogging through the necessary materials, I couldn’t wait for the bell to ring until it finally chimed throughout the building. The entire day, my thoughts kept returning to the mall… To that shop. Leaving the courtyard, I headed towards the mall with an unconsciously quickened pace, not knowing if it was out of anxiety or excitement. Not too far away from the store, I looked around to make sure no one was looking. I tried to pull my hood over my head, just to get it stuck on my horns. Cursing quietly, I did my best to still slink inside unseen.I trudged through endless rows of toys, equipment, and lingerie, each more outlandish then the last. My face was burning with embarrassment, hiding behind the high shelves so nobody saw. All these things… What do they even do? The towering dildos were rather obvious, but most of them were smaller than Nica’s. The rest was truly intimidating, making me question the tendencies of the more… eccentric mamono. I wouldn’t, and definitely couldn't, buy any of these. After a while, I found myself next to a fitting room. Thinking on what to choose, I slipped inside and pulled out my phone. I guess there was only one person I could ask, right? With shaky hands, I dialed up Jackie’s number. She was way more familiar with this kind of stuff after all. I let the phone ring a couple of times, thinking she wouldn’t pick up until someone finally answered.“Hello. Rena here… Jackie’s a little tied up with somethin’ right now. Should... I tell ‘er you called?”Her voice was hoarse, stopping in between to take deep breaths...“H-Hey, Rena. It’s Sam. I wanted to ask J-Jackie if she would help me with something.”She giggled, muffled sounds echoing through the speakers.“Oooh! Are ya at ‘Sin-Sations’, right now?”, she stated bluntly, making me swallow heavily.Jackie must have mentioned our little discussion yesterday. I fought with my words, trying to find the right ones between my boundless embarrassment. A loud plop through the phone tore me out of my thinking, followed by a loud gasp for air.“Give me the phone, Rena. That's not helping.”Slight static distorted the phone call until I heard Jackie, loud and clear albeit somewhat out of breath too.“Hello, Sweetie! Sorry, but Rena can be a little… eager.”, she said, beginning to whimper quietly.“S-Should I call later, Jackie? Y-You seem to be… o-occupied.”, I stuttered with a flushed face.The soft and wet noises forcing their way into my ears made her predicament rather easy to understand.“N-No. It’s fine, sweetie. I can multitaaaa-”A loud moan interrupted her answer, and I quickly turned down my phone's volume.“W-What can I help you with?”, she reiterated while panting heavily.“I-I’m at that store right now, and I want to find something for me and Nica to enjoy...”“Already, huh? Just like my girlfriend! What are ya looking for, Sammy? Something for ya or her~?”, Rena interrupted with a sultry tone.“Ummm… For me. I-I don’t know how Nica would feel about that yet.”, I stuttered absentmindedly.How could they remain so… composed, doing that?“A toy for a newly turned succubus? How far are you willing to go, sweetie? What are you comfortable with?”Jackie’s questions were really personal, but she knew what she was talking about.“I-I haven’t gone a-all the way yet. I’d rather start… slow.”“Not too deep!”, she screamed, making me recoil from my phone.“Sorry… Not too deep, slow and steady, right? How about...”“How about a vibe?”, Rena chimed in again.I hadn’t really dealt with women's toys before, so I was rather perplexed.“A v-vibe?”, I questioned them quietly, causing Jackie to chuckle.“A vibrator, sweetie. H-Head to the far left of the store. Behind the lingerie. Take them into your hand. Turn them on~ As long as they are not bigger than what you are comfortable with, you shouldn’t have a problem. If you find something you… like, feel free to tell the clerk I sent you… She’ll give you a discount.”“T-Thanks, Jackie. I really appreciate the help… Have fun, you two.”“That gives me an idea, Jackie~”, Rena interjected.“Trust me. We will~ Have fun with your treasure as well.”, she whispered before breaking out into a loud scream.I pulled the phone away from my ear and ended the call. I think I took up enough of their time…
Following Jackie’s instructions, I found the vibrators. The toys lined a large shelf, for sale in all kinds of shapes, sizes, colors, and textures. Taking one in my hand and turning it on made me shiver with perverted glee. It was way too big for me, but the deep vibrations massaging my fingers made me bite my lip in anticipation. Returning it to its rightful place, I inspected the other options. Some were shaped like tentacles, thrashing and coiling once I turned them on. They were… interesting, but not something I would choose. Others were quite phallic, reaching dangerous lengths and widths. A smaller, egg-shaped one caught my eye though. It was a little over an inch tall and half as wide. The size wasn’t what drew me in however. It was the color. A deep and dark purple, not unlike Nica’s proud members. The surface was smooth and cool to the touch, reminding me of her very fingers, albeit much less sensual. A smile crept up my face as I picked up the package below it. This one would do, for now at least. I really hoped Nica would like it. My face held low, I approached the counter. Buying something like this was incredibly humiliating, but knowing it was for her made me feel much better. The dark elf behind the counter either didn’t really seem to care about my discomfort or just didn’t notice.“Excellent choice, miss. Is it for personal use or would you like it gift wrapped?”“No… It’s fine. I...I-Its for me. Jaqueline suggested this place to me.”The elf showed an almost malicious grin, pulling a bag from behind the counter.“Jackie is a regular patron here, and gets us quite a few new customers with her recommendations~ Consider it a promotional gift.”“R-Really? I mean...”“Just enjoy it, miss. If you are satisfied with your purchase, you’re likely to come back for more. They always do~.”She put the box in a discreet, black bag and handed it over to me.“Thank you.”“Come back any time, miss. We have many more items to choose from.”She took a glance at a mannequin behind me, prompting me to turn around. Black lingerie was displayed on it, nothing more than thin, black strings like a spider’s web. The ensemble left very little, if anything at all, to the imagination. I noticed the threads on the lower piece left a conveniently placed opening at the wearer’s crotch. They looked incredible, making me wonder how I would look in them. More importantly, how would Nica think I’d look in them? However, my common sense still buckled against my lust, making me sigh in defeat at the lost opportunity.“Those are from a brand new line, handcrafted by a close associate. I could reserve a pair for you, if you are interested~”“T-That would be nice… Please, do that...”“Sure thing! I would just need your sizes first.”I gave her slightly larger sizes than I actually was, since I was sure I wouldn’t retain my size for too long. Leaving the mall, the familiar ringing of my phone tore me out of my lewd daydreaming. I pulled it out, seeing that Nica was calling. I quickly accepted the call, bringing it to my ear.“Hello?”“Sammy? Did something happen? I was getting worried.”I felt really bad for forgetting as Nica’s concerned voice echoed through the speakers.“Sorry, Nica. I forgot to tell you this morning. I needed to pick something up before heading home. I’ll be back soon.”“Alright, dear. Please, don’t make me worry like that. What did you get anyway?”“It’s a surprise! Love you, Nica. I’ll see you soon.”“I love you too, dear.”
Standing in front of our apartment, I began fishing for the key she gave me this morning. The shining metal trinket reminded me of how much she must trust me. I gave it a quick kiss and unlocked the door with it. Subtle warmth welled through the door, hitting me with a wave of comforting heat. Leaving my boots and jacket in the hallway, I peeked into the living room. Nica sat there, working on a laptop, like I had left her this morning… completely naked.“I’m back, Nica!”, I chimed, throwing my bag into a corner.“O-Oh! Hello, dear. Welcome back! Let me just finish this application really quick. We have a new member for the support group tomorrow.”“Really? Who is it?”, I inquired as I headed for the bathroom.“Miss Tennille. She apparently turned yesterday.”Tennille? I was certain I heard that name before, but I couldn’t quite place it.“I’m going to freshen up a little, Nica. I’ll be right back.”“Okay, my princess. I’ll be waiting for you~”I quickly walked into the bathroom, closing the door behind me. I wanted to surprise her. Led by my rising arousal, I stripped myself of my clothes until I stood naked in front of the mirror. Unpacking the vibe, I found the remote inside the package and weighed it in my hand. It had dozens of different settings, each more tantalizing than the last. Unsealing the toy, I opened it to insert the battery. I could feel myself becoming wet already, wiping the egg-shaped toy along my folds to lubricate it. Biting my lip, I slowly inserted it into me until it just barely vanished inside my womanhood. It felt… strange, foreign. It was nice, but it didn’t have the same appeal that Nica and her tail had. Shaking my head, I grabbed the remote tightly and returned to my girlfriend’s side. 
Nica had already put aside her laptop, reclining into the couch on her massive coils with her eyes closed. I slunk up to her, sitting down on her tail just below her lap.“Are you finished with your work, Nica~?”, I asked with a sultry tone as I looked over my shoulder.Her eyes wide, she stared at my backside and swallowed heavily.“Y-Yeah. How was your day? Anything new in school?”“No… Not really. I-I have a p-present for you though...”She looked confused, her head cocking to the side. With a shaky smile, I handed her the remote.“W-What’s this?”, she inquired meekly, looking at the different settings.“J-Just… try it.”I gritted my teeth, waiting for her to start. Hesitantly, she turned the dial up by one notch, and we immediately gasped in unison. My crotch began to vibrate softly, massaging my inner walls and her beautiful tail. An expression of shock on her face, Nica immediately turned the toy back off, leaving me shivering in her lap.“S-Sammy! Are you serious? W-What about your-”“It’s... fine, Nica.”, I panted, grasping for her arm.I pulled her arm over my shoulder, hugging it tightly.“Please… continue, Nica. I… I’m still afraid. Still hesitant, but I want you to enjoy this as much as possible.”“A-Are you sure, S-Sammy? What about you? It’s your b-body after all. I don’t want to do anything you don’t like...”“Nica… My love. If I didn’t want this, I wouldn’t have bought it. Now please, turn it back on.”I pleaded at her, my utter need for her shimmering in my eyes.“If… If you really want that, then I won’t say no. I h-hope you’re ready.”I leaned myself into her, ready to give myself into her care, but her towering members soon pressed into my back.“So you like this too?~ Did I make the right choice?”“D-Definitely! You are so… sexy, darling. I can’t get enough of you sometimes.”She wrapped both her arms around me, pressing her stiff shafts against my back before turning the toy back on. I gasped at the sudden sensation, the vibrations coursing through my body and into Nica’s powerful tail. We moaned together, her rods pulsing against me every time she changed the vibe’s settings. Breathing heavily, I rolled around to face her, my chest tightening as the powerful musk of her members tickled my nose. All I had given her so far was my pleasure, but maybe I could return the favor.“Are you ready, Nica? I think I have another present for you~”I grabbed her trembling shafts with both hands as I stared into her lust filled eyes.“W-What do you have in m-mind?”, she stuttered, her erections poking my stomach.Without a further word, I slipped down her tail, cradled by the rest of her powerful body.Her towering rods slowly slid into my vision, making my mouth water.Enjoying the wonderful view, I gave her a kiss on one of her eager tips, causing it to twitch and tremble in anticipation. I opened my mouth wide and took her in. I rolled my tongue around her head, sucking on it passionately until I had properly adjusted. I pushed it as far in as I could, but there was still about half of it left. I looked up into her golden eyes, but saw no haziness like yesterday. Instead, I saw the longing gaze of a lover that had so much more in mind, so much more to give... I nodded meekly, giving her the okay to do whatever she had planned. Her slitted pupils narrowed as she placed her right hand on my head. Her hesitation had vanished, a seductive giggle escaping her lips as she teased me with a playful wink.“Do you want everything I have, sweetie?”My eyes widened in a hint of fear, but I knew I would be alright. She would keep me safe like she always did. I nodded again, suckling eagerly on her shaft.“Good. But if you want something… you have to work for it!”
She turned up the settings, causing my entire body to convulse in excess when her hand pressed down on my head. Inch by inch, her massive member slid down my throat, her gorgeous body drawing ever closer. She throbbed eagerly as her shaft bulged my throat. Throwing caution to the wind, I put my hands on her hips and pulled myself towards her. Mind numbing seconds of perverted lust passed as tears formed in my eyes, testing my limits. Her shaft bumped the back of my throat, knocking the air out of me. Panic overcame me and I slapped a hand on her hip, pleading with her to relinquish my mouth so I could breathe.“Are you alright, honey? I… I’m sorry. We can stop anytime if you want to.”Her eyes were full of fear and concern when I took deep breaths to regain my composure, the taste of her delicious nectar dancing on my tongue.“It’s... alright. Trust me. I can take it.”, I replied with a strained grin before continuing my work.Nica’s fingers combed through my hair as I engulfed her member once again. It was a slow process, gagging multiple times as I took inch by inch of her. I could feel her swell and spasm in my throat when I finally succeeded, resting my nose against her groin. Drool escaped my mouth, covering her rod as I pulled my head up until the very tip rested on my tongue. I then dove slowly back down to the point that my lips met her slit. Nica continued to slip her fingers over the remote, leaving me moaning onto her member in bliss. She was so big, but knowing that she belonged to me alone made me feel like I was obligated to do this. Her essence stored in these gargantuan shafts was mine to take, and I wanted all of it. I asked myself how much this thing might hold and my womb contracted in anticipation. I really didn’t want to waste anymore of her sweet love.
I closed my eyes, taking in the strange sensations. My jaw hurt, my throat utterly filled with her fierce member as she let go of my head. I pulled back just enough to draw another hasty breath around her girth and pushed my head back into her crotch. I had trouble looking at her face, being cross-eyed and love-drunk, swallowing her twitching rod over and over. Nica was everything I had on my mind. Her love, her strength, her embrace… her… two, throbbing members. Remembering her neglected second shaft, I pulled myself off her, gasping for air. In my haze, I stared up at Nica, half my face obscured by her other rod as I slowly traced my tongue from the base to the tip.“I haven’t forgotten you~”, I cooed with a lascivious grin.Not waiting another second, I quickly engulfed it, making her moan and thrash. Her tail coiled around my chest, pulling my entire body towards her as she thrust up. She adjusted the settings of the vibe to a gentle massage, her tail gently caressing my sensitive clit. She lost all sense of reason, violently jamming her massive girth down my throat, becoming just lucid enough once in a while for me to alter between her shafts. Feeling her bulging in my throat made me ask myself… What would happen if she-?I couldn’t finish the thought as she bottomed out with a final, massive thrust. She spasmed and moaned, accidentally setting the vibe to max. The violent and powerful shaking of the toy drove me over the edge as well. Just moments later, I could feel her member swell. Bit by bit, from the back to the front, it filled with her essence before bursting down my throat like a hose. My eyes rolled back into their sockets as her second shaft thoroughly covered my chest. Completely intoxicated from her delicious semen, I delighted in the mind shattering feeling of her load flowing straight down into my stomach. I felt an overwhelming sense of fulfillment and peace as her erections subsided, slipping from my mouth and leaving my throat empty once again. Breathing heavily, I slumped forward in her lap, bathing in this blissful moment. I felt Nica slowly sliding to the side, pulling me along with her until I rested on her stomach.“T-That was unbelievable! You really didn’t need to try so hard though, my dear. I don’t want you to hurt yourself.”, Nica panted, resting her hands on my shoulders.“I did that because I wanted to, Nica. If it means I can enjoy our time together more, I’ll do it over and over again.”, I replied while sliding my hand down to my belly.It was slightly stretched out to make place for Nica’s generous gift.“Wow… I look like I’m...”Nica rested her head on my shoulder, following my gaze downwards.“Pregnant?~”She whispered into my ear with a sensual and somewhat proud tone, making me shudder. Would she even be able to…“You look wonderful, darling, but I advise you against moving too much. If you need something, just ask me.”“But… I still need to make you dinner-”“S-Sammy, I believe you have eaten more than enough. We still have the leftovers from our last meal in the fridge. I’m no chef, but I believe I can deal with the microwave.”I giggled at her remark. Of course she could.“Here, let me get that thing out of you.”Her slender fingers caressed my bulging stomach, her creamy essence sloshing within me, as she traveled down towards my utterly soaked slit. With two fingers, she pulled the vibe out of my trembling entrance, dripping with juices.“I think I have enough to satiate myself with for now.”, Nica cooed as she sensually licked the toy clean, sucking every single drop into her mouth.“That must have been exhausting, dear. T-Thank you for all of that. You really didn’t need to.”“Nonsense, Nica! I turned into an alp for a reason, and I would be damned if I didn’t make the best of it.”, I replied snarkily.“Oh, my cute, little princess~ Let me carry you to bed. Don’t hesitate to ask me if you need anything.”Gently, she lifted me off my comfortable resting place, carrying me into the bathroom and wiping her second load off my chest with a warm towel. Lowering me onto our bed, she sat down next to me, slowly stroking my hair with her fingers as she began to whisper a sweet lullaby. My eyelids became more heavy with every tone of her beautiful voice, and I quickly grew drowsy.“I love you, Nica...”“I love you too, my dear. Let us relax and see what the rest of the day has to offer~”
After a couple of hours of restful sleep, I awoke in Nica’s tight embrace, still just as full.“How do you feel, darling?”“I’m still a little… stuffed I think.”, motioning to my still somewhat round belly.“I’m alright though. You’re here, so things can’t ever be that bad~. How long was I out for?”, I asked while rubbing my eyes.“About 2 hours. I heated up some food for myself, but I really didn’t want to leave your side~”She rested next to me, lifting my chin lightly and piercing me with her golden eyes.“Should we watch some TV? I don’t think we could go anywhere today.”“Yeah. That sounds nice.”, I replied, shakily standing up.I felt… rather content despite the extra weight on me. Nica quickly stood up and hooked her arms under mine to support me. She was way too tall for it to work and quickly resorted to carrying me instead. She sat down on the couch, laying me on her lap. Resting my head onto her chest, I almost fell back asleep to the melodic beat of her heart until some more troubling thoughts came to mind.“Nica..?”She lightly tickled my nose with her finger and giggled“Yes, dear? What can I do for you?”“You know… I really love you, right? And that I want to make you as happy as you can be. What is it that you want?”She looked at me with a confused expression. It was hard to look at her with the questions at the tip of my tongue.“You, of course. You’re everything I’ll ever-”“N-No, Nica. That is not what I mean. You have me already, now and forever. I’m asking what you wish for. What do you want our relationship to be? We’re sitting here together, having fun and loving each other. I don’t want it to ever end, really. It’s nice, and I love it. I love you, but… you know.”I was missing the right words to say, stumbling over myself."What... What do you want us to be?”, I said while turning my head to look into her eyes.Nica was silent, a forlorn expression on her face.“...A family. I’m an echidna, Sammy. One of my wishes, ever since I was old enough, was to become a mother like my kin so often are…. My condition makes it… rather impossible in a sense. If only...”A single tear escaped her golden eyes, making my heart twinge. She was caring, loving, and strong in her own right like a good mother should, but her inability to be one was heartbreaking. My gaze travelled down to my stomach, still slightly bulging with Nica’s essence. What if she… What if I…“Nica?”, I asked, wiping away her singular tear with my finger.“Yes, dear?”“How should I say this… Are you… f-fertile?”I couldn’t believe that I was asking this and Nica couldn’t either, her eyes widening a little.“I-I mean… The curse is irreversible. I will never be able to bear a child, but my semen is pretty much the real deal… In theory, I could-”“Good. That’s all I needed to hear.”“Huh?”, she stared into my emerald eyes with an incredulous expression.“Well… If you can’t be a mother a-anymore, then maybe… in the f-future… I could...”My embarrassment swallowed my words, leaving me to hope she would understand. Tears were streaming down her face, not of sadness or loss, but of joy.“I-If you would… I mean… We could…I-”“It’s fine, Nica… We have time, right? No need to rush~”I smiled up at her, softly placing her hands on my swollen belly. I wasn’t sure of it, but for her…“You are an angel, Sammy. Thank you. What did I ever do to deserve you?”“You love me. I think that’s enough.”She buried her face in my hair, causing me to lean back and close my eyes. With a little time, maybe we could make this work.
  
    Chapter Text
    “I’m back!”, I shouted through the apartment after closing the door.I headed into the living room, neatly folding my wet clothes onto a table next to the entrance. Another uneventful school day only left me wanting to come home that much more. The pouring rain outside and the absence of an umbrella made me yearn for warmth, her warmth.“Hello, dear. How was your day?”Nica stood next to the window, watching the tumultuous weather outside. She smiled at me, inviting me for a cup of hot chocolate. Thankful, I accepted the drink and took a cautious sip.“Dreary and boring.”, I stated absentmindedly, enjoying the sweet and warm liquid flowing down my throat.Nica’s tail wrapped around my hip, pulling me to her side.“Oh, I can’t have my poor darling catching a cold now, can I?, she says, wrapping herself around me until I was locked in her embrace.She hardly wasted an opportunity to dote on me, and I loved every second of it. A blush crept onto my face as I noticed that we were naked in front of a window, and I shifted uncomfortably. She apparently felt my uneasiness, laying her hand on my shoulder with a gentle squeeze.“Don’t worry, dear. No one can see us from here. Your beauty is only for me to enjoy after all~”Her calm and slightly sultry whisper quickly quelled my apprehension as I leaned into her. Despite the dark sky outside and the seemingly never ending flood of heavy rain, I felt at peace. I cuddled into her, gladly taking in the warmth of both the chocolate and her body.“Hey, Nica? Should I cook something for the group again? They seemed to really like it last time.”“I don’t see why not. Everything you make is delicious. What do you have in mind?”I caressed her stomach slightly, causing her to giggle.“I was thinking about making dumplings. What do you think?”“I haven’t had those since I was little! What a wonderful idea. Do we have everything we need here or should we head out shopping?”“I think we should be covered. No need to worry.”
With an appreciative nod from her, I headed into the kitchen. After throwing on the apron, I gathered vegetables and minced meat from the fridge for the filling. When I started on mixing the dough, I noticed that Nica had entered the room, taking a seat at the table in the corner.“Is something the matter, Nica?”“No, honey. I just want to see you work your magic~”, she swooned with a grin.I felt her eyes eagerly investigating my backside, and I couldn’t restrain myself from swinging my hips with every move. I could already feel myself moisten from her piercing gaze alone. Peeking over my shoulder, I caught Nica licking her lips with a longing expression. I knew that I kept riling her up more and more, but I just couldn’t stop. I began to shiver and squirm as I heard her whisper directly into my ear, her bountiful chest pressing into my back. She had snuck up to me, cupping my chin with her hand.“D-Dear, would you do me a favor?”, she asked, pleading in her eyes.“W-What do you have in mind?”“Just relax...”I gasped loudly, feeling something pushing against my groin. Taking a deep breath, I felt her slowly slipping that familiar toy inside.“Really, Nicaaa~?”, I moaned deeply, her fingers caressing my inner folds before leaving the small egg behind.“Don’t you go acting like that, honey. You asked for this. I could smell you across the room~”I bit my lip with a silent nod. She was right, but I was too embarrassed or too horny to confess it. The end of her tail tickled my legs, her sensual laughter echoing in my head once she had returned to her seat.“A-And now?”, I asked her with a lightheaded expression.“Nothing~ If you need my help, just ask me, okay?”Her lusty gaze made it hard to return to the task at hand, but I somehow managed. I started mixing the dough, kneading and shaking it in my bare hands. It was sticky and slimy, not unlike… I yipped in surprise when the vibe came to life, slowly starting to massage my entrance with gentle vibrations. It was on a low setting, but I knew that her mercy wouldn’t last. I moaned and squirmed, kneading the mix thoroughly between my fingers. My legs were shaky, and I had difficulty focusing. As soon as I reached for a knife to cut the meat, the toy stopped suddenly. It rested inside me, utterly quiet and still until I finished dicing. The moment I laid the knife aside, the vibrations returned, even stronger than before. Barely audible, wet noises grew louder in my ears, prompting me to turn around to see where they came from. With the remote resting on the table, she had begun furiously stroking her members while watching me trying to cook. My body urged me to help her in her endeavor, but I had a job to finish first. Tearing my eyes away from her inviting shafts, I returned to the food. Flattening out the dough, Nica decided to spice her game up even more. Every time the rolling pin traveled across the beige batter, she dialed the vibe back and forth, making me quiver with every stroke. My juices leaked onto the floor, but the toy stopped once again once I started to cut the dough into the right size. Every time I almost got my bearings, Nica dialed up the toy again. She giggled at my struggle, but she was cautious not to push my limits. I searched for a large pot in our kitchen, purposefully bending over and presenting my exposed rear to her as I leaned down into a cabinet. In a futile attempt at retaliation, I slapped my rear, purring seductively as I formed a heart with my tail and made sure the tip pointed at my exposed behind. Suddenly, the toy buzzed violently. I had to catch myself on my hands and knees before I fell over. Still stunned, I heard Nica giggle behind me.“Nice try, Sammy, but I’m still enjoying the view. You’ll have to be a big girl and tough it out for now.~”
As I prepared a vegetable stock in the pot, I heard her furiously working on her towering members, forcing a chuckle out of me. Filling the dumplings with the fresh meat and vegetables, the vibe performed a celebratory buzz every time I finished one. Soon, I was eagerly anticipating the completion of each and every dumpling, craving for the ‘treat’ I got as a reward. There wasn’t much left to do now. The vibe slowly thrummed in my depths when I carried the collection of tasty snacks to the pot. Piece by piece, I dropped them into the boiling liquid. With a lecherous grin, Nica turned the remote up a notch for every single one. Gritting my teeth, I fought through the pleasure, my groin vibrating furiously until the final dumpling swam in the strong stock. The intense sensation drove me over the edge, spraying the kitchen floor with my juices as I tried to turn the heat up on the stove. With a love-drunk expression, I shambled towards her, the toy still mercilessly assaulting my sopping wet entrance.“Y-You...”, I stuttered, barely able to form proper words.“D-Did I overdo it?”Without giving her an answer, I sat down on her lap, her massive members holding me upright from behind. My hands met hers as I gave her a passionate kiss, burying my tongue in her mouth. Overcome by the sudden attack, Nica loosened her grip on the remote, letting me pull it out of her hand. I dialed it down but still let it buzz away inside me. Moments later, Nica’s phone alarm started ringing. She tore herself away from my mouth, breathing heavily.“S-Sammy. We have to g-get ready. We can’t...”“I won’t let you suffer through that again, Nica. You won’t leave this house before I wring you dry. You owe me that much~”An idea sparked in my mind, a really effective one, if a little mean. It was time to step up my game. Leaning forward, I reached for the objects of my desire. I grabbed her members until they were firmly lodged between my legs. The vibrations shaking my lower body tickled her shafts, causing her to gasp at the foreign pleasure.“You like that, Nica? L-Let me show you what you’ve been missing~”, I panted softly, before continuing the kiss.I tightened my grip, slowly dialing the toy back up. We squirmed and moaned in pleasure together, the vibe adding a new layer of ecstasy to our further deepening love. With an almost lecherous grin, I turned the dial to max, my body freezing up as I climaxed for a second time. The indiscriminate raging of the toy drove us both over the edge, slickening her shafts with my juices as she sprayed her heavy load across the kitchen floor.
“What did you think of that, Nica?”, I asked her, completely out of breath.“You’re so… lewd~”, she replied, nuzzling her face into mine.“I’ll take that as a compliment~”, I said, giving her a peck on the cheek.“Darling, as much as I want to stay like this a little while longer, we’re going to have to hurry to make it on time...”“Fuck! The dumplings!”Dismounting my girlfriend, I raced over to the pot. Luckily, they were still edible, if a little overdone.“Go ahead and get ready, Nica. I’ll clean this up.”“B-But that is my...”“It’s not like I gave you much choice~ Don’t worry about it.”“I love you, dear.”“I love you too.”, I replied, giving her a quick kiss.I took one look at the mess we made and realized it was a lost cause for now. I cleaned myself up before packing up the dumplings. While I didn’t look as decent as I wanted, I looked good enough… Aside from still being naked, of course. I thought of the girls while throwing my clothes back on. I hadn’t seen them in a week. I wonder how they’ve been doing. All things considered, I think I was taking my new life pretty well. I just finished brushing my hair as Nica emerged from the bathroom, clad in a simple, dark red sweater and a long skirt.“Are you ready, dear?”“Yes. Let’s hope they like them.”, I replied, holding the box of freshly cooked dumplings.“I’m sure they will. They are made with love after all~”I poked her stomach in mock annoyance before turning towards the door. Side by side, we exited the apartment. Luckily the rain had subsided, leaving a soaked but idyllic cityscape. Nodding to each other, we set off.
As suspected, we arrived a little late. The other girls were waiting for us at the door.“I’m sorry, girls. We were talking on our way here and didn't notice we were running late.”, Nica told them with an apologetic smile.It wasn’t a lie, but more didn’t need to be said.“About time!”, Mel pouts, earning herself a whack on the head from her sisters.Nica chuckled softly, opening the door to let us in. The glass door creaked open, revealing the familiar, welcoming room behind it. Waving us inside, she closed the door behind us.Taking our usual places, Nica welcomed every one of the girls one by one as I placed the dumplings on the table.“Today, we will have a newcomer. Hopefully, she will arrive soon, so please welcome her!”, Nica chimed.We waited for the arrival, the girls already eying what I had brought today. Just before Najda could ask about it, someone knocked against the door, prompting Nica to open it. In the doorway stood a large girl. She had a light-green skin color, her body turning into dozens of intertwining green and purple tentacles below her waist. She had a wide smile on her face, waving her tentacled appendages at the group.“Evenin’! Good to see ya two again!”, she yipped happily.My eyes widened in surprise as I recognized her.“Rena?!”“Rena Tennille. Nice ta meetcha!”I knew I heard the name somewhere before, but I hadn't expected it to be her. I thought about the day after my transformation, how hers might have been. Was she alright? How did she cope? What did Jackie think? I wanted to talk with her later. Now wasn’t the best time for a chat just between friends. Maybe, I could pay her back for helping me. She slinked into the room, giving a slight nod towards Nica. She took a while longer to recognize the bubbly girl since she had only met Rena once."Welcome, Rena! How is Jaqueline doing?""Ummm… Ya know… resting? Sort of...", she stuttered with a flushed face.Seeing the dozens of writhing tendrils thrashing around her, I think I already knew more than I wanted. She was a little wobbly on her 'feet' as she pulled up a seat next to me. She continued to coil and wrap her body around itself, despite her not really seeming to notice. Rena looked even more lively than she did before. It was like she was almost shining."How about we enjoy my de- Sam's delicious dumplings and introduce ourselves again?", Nica said, Rena giggling quietly.
"Keepin' it a secret, ey?", she chimed loudly, earning both confused and embarrassed looks.Nica ignored her, introducing herself again before opening the box of dumplings. The rest of the girls followed suit, devouring my snacks afterwards until we arrived at our newest member."I'm Rena Tennille. Upcomin' fashion model and… plant? I guess? Turned 18 a couple days ago, and my girlfriend's DE made me a lil’ more... wriggly. I'm hopin’ we can all get along!", she said, her writhing mass of tentacles forming a makeshift salute.Her boundless optimism was contagious, but it was not difficult to hear her hesitation breaking through here and there.“I’m happy that you could join us, Rena. With introductions out of the way, would you mind going first? What’s been on your mind since your transformation?”"Okey Dokey. Uh… The new me is a bit more… aggressive, ya know? I'm worried 'bout my sweet Jackie. Don't wanna do anything to hurt 'er.", she explained with a somewhat sullen tone."Jackie is a succubus, Rena. While it is good that you are concerned about her, don't forget that she shouldn’t have really much issue dealing with your… needs. I assume that she usually led in the bedroom?"Nica's attitude forced a blush from Anna, Sierra, and me as we listened intently."Y-Yeah… but I fear I’ll take all her time away. I didn’t let her outta bed for most of da last two days. She started walkin’ funny, too.”Definitely too much information, but I nodded in understanding. It must be hard on both of them.“I'm not used ta be the one givin' ya know? More of the receiving kind, I guess. Wow, that's embarrassin' ta say out loud..."Nica flashed an inconspicuous but knowing smile, making me sink into the chair a little.“I can’t keep my hands… tentacles off her sometimes, and it drives me nuts! I just wanna let her enjoy my new body. She had this wonderful smile on her face that one time, heart eyes n’ all. Oh, the adorable sounds she made~”Rena shook her head a little when she seemed to realize what she was doing as she almost got lost in her thoughts.“Before, I loved the way she used to hold me at night, the things she would do… It hasn’t been that long, but now, whenever I see ‘er, I just get tha urge to wrap her up and… A part of me wishes we coulda’ gon’ back to the way things were.”, Rena said as she slumped a little in her chair.“Don’t focus on the past, Rena. As blunt as it may sound, this is the ‘new you.’ You should make the best of it. I think Jacqueline does, and I know in my heart that she loves you like this just as much as she did before. Obviously, making your partner feel good is not the only thing in a relationship. You want her to embrace you too. I think a lot of, if not all, lovers can relate, and there’s nothing wrong with that. Just talk to her, Rena. I’m sure she’ll be more than happy to indulge in whatever… activities you wish to do. Your transformation seems to have turned the tables so to speak, right?““Er… Somethin’ like that. I… I just wanna make her happy. I’m worried ‘bout going too far, doin’ too much. I kept her from goin’ to school yesterday. She was gettin’ ready, and when I saw her just in her skirt… It’s kind of a blur after that. She said it was fine, but I can’t help but feel guilty.”“Tentacles are a very dominant species by nature, and both you and your sweetheart have to work together to accommodate it. You will need some discipline to keep your desires in check, and I’m sure Jackie would happily help you with that. Always think about what you two need and want to do today, and make sure you two have enough time left to do so. This isn’t just a mamono problem, just a little worse for some of us. Desire and self-control are universal. I think that is something everyone should know, honestly. There’s nothing wrong with you both indulging in your love together. You don’t have to stop, obviously. Just show a little restraint. The payoff will be so worth it.”“It definitely is...”, I mumbled absentmindedly.My face turned red like a tomato as I realized what I just said, and Rena's wide grin told me that I was way too loud. The others looked at me with a confused expression."Got yourself a boyfriend already?", Mel stated bluntly, making me twitch. Was she jealous or something?I snuck a peak at Nica, who nodded assuringly. I swallowed heavily before answering."I-I didn't. I found someone better.", I stuttered with a proud smile.Leaving them hanging just a little longer, I started fishing my phone out of my bag. I felt the need to show my progress, not just talk about it."What are you talking about? I really want to know now."“Dear, you’re taking too long. Why don’t just tell them?”“One moment, Nica.”“Dear?!”“Nica?!”The girls were a little lost, much to Rena’s amusement. My grip tightened on my phone as I felt Nica’s tail coil around me.“Time’s up~”, she cooed, pulling me in for a deep, loving kiss that was followed by multiple surprised gasps.“Sorry! I just can’t hold myself back when she is so cute like this!”My cheeks hot from her sudden affection, I gave her a gentle hug before sitting back down.“Sammy is mine now~”, Nica chimed happily before returning to her place.“Congratulations!”, Anna yipped excitedly, her tail wagging back and forth behind her.The other girls were about to say something too, but Nica went with the flow to continue the discussion.“Sammy here... I am allowed to say this, honey?”I nodded silently, calming myself by scarfing down a dumpling.“She is like you. Love goes both ways. Just because you're more dominant in the bedroom doesn't mean that Jackie would ever stop pleasing you. That probably hasn’t even crossed her mind. Talk to her, and you’ll see. She is a succubus after all~”“T-Thanks, Veronica. That makes me feel a lot better. Maybe ya can give me sum’ tips afterwards?”
“Sure thing, Rena. I’m always open to my patients. But for now, why don’t you girls tell us how the last week went. Anna?”“Nothing worth sharing I think. I’m sure what you guys have been up to has been more interesting.”Mel decided to give her opinion like usual.“Oh, come on! I doubt you're that boring. You can’t just sit at home all day, read a book, and organize your library like a stereotypical anubis.”This earned her quick jabs to the sides from her sisters. Anna scratched the back of her head.“Work is going alright. My coworkers have been pretty understanding since my transformation, making sure not to be too loud for instance. My company hired someone to work with me since our boss has been more absent recently. He’s been pretty nice…”“Don’t leave us hanging, girl. There's gotta be more to that than what you’re letting on.”, Rena piped up.“Umm… He’s been really sweet and helpful. I've never seen such a good work ethic before. He asks me if I need anything whenever he passes by, how I’m doing, stuff like that. He comes to work early and stays late sometimes. He’ll work himself to death at this rate, I fear. He even covered for me when I was late to work the other day. All things considered, he’s been a perfect gentleman…”“What’s the problem then?”, Nica saidAnna could only look straight down in shame.“I can barely talk to him… Whenever he speaks to me, I just lock up and stutter. I can barely get my point across. It makes it hard to work with him, to be honest. It was hard just to send an email to him. It didn’t help that his desk isn’t far from mine either. I’m worried that he thinks that I may not like him at all.”“So you’re crushing pretty hard on the new guy, huh?”Mel’s sisters didn’t bother this time, resigning themselves to each give her a sideways glare.“Y-Yes, absolutely, and I have no idea what to do. I’m up for a promotion soon, something I’ve really wanted for a while now, but it’s hard to focus with him around. It was hard to count how many errors were in my last report after he shared his lunch with me.”Nica put a hand to her chin in thought.“What’s more important to you, right now? Your success or him?”“I-I don’t think I can decide. I've been waiting for this, but it’s hard to keep my mind off of him. Just today, he showed me some stuff he added to the project I’m in charge of along with giving me new ideas, things that hadn't even crossed my mind. I had to keep my tail from wagging, and I think I could have died from embarrassment if he saw.”“You just have to be confident in yourself, Anna. They wouldn’t give you this opportunity if you weren't good at what you do. Don’t waste it.”“S-So I should try and ignore him?”“No, no at all. That’s the opposite of what you should do. Tell me. If you get promoted, would that make you his superior?”Anna nodded as Nica smirked.“If that happened, wouldn’t you two have to spend more time together?”Anna nodded again while starting to blush furiously.“Then, focus on that. He obviously likes you enough as a coworker and probably a friend if he’s willing to do this much for you already. It is a bit blunt, but you just have to do it. What are you worried about anyway? There is a good chance he likes you back as well.”“It’s hard to express myself is all… If I see him smile even, my heart just starts beating faster and my body heats up. I don't know what it is. I just can’t help it.”“Oh, the joy of being in love~”I caught a Nica’s smile, as she glanced at me.“Just trust yourself for once. Throw caution to the wind. I doubt there’s much you could do that would make him dislike you. Work with him. Get to know him. You said he was helping you, didn’t you? Use that. Think about it. What’s better than a career and being in a loving relationship? You’ll do just fine, Anna. I know it.”Anna was left speechless. My mind flashed back to mine and Nica’s time at that cafe, where our relationship really began, so I decided to throw in my two cents.“I have to agree. You can’t just let this pass you by. Is there anywhere you want to go with him, anywhere at all?”
“I started going to a karaoke place pretty often since our last get together. They have pretty good food there as well. I was thinking about inviting him after work one day, but I can hardly perish the thought on actually going through with it.”“Why not? It sounds like a great idea. You like singing, don’t you? Show him your skills. Have a good time. I think you’ll both love it.”Anna sat deep in thought for a moment before her ears perked up.“Thank you, everyone. Your encouragement means a lot, and I’ll consider it. Especially you, Veronica. These earplugs work wonders, but I don’t use them that often anymore since they get in the way now more than anything.”“Not a problem, dear. It’s what we are here for.”, Nica said, her voice optimistic.I remembered Nica’s suggestion to go to karaoke sometime, and I desired to hear more of her wonderful voice. A small, annoying feeling spread through my heart at listening to Anna. Why didn’t I think of that sooner? 
Nadja was next, literally buzzing in excitement to the point where she almost lifted off the ground.“Everything's been pretty good. It’s been three days since I finally was able block out some of the less favorable scents around me. New ones meet me at every corner. My store’s been getting more business too. I smell something wonderful coming from you two! It’s sweet for sure, but it’s also kinda fruity? Candy, perhaps? It’s really hard to put into words… Could it be that actual love has its own scent?”, she asked with a genuinely knowledge hungry gaze.Nica let out a surprised snort as Rena started laughing heartily. She stuck out her tongue with a wink before answering.“Yeah, the scent of love’ is wonderful ain’t it? I can smell it too!”My face flushed in embarrassment, unable to even try to speak up. Nica covered her mouth with a quiet chuckle, her cheek’s tinted lightly. None of us really wanted to tell her, and I was pretty sure we should keep it that way. Once she finished, Mel went next. Her chitinous carapace was polished to a mirror sheen, entirely spotless.“These wipes are the work of Eros! I’m really happy that they work so well. I really need to know, Veronica. Where did you get them? I need more!”“To tell you the truth, Mel, those were just regular wipes. They sell ones just like them down the street. I think you need to be careful about overdoing it.”To say Mel was giving Nica ‘a look’ could be considered an understatement.“What do you mean, overdoing it? I just want to be clean!”“Mel, devil bugs aren’t inherently dirty or filthy by any means. With a regular lifestyle, they basically have the same hygiene as most other people. Some just choose to live that way, and that’s completely up to them. Devil bug’s reputation is mainly exaggerated preconception. Look at yourself. Your carapace shines in the light, but I don’t think that much sanitization can feel good or be very healthy.”“I feel fine. I don’t see what you’re fussing about.”“You wouldn't mind me getting a second and third opinion from your sisters then?”, she says, looking at Sierra and Nadja. Nadja spoke first.“Sis has been going a little overboard since the last meeting. I’ve seen her using those wipes and washing her hands quite a bit. She takes a lot of time every day to make sure she’s basically spotless before being satisfied. Even then, she isn’t happy with it for long. She was even hesitant about hugging me the other day…. I would be a bad sister if I said I didn’t worry.”“I agree with Nadja. Mel has been rather adamant about her cleanliness as of late. I fear it’s getting in the way of her life at this point. She’s been really jumpy a lot and doesn’t like going out as much anymore either.”, says Sierra after the beelzebub.“You guys are making a big deal over nothing!I just don’t want to spread or pick up any more filth on me.”, Mel says while rubbing one of her arms.“You’re skin is dry isn’t it, Mel? It must be rather irritating. No doubt from all the cleaning you’ve done on yourself. I just don’t want to see you develop any more bad habits, Mel.”“Like what!?”“How do you see yourself, right now, Mel? Do you consider yourself clean? Are you comfortable in your own skin?”It took a couple seconds for Mel to answer.“No…”, she mumbled, defeated and dejected“It’s not what you are, Mel, that matters here. It’s who you are. You are not going to suddenly be grimy as you think you may be just from being a devil bug. You can see that, right now, can’t you? The goal of this group is for everyone here to feel happy and confident with their news forms. We all, especially your sisters, want that for you as well. You're probably even cleaner than you realize. Enzymes in a devil bug’s body fluids break down harmful substances and bacteria, so that they don’t endanger those around them. You don’t have to worry about getting someone else sick or dirty.”Mel was silent again as a tear escaped her eye.“I-I’m sorry for making you guys deal with this. I just-”She was cut off by her sisters hugging her from both sides. She quickly wrapped her arms around both of them, returning the favor.“I love you guys.”“We know sis.”“We care about you.”, Sierra finished.“If you put your mind to it, devil bugs can be one of the cleanest mamono that exist. Don’t put yourself down because of some stereotypes.”Mel nodded as her sisters returned to their seats.“How are you faring, Sierra?”, Nica asked the lean vamp mosquito sitting next to her sister.“N-Nadja has been helping me recently. I still can’t really look at it, but she offers me some of her blood once in a while. Not directly, of course. I took small sips from a cup. It tastes quite nice and sweet actually.”Nica looked rather satisfied with her progress, flashing her a wide grin.“Good. Seems like the tea has bridged the gap for long enough then. I’m glad your sister decided to take my advice as well.”“Excuse me?”“I’m sorry for deceiving you, but I neglected to tell you that your drink contained a small amount of blood in it.”My echidna waved her finger, a tiny scar across it.“Y-You did what? That wasn’t necessary.”“Are you sure? You were dangerously pale, and you definitely wouldn’t have liked the urge to take it by force, right? I really didn’t want to lie to you, but it was the easiest solution at the time. Your body depends on it now, and your health would have really suffered otherwise. I’d rather not say to what degree.”“And what was that about my sister?”“Nadja pulled me aside after our last meeting to discuss your health. Her and Mel were very concerned to say the least. I told her that she could offer you some of her blood in hopes of making you feel better. You’re all lucky to have each other, and I’m glad that you agreed.”“Is… Is that true, Nadja?”“You could barely move that morning, Sierra. We had to carry you here, remember? We couldn’t just sit by and watch you suffer. You wouldn’t even look at one of those blood bags either. We’re really sorry, but we didn’t know what else to do. You don’t hate me for that, do you?”“I can never hate my sister, Nad, especially when she’s looking out for me like this.”“I hoped that it would help you get more accustomed to the idea of drinking blood since the taste and scent would be more familiar. It also helped that your sister decided to take the initiative, so you could get it from someone you trust. Most vampires don’t like the idea of drinking random plasma at first.”, Nica continued.“T-Thanks… I guess. But please, don’t do that again!”, she quipped, taking another dumpling out of the box.Something about Nica giving herself to someone else, even just a small amount, rubbed the wrong way, and I couldn’t put my finger on it.“These are really tasty. Thank you for making them, Sam. By the way, what about you?”, the vamp mosquito stated with the snack still stuck in her mouth.Not wanting to throw Nica under the bus, I didn’t tell them everything.“T-Those sweets Nica gave me calmed me down a lot, and I can really enjoy my new body! It took me a while, but I feel like I’m okay with it now… Mostly.”“Mostly?”, Rena interjected with a raised eyebrow.“Well… uh… there are a few things that come with being a woman that I don’t quite understand. Nica helps me a lot though.”“I won’t pry, but ya gotta tell me how my suggestion worked out.”, she said with a lecherous grin. My body cramped up, and a blush crept into my face as her words reminded me of our fun time in the kitchen. I nervously rubbed my legs together, sweating when I suddenly noticed that I still had that vibe in me.“I… I-I will.”, I stuttered quietly, avoiding her gaze.Rena giggled while reclining in her chair, amused at my reaction.Nica continued by describing what our forms are capable of, the changes that we might have missed. I knew already what my transformation entailed, letting my heart throb in anticipation.Soon, the meeting found its end and the sisters left together. Only Rena, Anna, Nica and I remained, getting ready to leave as well.“We should do a girls night, sometime! I would love to get ta know you guys better.” Rena chimed enthusiastically.“We could! How about karaoke?”, Anna added with raised ears.“That sounds like an excellent idea. We should ask the others if they would want to come.”“Yeah. We should. Next weekend, maybe?”They seemed to like my proposal, universally agreeing.“We have to head home now. I don’t want my princess getting cold~”“Have fun, ya two! I gotta see ma babe. It feels like I haven’t seen her in ages!”“I still have to work tomorrow, so I need to head back soon too.”“Tell Jackie I said ‘Hi,’ Rena. Good luck with your promotion, Anna. I’ll see you both later.”We turned to leave as Nica shot me a lascivious gaze. Grinning lewdly, she reached into her bra and grasped onto something.“Nica? Wha-”I was interrupted by a sudden bolt of pleasure, the toy buried inside me coming to life. Gritting my teeth, I stumbled to her side. A loud cough and giggling echoed from behind us, prompting us to look back. Anna’s face looked like a tomato, and both of her ears were folded forwards. Rena just smirked at me while trying to hold in her laughter. She just tapped her nose in confirmation. My legs buckled as shame bubbled within me. I wanted to curl up in a ball. In a fluent motion, Nica caught me in her arms, cradling me softly as we left. This would work too.“I-I’ll get you for that...”, I breathed into her ear.“Oh dear, I look forward to it~”
  
    Chapter Text
    The gentle buzz of the toy inside me was just as pleasurable as it was earlier, but the sheer embarrassment of struggling through the sensations on the open streets made it a torture. Nica’s glowing smile made it all so worth it, however. Her tail kept gently massaging my lower back as if to apologize for the stimulation. I wasn’t mad at her, and the feeling was so… liberating. I almost didn’t want to wait anymore. I honestly wished we could do even more, but I couldn’t bring myself to ask her to dial up the toy, not here. For now, I really needed a breather, or I would start moaning. As much as I liked her watching me squirm in pleasure, I couldn’t hold out much longer. I forced myself into a smug grin, passionately rubbing her shoulder.“N-Nica?”, I panted softly into her ear.“C-Can you t-turn it off? I… I don’t want to ruin my p-pants.”I shuffled nervously, pressing my thighs together to stifle my rising libido.“Oh! I’m sorry dear! I didn’t know I overdid it!”, she exclaimed, turning off the toy with a tweak of her fingers.“No… It was fine. I just want to… have some fun later, instead~”I bit my lip, my large green eyes reflecting in her wonderful golden ones.“Ohh… Of course dear. I’ll take that as a promise.”, she giggled with barely contained excitement.“S-Sure, Nica. I’ll make sure to keep it.”We continued our long trip back to her home when a familiar sound rang in my ears. The even clapping of hooves approached from behind, and I immediately froze. No. Not now. Not her. I looked over to Nica, fearing the worst. My stomach twisted as I saw slender fingers reaching out to her from behind.“Hello cutie! Would you be- *hic* be up for some fun?~”We turned around, a questioning expression on Nica’s face. Before us stood a large woman wearing a sleek, black dress. Her silver hair shimmered in the moonlight, accentuated by the dark red horns adorning her head. Four hooved feet held her swaying form upright, and she was clearly drunk. My jaw started to hurt as I grinded my teeth together in utter anxiety. Why her? Why now? Did she come to take the only family I had left?The voluptuous bicorn stood there, a lecherous expression on her face that made me sick.“Excuse me?”, Nica inquired with a raised eyebrow.“You look so sweet, and I thought maybe you would like to have some fun *hic* with me and my friends.”“What do you-”, I started to shout, before she cut me off with one finger.“Girly, can’t you see that *hic* adults are talking? Why don’t you go play with *hic* your dolls or something.”, she slurred with an annoyed expression.Of course she wouldn’t recognize me.“Back to you, sweetheart~ What do you think?”I was seething with rage as she tried to grasp her hand. She tried to get closer, but I swatted her hand away from Nica. I won’t let her touch her. Not in a million years.“Hands off MY woman!”, I shouted loudly.“Now listen here you little bi-”, she stumbled backwards as Nica’s snakes emerged from her hair.Their jaws were wide open, the fangs dripping with a clear fluid.“Don’t you even dare finish that sentence.”, she hissed, towering over the bicorn.“S-Sorry, darling. Didn’t know you *hic* had a daughter… In case you two change your mind, you’ll find me *hic* here.”She held out a piece of paper that one of her snakes snapped out of her fingers. My body was stiff and unresponsive until she finally disappeared out of our sight.“What was that? Daughter? Was she even listening to you?”I sighed heavily, letting my shoulder droop down.“She never did… Nica? Could we take a detour before we head home?”“S-Sure… What’s the problem?”I pointed at the piece of paper in the jaws of one of her intimidating friends. She took a look at the address, and her eyes widened.“My parents are home.”
We stood in front of the apartment, my heart beating out of my chest. How do I do this? What would they say? What would they do? I shivered slightly, earning me a pat on the back from Nica.“Don’t worry, Sammy. I’ll be here for you. You got this! Don’t be afraid to lean on me.”Smiling at her, I gave her a kiss. She knew exactly what to say, and I loved her even more for it. I unlocked the door, carefully heading inside. I heard their voices from the hallway, and I was incredibly tense because of it. Nica towered protectively over me, shielding me with her powerful body. Swallowing heavily, I pointed towards the doorway that led into the living room. She led the way, slowly pushing open the door. The bicorn sat down on her legs, a tray of drinks resting on her back. Sitting next to her was my father. A tall and broad man with shoulder-long brown hair. My mom had turned into a succubus long ago, her low-cut dress struggling to keep her massive ‘assets’ inside their confines. They were laughing and drinking like always. The tall echidna in the door quickly drew their attention. Yipping excitedly, the bicorn jumped on her feet, smashing a couple of glasses in the process.“Sweetheart! I knew you would *hic* come! How did you get in here though?”She trotted over to her, immediately going in for a hug. Nica’s tail pushed her away with force, making her stumble back.“I’m not here for you, Annalise. I’m not some cheap whore like you.”, Nica snorted in contempt.“Wait… How do you know *hic* my name?”I emerged from behind my imposing girlfriend, my hand resting on her muscular tail.“That would be because of me, Annalise. Now, back off.”The three looked at me in confusion until my mother gasped in shock.“Samuel? Hon? ...Is that you?”My father shot her a questioning glare before turning back to us.“It’s Samantha now, mother.”, I stated dryly.I had given up on calling her mom a long while ago, and she never noticed.“What? Who?”, Annalise scratched her head.“Don’t tell me you don’t remember the person you tore his family from!”, I shouted with unbridled fury, startling even Nica with my outburst. I could feel one of her hands on my shoulder.My father was speechless, taking a couple of moments to collect himself.“Samuel-”“Samuel is dead, father.”, I interjected“What the fuck, son? I raised you to be a man of the house! Not some questionable harlot!”“Man of the house?! I’m not a slut like… your wife. You raised me to be your FUCKING MAID! I could have turned into a roomba, and you wouldn’t care as long as I kept your house clean and you can get your dick wet! I’m sick and tired of this shit. I’m my own person now and I finally got the chance to live my own life.”“Son, I-”“I'm not your son anymore, not since you stopped being my parents!”, I yelled out of the top of my lungs, barely able to keep myself from screaming.“You never cared about me. I was convenient for you. Do you know how often I had to clean up after your little ‘parties’ here? You know what? Why don’t you go hire a proper maid? I won’t be staying here, anyway. I found myself a new home, a better life.”“Are you even listening to the nonsense you are spouting?”, my father retorted with a pained expression.“We’re your family, the only thing you have! Where would you even live? Don’t tell me you’re selling you-”“How could family accuse somebody of something despicable like that?”, Nica interjected with a frown.“You must be the girl that Annalise was talking about. This has nothing to do with you. We can talk later in the bed-”“You accuse me of being a prostitute and try to get into the pants of my girlfriend?! Wow, father. You stooped even lower than I thought you would. Grow up, for fucks sake! I feel like I was the only one who did.”My parents were utterly speechless. Mother was looking like she could break out in tears at any moment. Annalise smiled at me with that wicked grin that I hated oh so much while pointing at the mess on the ground.“Why don’t you clean this up, so I can have a word with that ‘girlfriend’ of yours? You’re so gung-ho, Sammy. I think you need some dick. Should I call in some fav-”I didn’t let her finish, giving her a quick backhand slap.“Neither Nica nor I are anything like you, Annalise. Why don’t you go fuck yourself for once?”She sat down, clutching her face in stunned silence. My own hand hurts now, but hopefully that would get the message across.“I hope you had fun ruining my family. Congratulations, you succeeded. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I want to get back to spending my time with someone who actually cares about and loves me.”I pulled the stunned Nica by her arm, leading her out of the apartment. I felt miserable. I never had blown up like that before, but it was oddly freeing. Tears welling up in my eyes, I firmly wrapped my hands around my wonderful girlfriend. My port in the heaviest of storms, my lover.
I cried into her chest for minutes as she carried me through the deserted streets of the now silent city. Slowly but surely, my mind became clear once more, and I kissed her over and over again.“Thank you, Nica. Thank you so much for being with me. You are my everything, and nothing will ever change that.”She gently stroked my hair, raising me up until we were face to face.“Dear, I love you with all of my heart, and I will be here as long as you need me, whenever you need me.”“I love you too, Nica.”, I replied, going for a passionate kiss.Locking our lips in a passionate dance, Nica stopped in her tracks. The city, the street, my worries, and my fears were all drowned out by her unwavering love. My body tingled all over, floating in a sea of warmth and tenderness. She was everything I would ever need. After what felt like hours, our lips finally parted, faces flushed with a mixture of desire and affection. With a wide grin, she pulled me up into a princess carry and continued on.
“Let’s head home, dear. You need some rest.”, she cooed softly into my ear, making me shudder.“N-No, Nica. I don’t need rest.”“Really? Something else then? I’ll do whatever is necessary to make you happy.”My mind raced, fighting with that lingering gut-feeling of aversion. I loved her, and she loved me. I wanted to be together with her, forever. Wanted to be close to her. Wanted to be…Could I? Could I take that final step? To embrace everything she was? Should I throw caution to the wind, drowning both of us in sweet bliss? She wanted me. I saw it in her eyes whenever we were together. She held herself back out of consideration. Out of fear she would push me too far. I knew that. I don’t want her to feel that way anymore. I want her to be as free as she made me. Love is a two-way street, a give and take. She had given me her love over and over again while I gratefully took it in. But now, after I left behind everything that had been weighing me down, I felt courageous. She was everything I could ever need, and she deserved this. Now it was her time to take… and my turn to give. I wanted to give her my everything, my very being, my love and my body. In turn, she would soon take from me, what I wanted to give her all along. I was afraid. I was hesitant, but I was sure that it would be alright.“Nica?”“Yes, dear?”, she answered with a warm smile.“I know what I need, and I want it as soon as we get home.”“What is it, my sweet princess?”I struggled for a moment, lost in her deep, golden eyes, before I strengthened my resolve.“You~”
  
    Chapter Text
    I was giddy like a schoolgirl as Nica closed in on our home. I showered her in kisses as she carried me all the way back with a wide smile on her face. I couldn’t get enough of her, forcing the worries out of my head.
Her arm hooked under my legs, holding me upright, as she rummaged in her voluptuous cleavage with the other until she produced her keys. With a satisfying click, the door to our den sprung open. She slithered inside, closing the door with her tail while heading for the living room. She gently lowered me onto the couch, the love in her eyes warming my soul. Just being near her calmed me down so much.
“How about we head for a shower together and then we head to bed for the night?”, she asked
Sheepishly, unbuttoning her clothes.
We quickly shed our unnecessary garbs, embracing each other in the way only lovers could do.
“Why don’t you get the water running, Nica? I’ll be there in just a moment~”
“Sure thing, my princess, but don’t leave me waiting, alright?”
I nodded enthusiastically, watching her backside until she left the room. With a lascivious grin, I searched her discarded clothes for a peculiar item she had stashed away. Holding it in my hand, I giggled to myself. This was going to be fun.
Following her into the bathroom, I traced the emerald green trail of scales along my girlfriend's tail to her breathtaking form. She was holding her hand into the flowing water, waiting for it to heat. I playfully slapped her exposed rear, causing her to yelp before I headed inside. The water was relaxing, pearling down my bare skin. I looked over my shoulder, delighting in Nica’s flustered expression. Cupping my chest with one arm, I waved her in with a wink.
“Come in already! The water is warm, and I crave your touch~”
She was a little stunned by my suggestiveness but she quickly agreed, slithering around me.
Inconspicuously placing the remote on a small metal shelf, I picked up a large bottle of shampoo.
“Here. Just relax.”, I cooed, generously applying the cool liquid all over her chest.
She shivered at the sensation as I began to tenderly massage her chest. She panted and gasped with every touch, and I quickly felt her harden against my stomach.
“Do you like that, Nica? Am I doing a good job?”
“Y-Yes, honey. I-It’s wonderful.”, she moaned sensually.
I trailed my hands down her waist, rubbing my hands all over her with religious fervor. Holding in her pleasure, she coated her hands in shampoo and slowly massaged my scalp with her slender fingers. We meticulously washed each other with both love and lust on our minds.
My hands rubbed down her muscular tail, up her back, and between her towering members. She caressed my calves, my budding breasts, and my face in return, filling my head with sweet bliss.
“Nica? I got a present for you. Would you close your eyes?”
“Sure, sweetie, what is it?”
“That would ruin the surprise. Now, open your mouth. And no peeking!”
She complied, letting her split tongue loll out between her luscious lips and shutting her eyes. She didn’t look, even as I started moaning softly into her ear. Reaching down, I gently parted my folds until I got a grip on the toy. It was absolutely soaked in my love, and I was sure she would savor it. With a love-drunk grin I slipped it inside her mouth, letting her mewl in surprise. I pulled myself towards her, following up with a sensual kiss. Our tongues intertwined in a lewd game of keep away, rolling the toy around to get a grasp on each other. We exchanged moans and whimpers with every moment, savoring the taste together. I felt the high winding down, so I grasped for the remote and turned it on. The buzzing made me lightheaded, but I still continued my assault on her. A throaty giggle escaped Nica’s throat, and I felt the toy travelling forward. Our game quickly turned into a tantalizing, reverse tug of war, trying desperately to push the vibe into each other’s mouth. It was an incredible experience, I buckled and quivered under the pressure, the love and the tongue of my wonderful girlfriend as she slowly won, carrying the egg onto my tongue. I hesitantly parted from her lips, mine tightly closed around the raging toy within me. Deeply gazing into her eyes, I turned off the toy. I began pulling it out agonizingly slow, so she could savor the spectacle. I took great care in not breaking eye contact, and soon the little egg popped out of my mouth. I held it between us, my voice choked but full of longing.
“Y-You win~”
She was hard as a rock, her gargantuan shafts rubbing past my stomach on both sides. Her eyes were wild with lust, but there was also something else in there. Was it… concern? She ruffled my hair, turning off the shower.
“T-That was so… wonderful, dear. You are so full of surprises, and I love it. Let us dry off and head to bed. We have all night~”, she said with barely contained arousal, her tail tip whipping back and forth.
“Yes… Yes we do.”, I replied in a haze.
After gently drying each other off, we headed to her bedroom standing in front of our comfy and inviting bed. I couldn’t wait, but Nica was hesitant.
“Dear?”
“Yeah, Nica? What is it?”
She swallowed with a worried expression.
“I have never seen you that... aggressive before. Are you alright, Sammy? You know you can always talk to me.”
Her words hit me like a sledgehammer, the ugly thoughts I had buried under my libido resurfacing.
“I-I’m just a little more excited than usual.”
Nica quickly closed the distance, bringing her face close and cupping mine with her hands.
“Please, tell me what weighs on your mind. Whatever it is, I will help you with it. You are my one and only, and I can't stand seeing you like this."
“I… I… Do you know what my g-greatest fear was when I first came to your office?”
“There are many things that newly monsterized women fear. Regardless of what it is, I am with you, Sammy. You are not alone. I love you.”
“I love you too, but it’s not that easy. Oh, by Eros, I feel so stupid saying this.”
“What is it, dear? I can’t help you if you don’t talk to me.”, she whined softly, her caring gaze laying on me.
“Y-You know… I… I came to you because I was afraid to do what succubi are known for. I-I couldn’t stand the thought of being with a man. It repulsed me to no end, but I dreaded the prospect of having to accept it, accepting what I had to be...”
Tears welled up in my eyes, slowly dripping down my cheeks.
“You were there for me. You love me, and you give me strength. I’m not sure what I would have done without you.”
She began to stutter with a sorrowful look on her face.
“So, are y-you just afraid of being with a m-man, or are you scared of… of this?”, she pointed down at her throbbing members with a pained expression.
I was almost heartbroken at the allusion she made. I swallowed heavily, giving her a warm smile.
“I-I was at first, y-yes. But now...”
I paused for a moment, wrapping my hands tightly around her stiff rods until she gasped.
“N-Now, I love them. I love you. You helped me through all my troubles, and you didn’t get anything in return. I-It isn’t fair.”, I pouted.
She exhaled slowly, her eyes shining in the dim light of the bedroom.
“I love you too, my princess. I did get everything I ever wanted, Sammy. I have a friend to confide in. I have a lover to hold. I have you... No matter what you think, you will always be more than enough~”
“I-I’m not sure, Nica… You deserve so much more. I- How can I-”
“Hush, dear. Don’t think like that. Don’t push yourself, and just enjoy what we have instead. You are everything I’ll ever need, Sammy. Love is not about give and take. I’m happy as long as we are together, and I hope you will be too.”
Tears streamed down my face in a torrent of emotions. Relief, anxiety, love, joy and lust broiled within me, and I was finally able to let it all out. She truly loved me, and that was all that matters.
“Nica, would you grant me a wish?”, I asked hesitantly.
Her warm smile soothed all the bad feelings within me, leaving only affection behind.
“What is it, darling? If I can do it, I will.”
I stretched out my arms, my petite form displayed in front of her.
“Would you pick me up? Hold me?”
She was surprised but delighted at the prospect.
“Of course, darling!”
She swept me off my feet, pressing her chest into mine. Her heat spread over my body as I wrapped my legs around her hips, her hot and twitching poles pressed tightly against my stomach. I went in for a kiss, full of passion, full of love. This was it, and I had no hesitation left holding me back. She was perfect. Parting our lips, I suddenly leaned backwards. The sudden shift in weight made Nica lose her balance, and we fell onto the mattress. I grinned at her, my heart fluttering as I was pinned beneath her.
“Sammy? What-”
“I have one more wish, Nica. Will you make your girlfriend happy?”
She nodded silently, unable to even formulate an answer. I pulled her closer until our heads rested next to each other. I playfully bit her earlobe, tickling her with gentle affections and whispering into her ear with the most seductive tone I could manage.
“Take me~”
She laid on top of me, completely at a loss for words. I stared into her shining eyes, waiting for her response.
“A-Are you sure, Sammy? I mean you… you said that...”
“I love you, Nica. I want you to be the one, to be the only. I made up my mind. I’m not afraid of you or your size. So please, let go of your fear too, and let's make this a night worth remembering~”
I squeezed her with my legs, pulling her even closer to me before loosening my grip again.
She breathed heavily, barely able to keep herself composed. No turning back now. She leaned back above me, her towering members shifting in the dim moonlight that shone through the window. Slowly, overthinking every move, she aligned one of her shafts with my soaking wet womanhood. I bit my lip in anticipation, motioning her to continue. Steadily, bit by bit, her tool parted my entrance. We moaned in mind-numbing ecstasy as she slowly pushed the tip inside.  My walls contracted and massaged her, unwilling to ever let her go again. The very end of her trembling rod rested on my purity, stretching my folds apart. I took a deep breath, bracing myself for what was to come.
“I-I didn’t think I would fit in-”, Nica began stuttering, clearly doubting herself.
I wrapped my arms around her, burying my face in her cleavage. She moaned and gasped, slowly calming back down while I greedily suckled on her nipples. She was too cautious, too hesitant.
“Nica… Please, kiss me.”, I whispered, motioning her to lean down towards me.
As soon as I locked my lips on hers, I closed my eyes and relaxed as much as I could. Taking all my courage, I flexed my legs and slammed her hips into me. I screamed into her mouth, overcome by both pleasure and pain as my womanhood swallowed her member. About a third of her tremendous shaft was lodged deeply inside me. Her face was panicked, staring in shock as tears formed in my eyes.
“Sammy! Eros, let me pull ou-”
I locked my legs tightly around her hips, gritting my teeth.
“N-No, Nica. J-Just like t-this. Stay...”, I groaned, my eyes rolling back into my head. I could feel my womanhood struggling to contain her, but that didn’t matter. We were one now. True lovers. The pain I felt was nothing compared to the joy and bliss I floated in. I breathed heavily, Nica eyed me with a wary expression until I regained my composure. I glanced down my body, seeing her girth entering my small body. It should feel painful, torturous even, but I didn’t feel as uncomfortable as I initially feared... The pain still throbbing in my groin was not of her size, and that gave me peace of mind. Once it had subsided, we could enjoy ourselves… She could enjoy me… The very thought made my womb convulse, drawing loud moans out of my girlfriend.
“R-Ready?”, I panted between labored breaths.
“R...Ready for what?”
The pain had subsided, replaced by the warm feeling of her massive rod lodged inside me.
“I-I’m ready for y-you now, Nica. P-Please start moving but slowly, please.”
“Are you sure?”
I sighed heavily. I needed it, and I would get it. I moaned loudly, holding her head in my hands. My eyes pierced hers, showing her the endless lust just beneath the surface.
“Fuck me, Nica. Take me.”, I whispered, love and lust in every word.
That did it. With a grunt, she slid backwards, leaving me nearly empty and wanting once more. She gave me a passionate kiss before parting me once again. One. Two. Three. With every thrust, her massive chest slowly swung over my face like a mesmerizing pendulum. Occasionally, she pulled all the way out to reach for a kiss, just to fill me again shortly after. I started going numb from the never ending bliss, my vision fading to white over and over. With every thrust, she dug deeper, burying her burning hot shaft inside me. I quickly came to a climax, unfamiliar with this wonderful sensation, but Nica was far from done. I spasmed and twitched under her weight, holding onto her for dear life. Happy that I managed to flip her switch, I wrapped my arms around her, caressing her back as she pounded me sensually. Mouth hanging open and drooling, I drowned in the hedonistic euphoria of receiving my lover. I felt a warm sensation, and I soon realized that she was already leaking inside me. The feeling of her nectar lubricating my deepest depths was perfect, wonderful. However, it only made me crave the real deal. I couldn’t get enough, and neither could she. Nica literally poured all her effort inside me, panting and heaving above me. I was afraid she would wear herself out at that rate, and I wanted so much more.
“N-Nica...”, I huffed meekly, cupping her face with my fingers.
“Can… Can I be… on top now?”
Her face lit up, grinning widely.
“Sure, my precious princess. Let me roll over.”
Leaning her weight to the side, she rolled onto her back until I rested on her pelvis. She smiled up at me.
“I can’t let you do all the work. My turn~”, I cooed, raising my hips above her.
I choose to switch to her neglected shaft. I was sure that Nica wouldn’t mind. Slowly, I lowered myself onto her rod, impaling myself on her until half of her girth vanished inside me. We whined and moaned in unison, shivers running down my spine. I took a moment to catch my breath, and I already felt her meekly thrusting up inside me. She was insatiable, and I loved it. I braced myself on her hips, pulling myself up from her before my numb legs gave out. With a wet thud, her tool hit home. The sudden insertion knocked the air out of my lungs, but unreal pleasure soon followed. I tried again, succeeding in lowering myself back into her lap. I soon got into a rhythm, bouncing myself on her lap as she pushed up inside me, her groans growing louder and more laboured by the second. My legs buckled again as she continued to thrust up into me. Looking down, I could see the faint outline of her member in my belly. Caressing it with one hand brought it to Nica’s attention as well, only seeming to motivate her more. It was a mesmerizing sight as she reached the deepest parts of me. Only her words ripped me out of my haze.
“S-Sammy! I won’t… I won’t be able to… hold out much longer!”, she yelled pleadingly.
“Then give it to me!”
“B-But...”
“No buts! Fill me!”, I grunted, her powerful tail wrapping around my hip and pushing me as deep as it would go, forcing a tired, long moan from my mouth.
She howled loudly as I stroked her second member with both hands. I braced myself for the finale, clenching my walls and firmly securing her member. I felt her twitching inside me. It shuddered once, then twice. I screamed in ecstasy as torrents of her virile semen flooded my womb. Overwhelmed by the sensation, I forgot about her second tool. Throbbing in my hands, it burst too and covered me completely, inside and out. I could feel her semen fill me, bloating my stomach until the rest streamed almost endlessly from my entrance. I smiled down at her, slumping onto her stomach when the world suddenly fell dark. I was still conscious, but I felt… different. Stronger, livelier, heavier? I savored the moment, her girth receding and slowly sliding out of me. I felt a stream of her love flowing down my legs with nowhere else to go. I reveled in the silence, listening to Nica’s pounding heartbeat as we came down from our high. She cooed and caressed my back, whispering sweet nothings as we drifted to sleep.
(Thanks to Nonanni for the artwork <3 [Warning, NSFW] https://twitter.com/nonanni_art/status/1350176750676934660)
I awoke from a gentle tickling sensation on my nose. Groggily opening my eyes, I found myself face to face with a white snake, affectionately flicking its forked tongue against my cheek. I heard Nica giggle above me.
“Good morning, my princess. I hope you had a good sleep?”
“Yes, I did. It was amazing~”
I was draped in a large, black blanket, still laying on top of my girlfriend.
“I… I really like your new look, Sammy.”, she cooed.
“Huh? What do you mean?”
She giggled, holding her hand in front of her face.
“Most alps struggle to fly, but I don’t think you will have an issue. Your transformation is complete, dear.”, she grinned, patting my head.
My transformation? Confused, I pushed myself upright. I felt heavier, but it wasn’t from Nica’s love alone. I looked down to see that my chest had increased in size considerably. I trailed my hands down my body, the scent of Nica’s essence still clinging to me. I had become a lot more curvy overnight, my hips wider and more pronounced. The blanket pulled back as I stretched, prompting Nica to look past me. I followed her gaze and froze. They were wings, my wings, large and powerful, folded neatly behind my back. I turned back to Nica with a questioning expression.
“You didn’t have enough spirit energy for the transformation before, honey. Now, that I gave you the rest, you channeled all of it into your wings alone. You look gorgeous, my princess~”
I tried to spread them slowly, realizing that they were about as wide as I was tall. I really hoped they wouldn’t get in the way, but they looked truly magnificent. I smiled at her, wrapping both my wings and my arms around her.
“Thank you, Nica. For accepting everything about me. For loving me. Everything. You can’t imagine how much you mean to me.”
“That’s what lovers do, right? I love you, Sammy, and I always will.”
I squeezed her tightly.
“I love you too.”
I buried myself in Nica’s chest again, wrapping my wings protectively around the both of us. My life had truly begun last night, and I would live it to the fullest with her by my side.
  
    Chapter Text
    “Hey, dear. Don’t you have to head to school soon?”I laid on Nica’s chest, tracing my finger along her collarbone.“Umm… I don’t think I can leave today, Nica. I guess I’ll have to call in sick again.”“And why would that be, darling?”I pushed myself up until I straddled her midriff, presenting my now decent chest and lightly flapping my new wings.“Do you think I’d still fit in my clothes, silly?~ We’ll have to order some this time.”, I whispered, gently massaging her belly.She shot me a lusty grin, before firmly grasping my, now quite plush behind.“Clothing is overrated, dear. I prefer you like this.”, she cooed, making us both giggle.I relaxed again, lowering myself onto her chest. I took in the scent of my wonderful girlfriend, listening to her steady heartbeat. We had done it. I had given her everything without a single regret. I gently rubbed the head of one of her snakes, it hissing in content as the other one joined in to receive my affection too.“Do they have names, Nica?”“They are part of me, dear.”, Nica chuckled, patting my head.“Still… How about Ava and Ophelia?”, I inquired while looking up at her.“Those are some quite specific names, my princess. Why those?”I had a goofy grin on my face, blushing at the hilarity.“It might be a little corny but… A and O, Alfa kai Oméga. You were the start of my own life, and I pray we will stay together through all of it. You’re my world, Nica.”A single tear escaped her eyes, touched by my confession of love and my butchered attempt at greek.“Very, very corny, dear, but I love it. I adore you for it, and I never want to let go~”She hooked her arms under mine, pulling me up to her face and interlocking her hands behind me. I leaned in for a deep kiss, her tail wrapping tightly around my legs. My hands slid past her back, coming to rest on her massive bust which I promptly squeezed. She mewled inside my mouth, reveling in my sudden assault. Her tail snaked up my calves, gently rubbing across them until she reached my groin. Her tip played with my lower lips, caressing them passionately. I shuddered, not wanting to be the only one feeling that way. Steeling my resolve, I moved my tail downwards, prying her slit apart with the spaded tip. We gasped in unison as I felt her members slowly emerging with my sensitive tip stuck between them. I slipped my appendage back and forth, Nica dipping gently into me. We exchanged our pleasures, eyes rolling in bliss as we started edging each other. We had nothing to do this early in the morning, and there was no reason to rush. Her girthy tail parted my folds, cold and smooth, much unlike her smoldering rods. The cool sensation was out of this world, delivering indescribable sensations onto me. I wrapped my ebony tail around her stiff shafts, pulling them together tightly before forcing my tip in between them. It couldn’t compare to the sheer bliss she gave me, but I quickly understood the delight she had been in last night. I continued to probe her with my tongue, knowing full well that she could dominate it at any moment. Her teeth were sharp and smooth, and I was really careful when caressing them. I gently massaged her gums, tickling her sensitive flesh with the tip of my tongue and reveling in her quiet whimpers. Soon, she overpowered me, wrestling me back into my mouth. She conquered me with ease, choosing to delve even deeper. Her slender tongue slipped down my throat, caressing me from the inside as her thumbs gently stroked my throat from below. I was completely at her mercy, only able to return the favor by madly thrusting my spade between her members. When my womb quivered, her tail stopped it’s advancements inside my leaking entrance. In turn, I stopped her from covering me in her seed, loosening my grip and slowing my pace every time she tensed up. She groaned deeply, twitching at the denial of release. Feeling that this had gone on for long enough, I sped up my thrusts until I was ramming my tail as deep as it would go into her makeshift entrance. Overwhelmed by the sensations of her bountiful flesh rubbing against me, I started to gush all over her tail. I couldn’t stop now, however, desperately trying to grant her relief as well. My wings unfurled, spreading wide as the aftershocks of my climax coursed through me. Another groan escaped her lips, warning me of the imminent shower I was about to receive. Her members tensed, pressing against the confines of my tail until her essence spewed forth like a geyser, glazing my back and wings in her warm love. Riding the waves of our morning innuendo, I meekly looked around. The entire bed was soaked in both dried and fresh juices, the overwhelming musk of our sensual lovemaking covering everything. For a moment, I was disgusted at the prospect that we had slept like this, but I felt more remorse for not having received everything, for having wasted her seed on the sheets. Soon, pride swelled in my chest as I could see the pure satisfaction and happiness Nica was showing on her face. I was proud of myself to draw out so much of her seed, proud of her gifting me, and only me, with it.“What a way to start the day~”, Nica cooed, combing her fingers through my hair.“Yes, it was wonderful, but we should clean the sheets soon.”, I replied with a smile.Struggling out of our sticky haven, I took a good look at the mess we had left behind, before rolling it all up in the cover.“I’m going to make us some coffee, dear.”, Nica yawned, slithering into the kitchen.Watching her swaying backside, I almost wanted to continue, but I feared we would never be able to leave the bed again at this rate.
We enjoyed our usual naked breakfast together, heading into the bathroom afterwards. We watched each other wash ourselves, exchanging lewd gestures and promiscuous looks. My wings were quite difficult to get a hold of, and I was very grateful for Nica's assistance in washing them. They felt like they had always been there, gracefully following my every movement. I shuddered as Nica gently licked the leathery tips, another place we could have fun with in the future."There! All clean, my princess. You look so majestic that I might start calling you queen instead.", she chuckled.Dirty thoughts rushed through my mind, nudging me to trace my fingers across her pelvis."Size queen?", I whispered with a sultry smile, taking her aback."H-How lewd..."“Only for you, Nica~”She hugged me tightly, her tongue tickling my ear as we enjoyed the warm water together, soaking in its gentle flow. I pondered over last night’s antics, over our first time together. She was so comfortable to be with, soothing my soul even when she took me. I wondered how she could have possibly held back before. How I could. In a single night, she changed everything. I wanted to stay by her side forever.She teased and tickled what sensitive spots she could find on my body as she dried me off. I returned the favor, sliding the fluffy towel over her scales and taking in her scent with a happy smile.“Let’s see what we can find for you to wear, honey.”, Nica cooed with her hand wrapped around my shoulder, pulling me back into the living room.Relaxing onto the couch, Nica pulled out her laptop so we could search for new clothes on the webpage of the mall. My old ones had become way too tight to fit, not to mention that they couldn’t accommodate my wings. I’ll just donate them next time I can. They held many happy memories I had made recently, but there was no reason for me to keep them if they didn’t fit. We filled our virtual basket with half a dozen new outfits, Nica slightly surprised by my choices.“Are you sure, honey? Aren’t they… a little too revealing?”I giggled, tracing my fingers along her chin.“You gave me this wonderful body, Nica. No way in hell will I not show it off! My wings limit my modest options too.”“Fair point. Is that everything, darling?”“Sure, let me order them really quick. Would you be so kind to get me another cup of coffee? My head is still swimming a little.”, I replied, making doe eyes at my girlfriend.“Sure thing, dear. One second.”She rose from the couch, and I quickly got to work. Flipping over to the page of Sin-Sations, I added my preordered set to the shipment before sending it off. Nica would be in for a surprise.“How long is it going to take, honey?”, Nica asked with a hot cup of coffee in her hands.“It's an express shipment, Nica. It should arrive today. What should we do until then?”She scratched her chin, placing the hot beverage on the table.“I have paperwork to work through, sadly. Maybe we could play some games later? Watch a movie?”I felt bad for not thinking it through entirely. Of course she had work to do."That's fine. In the meantime, I can do what I can do best!", I exclaimed with a grin.She winked cheekily at me."But that would distract me from my work."My face flushed as I caught on, pouting at her."No. Not that! I'll see what I can do to pretty up the place.""It's pretty enough as it is, darling. Only with you in it of course~"Fuming in embarrassment, I downed my coffee and stormed into the kitchen, Nica's gentle laugh following me along the way. I loved her with all my heart, smiling at her compliment as I donned the familiar apron. I was happy to see that it fit me way better than before. I wasn't Nica's size, but my now B-sized bust was noticeable beneath the frilly fabric. 
I spent the next few hours playing the dutiful housewife, cleaning every corner of the living room meticulously until no trace of dust remained. Nica followed my every move, my exposed butt swaying beneath my powerful wings and keeping her eyes away from her laptop."Are you sure you didn't turn into a kikimora, dear? I fear I might have to move to the study.", she chimed, rising from the couch while biting her lip.She slithered past me, making me moan as she squeezed my backside. She playfully stuck out her tongue, before heading into her study, a room lined with bookshelves, a large, comfy armchair, and a coffee table in the middle. Watching her recline into it, I fought the urge to take a seat on her lap. She looked so serene and calm that I could imagine her with old fashioned glasses, reading a book in comfortable silence. I giggled at the mental image, leaning seductively against the doorframe."I’ll bring you some snacks later.", I cooed, with a cheery smile."Thank you, dear. Call me if you need anything.""Same to you."I slowly closed the door, not wanting to disturb her work much longer. Twirling in the frilly apron, I skipped into the kitchen to resume my cleaning spree. We left the place in a sorry state yesterday, but the strong scent of her essence made it worth the hassle.
The kitchen, the bathroom, the bedroom. Nothing escaped the wrath of my feather duster. I smiled gleefully, leaving her- our home spotless in my wake. I liked this. I loved this. Despite the unfortunate circumstances that made cleaning a hobby of mine, I enjoyed looking at my work afterwards. There was something rewarding in it. We lived together now, and I surely couldn't rely on my parents money anymore. Nica brought the cash home. Me? I was the house… wife? I liked the sound of that. Not a maid to serve, but someone who did it out of consideration, out of love. A warm, tingling sensation surged through my body, and I headed back into the kitchen, whistling happily. I prepared some snacks and tea for her, propping it up on a large silver tray and letting the hot beverage cool off. She was a bit of a sweet tooth, so I was confident in my choices. She had been in there for hours now, and I was sure she needed a break, but there was still something missing. Just in time, I heard the loud ring of the doorbell going off. My clothes had arrived."I'll get it!", I yelled towards Nica's hideaway before opening the door. I was slightly taken aback as I came face to face with a towering arachne standing on our doorstep."Good day, miss. I have your order here.", she said with a smile.She eyed me, and I quickly blushed as I remembered that I only wore the apron. She gave me a large bag of clothes before breaking her facade with a knowing grin. She handed me a discreet, black package with a raised eyebrow."I made this one by hand, and we even added something extra. I'm sure you will leave your significant other speechless! Have a nice day~""T-Thank you. I-I appreciate it.", I stuttered with a forced smile.She knew, and I didn't know how to feel about that. She gave me a reassuring wink and turned around.As the door clicked shut, I stared blankly at the box. Something extra? Did I even want to know? I guess I’ll have to find out. I slinked back into the bathroom, unpacking Nica's 'housewarming' gift with renewed fervor. I was certain she would love this.
Next to the lingerie was a small, silver bracelet tightly wrapped in a white net. Confused, I unfolded the fabric to find a small slip of paper attached to it.“Have fun, sweetie. Here’s a little gift for you. Rena recommended it. Try it on~” - JaquelineThe paper was stuck in a small clip, opening the bracelet and completely unfolding the long, interwoven strings dangling from it. The metal was engraved with curving symbols that looked eerily similar to some tattoos I saw once. The net formed a very long sleeve, way too thin to be for my arms or legs. My heart sank when I understood what it was for, but every fiber of my being screamed for me to try it on. Overcome by my desire, I immediately began putting it on. I felt a powerful jolt of pleasure coursing through my veins as I slid the long sleeve over my spade, covering my entire tail in a crisscross of white thread. Biting my lip, I snapped the cold metal shut around the base, feeling it tightly hug every inch of my sensitive appendage. A dull shimmer of pink light flashed a second later. Weird, but I didn’t give it a second thought. My tail tip was resting just above the frilly cap of the sleeve, caressing it from below with every move. Something about them reminded me of fishnets, and my soul squealed in delight at how naughty that felt. Next was the panties, or the lack thereof. It was made of the three elastic rings, connected to each other by barely visible strands of silk that formed an entirely see-through gown around the waist. With a careful step, I slipped inside them and pulled them upwards. The largest of the rings tightly hugged my pelvis, securing the ensemble in place. The other two gripped onto my hips as they reached their destination. The strands zigzagged between them in an orderly and precise fashion, forming an intricate weave that was too tight to even push a finger through except for two points, one in front of my crotch and the other at my backdoor. I felt the smooth and cool fabric, giggling at the easy access they were made for. The last piece of the puzzle was the bra. Two firm rings of tightly woven silk surrounded my breasts snuggly, the perfectly precise spider-web pattern between them cupping them without leaving anything to the imagination. Taking a look in the mirror, I froze up. I couldn’t even understand why, but I felt more exposed than when I was entirely naked. The tight threads pushed and pulled all my assets to the forefront. I curled my tail in delight, gasping at the foreign sensation cradling it. I didn’t have anything to hide from her, and I wanted to show her that I never would.
I returned to the kitchen, twitching and whimpering with every step until I reached the counter, picking up the tray I had prepared. Tiptoeing over to her door, I was already giddy about her reaction. Would she like it? Would she touch me? Would she do… more? My mind rushed back to last night, recounting each sweet second we spent as one. I stood in the hallway, already dripping with newfound lust. Hesitantly, I knocked on the hardwood, waiting for her response."Yes, honey?", her melodic voice chimed through, making me smile.Her motherly voice made me giddy with anticipation."I made some snacks for you. Can I come in?~"I heard her squealing quietly before she gave me the ok. With the aid of my wings, I opened it, revealing Nica on the comfy seat. She was focussed on her laptop, smiling happily at my arrival but not yet looking up."You are wonderful, Sa-", the compliment got stuck in her throat as she saw me in my new attire."Like what you see~?", I whispered, closing in on my beautiful girlfriend.She was speechless, her jaw hanging in disbelief. Her eyes… Those were the eyes of a predator, and I was more than happy to be her prey. Her expression, the twitching of her tail, and her massive members pushing her work out of her lap told me everything I needed to know. I had flipped her switch, and I delighted in the prospect of her powerful body taking what she wanted. Swallowing lecherously, she put her laptop aside, letting her glorious rods spring free. I had given her my everything already, so what was the harm in doing more? Her hungry eyes locked onto me. I approached her steadily, setting the tray on the table. I put sway in every motion, drawing heavy breaths from her that made my heart jump. With a loving smile, I swung my leg over her body, making myself comfortable on her lap. Her gargantuan shafts rubbed against my stomach, warming me to the core. I winked at her as I loosely wrapped my scantily decorated tail around her neck.“S-Sammy! W-Why-?”, she stuttered, an adorable and confused expression on her face.“See it as a housewarming gift, Nica. I’m all yours if you want~”I could see her restraint crack, her desires just beneath the surface. I took so long to come to terms with my attraction to everything she had to offer. Now, I seriously started to question myself for not accepting her sooner. A wonderful woman like her deserved the best I have, and I was more than willing to give it to her. My hands gently caressed her stomach as I flashed her a lustful smile and went in for a loving kiss. I was in charge for now, wrestling her tongue into submission. For the first time since we found each other, my lust was greater than hers and watching her writhe beneath me made me realize our deep bond. She laid her hands on my barely veiled form, reciprocating my affections with vigor and love. Her slender fingers brushed over my perky nipples, making me shudder in pleasure. The thin silk between her warm hands and me felt so alien, doing nothing to protect me from her advances, not that I wanted it to. My tail snaked between her bountiful breasts, probing for her heartbeat with my spade. Not breaking the kiss, I pushed them together, kneading her supple flesh as my tail began to slide up and down between them. Nica rubbed her gorgeous shafts along my hips in turn, making me shiver and leak every time they brushed against my exposed entrance. She was tantalizingly close to driving home, making me crave for her to slip inside me every moment. I pushed my knees off the seat until I reached her height, hearts forming in my eyes. My juices dripped on her neglected rods, making them slick and ready for what was to come. Certain that I had the upper hand, I began teasing her a little. Pinching her nipples and gently sucking on her lips, I wiggled my sopping entrance only inches from her towering girths. I retreated from her mouth, both of us gasping for air before I cooed softly.“Are you ready, Nica? I don’t think I can wait much longer~”My vision was hazy, only able to recognize hypnotizing swirls of purple, black, and gold. Slowly, my focus returned, and I swallowed heavily at the sight before me. She had a maniacal grin on her face, her eyes turned to slits, only able to see the tasty morsel right in her lap. I knew that I was in trouble as she led the tip of my tail to her mouth.“Oh believe me, I am. Let’s just hope that you are, dear~”I whimpered, relishing in the feeling of my spade vanishing between her lips. A knowing, lecherous, and somewhat intimidating glare from her made me lock up. Sucking on my sensitive tip like a lollipop, she slid her hands up from my chest. At first, she rested them on my shoulders, gently massaging them with circular motions. She put a little pressure on me, trying to push me back into her lap. I resisted fiercely, my womanhood resting on one of her eager rods. I wanted to tease her some more, and that hungry spark in her eyes was like a drug to me. She soon learned that this wouldn’t work and flashed me a toothy grin. Her fingers slid along my throat until they cupped my face from both sides. She engulfed me in her tight coils, rising high above me until her rigid shafts pressed into my face. I grinned at her, cheekily giving one of her members a quick lick. Her stare, full of frustration and lust, burned into my soul.“I’m done waiting, dear~”, she chided before softly biting down on my spade.I moaned in a mixture of dull pain and excess, taking a deep breath that was cut short as I felt her hands firmly wrapping around my horns, pulling me towards her. Her thick rod easily parted my lips, sliding down all the way to the base. My eyes were wide with shock, staring into the lust-crazed visage of my girlfriend.“I told you~”Without another word, she pulled me back up until I tasted her precum on the tip of my tongue before slamming my face into her crotch again. My eyes rolled into the back of my head as my toes curled and my tongue hung out past her member in sweet bliss. Her eyes were full of want, an unending desire. I knew there was no way out of this, but I didn’t care. I sucked and licked with boundless vigor, feeling her massive rod dilate my throat. Her powerful arms locked my head in place, unable to see anywhere else but into her deep eyes or her dripping crotch.“Much better~”, she cooed, picking up the pace.I loved it. She was so rough and possessive. She needed me as much as I needed her, maybe even more right now. After a few, powerful thrusts, she pulled me off her member, letting me catch my breath.“P-Please… Nica… continue”, I panted heavily, choking on my own saliva and craving to take her back into me.“Are you sure, my little queen? I don’t think I’ll be able to stop.”, she giggled with a smug smile.“I… I don’t care. I’m yours, Nica! Make me yours!”I squealed in anticipation as her hands wrapped around my horns again in an iron grip.“You asked for it~”Without a warning, she continued to roughly fuck my throat, seeing stars as she buried herself within me. Soon, she fell into a steady rhythm, pleasuring herself with her more than willing girlfriend. I was entirely unable to move, a slave to her whims and her girth, drawing hedonistic pleasure from being used like a toy by the one I loved. She grunted with every move, her eyes deeply locked with mine as she hilted inside my mouth over and over again, slapping her other rod forcefully into my face with every stroke. I was at her mercy, swimming in ecstasy until my vision began to blur again. She allowed me a moment of respite every now and then, so I wouldn’t lose myself in it.She used me like a fleshlight for what felt like hours until I finally felt her member twitching within me. She was close, and I was already craving her essence.“I’m about to...”Unable to talk, I nodded as hard as I could. I wanted everything she could spare.Her hot seed erupted from her rod, pouring down my throat. The white essence surged into my gullet, filling me with her sweet love until it leaked out of my lips. The feeling of her thick semen flooding my stomach drove me over the edge, leaving me lightheaded. Her torrent soon ebbed out. She pulled on my horns until the tip of her member escaped my lips with a wet pop. Before I could react, in her lust-fuelled frenzy, Nica quickly impaled me on her other girth like a life-sized sex doll. The other, heavy load poured down my throat, filling me even further than what I believed to be already full. It was a wonderful experience that made my mind soar. Her seed kept flowing and flowing until my vision started to dim. 
“I-I’m so sorry, dear! I don’t know what came over me!”I came to in the bathtub, the water stained a milky white. It took me a couple of seconds to recall what had happened, filling my mind with untold amounts of embarrassment. I would have never been so forward, so what happened? I rested against Nica’s chest, my belly swollen with her seemingly limitless load until it bloated obscenely. I tasted her essence on my tongue, some still clinging to my throat.“D-Don’t worry about it, Nica. W-We both lost control there...”, I chuckled meekly, still hazy from the experience.She had removed all my lingerie aside from the tail clip.“Don’t worry about it? You look like you have been pregnant for months! That isn’t right, Sammy. Something must be wrong with me...”“N-Nonsense, Nica! W-We were just… eager, that’s all. Must’ve been that... outfit, maybe even this thing.”I grinned at her, swinging my tail in front of her face. She stared at me in shock, her hand resting on my shoulder.“Where did you get that? How did you get your hands on it?”“Uhmmm..? Rena and Jackie gave it to me as a gift together with the outfit. I thought it looked hot.”I could hear Nica slamming her hand into her face, making me jolt in surprise.“I should have known. You would never have been so forward otherwise.”“Other than what?”, I retorted, genuinely confused.She sighed heavily, unclipping the silver bracelet with two fingers.“Do you see that engraving here?”“Yeah. I… saw it before and thought it looked beautiful. What about it?”“Sammy, that is a lust crest. This thing is magical. If you didn’t… pass out-”She shuddered as she said that, seemingly making herself responsible for it.“I don’t know how long we could have gone for! If a succubus wears a crest like that, their lust and the ones they are close to is amplified. This is probably one of the more ‘safe’ ones. It turned off after you fell unconscious as a safety measure. Some of them don’t.”I swallowed, staring blankly at the metal trinket.“Why would Rena-”“Because she didn’t know I had these.”, Nica interjected while pointing to her crotch.“Couple’s like these two can use it to spice up their lovelife, but for me it’s quite dangerous. The enchantment triggers when the wearer is even barely aroused, and the effects are stronger on ‘males’ than females. We should take it back to the store.”“No.”, I replied with renewed resolve.“Huh?”“It was glorious and I loved every second of it, Nica. Although I am embarrassed beyond belief. We’ll keep it under wraps, and... maybe we can use it again. Controlled next time.”She looked at me incredulously.“Are you sure, Sammy? I could have seriously hurt you, and I treated you like-”“A toy? Yes. And it was an experience I’d like to have again sometime. I’m yours after all~”She wrapped her arms around my shoulders, hugging me tightly.“I love you, Nica.”“I love you too, Sammy. How are you feeling?”I giggled softly, thinking of the first answer that came to my mind.“Full~ Don’t worry too much, Nica. I can take it. How about I make us some nice dinner soon, and we play something? I believe I saw some karaoke between your games, and I would love to hear your lovely voice some more.”“Aww, my dear. How sweet. We can try later. I found them in a bargain bin, and never got to try them. Let us relax for now and do that later. No need to rush, right?”“Right.”I nuzzled into her chest and dozed off immediately in her warm embrace.
  
    Chapter Text
    The weekend was filled with cuddles, games, and training. Nica persuaded me into working out my new wings, despite me not wanting to leave our comfy couch.“You can fly now. It would be a shame if you didn’t learn how, right? I don’t want my princess to fall out of the sky.”Flying was rather difficult at first, but I quickly got the hang of it. The “rewards” I got from Nica made all the trouble worth it. My wings quickly grew in strength, and by Sunday, I was able to fly vast circles around the block. It was a wonderful feeling, nothing that running could ever compare to. I felt so free as the wind rushed around me, and I couldn’t stop myself from screaming in delight. More than once did I tackle Nica mid-flight in glee, nuzzling into her with a satisfied smile. She squeezed me tenderly in return, letting me know that I did well before carrying me into the living room to relax after my training. I was so full of energy on monday morning, ready to show the entire world my new me. I gave Nica a goodbye kiss and took off to school. Gliding high over the roofs of the buildings below me, I took in the scenery. Seeing the world from high above, I felt at peace. I have a loving girlfriend, a large home for us to withdraw into, reprieve from my parents bullshittery, and copious amounts of skinship and sex. I daydreamed between the clouds, already itching to get back to her side, but Nica took my education very seriously, and I didn’t want to disappoint her. With a grin, I dove down towards the school, eyes focussing on a light green silhouette standing on the courtyard.“Good morning girls!”, I yelled, lading in front of Rena and her girlfriend, letting them recoil in surprise.“Sweetie! Oh my, you look wonderful! Seemed like you enjoyed our present, perhaps?”I shot a glare at Jackie.“You could’ve told me that thing was cursed.”, I muttered in annoyance.“Enchanted. I thought you would like it~ Shoot… does  it work differently on alps?… I hope it didn’t have any side effects?”“Side effects is a nice way to put it, Jackie. I would appreciate it if you’ll warn me about magic toys… even though it felt really good.”, I muttered as my cheeks started to turn red.“Sorry, sweetie. I’ll warn you next time~”“I hope so.”, I giggled, my mind already anticipating her next idea.It was incredibly dirty, but I loved how open minded she was. If she had more toys like that, I was likely to try them, someday.“How are you holding up, Rena? Got used to your body yet?”“Kinda. I’ll still need Jackie ta calm me down a bit.”, she grinned bashfully.Rena’s arm was wrapped around Jackie’s shoulder, and I swallowed slightly as I noticed where her tentacles snaked into. Those two really had no shame, not that I could blame them.Proudly, I sprawled out my wings, flapping them in the light morning breeze.“What do you think? Do they fit me?”, I asked with genuine interest.“You look like a proper succubus now, sweetie. Those things are enormous! Makes me almost feel underdeveloped by comparison.”, Jackie chuckled.“Yep! They seem like they’re packin’ a punch! And were not talkin’ ‘bout the wings, girly.”, Rena snickered, pointing to her own, rather full, chest.Jackie gave me a shrewd smile, coiling her long and decorated tail around her girlfriend's tentacles as she laughed.“Yeah…thank you...”, I replied, blushing profusely.“And for the gift too. I still appreciate it, really.”“We know ya do~”, Rena cooed with a devilish grin, making me blush a little.The bell tore us out of our little chat and I quickly turned towards the building to get ready.“See you later, you two!”, I yipped, before heading for the classroom.The first time since I started going to school, I was actually enthusiastic to go there. Nica was waiting for me at home, and I would do anything to make her happy.I slogged through the daily school material with vigor, earning myself Nica’s full attention in return. There was no better way to encourage me, and she knew it. I cooked her nice meals every day, going on long strolls aftwards. By Thursday, directly after school, I shed my clothes and went into the kitchen to prepare the food for our next meeting. I was in the middle of mixing a tasty salad when I felt Nica’s firm grasp on me.“Welcome home, dear. How was school?~”, she chimed, rubbing my shoulders.“Hey Nica. Boring like always. You?”“Work was alright. Although I was missing something, Sammy.”“What would that b-”, my question got drowned in a surprised yelp as she effortlessly bent me over the kitchen counter.I bit my lip in anticipation, feeling her stiff rod prodding my backside.“You~”, she cooed, laying her hands on my exposed back and unceremoniously shoving her tool inside me.“Umph… Nica! I have to finish this.”, I groaned, reflexively pushing myself back into her.“You’re a woman now, Sammy. Multitasking shouldn’t be a problem.”, she giggled while hooking her hand into the apron and massaging my breasts with a firm grip.I continued working on our dinner as she gently pushed me against the counter with every thrust. Casual encounters like this quickly became a daily occurance, and we both were constantly waiting for opportunities to surprise the other with loving attention. By the time I was finished with the dish, she was close as well. With a wicked smile, I turned my head to meet her in a deep kiss as she released into me. Ever since my second transformation, I managed to absorb her essence so quickly that by the time I cleaned myself up and exited the shower, the noticeable bulge had already receded enough to be almost inconspicuous. My assets were steadily increasing in size, although at a much slower pace now. Luckily, it would take a while before I would need new clothes.“Are you ready, my princess? We have to head out soon.”“Sure, Nica!”, I shouted out of the bathroom, slipping in some comfortable clothes that could hide the remaining seed within me.“All done. Let’s get going!”, I chimed, hooking my arm into hers and holding a bag full of snacks for the meeting in the other.My chest swelled with pride as I showed the girls my new wings, flapping them excitedly.“They are magnificent! Congratulations, Sam.”, Anna yipped as we sat down in the office.“Aren’t they a little oversized?”“Damn it, Mel! Can you be any more blunt?”“Sorry sis’.”We chatted a little while devouring my dishes. I tried many new things to see if I could surprise them and, judging by their reactions, I apparently succeeded.“How did the last week work out for you, girls? Any news you would like to share? Why don’t we start today, Sammy? A lot happened.”, she grinned with a gleam in her eyes.“Ummm… I moved out of my house and live with Nica now. I feel so much happier since then, and I don’t want to ever leave!”I earned myself some “awww’s”, smiling into the small crowd.“Well… also my transformation finally finished, as you can see. Nica helped me a lot during my transition, but I think I’ll be alright now.”“Well said, my princess~ I am also really satisfied with the arrangement. There is nothing I would trade this for, ever. How about you, Sierra?”The vamp mosquito flashed a coy smile, her thin wings buzzing slightly.“Mel and I went to a clinic this week. I can drink blood packs now, but it still makes me somewhat uncomfortable.”“Yep! I’m proud of her.”, Mel interjected.“We also got ourselves an internship!”The cheery statement of the devil bug made me smile. She came a long way too. She looked so much livelier now, just like Sierra.“We both want to go into the medical field, so we’re interning at the hospital.”“Do you have any specific things you want to get into?”“I want to become a nurse!”, Sierra squealed.“How can I say… It’s kind of… in my blood? Heh...”Mel giggled, giving her a slight tug.“I want to work in the lab. There are many things I could help with there. I don’t want anyone to go through the same shit we did.”“Language!”, Nadja quipped in annoyance.“It’s fine, Nadja. We all went through some shit. Some more than others.”, Nica giggled.“F..Fine. Anyway, Veronica? I got a good grip on my nose now, even found some nice scents you might enjoy. A little thanks from me as a gift.”She handed Nica a small, tightly sealed glass bottle before returning to her place.“I tried to mimic the nicest flavor I’ve smelt since my transformation, I hope you like it!”“How sweet! I wonder...”Nica carefully opened the bottle, before freezing up, a slight blush creeping into her face.“T-That smells w-wonderful, t-thank you.”, she stuttered, quickly plugging the bottle again.“Anything wrong with it?”, Nadja inquired with a concerned look.“No! No… It’s great, really. Now then. How about you, Anna? Any luck with your crush?”Nica quickly changed the topic, clearly uncomfortable, but luckily Nadja didn’t want to pry any further. The anubis’s tail started to wag from side to side as she pushed herself upwards.“I… I finally managed it! I got the promotion and I… I… got a date too!”, she squealed in delight.“Congratulations, Anna. I’m sure you made a good choice. Finally, Rena. How did your heart to heart with Jaqueline go?”“Perfect. Jackie’s got even more clingy. Gotta love when she cuddles up to me at night so that we can work durin’ the day. She’s really careful too. Her soft hands… her beautiful b-”“Too much information.”, Mel stated bluntly, for the first time in support of her sisters.“Sorry. Lost myself in it a lil’. I’m thinkin’ I’ll be good from now on.”As the tentacle girl finished, all eyes went back to Nica, waiting for the next step in this weekly ritual we all became accustomed to.“It looks like I will no longer be needed then. I really hope I could help you with your fears and your acclimation to life as mamono. I’ll always be available if you need me~ Does anyone have any final questions for today?”I was genuinely surprised to hear that, but thinking about the progress of the others, there was not much left to talk over. None of the girls really had something to ask, until Anna hesitantly spoke up.“I-I’m thankful for helping us, Veronica. I would s-suggest we all go out on the weekend. What do you think?”She looked questioningly into the group, earning unanimous agreement from all of them.“I would love that. Rena? If you don’t mind, would you invite your girlfriend and Saskia too? I would love to have a word with both of them.”“Sure can do! I’m sure they’ll come along.”“Thank you. I really hope I was of help to you. How does Saturday sound? There is a nice karaoke bar nearby. I’ll make a reservation.”, she said, making me crave her wonderful voice already.Saying our goodbyes, the group quickly disbanded, leaving us two alone again.“Nica? You looked a little shaken up back then. Is everything ok?”She blushed slightly, pulling out the little bottle and handing it to me.“T-Take a whiff of this, Sammy. You’ll see...”Carefully opening the flask, a strong scent filled my nose. It was sweet, fruity and very familiar. I froze in shock, staring up at her.“I appreciate her effort, but I don’t think I’ll use perfume that smells like… us.”, she said, trying to avoid looking into my eyes.I nodded in understanding, wrapping my arms and wings around her to hide my blushing face.“She meant well. No need to be bothered by it. Besides, I kinda like it. It reminds me of our time we spent together already! I love you with all my heart, and I would gladly use it.”“I love you too, but I’d rather not have my girlfriend reek of our nightly endeavours in public. Should we head home? I’d like to enjoy the real thing~”The following day, we decided to go shopping for some nice clothes for the party. The frilly, purple dress that I had worn became way too small for me. I wanted to go with a more casual attire, but Nica had another idea.“I want you to wear something special. And I already know what it is going to be~”“Come on, Nica! Don’t leave me hanging. What is it?”She chuckled quietly, as we headed into the mall. Intrigued, I followed Nica’s gaze, leading me to the same shop we first went into together.“I remember some fabulous dresses in that store, and I am sure you would look gorgeous in them!”, she chimed, pointing towards the large window in front of the store.I felt my spine tingle with anticipation when I laid eyes on the main exhibition.The phenomenal purple dress was still in place, now much more amicable for my changed physique. Wine red embroidery and silken, white strands snaked through the fabric, giving it the illusion of layers upon layers of smooth, comforting cloth. The cocktail dress was flamboyant and revealing, the signature opening in the back offering more than enough space to easily slip my wings into.“What do you think, Sammy? Ready to look gorgeous?”I was at a loss of words, my eyes fixed on the bombastic display.“Are you sure Nica? Will this thing suit me? And don’t even get me started on the pri-”“I don’t care about the price tag, my princess. I want others to see you as regal and awe-inspiring as I see you already~”, she cooed, making me hide my face in my hands.“You’re embarrassing me, Nica. I don’t look that good.”“Don’t spout nonsense like that! There is no-one more pretty in this city than you, my dear. I know it.”“No, there is someone that looks better than me. Way more suited for that fabulous dress than I am, Nica. I don’t know...”She frowned, putting her hands on her hips.“And who might that be?”“You~”, I whispered with a sly smile.Now it was her time to blush.“Sammy! That’s not fair! Why must you be so adorable?”, she whined, embracing me in a bone-crushing hug.“I have a dress at home that I want to wear, dear, but I want it to be a surprise. I believe this piece would look wonderful on you. Please, give it a try? For me?”“Mphh… Okay, I guess.”, I conceded, following her into the large store.I paced nervously up and down the wooden pavement of our apartment, accompanied by the telltale clacking of the black high heels that Nica chose for me. It was a pain to walk, but she likes how they look so I was more than happy with wearing them. I waited for Nica to emerge from the bathroom, primed and ready to head to our little party.“Do you need help in there, Nica? Should I come in?”“N-No! I’m alright! One second.”, she yipped through the closed door, making me giggle.Shortly after, she slithered into the living room, taking my breath away.She wore a low-cut, sleek, and black dress, a prominent v-cut exposing her bountiful cleavage. Her attire had a suggestive cut up the side, usually exposing the leg but now giving a generous view of her hypnotizing scale-patterns. The dress sat tight, pushing all of her curves to the forefront. My girlfriend looked like a goddess made flesh. A large amulet hung from her neck, adorned with a finely cut, green gem, grasped firmly by onyx claws.“Damn Nica! Any prettier and Ava and Ophelia need to wear bowties. You look gorgeous!”I slowly inspected her tantalizing silhouette, taking in the view and slowly stepping forward. The heels slid to the side, and I braced myself for a nasty fall, but Nica caught me in her arms, gently putting me back on my feet.“Oh dear~ You look stunning yourself! I knew it was a good choice.”She gently put her hand on my hip, lightly squeezing my supple flesh through the purple fabric. My sudden growth spurt had outgrown the silver rings I decorated my horns with, and Nica insisted that we should look for a replacement. Two small, ivory snakes now coiled around my curved appendages, four tiny beads of amber forming golden eyes on the immaculate work. The last piece of the puzzle was a broad but thin leather choker hugging my throat, imprinted with scale patterns. Nica brushed her fingers from my chin down and along it, a glint in her eyes.“This night is going to be fantastic~”, she chimed, causing me to hug her affectionately with my wings.Darkness enveloped us as I went in for a kiss. I craved her touch so badly, but that had to wait for now.“Yes, it will. Ready to head out?”, I asked with a cheeky smile.“Let’s go already!”, Nica exclaimed in return, already giddy at our little outing.With a smile that melted my heart, she pulled me out into the cool evening air.Nica gently lifted me out of the small cab. She had to squeeze herself out of the tiny car beforehand, but insisted to help me out of it. I cuddled into her side to keep myself upright, wrapping my wings around her for support. A large neon sign informed me that we had arrived at our destination, “The Siren’s Serenade.”A gust of warm air met us at the door, quickly reinvigorating my cold-blooded girlfriend as a voluptuous gandharva strut over to us.“Good evening, girls! How can I help you today? Did you make a reservation?”“Yes, actually. We booked a karaoke booth under the name Halloway.”The stacked bird-woman skimmed through a book with her bright orange wings until she perked back up.“Of course! The others have already arrived. Please follow me.”She led us to a room at the far and of the building, pointing towards the door.“If you want any snacks or drinks, please ring the bell. Have fun, you two~”“Thank you... miss?”“Call me Claire! I wish you a nice evening.”With that, she left us alone.“You ready, dear?”“Never been more ready, Nica.”, I replied, butting my hand on the doorknob.Taking a deep breath, I pushed it open with a confident smile.The first thing I noticed were Rena and Jackie, relaxing in the back of the long couch. Rena wore a sleek, orange dress with curly, tentacle-designs imprinted on it. She gently massaged Jackie’s leg, who looked like she took the wrong turn towards the stripclub.She wore a black fishnet top that was so see through, that she could’ve just gone topless. Her legs were covered in dark stockings connected to a garter belt that was clearly visible beneath her short, red skirt. The thin tentacle’s sneaking into her top and her skirt made her decision to stay in the back quite sensible. Jackie waved at me, her face less flushed than it should be.“Hey, sweetie! Took you two long enough. We started without you already. You two look stunning, by the way.”My face turned a deep shade of red, before I realized that she was talking about the karaoke in the front. Anna stood in front of the screen, singing powerfully, while the siblings stood behind her as backup singers. It took me a moment to understand what they were trying to do and I couldn’t suppress a chuckle. They were singing a song called “Show me love” by Tatu. Anna hit every tone, but the other three were desperately trying to follow russian lyrics they probably couldn’t even understand. Nica led me by the hand into the spacious room, careful to not disturb the quartet from their attempted chorus. Sitting down on the couch, I rested my hand on the closest thing that Nica had to a thigh, squeezing playfully and giving her a gentle kiss. Anna wore a wide, black dress with golden accents, accompanied by egyptian themed eye makeup. She looked regal and powerful, despite her stature. The sisters all wore light blue dresses that looked like they were, albeit masterfully, handmade. They were still struggling with the chorus, but they looked like they were having a lot of fun. Soon the song wound down, and they tried to return to their places as they noticed us.“Oh god, Veronica! Sam! Did you hear that?”, Anna asked with a slight blush on her face.“Of course I did! That sounded wonderful, all of you! Where did you learn to speak russian, Anna?”, Nica replied with a smile.“We travelled a lot when I was a kid since my dad was a pilot. I was born there.”“That’s so cool! I always wanted to go there but...”, she pointed down at her serpentine body.“The cold makes it rather difficult for me.”Anna gave her an apologetic look, before continuing.“There are a lot of nice places in the world that are a lot warmer, Veronica. Have you ever been to the mediteranean?”, she asked with her head cocked to the side.I giggled quietly, drawing their attention to me.“What is it, Sam?”, Anna inquired with a confused expression.I wanted to answer, but Nica beat me to it.“I was born in Cyprus, Anna.”, she chided with a wide smile.“So you are greek then? I think I should order us a round of Ouzo then.”Nica’s head snapped over to Saskia with a shocked expression. She sat next to the door and was so silent that we didn’t even notice her. She wore a Deep red dress with an intricate flame pattern on it. She grinned at us, showing her sharp, wolfish fangs.“Hey Saskia! You’re always so sneaky. Ouzo? I haven’t had that in years. I don’t know...”“It’s fine, Veronica. We’re your friends here, not patients. Let loose for once.”, she said while rolling her burning eyes.“I… I guess one bottle wouldn’t hurt.”“Bottle?”, I gasped in surprise.“Glass! I meant glass!”, she corrected herself, tinting her dark cheeks with a blush.With a satisfied grin, Saskia headed for a small screen next to the door, carefully tapping on it with her claws.“Anything else, girls?”“I’d like a coke!”, I stopped in shock, before laughing.Anna, the sisters, and me were absolutely in sync, and it was hilarious.“Alright, 5 coke’s it is. Anything else? No? Good.”She sent the order and returned to her place. We almost sat in a circle like we were used to. It felt so familiar as Rena spoke up.“So... Anna, how didya get that date? I wanna hear all the details~”, she purred.Anna looked away with flushed cheeks.“But it’s embarrassing!”, she cried with a hint of excitement in her voice.“That’s even better! I wanna hear!”Anna looked into the group, slightly panicked. Everyone wanted to know, and she could feel that.“Uhhh… Have you ever had that feeling when you feel so happy and proud that your brain stops working for a second? That you do things that you never would do? Ever?”I peeked over to Nica, who returned me a knowing smile.“I did that… After my promotion.”“Don’t torture me ‘ere. What didya do?”, Rena prodded.“Well… I left the boss’s office and directly ran into Drew...”, her expression turned into a wide smile.“Must be him, right?”, Mel asked with a serious tone.“Yeah… He asked me how the meeting went… I didn’t answer...”“You didn’t? Ho-”She buried her face in her paws with a loud sigh.“I grabbed him by the collar and pulled him in for a kiss! The rest is history...”We sat there in stunned silence, surprised at how forward she could be. After a moment of silence, Rena raised her voice again.“Ya go girl! That’s how ya do it!”“Is it?”, Jackie replied.“How about love letters under the desk and poems in the locker?”, she cooed before Rena quickly plugged her mouth with a tentacle.“Jackie! Didn’t I tell ya not to talk ‘bout it? I was like… really embarrassed okay?”The entire group broke out in laughter, only interrupted by a surprised shriek from Rena as Jackie began to sensually lick her appendage. She slipped it out of her mouth and wrapped it back around her. We enjoyed a little more banter from the two lovebirds before a weak knock on the door prompted us to turn around.“Come in, please.”, Nica yelled over the loud music.Slowly, the door swung inward.“Good evening. Sorry for the wait. I’m new here and-”She stopped mid sentence, locking eyes with me. I expected many things from her, not a single one of them I could appreciate, but I never thought I would see Annalise actually work for a change.“I… Uhhh… Here are your drinks, girls. Call me if you need anything.”Without waiting for an answer, she rushed out the door, her face red with embarrassment.I looked over to Nica, who was just as disbelieving as I was.“What the hell was that?”, Mel quipped.“That was like… really rude.”I swallowed heavily.“That was quite tame, all things considered...”“What do you mean?”, Anna asked with raised ears.“That was… My step-mother? Kind of? You know what I mean...”I didn’t really want to talk about it, but I had to get this straight.“Like… The one who took your parent’s away from you?”Both Sierra and Nadja buzzed their wings as they waited for an answer.“Yeah… I blew up at them last week. Seems like I knocked some sense into her after all.”Remembering the mighty slap I delivered, I let out a quiet chuckle.The following hours were filled with copious amounts of singing, drinking, and gossipping. It was good to see Nica drop her professional attitude once in a while. She was just a mamono after all. Aside from the sisters, we all enjoyed some alcohol between the songs, leaving us slightly tipsy. It wasn’t dangerously so, but enough to loosen some tongues.“How did you like our present, Veronica? Sammy told me that you two were in for quite a ride~”, Jackie snickered with a sultry smile.“Jackie! Why would you bring that up here?”, I protested.“Because you are both here, and your reactions are cute.”I pouted at her until she broke out in full on laughter. Nica however, was not amused.“I would appreciate it if you wouldn’t hand my girlfriend enchanted toys, Jaqueline.”, she frowned.“Come on! That was just a little fun~ It didn’t hurt anyone, did it?”“She passed out on me.”Jackie’s eyes widened as I hid my face in my hands.“She did what? Nah, that can’t be, Veronica. It was just a slight enchantment, nothing major. Unless you have a dick, I doubt that would ever happen.”, she giggled nonchalantly.I gazed up at my towering girlfriend, waiting for her to respond. She had a thoughtful expression on her face. Would she? No, she wouldn’t.“I have two.”She would.All eyes were on her, all smalltalk had entirely vanished. The girls stared at her in disbelief.“You are kidding me right? Toy’s don’t count, sweetie~”“I’m not joking, Jaqueline. I got cursed by some vengeful baphomet because I looked at her boyfriend the wrong way. I lost my fertility, but got twice the virility instead. Honestly, If she wouldn’t have passed out, we would probably be still at it.”“NICA!”, I screamed.“What is it, dear?”, she looked over to me with an expression that made my heart jump.She looked so relieved. Of course, she just lifted a massive weight off her shoulders. I was proud of her courage, although it was partially liquid.“Nevermind, Nica. It was just a little… I mean it’s really embarrassing you know?”“Wait wait wait.”, Rena interjected.“Yer packing? Like fo’ real? How the fuck do ya keep that hidden?”“Not anymore...”, she sighed.“I’ve been like this for about ten years now, and I’m tired of keeping it a secret. I wanted you all to know before something like that happens again...”The others were speechless, not really having anything to add to the surreal outing they just witnessed. That was until Saskia spoke up.“Everything makes so much sense now. I never knew, and I thought I never would have. Was that why you invited me?”“Partially, yes. You are also a good friend of my darling, like everyone here. There are not many people I would rather break this secret to.”, she whispered.“Thank you for sharing, really. It means a lot to me.”All the girls agreed with Saskia's statement.“But please, keep it under wraps. Not everybody needs to know… At least not right now.”“My lips are sealed”, she said, once again followed by universal agreement.“With that out of the way, let us enjoy the rest of the night, ladies! There are still a lot of songs to sing!”She was back to her old self, and I was oh so thankful for it.“Jackie? I think we gonna have ta change our bets a lil’, right?”“Yeah. Didn’t really expect THAT kind of turn, to be honest.”“Bets? What kind of bets?”, I asked with a raised eyebrow.“Well… I was pretty sure that you would be on top, but I would have to give that one to Rena.”, Jackie giggled.“Oh wow. You two really have no shame, right?”Mel spoke up after her long bout of embarrassed silence.“This is… a lot to swallow-”Jackie and Rena burst out in laughter, and even I couldn’t stop myself from a sheepish giggle at Mel’s slip up. Locked in an awkward situation, Nica turned to her.“Trust me, it is~”“NICA!”The entire group broke out in maniacal giggling, my face turning redder and redder.“I am really proud that you trust us with this. You are still the same, Veronica. Don’t let anybody tell you anything different, okay?”Anna rested her hands on her hips, trying to look as commanding as possible. I was sure she would quickly get into her new job. She had that strong presence despite her rather small stature.“I’m happy you both found who you were looking for.”, Nadja chimed in with a gentle buzz of her wings.“You two are pretty much… made for each other, right?”I turned to my girlfriend, lost in the endless, golden sea within her eyes. I had, what she lost, and she had what once had been mine.“Yes… I think we are.”, I cooed, giving Nica a sweet kiss.Sierra snickered.“Get a room already!”Nica winked at me, and my body locked up when I saw the bottomless lust in her eyes.“Well… I guess I have to go to the bathroom for a moment. I need to freshen up. Sammy? Would you mind assisting me with my makeup?”The unanimous gasping around us made her intentions clear, but who am I to disagree with this mortal goddess?“Sure Nica. We’ll be right back, girls. Afterwards, we can sing some more~”“If you find your voice again, sweetie~”, Jackie chided with a knowing and lecherous grin.We quickly vanished inside the bathrooms, returning almost half an hour later. I did my best to keep composed, but the party quickly devolved back into banter as they noticed that my choker was missing. This night was going to be long, and I couldn’t wait to see how Nica would end it.
  
    Chapter Text
    The bond between me and Nica only deepened after her sudden outing. I stayed by her side, supporting and loving her to the best of my ability as days turned into weeks and weeks into months. I took great care in her health, making sure she got enough “exercise” and healthy food, so that by the end of the year, I had completely turned around her diet. She didn’t really need to watch her figure, but I insisted that we banish fast food from our home. I devoured multiple recipe books, and the dishes I cooked up afterwards made her agree quite quickly. Coming home from school, I slipped out of my student persona as well as my clothes, so I could embrace my new favorite role of the busty, trusty and lusty housewife. It didn’t matter if I was cleaning, cooking, or just relaxing. I just couldn’t stop tempting my gorgeous girlfriend as often as I could, and I was pretty certain that there was not a single inch of furniture, floor, or wall that she hadn’t taken me on or against. The comfortable, post-coital cuddles we indulged in were the highlights of every single day. She held me firm and secure, making me melt in her warm presence. We kept in contact with the girls, enjoying multiple group dates with Rena, Jackie, Saskia, and George. He still was a little scratchy at times, but the influence of his hellhound girlfriend made him more agreeable day by day. Behind the no-nonsense, jock facade hid a massive nerd. We found some common ground, and soon our girlfriends didn’t even know what we were talking about anymore. If only he had been like that sooner… No. I think it was okay this way. I might have suffered from his antics in the past, but I got the feeling that he was partly responsible for the pleasant situation I found myself in now. 
Mel and Sierra both started working at the hospital, fervently following their dreams while Nadja made a killing with a new line of perfumes made for couples. After we reluctantly told her what she had made previously, we convinced her to thin the formula so it didn’t smell like a well-used bedroom. She turned beet red at the revelation and obliged energetically. The next batch was much less sexual, but it still caused me to stare at Nica, heart-eyed. Nadja would custom make it for every couple that wished for it, making her quite famous in the city. Anna quickly rose in the ranks of her company, and she already had her sight set on her next promotion. Backed up by her co-worker and now boyfriend, Drew, she became quite successful, driving her workplace to new heights. Rena and Jackie kept suggesting me toys out of the seemingly infinite knowledge of the young succubus. I didn’t really want to know where she got it from, and I would never dare to ask.
Around christmas, we were surprised by a sudden call. I didn’t know the number, so I curiously picked up the phone.“Hello? Halloway residence.”“H-Hello, Samantha. C-Can we talk?”, an insecure voice echoed through the speaker that made my skin crawl.“A-Annalise? What do you want?”, I spouted rather heatedly.“Please, Samantha. Would you listen to me for a second? It’s really important to me.”She was almost pleading and despite my distaste for her, I decided to trust her for once.“What is it? I don't want our dinner to burn.”“Oh, thank the fallen god! First of all… You may not believe me, but I am very, very sorry. I behaved like a total bitch, only thinking of myself. I can understand if you want to have nothing to do with me anymore, Samantha, but you are still family to me.”I didn’t know what to think, rolling my eyes in annoyance.“What are you getting at, Annalise? I haven’t got all day.”“We… I wanted to celebrate christmas with my family, with your parents and... with you and Veronica. Please, if you still care about us, come by anytime. Vera hasn’t been the same since then.”My stomach started to hurt. Was she planning something? Did she still want to take Nica from me? No, Nica would never. Should... Could I give them a second chance? I didn’t know. That would be for Nica to decide.“I don’t know Annalise. I’ll talk with Nica about it. If you try anything...”“No! Believe me! Oh… why is this so hard. Please, give it some thought.”“I will. Have a good day, Annalise.”, I replied stiffly, just about to hang up the phone on her.“You too, Sam.”, she whispered with a sullen tone before cutting the call.
I hadn’t talked to my parents at all since my outburst, but Nica insisted that we gave them a chance. Apparently, I really knocked some sense into Annalise, since she got a job shortly after. She chose to change at least a little, and Nica saw it as the sign of betterment that it was. I wasn’t sure if our family could come back together like we used to, but we all were willing to at least try to mend our broken bonds. Mom was elated as I hugged her for the first time in years, sharing affection that we both had been sorely missing in the past years. She was all over Nica, wanting to know what she had missed of her only child’s life and being apologetic at every corner. My girlfriend didn’t want to break her secret yet since the relationship was still too thin, but she happily told them about our life together. Luckily, she chose not to talk about our… less than orthodox private life. Returning home, we were tightly hugged by a pair of cozy, hand-made sweaters that my mothers made. Mine was a cool, teal color, decorated with sweeping, green coils that looked like they wrapped around my midriff. Nica’s was a milky white, showing large and curved black wings hugging her shoulders. I couldn’t remember when I last exchanged presents with my parents, but the joy in Nica’s eyes as she unwrapped hers made me feel like a kid again.
Our happy life continued as usual, the deep snow making way for the first, warm rays of spring. The finals were coming up, and thanks to Nica’s insistence… and rewards, I absolutely nailed it. I had plans for my graduation, and I would like to see them come to fruition.After months of daily doses of Nica’s love, my body finally settled down. I hadn’t grown much in height, but my curves got wide and squishy. Nica loved to play with my now c-cup breasts, fondling them whenever she had the opportunity.I was overjoyed to see that they still fit into the loose cocktail dress as I prepared for graduation. I had asked miss Loyd for permission to hold a little speech. I was excited yet scared, ready for the big day. After this, the world stood open to me, and I already knew what I wanted to do.
“As a highlight of this evening's celebrations, I would like you to welcome one of my students. A lot happened in the last year, and she would like to share her story with us. Please, applaud for Samantha Dylan!”Loud clapping echoed through the hall as I climbed up onto the stage.I wore almost the same outfit like I did half a year ago, the silver snakes adorning my horns refracting the beams of the spotlights into a rainbow of beautiful colors. The only thing missing was the choker. After three weeks and lots of torn leather, we decided that it would put too much pressure on our wallets to keep buying new ones. I still hid some at home though, just in case Nica was in the mood for some snapping. Clearing my throat and trying to get the image of our last attempt out of my head, I approached the microphone.“Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I am Samantha Dylan. Some of you may know me as Sam… or Samuel for that matter. Over half a year ago, on my 18th birthday, I suddenly woke up as an alp. I was confused, scared but most of all, embarrassed. Why me? Was this some kind of sick joke? Some higher being laughing at my suffering? I knew that changes like these were permanent, and I slowly but surely came to accept who I am. I am here today to thank those that helped me through those rough times. First of all...”I paused for a minute, looking for the imposing hellhound in her flame-wreathed dress.“Saskia Tennille! The powerful and intimidating queen of our school. I was terrified of what others would think, how they would react. I didn’t know what to do or where to go, but she gave me a solution, a flyer for a support group where I could talk to people like me, with their own problems. Thank you, Sas’. For everything you have done for me.”The hellhound stood stiff in shock, her eyes burning bright white and a barely visible blush creeping onto her face as the people cheered. She obviously wasn’t expecting me to call her out and George was laughing deeply, earning himself a meek punch to the shoulder from his embarrassed girlfriend. This was only the beginning though.Next were the girls.“Rena Tennille and Jaqueline Vasques! I was new to all of this, hiding myself in an old, oversized hoodie so I could escape the gazes of those who might pity me… Or worse. You two showed me the joys of being a woman, boosted my confidence, and pushed away my fears. Thank you two for giving this girl the looks she needed.”Once again, the crowd began to cheer as I pointed at the mamono pair at the front.“Next up, my trusted friends. Anna Kaguya and the Vilaa sisters! They can’t be with us tonight, but I wanted to thank them regardless. Thanks for supporting me as I struggled with my new body. Thanks for showing me that I was not alone. And most importantly. Thanks for telling me that my cooking wasn’t crap.”I waited a moment for the laughing to subside. This was the last step, and the most important one.“Finally, there is one person I want to thank from the bottom of my heart. You were there for me when I was at my lowest. Protected me when I was weak. Gave me a home when I felt lonely. You shared your greatest secrets with me and never asked for anything in return. Veronica Halloway, would you come up to the stage for me?”Quiet murmuring echoed through the crowd. Nica was known for her work in the city, and almost everyone had at least heard of her achievements. Rising high, Nica slithered up the stairs until we both stood atop the world. Her golden eyes had a questioning glint in them, wondering what I had planned.“Nica. You gave me everything I ever wanted. A place to belong. Safety. Someone to talk to. And most of all, a lover.”I lunged forward, going for a powerful kiss as the murmuring got louder and louder. I wanted absolutely everybody to know that she was mine and I was her’s.“Just as you gave me all of this, so I want to give you my everything. I want you to have what you craved the most, a family. Nica...”I stopped for just a moment, my spade-tipped tail lifting just in front of her eyes. On it, I balanced a little, black box that revealed an elaborate silver ring.“Will you marry me?”The room fell entirely silent, waiting for her reaction. She stood there, frozen in place until a tiny tear squeezed itself out of her golden orbs. With both hands, she grasped the box tightly.“Yes.”, she whispered, before coiling me up in a tight embrace that was impossible to get away from. Not that I ever wanted to.“Yes!”, she screamed in joy, returning a kiss that put my own attempt to shame.My mind melted into a puddle as the people began to cheer loudly, roaring in support of us.“Ya go, girl! Get ‘er!”, Rena screamed up to me.I was in heaven, and no one could have told me otherwise.“I love you.”, Nica sobbed, tears streaming down her face.She looked so beautiful in the light of the stage, her eyes reflecting the image of the plain, silver ring as I put it on her finger.“I love you too, Nica. Please, take care of me for all the days to come.”“Of course, I will!”She lifted me off the stage, carrying me down towards our future, accompanied by the cheers of the crowd and our closest friends. Held in her arms, she gracefully carried me out of the building like the princess she saw me as. The graduation was about to end anyway, and there were far more important things on our minds. I grinned like an idiot, giggling like a little girl as she lowered me onto the backseat of the cab. On our drive home, we couldn’t keep our hands off each other, exploring every bit of skin of our significant other. Luckily, the driver was focussed on the road, or she would have been in for quite the show. Paying the bill, Nica didn’t even let me walk for an inch, carrying me all the way back to our door. She held me on one arm, her fingers aggressively fondling me beneath the dress as she struggled to open the door. Her burning passion and lust burned so bright that I could almost see it. 
Moments later, I found myself naked on our bed, the imposing silhouette of my soon-to-be wife looming over me.“Are you ready darling? Ready to become my queen?~”, she whispered sultrily, making my skin crawl with anticipation and need.In response, I bared my lower body to her, spreading my legs wide before waving her over to me.“Come here, Nica. I got something to tell you~”Following my invitation, she leaned over me, her massive members pressing to my chest as I whispered into her ear.“Please, Nica. My lover, my… my wife. Give it to me. Give me everything you got!”She looked into my eyes with a shaky smile.“Everything? Sammy, we talked about this already. We can’t-”“Of course we can! I waited so long for this day, and I want my reward now.”My eyes were burning with passion, making even Nica swallow heavily.“I don’t care if it stings. I don’t care if I can’t take it. I don’t care if I fucking pass out. Just~ Fuck~ Me~”, I cooed into her ear with a sultry tone before pulling her head down for an aggressive and messy kiss.I was ready for her. Ready to let everything go for our pleasure, for her pleasure.“Come here, Nica. Give your queen the attention she needs~”That did it. The infinite lust that boiled within burst out with an aggressive grunt.In one swift motion, she impaled me on her, hilting within the depths of my quivering entrance. I had been leaking like a broken dam, making the entry a wonderful, carnal delight. With slow and steady strokes, she bottomed out with every thrust, the outline of her throbbing shaft clearly visible as it stretched me. She shook her hips in reckless abandon, choosing to switch between her rods every time she slipped out of me. Her bulk pressed me down into the mattress, the frame creaking loudly from our frantic lovemaking. I gasped and moaned, roughly fondling her generous breasts and pulling her down for sloppy kisses. My mind drowned in sweet bliss as she hammered into me relentlessly. Just how I wanted it to be.In a rare moment of lucidity, Nica moaned softly, whispering down to me with heavy breaths.“Are… you alright with this? I can slo-”“Less talking, more fucking, Nica. I need it, please!”
She grunted affirmatively before continuing to drive her tool back home. I spasmed in delight, drenching her diamond-hard shaft in my juices as I climaxed over and over again. She filled my life with love. She filled my days with joy. Right now, I wanted her to fill my body with her seed.She growled deeply, and I could feel her rod twitching in my womb. String after string of sticky essence flooded my baby chamber, glazing it in a thick layer of love and lust. My wings wrapped around her as a mind-shattering orgasm coursed through my veins. I couldn’t move, couldn’t breathe, couldn’t talk. All I could do was give her a silent plea with my watering eyes. I wanted more. In silent agreement, she slid her member out of my quivering hole, immediately plugging it back up with her second tool to keep her essence from escaping. With another, low grunt, she erupted again, bulging my belly obscenely as my body accepted her semen.Slipping out of my dripping hole, Nica wasted no time. The tip of her tail quickly plugged me again, thrusting madly and letting droplets of her liquid life spray across the sheets. With her slender fingers, she began stroking her shafts, making them quickly rise back to full hardness. She grinned, overcome by crazed lust as she looked down at my form. Heart-eyed, I stared back up at her, voicelessly mouthing “more”.Her lips puckered, placing kisses on my body as she travelled down to my chest. Her tail mindlessly hammered away, keeping me on the edge for the entire time. With a flick of her forked tongue, she brushed across my hardened nipples, sending shivers down my spine. She circled them with fervor, before she started to suck at them. I mewled and screamed, overcome by the bliss of her administrations. This was how it was supposed to be. Two lovers, together in a sensual embrace. She drove me to my climax for what felt like the thousands time over, and my vision began to blur. I squealed in glee, feeling her hands grasping my legs tightly, pulling them high above me.“I hope you are ready for this, darling~”, she cooed, spearing me in a mind-melting mating press.
My tongue lolled out my mouth, my eyes rolling back into their sockets as she claimed me over and over again. Her essence poured from around her shafts like depraved waterfalls, making room for her next load. I was a shaking wreck at the mercy of my gorgeous girlfriend. My vision began to darken, drunken with love, exhaustion, and lust. I judged her groans and ragged breath to anticipate the next release, cooing profanities in her ear in order to rile her up even further. I felt it surge again, bubbling out from her nethers like a firehose to douse the flames of passion that lit up my womb. Screaming incoherently, I clamped my legs around her back, pushing her massive tool as deep inside me as I could. It sprayed from my stuffed opening like a broken seal as the torrent mercilessly flooded my overstuffed entrance. I bit my lip to stifle my vocalizations, but it was useless. As she retreated to give me the fourth present of the night, my vision darkened further. Riding the waves of pleasure, hearing the soft words of my goddess, I fell unconscious.
The rest of the night, I slipped in and out of my body, delighted to see that she had taken my words to heart. She kept pounding me, only stopping between climaxes to see if I was alright. Her efforts were commendable, overpowering yet gentle and caring for my well being. Smiling contently, I allowed my consciousness to fade away again. I knew she held back so much for my sake, so it was only fair that I would give her what seemed impossible, to drain her enormous libido and give her true relief. In my dreams, her endeavors continued, albeit even more extreme and in locations I would never dare to try... Or would I? 
I awoke utterly exhausted. My legs were numb and my lower body was sore to the point that it slightly stung. Nica was coiled around me tightly, penetrating me tenderly, even in her sleep. I was content to let her ride out the last waves of her countless orgasms. My eyes slowly adjusted to the dim darkness of the bedroom and I froze in a mixture of shock and pride. The entire bed, every single sheet of cloth, and even parts of the carpet below were thoroughly drenched in her sticky goo. This was going to be a bitch to clean, and I made a mental note to wrap the mattress in a sheet of washable plastic for the next time. I grinned at the thought. Next time for sure. I wouldn’t be able to do that every night, but I was willing to let her run wild every now and again. The warmth of our heated bodies, soaked in our unending love, made it more than worth it.Giggling quietly, I booped Nica on the nose to get her out of bed.“Wake up, sleepyhead. I need to clean this mess… and me!”, I snickered as Nica slowly opened her eyes.“Wha? Good morning hon-”She stopped mid sentence, seeing the mess she had made and blushing deeply.“D-Did I do well, dear? Did you like it~ I’m sorry if I-”“No apologies, Nica. You know what I want to hear, right?”, I asked her with a raised eyebrow.“T-Thank you?”, she stuttered, earning herself a deep kiss.“Good girl! Now, would you help me up? I don’t think I can move… at all.”She giggled, lifting my soaked body off the bed and carrying me to the bathroom.“We need to do that again sometime~”“You bet. I loved it when you were in control, and my body can take it~. I just need some time to recover from it.”, I said meekly, batting my eyes at herWith a happy expression on her face, she lowered me into the bathtub, before dousing me off with a stream of warm water. That had been the best night of my life, and here, with my gorgeous fiancè by my side, I was at peace.“Thank you, my love.”“No… Thank you, my queen.”“Now… let the water fill up and come in, Nica. Let’s get each other squeaky clean~”With that, we enjoyed our morning together, before we tackled the seemingly insurmountable task of trying to get literal litres of semen out of our mattress. I finally managed to break her lingering restraint, and I was already fantasizing about the nights to come and the days we would share.
  
    Chapter Text
    When I got the feeling in my legs back, we cleaned the carpet as much as we could before dropping our bedding in the bathroom. I stuffed it into the washing machine, reminiscing how  incredible last night was.“I got this, Nica. How about you wait for me in the living room? I feel like a whole lot of cuddling is in order.”, I giggled, slamming the door shut.“A-Are you sure, Sammy? I fear that you are still weak from last night.”, she replied with a pinch of worry in her voice.“I’m alright, Nica. I’ve never felt better! You can relax knowing that you did exactly what I wanted. I know you would never be too rough for me, remember that. I trust you with all of my heart, and so should you. Besides, I think I know how to handle a washing machine!”A tiny tear rolled down her cheek as she gave me a gentle kiss.“Okay. Tell me if you need any help. I have a phone call to make, anyway”, she said, winking at me.“I’ll be joining you in a moment, okay? I really want you close to me.”She nodded energetically, before leaving me alone in the bathroom.I added some detergent to the mix, watching the milky water roil inside the machine, before following Nica.I was walking way more bowlegged than I expected, but remembering the pleasures I had been in, I was more than content with the aftermath.
Shuffling through the door, I heard Nica’s calming voice echoing from the couch.She held her tablet in her hands with a warm smile.“I’m sorry I haven’t called in a while, but a lot happened, and I thought now would be a good time.”“Vonnie, dear! How are you holding up? I’m happy that you called your old man. Should I get Min-min? I am certain she would like to see you, too.”“Please, dad. I have a lot to talk about.”, Nica said with a smile that warmed my heart.I snuck up to the couch and saw that she was holding a video call. I didn’t want to interrupt her, so I kept silent for now. The video feed was shakily moving until it came to rest on three figures. A tall, slightly chubby man sat on a couch. He had short, black hair, and a welcoming smile on his face.Next to him was a huge echidna, holding a small hellhound puppy in her arms.She looked much larger than Nica, but she didn’t have the healthy sheen that my fiancè had. Her smooth skin was tan, fading into slate grey scales that looked more like a stone statue. She looked quite exhausted but still cheerful, a wide smile on her face.“Vonnie! It’s so good to see you again! We haven’t talked in ages and I wanted to show little Eva here her oldest sibling!”She bounced the little infernal canine on her lap, making her giggle. She waved her tiny paw at the screen.“H-Hello!”, she squeaked excitedly, making me grin at Nica’s blushing face.“Hello, Eva! Nice to see you. I hope our sisters treat you well?”The little hellpup nodded energetically, showing her tiny fangs.“Yep! They keep talking about big sis!”, she yipped, her tail wagging furiously.“You said that you wanted to talk about something, dear? What is it? Did you finally find a way to break that wretched curse?”, her father inquired, making me flinch a little.“N-No… But I think I won’t have to anymore, dad.”“What do you mean?”, her mother spoke up.“I… I got engaged last night.”, Nica replied proudly.The pair’s eyes widened, unable to follow.“T-That’s wonderful dear! Who is the lucky one? B-But how does it solve the issue? We both know that it won’t, right?”Her mother raised an eyebrow, looking concerned.“Believe me. I’m going to marry the most passionate and beautiful person I ever met. Everything will work out. I love her with all of my heart.”“Her?”, they asked in unison.Now, it was my turn. I spread my wings until the tip was visible on the video feed, before wrapping it around her shoulder and stepping into view.“Hello, Mr and Mrs Halloway. I’m Samantha Dylan, Nica’s fiancè.”With a wide grin, Nica looked over her shoulder and gave me a quick kiss.We both waited for her parent’s reaction.“T-That was not what I was expecting.”, her mother blurted out, making me giggle.“You know about her condition, right?”“Mom!”, Nica shrieked, her face darkening in embarrassment.“I do, Mrs Halloway. Trust me, I got it covered~”Nica’s father burst out in laughter, holding his belly and making both his daughters jump.“I like you, Samantha. You got guts! Call me Adrian, and this is my wife Minerva. Is Sam alright for you?”I breathed a sigh of relief. Half of the challenge was overcome already.“Yeah, Sam is alright, Adrian. It’s nice to meet my future parents-in-law.”I saw Minerva taking a deep breath, before she gave us a meek smile.“Listen, Samantha. Veronica went through a lot, and I would do everything to make her happy. How far would you go for her? I’d rather not give up my dear daughter for a half hearted relationship.”I swallowed heavily. I feared something like that, and I rolled an unfinished answer in my head for a moment. Nica looked furious, and I could only imagine what was on her mind.“Trust me, Minerva. There is nothing in this world I wouldn’t do for her. She is the best thing that ever happened to me. Since I turned, she’s done nothing but help me and lift me up. And I intend on doing the same for her.”“Turned? Are you one of her patients? I know she is gorgeous and all, but she has needs that need to be addressed. Are you sure you can handle them?”“MOM! You don’t have to-”“It’s fine, Nica. Let me answer that.”, I said, calming her down with my hand on her cheek.“There is a reason why I can’t walk straight right now, Minerva. We tried last night, and I’m pretty sure I can handle it. All of it.”Both Nica and Minerva looked at me incredulously, and Adrian completely lost it.Little Eva squeaked into the microphone, her ears perking up.“Mommy? What are you talking about?”“Uhmmm… Vonnie really likes to workout, sweetie. She does a lot of... exercises and needs someone to help her with them.”“Uh! Uh! I want to help her when she comes by! Can I, mommy? Can I?”Adrian was rolling on the floor after seeing his wife’s uncomfortable expression, and I couldn’t help but snicker.“Sure, you can help her with her pushups, sweetie.”, I giggled, diffusing the situation with a knowing smile.“Yaaaay! Mommy! Mommy! When are we going to see her?”, she barked, her tail shaking violently.“Uhhh… We could-”“How about two months?”, I said.“Wait… Why that, Sammy?”, Nica asked me with a raised eyebrow.“The wedding, dummy!”“We haven’t even talked about that yet!”“Well, now we have!”, I replied, holding my hands to my hips.“That is a wonderful idea! I have a few words I would like to exchange with you two.”, Minerva smirked.“I can’t wait to meet my daughter-in-law!”“I… uhh… okay, I guess.”, Nica conceded.“We’ll send invitations as soon as we have everything set up. Trust me, this will work out perfectly~”“Alright, see you then. Bye!”“Bye!”, we answered together, before cutting the call.“That… was a little rushed wasn’t it?”“It’ll be fiiiine, Nica. Come on now, we got two months to plan a wedding and practice pushups!”
The days flew by so fast after our engagement, and our wedding drew closer and closer. Tomorrow will be the big day.“Alright! Alright! Everything is set up and ready to go. Have you put the namesigns up for everybody, Nica?”“Yeah, honey. Our parents sit next to each other like you wanted. The entire north table is reserved for my sisters and the girls sit next to us. Anything else?”I scratched my head, putting the finishing touches on the tables. I didn’t believe her when she told me that her family would need an entire table by themselves, but that quickly changed after she showed me a family photo.“That should be it. Let’s get ready for the wedding. Ohhhh, I’m sooo excited!”, I squealed, anticipation clearly audible in my shaking voice.We prepared our wedding for the last two months, and I made sure that it was deserving of my goddess. I wrapped myself around her, casually dipping my tongue into her mouth. We made out for minutes, before reluctantly breaking apart.“Tomorrow is the big day, dear. Are you ready for our new life together?”“Yes, Nica. I can’t wait! I’ll see you then, okay?”, I cooed, sliding my hand below her skirt and rousing her rods from their slumber.“Sammy, again!?”, she stuttered.“Why not? I have to keep my hands off of you for too long!”, I replied with a devilish smile, while sliding down on my knees.With a practiced motion, I lifted her skirt, lunging forward and swallowing the first of her towering members in one single stroke. I quickly bobbed on her shaft, my gag reflex nowhere to be seen as she grabbed my head with a loud moan. She leered down at me, taking the lead and slamming my head into her pelvis since I had given her full permission to use me as she saw fit. I was delighting in the feeling, and she was able to keep her libido in check by recklessly pounding me at any time she felt like it. Keeping her tapped daily made nights like the one two months ago a rare occurrence but still a welcome one. Her essence quickly built up as I stroked her second tool with my hands, bringing her close to her inevitable climax. I had trained like a madwoman for this, taking both tips into my mouth and guzzling her combined loads without even spilling a single drop. I didn’t want to clean the ballroom floor… again.“Let us continue this tomorrow night, Nica~”, I cooed, the last dregs of her release still on my tongue and my belly swelling from the strain.“Y-Yeah.”, she gasped, quickly fixing her skirt and helping me up. In the last few weeks I felt my libido steadily increase, and I craved her more than ever.
I giggled in anticipation, Rena putting the last pieces of my wedding dress in place while Jackie judged the look. Rena was, for the lack of a better term, stark naked. Her entire body was like a dress already, sleek, green curves and flowing tendrils down to the ground. Jackie wore quite the special dress however. It was molded after her girlfriend, sporting the same, elegant, green curves and large tentacles. She told me that it was nothing like ‘wearing the original’, but I didn’t even dare to ask what she was talking about, much to Rena’s amusement. I wore an emerald green dress, reaching down to the ground and fanning out widely. The fabric tightly hugged my slim waist, showing off my prominent hourglass figure and snow white snake patterns curled around my arms, culminating into immaculate snake heads on the back of my hands. A golden veil was fastened to my horns, obscuring my vision and making it hard to see around me.“How are ya feelin’, girly? Everythin’ fittin’ alright?”, Rena asked, nudging the veil into place with a thin tentacle.“I’m feeling perfect, Rena. What do you think, Jackie? How do I look?”I saw her silhouette making some hand signs. I coughed a little, pointing at the veil covering my eyes.“Ah sorry, sweetie. You look gorgeous! Veronica is going to be speechless~”“I sure hope so.”, I giggled, while brushing along the sleeves of the dress.“This thing must have been expensive.”“Don’t worry about that. I got you both covered, you know?”Jackie called in some favors and had a friend of hers agree to sew a wedding dress for each of us. I couldn’t wait to see what Nica was going to wear, but it wouldn’t be long before I saw it anyway. Hearing heels clack in front of the door, I turned around. My parents stood in the door, dressed in their formal attire.“You look gorgeous, dear!”, my mother chimed, moving in for a hug.With a slight smile, I embraced her too.“Thanks, mom. How are the preparations coming along?”“That’s why we're here, Sam.”, my father said.“We’re all set, and I’m here to pick you up.”After mom let go of me, I excitedly slapped my hands together.“This is it! I’m ready!”, I proclaimed before taking a deep breath.
“We’ve come here together today to celebrate the union of two who have found each other against all odds. To find love is a wonderful thing. It doesn’t matter who or how you love as long as all sides are fulfilled and content.”The dark priest stood in front of the altar, watching over the congregation of friends and family Nica and I now shared.“Please welcome these lucky women, who found each other in the dark, not expecting their lives to change as much as they did.”With a final, deep breath, I followed the left path around the pews, Nica likely taking the right. The group cheered for us, and my heart began to flutter. My father led me to the front, his secure grip on my hand reassuring me in my endeavour. It took much prodding from Nica for me to overcome my apprehension towards it, but asking him to guide me was the right choice in the end. My wings were tugged firmly to my body, tense and stiff under the pressure. My dress slid over the smooth stone, not tripping me up like I feared it would. In the corner of my eye, I could see Nica approach, still obscured by the golden veil that adorned my head. I saw streaks of purple and black, making me smile with glee. We matched.We both approached the altar, giddy and excited at the proposition of seeing each other in our wedding gowns. Finally, we arrived and without much fanfare, the veils were lifted.Nica wore a wonderful, purple dress, the rim hovering a couple of inches above the ground. Three sets of black, demonic wings were embroidered on the fabric, wrapping around her shoulders and back in a protective curve. The emerald green veil matched my eyes, now tugged over her face and revealing tears of joy. I couldn’t help but smirk at the flash of red poking through her black hair. Like I suggested, Ava and Ophelia were wearing little bowties, and it was absolutely adorable. I gave her a reassuring grin, stifling the tiny flow of tears in her eyes.“Today, we will witness the unity of Samantha Dylan and Veronica Halloway. But before we can proceed, we must get the important things out of the way.”With a bright smile, the dark priest placed a box with ornate silver rings onto the altar. They had a scaled texture, interspersed by tiny, onyx claws that coiled around the shiny metal. She handed Nica one of the rings before starting the ceremony.“Veronica Halloway. Do you swear to protect Samantha? To share both the good and the bad? To live together for the rest of your lives?”I looked at Nica, her eyes lost in mine as she held the ring between us.“I do.”, she said, gently lifting my ring finger and sliding the ornate ring onto it.My heart thumped up to my throat and I was shivering slightly. Next, the priest turned to me.“Samantha Dylan. Do you swear to stay by Veronica’s side? To be her anchor in trying times? To love her unconditionally for the rest of your lives?”“I do.”, I exclaimed, putting the larger ring on Nica’s finger with trembling hands.“By the divine decrees handed to me by the fallen one, the loving one, and the deep one, I hereby proclaim you wed to one another. You may now kiss the bride.”I, Samantha Halloway, stood motionless, entranced by the endless love shining in my wife’s eyes. She leaned forward, inching closer and closer before I regained my bearings and returned in kind. We met in the middle, engulfed in an embrace full of love and affection. Lust had its place, and it was in the back of both of our minds, but we would have to wait before we could satiate our desires. The congregation cheered, clapping loudly as we linked our lives together. Effortlessly, Nica lifted me off of my feet, carrying me out of the chapel and into the warm evening air. The rest of the group followed suit as we headed into the large ballroom not too far away. We were greeted by a torrent of mamono, each one of them eager to meet their new sister-in-law. 
The next hour was a never ending wave of congratulations and greetings. A nearby table quickly filled with presents, ranging from beautiful house plants to spicy toys from her closest friends. I quickly stowed away the depraved assortment. Not because I was embarrassed, but because we still weren’t quite ready for the reveal. Some of these things quite obviously required something that a woman usually shouldn’t have. My favorite was a gift from Saskia. It was a fancy leather collar that would comfortably fit me or Nica. I fought with myself, part of me wanting to wear it during the festivities but, much to Nica’s relief, I decided against it. I saw Saskia sitting together with George at the table, a bright grin on the hellhound’s face as she coddled Nica’s youngest sister, Eva. They looked like a young family like that, and given the large silver ring adorning her paw, that would also soon be the case. I walked around the tables, talking with the guests here and there until I stopped at our parents, Nica sitting next to her mother.“Sam! How are you feeling, dear? Come here, give your mother-in-law a hug~”, Minerva cooed, reaching out her hands.I obliged, getting tightly squeezed in the tall echidna’s hold.“We never really got to talk, dear. Come on, sit down! By the way, do they serve Ouzo here?”Nica laughed heartily.“Yes they do, mom. Anyone else?”, she looked into the small group, waiting for a reaction from the rest.“I’ll take one too.”, her father spoke up, to neither her nor my surprise.Nica’s questioning gaze pulled over to my parents, intently listening for their choice.“Thanks, Veronica. But we stopped drinking.”, Annelise replied, leaving me speechless.“That stuff doesn’t really do much other than making you temporarily stupid.”, my father huffed.That was by far the last thing I was expecting, but I was more than happy with the outcome.Anna brought along her boyfriend, Drew, who was deep into a football conversation with George. He was a good guy and quiet like Anna was. The insect sisters sat at our table, chatting with an imposing minotaur who was apparently the 24th eldest sister of the Halloway household. As they saw us approach, the sisters jumped out of their seats. Hesitantly, Mel approached us before giving us a tight hug. Thinking about how far she had come, I couldn’t help but feel happy. She still had to deal with her germaphobia, but she seemed to get used to it.“Congratulations, you two!”, she yelped, followed by baffled handshakes from her sisters.
The party was a total success, leaving everybody full, satisfied, and happy. It was already getting late, when we sat together in a tight group. I wanted to show them something, and couldn’t wait for their reaction.“I made a present for you, Nica~”, I cooed, handing her a thin booklet.She looked at it, raising her eyebrow.“What is it?”“I made a photo album with everything we did together! Well… almost everything.”, I chuckled.Interested, Nica flipped it open, being greeted by the photos we made on our first date. They were quickly replaced by newer ones, showing my transformation bit by bit.Minerva had a questioning expression on her face, as she saw how I looked like before.“I have four succubus daughters. I’ve never seen something like this...”, she said, scratching her chin.Nica and I let out a bellowing laugh, catching her by surprise.“What is so funny?”“I’m an alp, Minerva.”, I chuckled.“Wait… that means you are… you were?”“Yes. I used to be a guy a year ago.”“That raises more questions than it gives answers.”, she said, exasperated.Nica continued to flip through the booklet until she arrived at the very end. The very last picture was blurry, black, and white. A couple of irregular shapes were depicted on it.“Sammy? What is this?”, she asked, seriously confused.“You know, Nica… I told you, I made a book with everything we made, yes?”“Yes but-”“It’s an ultrasound, dear.”, I quietly cooed into her ear.She locked up, staring at the picture in front of her. In the middle, almost invisible, was a tiny, figure, soon to be sporting a snake tail. Tears rolled down Nica’s cheek. A torrent of unbridled joy that she had no chance of stifling. She cried her heart out on my shoulder, sobbing thanks into my ear over and over.“What is it, dea-”, Minerva asked with a worried expression before she saw the picture, falling into a similar hysterical fit.My parents just stared at me in utter confusion, and I couldn’t stop giggling in elation.Adrian let out a chuckle, before turning to me.“Let’s just hope that Vonnie didn’t inherit my gambling addiction.”, he grinned with a mischievous smile.
It took Nica a while to recuperate from the experience, sighing in relief after I told her it was going to be okay. I would give her as many children as she desired. But then, a realization hit us.“Nica… We can’t-”“Keep it a secret anymore.”“Yep...”She took a deep breath, before rising from her seat.“Everyone, I have an announcement to make.”, she said with a reassuring smile, before slithering up to the stage.My eyes followed her. My goddess. My lover. My wife. I was so incredibly proud of her as she took the microphone in her hand. Things would be different for sure. Affectionately patting my belly, I was sure things would only get better from here.
  
    Chapter Text
    Many people were surprised by Nica’s reveal, but everyone was accepting of our situation. My mother was overwhelmed, learning that she soon would be a grandmother. She eagerly danced with my father, Annalise, and Nica’s parents to share her joy with everyone. George had a dumb grin on his face, jokingly guessing how many they would have. He immediately got dragged towards the bathrooms by Saskia, her eyes a burning crimson. I had been expecting for two months already when we tied the knot, coinciding with our wild night that we had shared. I hadn’t shown yet and Nica was too preoccupied with the wedding preparations to notice, but by the time we were ready for our honeymoon, the fruit of our love was clear to see. Nica insisted that we visit her parents on cyprus. I wasn’t surprised that they had an entire apartment complex for themselves. We even got a seaside bedroom that we were eager to use. The view out of our wide window was breathtaking, the calming oranges of the setting sun shining across the waves. I was not in the state of mind to appreciate the scenery, though, since my mind was fully set on worshipping the glorious poles rising high before me. Cross-eyed, I stared at her bulging shafts as I sensually licked them from top to bottom. The sweet scent of her essence left me so lightheaded that I couldn’t help but savor her with every lick. Looking at her with undisguised love and passion, I engulfed her member, quivering lightly while keeping eye contact. Her smooth tail gently comforted my rounded belly, cradling me for comfort as I began pleasuring her in earnest. Her rigid tool slowly slid down my throat, Nica’s fingers thoughtfully massaging the prominent bulge it caused. Her tongue slipped out of her lips as she tried to keep her instincts in check. I knew it. I felt it. She wanted to push me all the way down, but held herself back out of consideration for my well being, a behaviour I took so long to fuck out of her. With a playful yet annoyed grunt I lunged forward, swallowing her with lustful intent.“B-But Sammy! What about our-”I rolled my eyes, her tip still resting between my lips. I reached out for her hands, pulling them atop my head and pushing them down with fervor. I gagged slightly on it, but I wanted her to understand that it's going to be alright. I had a baby in my womb after all, not in my throat.Watching me willingly struggle on her thick shaft and looking deeply into my pleading eyes, she relented. With a lecherous grin she began to steadily slam my head into her crotch. Just how I liked it. Her massive girth stretched my throat, much to my delight.There was no greater feeling to me than to sheath her tools where they belonged. Letting me come up to hastily breath in some air, she lowered me back down onto her second shaft, burying it inside me until both were thoroughly slicked in spit and pulsing in my embrace.“S-Sammy… I’m about to...”I pulled out with a cheeky smile, opening my mouth as I frantically stroked her. With a loud groan she released her seed, glazing my face, my chest, and my swollen belly in a thick layer of her essence. I hummed in content, savoring the feeling for a moment before shakily rising to my feet.“That was just what I needed, dear~”, I cooed, staggering over to the bathroom to get myself situated.“Come into the shower with me. Let’s wash up and enjoy the sunset together. What do you think?”The warm glow of the sun traveling over the horizon shimmered in her golden eyes. She looked so happy, at peace. She nodded eagerly, rising from the bed before slithering after me.Gently, she cleaned me off, her slender fingers brushing her love down my chest as she gave me gentle kisses along my neck. I shuddered in her embrace, the warm water of the shower only strengthening my comfort. Her touch filled me with a fuzzy feeling, and I gave her a tender kiss in thanks when she dried me off with a fluffy towel.Since we were on vacation, we couldn’t really wear our usual “attire”, so we decided on wearing our swimsuits to combat the heat. Nica wore a bright green bikini top and beach mini skirt, matching her shining scales. I put on a black set that highlighted my rounded belly while still accentuating my curves. Clad in our less than modest attire, we headed out towards the piece of private beach just outside the window. Watching the waves break in the light, I sat down in the dunes.“T-This is beautiful, Nica! Did you really grow up here? Why would you ever leave?”, I exclaimed, awestruck at the scenery.“I wanted to follow my education, Sammy. Cyprus is nice and all, but it's a little light on the universities. My home is irreplaceable, but I still grew bored. A white beach is beautiful, yes, but if you see it every day of your life, it loses its charm rather quickly.”I looked at her in confusion. How could you ever get tired of this? Sitting on the warm sand, looking out to the sea, and enjoying the loving touch of one’s lover? This was heaven right here. I leaned into my wife, her tail loosely looping around me. Nica rested her chin on my head, lovingly stroking the fruit of our love with her delicate fingers.“It won’t be long, Nica. Have you already thought about how we name her?”, I whispered, turning my head and giving her a sweet kiss.Nica gave me a wide smile full of excitement.“What do you think of Iris? Or Mara?”I scratched my chin, thinking about her choices.“Mara sounds really nice, but we have to ask and see what she thinks. Right, little one? What do you think of Mara?~”, I said with a goofy grin, making Nica chuckle.Little Mara seemed to like her name though since a little shock coursed through me. Her tiny tail must be quite strong already! I looked back at Nica, tears streaming down her face. Her voice was choked with joy at the first message we got from our little girl.“Sammy, Mara… I love you both so much.”, she cried, hugging me tightly.I slumped into her, whispering sweet nothings into my wife’s ear and listening to the calming heartbeats of my family.My pregnancy proceeded without complications. By January, with the help of Sierra and her colleagues, we welcomed our little Mara into the world. I laid in the hospital bed, utterly exhausted as the tiny echidna clutched to my chest. I exchanged a silent vow with my wife, and we both knew that she would be only the beginning. Mara was a healthy bundle of joy, equally eager to receive her milk as her mother was. More than once did she have to share with Nica, who took a liking to my taste. To both of our surprise, Nica began to lactate too, shortly after Mara was born. We took turns in satisfying Mara’s and each other’s thirst, growing into a loving little family. My wife absolutely lost it when our daughter said her first word. Which ‘mommy’ she was talking about didn’t matter to us at all. Time flew by, Mara reaching six years of age so fast.We had settled into a comfortable family dynamic. Nica brought in the money. Meanwhile, I was the loving housewife and mother. I wouldn’t have it any other way. There was nothing more important for me than to see my family as happy as they could be. I was delighted with our new life. Although our sexlife took a hefty blow, we still engaged in many kinky activities whenever Mara wasn’t in earshot, but we couldn’t be quite as ‘extreme’ as we used to most of the time. Sadly, I was never able to go all the way with her like we did on my graduation night. Until now.Little Mara wanted to have a sleepover with her friends over the weekend, and I was already giddy at the implications. I knew that Nica was about to return from her office, so I slipped out of my clothes before donning Nica’s old apron. She long since had bought me my own, but it held so many wonderful memories.“I’m home!”, Nica chimed from the hallway, slithering into the living room.“Welcome back, honey~ Would you do your wife a favor?”With a seductive tone in my voice, I stepped over to her, my chest spilling out to the sides of the apron and my nethers barely covered. Nica froze up as she saw me, a lusty glint in her eyes before she looked around for our little girl.“Don’t worry, dear~ Mara will be at Saskia’s place for the weekend. She really wanted a sleepover with the twins”, I cooed, laying my hand on her toned stomach.Her eyes widened, her forked tongue hanging out of her mouth.“What can I do for you, my princess?”, she whispered with barely contained lust.I slid my hand along her body, from her stomach to her bountiful chest, all the way up until I came to rest below her chin, scritching it softly.“You know, Nica~ I want another child.”, I said sultrily before turning around, bracing my hands on the coffee table and pushing my exposed backside towards her.“Right here. Right now.”, I moaned, waving her over with a single finger.Nica licked her lips, her skirt ominously tenting at the sight of my quivering womanhood.“Ohhhh, Sammy. How could I refuse?~”She grabbed my waist firmly. I could feel her tail slowly coiling around my legs. The entire weekend merged into an endless wave of debauchery and pleasure that I almost had no recollection of. One thing I was sure of, though. Mara would have much fun with her energetic thunderbird sister growing within me.
  