“We’ve spotted Nefkara’s vanguard on the horizon, Empress.” Said the harpy.“Right on time,” chuckled Nauraea. One of her attendants cinched the straps of her ceremonial armor taut.While your captor finished dressing in her indestructible armor, you couldn’t help but feel a bit naked in your ornamental scale armor top and patterned waistcloth. Nauraea had insisted that there was no need for additional protection, as she would personally prevent anything from harming you. She had also informed you that it was pointless ‘since they were just coming off anyways.’“Tsakali! Is Sauritus standing by?” asked Nauraea.“She is. I’ve also made wedding preparations at the Temple of Eros for tomorrow.” Said the anubis.“Excellent! I was wondering if they were going to try to come to your aid, Anon. But it seems as if they finally understand that they are guests in my city.” You gulped. Whatever Nefkara did, she had better do it fast.“The sandworms are standing by. Shall I have them engage?” asked Tsakali.“No, keep them far enough away to avoid detection. I need the whore to commit before I crush her.” Said Nauraea.“Very good, Empress. I suggest you begin making your way to the wall.” Said Tsakali.“A splendid idea. Come, Anon,” commanded Nauraea.By now, you could see evidence that Nefkara’s army was approaching. A cloud of harpies and griffons darkened the sky over the wall in the distance, wheeling about the sky in formations as they awaited the order to attack.Nauraea led you through the palace to the courtyard and loaded you into a chariot and proceeded down the main road to the central gate. Your mind was racing, desperately trying to think of a way to escape in the eleventh hour. It was going to come down to fighting, no doubt about it now. And you were far outclassed. Any one of the hundreds of battlemages swarming through the streets towards the walls would be enough to hinder or halt you, and to even get to them you would have to disengage from one of the most powerful creatures on the continent. But unless Nefkara could lower the barrier, fleeing wasn’t an option. Unless…You channeled a bit of power into your palms. The hair on your arms raised as the static sensation of magic filled your limbs. Maybe Nauraea wasn’t as omniscient as she suspected. She may have planned this entire plot months in advance, but that didn’t mean that she hadn’t overlooked anything. The barrier, for instance, had been attuned to your spirit energy in just a few days. A hasty job, and since its efficacy hadn’t been tested beyond the initial trial of you walking out a gate, there was no reason to believe that Nauraea had reinforced the barrier. And if it was just your spirit energy that was keeping you trapped, wouldn’t that mean that escape would be as simple as getting rid of it? It stood to reason that something without your spirit energy could fly through unimpeded.“Tsakali, send up an extra squad of harpies to keep an eye on those Eros cultists. I don’t like how many of them are up there…” said Nauraea, eyeing the circling cupids, hori, and gandharvas. The dutiful cultists were doing their best to dissuade any aggression, flying to and fro begging the soldiers to put down their arms and resolve things peacefully in the name of Eros. A few even flew in from outside the city, both Nefkara’s and Nauraea’s cultists corroborating to put an end to the dispute.“Treacherous zealots…” hissed Nauraea, watching a flock of cupids fly back over the wall. You looked up into the miasma of winged beasts, but nowhere in the menagerie did you see a friendly face.The walls were getting closer. Looks like it was time to play your last card; it wasn’t as if you had much to lose. If you plan worked, you would have a small chance to be saved by Nefkara’s army. If it didn’t… Well, at least Nauraea wouldn’t be able to milk you for much. Your hands flared as you prepared to jump. Nauraea instantly noticed.“Don’t even think about-“Her threat was cut short as you summoned a seesaw made of wards and slammed down on the far end. The force shot you into the air and blew the front of the chariot to smithereens. Monsters shrieked as you shot past them. Nauraea roared in anger behind you. Readying another seesaw of wards, you slammed down onto it and shot forward again. Your personal wards tingled as Nauraea tried to grab you with magic. Twisting in the air, you launched a bolt of magic back at her to disrupt the spell as you spiraled through the air.A volley of other spells rocked your wards as nearby mages unleashed on you. Their bombardment quickly abated as Nauraea called them off. Ignoring them, you blasted a harpy trying to intercept you and continued your rampage towards the wall. Midair, you leaned back and launched a massive shot of magic skyward. Nefkara had better be ready…In less than a minute, you were almost at the wall. Nauraea’s aerial troops had learned to give you a wide berth after you had zapped a few of them out of the air. Your limbs were on fire. All the spells you had been casting were quickly catching up with you, and there wasn’t much mana left in your body. Freedom was within your grasp. Pouring every once of magic you had into your searing arms, you prepared to launch yourself over the wall. Everything came down to this spell. You prayed that your training had given you the strength to succeed. The air crackled as you slammed your magic down to catapult yourself skyward. Something tickled your ankle.Your body jolted. Nerves screamed in agony. It felt like you were being torn in two. The astronomical force of your upwards momentum was stultified by an equally strong tug in the opposite direction. With no remaining mana, you were powerless to stop your fall. You fell like a ragdoll towards the streets below. Another lurch stopped your body just above the paving stones. All you could do was stare at the dim Apliseline sun above you. Your chest rose and fell in deep, haggard breaths. Nauraea’s minions circled around you, still hesitant to approach you for fear of getting blasted like their comrades. You flexed your hands. There wasn’t enough strength left in your body to make a fist. The wheels of a chariot clattered towards you. You shut your eyes, praying for some miracle. Nauraea’s scales made a sibilant purr as she slithered towards you.“Anon, Anon, Anon… Trying to flee from your betrothed the day before our wedding to run off with some harlot? How shameful. Maybe the humans of your world could be so disloyal, but we mamono don’t tolerate such artifice.” Nauraea snapped her fingers, dropping you the last few inches onto the stone. Her sneering face blotted out the sun, surrounded by a brilliant aureole. “I admit, you get farther than I had anticipated. Any farther, and you would have been beyond my reach. I wonder, would you have cleared the wall? Oh well, I suppose we’ll never know.” Nauraea bent to pick you up. Cradling you in her arms, she gave you a reassuring smile. Her yellow eyes stared into yours. That perennial conniving glint still twinkled in those hypnotizing amber irises, but there was something more today. A confidence that hadn’t been present, even when she gloated of her impending victory. Nauraea’s face softened. For a moment, you saw a look of genuine affection. It was almost disconcerting to see such a powerful woman show you such a vulnerable face. She sneered, revealing her dripping fangs. “There there, husband. No need to apologize; I forgive you. You’ll have plenty of time to make it up to me. In fact, you can start right now~”Nauraea lifted your head with the crook of her arm. She pressed her plum-colored lips to yours. The feeling of her serpentine tongue forcing its way past your lips sent a shock through your body. An acrid taste spread across your palate as drops of venom slid down your throat. You stifled a moan. A fire began to spread through your being. Your dick snapped to attention at the behest of the unnatural toxin. Nauraea’s tongue coiled around yours, dragging it out of your mouth when she broke the kiss. She released your battered tongue, licking her lips clean. Nauraea giggled, prodding your waistcloth with the tip of her tail.“Come Anon, let’s show Nefkara our love~” cooed Nauraea.You could hear the battle begin above you. Winged monsters from either side chased each other through the air. The air crackled and shook as spells impacted the barrier. Nauraea paid the chaos no mind, casually slithering up the stairs of the wall with you resting in her arms. She began to hum a tune. Harpies and griffons began to dive towards you, desperate to seize you before Nauraea could drain you. The apophis didn’t flinch. She shifted you in her arms to flick her wrists, scattering the incoming assailants. Whatever skirmishers Nefkara had sent, they were no match for a veritable goddess. The sun shone brightly at the boundary between the barrier and the outside world. Rolling your head to the side, you could see Nefkara’s army positioned around the city. The pharaoh sat on a palanquin, standing above the other soldiers. Nauraea stood atop the arch over the main gate to Apliseline, enjoying the natural stage it created. A horn sounded from the approaching army. Above you, Nefkara’s soldiers beat a hasty retreat back towards their own ranks. The barrages of magic ceased.“As much as I hate her, I can’t say that she isn’t civil,” mused Nauraea. A booming voice, enhanced by magic, rang out across battlefield. “Nauraea! You are outmatched! Surrender that human, and I will not raze Apliseline to the ground!” roared the pharaoh.Nauraea chuckled and wove a quick spell. Her own voice echoed through the desert. “Is it not unbecoming of a Queen to be so disingenuous? Surely standing there, you know yourself to be outwitted. My army stands larger and stronger than the militia you managed to rally, and I now hold the key to turning the tide of this endless stalemate!” Nauraea grabbed the back of your neck, holding you up for Nefkara to see. “He lacks the power to supplement your weakness, snake. Submit to me, and I may yet let you keep him. Otherwise, the light of the sun shall scour you from this world!” said Nefkara.“You seek to placate me with such hollow threats?! With his essence, you will be undone! After all these centuries, night will finally reign supreme over the Capsalisma desert! These barren sands will blossom into a haven of debauchery, where monsters can fulfil their purpose! No more shall the sun oppress us; we will be free!”“Your freedom will extend only as far as the bars of your cell, worm!”“Then come, daughter of the sun! Make good on your promises and take my city!” roared Nauraea.The less-that-amicable negotiations were ended by another sharp blow of the horn. Nefkara’s casters began their siege again. The ground rumbled as the pharaoh’s army began to march forward. A few sandworms reared out of the dunes, only to burrow back under. Nauraea cackled with glee.“Look at them come! Lambs to the slaughter. Time to show them what REAL power is, husband~” Nauraea flicked her hand. Your clothes fell away, exposing you to the incoming army. “Kiss me, prince~”Nauraea embraced you, stuffing her tongue into her mouth. You whimpered pitifully as a moan rattled down your throat. Her tail coiled around you. The taste of her venom began to make your head swim. Slowly, the sounds of the battle around you began to fade. Your head throbbed in time with your heartbeat. All you could hear and feel was Nauraea violating you with her kiss. Just as you thought you were going to go insane, she separated herself from you. She began planting small pecks on your cheek, trailing down towards your throat as she spoke. “I love you, Anon. And I promise that once this war is over, you’ll be the happiest man in the world. I’ll pamper you every day. You’re the most precious thing in the world to me. If it really did come down to it, I would even let that harlot take my beautiful empire if it meant getting to keep you. But right now, I need to be greedy. So please, forgive your wife for being weak. And Anon? Make sure you scream for me~”Nauraea sank her teeth into your neck. Searing poison shot through your veins. You obeyed her command, uttering an impassioned scream as the aphrodisiac flooded your body. This time, Nauraea didn’t hold back. Her fangs continued to envenom you for what felt like hours. Your erection raged. The friction between your body and hers was enough to push you to the brink. By the time she pulled her fangs free from your skin, she had to hold your head up to keep you from slumping over.“Shh, shh… You’re safe now, my prince. Come, be one with me. Fulfil your destiny; we unite the sands as we unite our bodies.”Nauraea’s tender words were lost in the sea of lust roiling inside your venom-addled mind. You nearly came in her hand when she grabbed your shaft. Her other hand gently tilted your chin towards her. You looked into her eyes. The weight of the world seemed to fall off your shoulders. All the panic, fear, anger, nervousness, anticipation, and hope seemed to dissipate from your body. An overwhelming feeling of rightness permeated your very soul. Your very own nirvana, here in Nauraea’s coils. Her eyes were brimming with love and pride. Right now, she didn’t look like an immortal tyrant about to turn the tide in an eternal war of order and chaos; she looked like a woman who was deeply in love with you, overjoyed to share this tender moment with you. Nauraea slowly guided your cock towards her slit. With a gentle contraction of her coils, she pulled you into her depths.The pleasure was enough to push you to the verge of a blackout. You clenched your arms around her torso. Nauraea gave an appreciative purr, pleased by your elicited display of affection. She guided your head to her shoulder, resting her own head on yours. Her body began to undulate rhythmically, driving your hips together. There was no way that you could hope to hold out. Between the conflagration in your veins, Nauraea’s plush body pressed against yours, and the weeks without release, it was impossible for you to keep yourself from cumming. Your screams stifled and hitched as the orgasm began to rock your body. Nauraea quickly shifted her head to pull you into another obtrusive kiss. She constricted you again, this time keeping you locked within her depths. One of her hands grabbed a fistful of your hair, forcing you to hold the kiss while you whimpered in her mouth. Strength drained from your body. Another wave of ecstasy ripped through your being. Nauraea’s cunt worked feverishly to milk you for all you were worth. The world shifted and lurched as your vision began to fade.“Oh YES! Give it to me, husband! Show that whore she isn’t the only one who can find love!” panted Nauraea.You slumped against her, drained and exhausted. It felt like you had just finished back-to-back marathons. All you wanted to do was rest here against Nauraea’s soft body forever. The sun was beating down on your bare skin. Venom still surged through your veins. But Nauraea was so cool, so welcoming.“Rest, my prince. This will be over soon.” Nauraea gave you a chaste kiss on your forehead, easing you out of her coils.Two of Nauraea’s royal guard slithered over to collect you. Nauraea armored herself once again. You could sense a change in the air. A dark, pulsing sensation that radiated from the apophis. Nauraea flipped her hands over, holding her palms aloft. Inky blackness began to coalesce in her hands. Winds whipped across the dunes. The air began to crackle and spit. A low hum began to shake the armor of the soldiers carrying you away. Nauraea cackled manically. Thrusting her hands skyward, she shot a bolt of darkness into the sky. An aureole of darkness formed around the sun, a reverse eclipse. Soldiers across the battlefield stopped in their tracks to witness the perversion of cosmic balance. Veins of blackness began to creep inward, forming a chaotic lattice across the sun. Nefkara gave her retort by blasting her own beam of light towards the heavens. Nauraea swore, redoubling her efforts to blot out the sun as Nefkara began to burn away the web of chaos. The mayhem on the battlefield resumed. Sandworms clad in realm-silver plates burst out of the dunes to clash with Nefkara’s army. The pharaoh’s sandworms wheeled around to protect the infantry. Unable to process the pandemonium around you, you hung your head and accepted your fate.~~~~~~~~“Drink this.” Sauritus pushed another flask to your lips. You grumbled, begrudgingly accepting the fresh draught.The lamia court physician had been hard at work tending to you after Nauraea drained you. After more potions, powders, salves, tonics, and teas than you could count, you were trapped in an uncomfortable limbo between wakefulness and sleep. Nauraea’s mana still lingered in your body, filling you with an uncomfortable malaise. Though you desperately wanted to be able to close your eyes and rest, Sauritus insisted that you had to be awake for her examination. You listened to the waning sounds of the battle outside. The explosions and clamor had slowly waned over the course of the day, fading to a soft murmur here in the palace. You wondered who was winning.“Yes, the Lady’s mana has taken well to you. As if you were fated for one another,” mused Sauritus.“Will I get sick again?” you croaked.“I can’t say for certain. If I had to hazard a guess, I would suspect that a sufficient dose of Nauraea’s mana could still make you ill, but I highly doubt that she could kill you in the conjugal sack. Not magically, I should say.”You hummed an affirmation. That was nice. Horns blared outside. Sauritus perked up.“Good news, Lord! It would seem our Lady has won!”Won? Oh, right. The war. Good for them, you supposed. Winning was nice.“Can I sleep now?” you yawned.“Yes, majesty. I suggest that you sleep while you still can. I should think that Lady Nauraea will be very eager to reunite with her once she finishes concluding the battle.” Sauritus helped you up off the stone dais you were resting on. Slowly, she helped you wobble towards Nauraea’s room.~~~~~~~~The sun was too close. Hot sand buried your hand as your cracked, blistering palms pressed into the searing grains. What little sweat your body could still produce rolled off your burnt skin. You looked up at the sky again. The infernal star radiated heat down onto you without relent. It took up half the sky, scouring the life from this world with its uncaring luminance. You were going to die here. Hot air stung your desiccated lips and mouth with every breath, swirling into your dusty lungs. It took every ounce of energy left in your wasting form not to give in and collapse into the broiling dune you were keeled over on.The light changed. Slowly, a shadow crept over the desert. Like a cloud passing in front of the sun, a wave of relief passed over you. You glanced up to see what was blocking the sky. To your shock, the sun wasn’t being obstructed; it was moving. The ball raced towards the horizon at a fantastic pace. It traveled from its zenith to the edge of the world in mere minutes. The sand around you began to cool in the evening air. You sat back, resting on your knees watching the sky fade to orange and red. A noise behind you caught your attention. You turned around, terrified at what manner of unnatural creature may have come to finish you in your hour of weakness. Nauraea was standing behind you. She held a chalice in her hand. The apophis bent down, offering you the cup. You greedily took it from her, swallowing as much as you could drink. No matter how far you tilted it back, it never seemed to deplete. Only when you could drink no more did the final drops slip into your mouth. You let the chalice fall to the dunes. Nauraea stood next to you, watching the sun set. Strength began to fill your body as the water began to circulate through you. The last rays of the sun wavered and slipped below the horizon. A billion stars made themselves known, emboldened by the absence of the oppressive light of the sun. You stared in wonderment at the pinpricks of luminescence above you. As your eyes roamed over the heavens, you caught Nauraea staring at you. The wonders of creation were surrounding her, and she was preoccupied with some dying wretch in the desert. She smiled. A desert breeze lifted her hair. She was stunning; an immaculate being surrounded by equally perfect heavenly bodies. Light from the full moon left nothing of her form to the imagination. Slowly, Nauraea reached out a hand to comb a lock of sandy hair out of your face…~~~~~~~~~You awoke with a start. Nauraea was standing over you. She blenched at your sudden movement.“I’m sorry, love! I thought you were asleep. You just looked so peaceful, I…” Nauraea’s quiet explanation trailed off.You rubbed your eyes. It must have taken Nauraea a long time to finish the fight. Day had long since passed by now. The moonlight coming in through the window revealed the dents, slashes, and holes in Nauraea’s panoply. She looked almost as tired as you.“Go back to sleep, Anon. I’ll join you after I wash up,” assured Nauraea.You closed your eyes. After a few minutes, you felt Nauraea slither into bed next to you. She coiled around you, planting a tender kiss on your cheek. “Things will be different now, you’ll see.”You hummed affirmatively. All that mattered right now was getting some sleep.~~~~~~~~~Your breath faltered. An unbearable pressure was crushing you. Your eyes shot open. Nauraea was mid-stretch, tail compressing your ribs into a wafer as she flexed the monstrous muscle. She quickly noticed your gasps and unclenched her tail.“Oh! I’m so sorry! I wasn’t awake yet!” Nauraea rolled you out of her tail onto the bed.You coughed and sputtered, trying to get air back into your collapsed lungs. Nauraea rubbed your back. Shirking her touch, you looked outside. The stars had disappeared, but the sky was still an inky blue.“Oh, you noticed, hmm? Isn’t it beautiful?” asked Nauraea. She slithered over to the balcony.In spite of the absence of the sun, the city of Apliseline was bathed in an unnatural glow. Silver light pervaded the spaces between buildings, illuminating the crowds of reveling monsters below. Most went about their business as if nothing was out of the ordinary. In fact, most seemed to appreciate the supernaturally long night. Seeing a denizen of Apliseline take her man on the street was a common sight to see in Apliseline. But now, under the veil of eternal night, monsters savaged men wherever they pleased. A chorus of lurid moans replaced the occasional sounds of a conspicuous tryst.“Ahh, do you hear that? Look at how happy we have made our people,” crooned Nauraea. She placed her hands on your shoulders, gently kissing your cheek.“Get off of me,” you said, trying to wriggle free from her.Nauraea gave an amused snort. “Don’t tell me you haven’t come to terms with your fate.”“You used me!” you spat.Nauraea seemed taken aback by your caustic accusation. “Used you? Our joining was an act of love, ordained by fate itself! Your place was always at my side, in my care.” She wrapped you up in her coils. You struggled against her. The fatigue from your envenoming quickly sapped the fight from your bones. “Anon, please. Cease this nonsense. Your struggling was endearing when you first arrived, but it’s time to accept me. It worries me to see you like this. You aren’t truly angry, are you?” said Nauraea.“Of course I am! You kidnapped me! You used me as a {battery} to fulfill your own selfish desires! You never cared about me; about what I wanted! This isn’t love, it was an abduction!” you said, writhing in her coils.Nauraea frowned. “But… we made love. I gave you the gift of my venom. Is this not an act? Surely you don’t resent me,” said Nauraea.“How could I not?” you panted.Nauraea looked surprised by your defiance. Her eyes flitted from side to side, as if trying to deduce whether this was a long-running ruse, or true antipathy. She looked at you again. You stared back into those burning yellow eyes, wreathed in darkness. Nauraea flinched. Again, you saw the rare glimpse of vulnerability from the tyrant of the desert. She caressed your cheek. You pulled your head away from her touch. Nauraea glared at you. Her coils clenched around you, eliciting a grunt of discomfort from you. She released you, letting you fall to the ground.“I see. Well, I must attend to my newfound duties as empress. If you’ll excuse me, husband,” said Nauraea, the last word oozing with spite. Nauraea slithered away, leaving you clutching your chest trying to catch your breath.~~~~~~~~“Three more settlements now fly your banner, my Liege,” said Tsakali. “Marvelous,” said Nauraea. Her nails rapped rhythmically against the armrests of her throne. Though she should be ecstatic that her dominion was expanding, Nauraea maintained her terse, uninterested demeanor. Tsakali was either unaware of her queen’s tetchy attitude, or too excited by the influx of fresh data to care. Her tail wagged at lightning speed as she began to drone on about the projected tax revenue from a new oasis town. You were stuck lounging in Nauraea’s coils. Neither of you dared to look at the other, and you could feel how tense her body was. No doubt she could feel the same stiffness in you. The rest of the court, not as enthralled by statistics as Tsakali, was equally uncomfortable watching you and your “wife.” Having her entire royal retinue bear witness to this lover’s spat must be mortifying for Nauraea. In the midst of Tsakali’s report, a cupid quietly stepped into the atrium and stood against the wall. Nauraea perked up. Her tail shifted underneath you, nearly throwing you off. You had to cling onto her to prevent yourself from falling off. “Very good, Tsakali. Write up a report and send it to my quarters,” said Nauraea, cutting Tsakali off midsentence.“O-oh, of course, Your Highness. Is there anything else you’d like me to-“ “No. You are dismissed, Tsakali.” Nauraea waved her away. She pointed to the cupid. “You, servant of Eros. Step forward.”The cupid stepped up to the throne, giving a small bow. You smirked, knowing that such a weak display of fealty would sting Nauraea’s inflated ego.“You asked for a servant of Eros, Lady Nauraea. I have come to obey that summons,” said the cupid.“Yes, yes. Very good. Fortunate that it was one of you; I need you to shoot my husband,” said Nauraea. She rolled you into her arms with her coils.“What?!” you began thrashing around in her arms.“You see?! Even with my gift coursing through his veins, he still finds the will to resist me! His alien physiology must reject my venom; you must use your magics to make him properly infatuated with me,” demanded Nauraea.“I will not,” the cupid replied curtly.“You what?! Insolent wretch, you will do as your queen commands! I control the Capsalisma; who are you to stand against me?!” roared Nauraea.“I am a soldier of Eros. Who are you to invoke the name of our Lady?” The cupid’s voice was cold.Nauraea faltered. Her teeth grinded against each other. A small huff of exasperation fell out of her mouth. “I meant no disrespect towards your precious Lady, soldier of Eros. I merely question why one who allegedly makes love the central tenet of their life would refuse my request to facilitate love. Is it not counter intuitive to deny me affection? Does it not seem rather disingenuous to so brazenly go against what you proport to stand for?” asked Nauraea.“Love? It is by the grace of Eros alone that you have not been riddled with lead arrows, Nauraea. I will not work to foster undeserved ardor,” said the cupid.“You would go against everything your deity stands for to spite me?”“Your plight has not fallen upon deaf ears, Nauraea. Eros knows of your pain; she merely ignores them,” said the cupid.“Ignores them?!” roared Nauraea.“You are being tested, Nauraea. You ensnared Anon against his will, and now it falls to you to ensnare his heart. There will be no divine intervention on your behalf, your Highness. ”Nauraea blustered and sputtered. Her face-tinged violet with embarrassment. As much as you loved seeing her squirm, you knew even so much as a smirk would be a death sentence.“Get out! I’ll expel your whole cult from my city! From my lands! I’ll drive you from the Capsalisma!” shouted Nauraea.The cupid snorted. “And be cursed by Eros? I think not, Majesty. Never forget that there is REAL divinity watching over you. And you test its patience.” Nauraea glowered at the cupid. The servant of Eros sighed. Her face softened, now more pitying than angry. “Take heart, Nauraea. The seed of love will grow, if you have the will and patience to tend to it.” The cupid gave another bow and strode out of the atrium. You flinched at the sibilant scrape of Nauraea’s nails over her armrest. “Tsakali! Levy a tax against the church of Eros. Make it heavy. Say that it’s to cover war debts,” fumed Nauraea.“My Lady, is that wise? To provoke Eros would mean-““This is MY domain, Tsakali. Eros may have a hand in it, but I am the ruler of these lands. Make it so.”Tsakali pursed her lips. “Yes, Lady Nauraea.”Nauraea tried to grab you. You squirmed away from her.“Anon, not NOW,” hissed Nauraea.You allowed her to wrap a hand around your waist, hoisting you up to sit higher on her tail. Her nails began feverishly running through your hair. You sat in quiet contempt. Best to let her vent her frustrations, lest you incur her wrath later. The next supplicant approached the throne. You settled in for another long court session, idly watching the tip of Nauraea’s tail flick back and forth in indignation.~~~~~~~~~~“The NERVE of those harlots. How DARE they treat me like that! They’ve gone too far this time!” You kept your hands clasped together. Nauraea downed another chalice of wine. She slithered back and forth, bristling about the indignity she had suffered at the hands of the cupid. You took a sip of wine yourself; if you were going to be forced to listen to her rant, you might as well be drunk. “Can you believe them, Anon? After all I’ve done for them! Fools, I’m the one who understands what Eros wants. Love shouldn’t be some prudish affair behind closed doors, it should be wild and free! Love IS chaos!” Nauraea looked at you, no doubt expecting you to validate her. Seeing your reticence, she pouted. You glowered at her. “Anon, love, is something wrong?” asked Nauraea.“Nothing more than usual,” you grumbled.“Anon, please. The time to be upset is over. We’re married now; it’s time for you to start treating me like your wife, not your jailor,” huffed Nauraea.“I’ll stop treating you like a warden when you stop acting like one!” you retorted.Nauraea finished her cup again. You could see the flush of mauve against her lavender skin. “You don’t mean that. You love me. I’ve felt all those erections you’ve tried to hide while you’re wrapped in my tail.”“My dick isn’t a reflection of my opinion of you. Otherwise Sauritus would have to prescribe me something to get hard enough to piss,” you said.Nauraea glared at you. She tossed her cup aside and slithered towards you. You scrambled out of your chair. Nauraea smirked at your fear. “Come here.” You continued to back pedal, trying to avoid her groping hands. “Anon, you’re making me angry! Come here, I won’t ask again!” Nauraea made another swipe at you. Ducking under her arm, you tried to dive past her towards the door. Nauraea’s serpentine reflexes snapped her arms around you with ineluctable swiftness. “There we- Hey! Stop squirming! Just, calm down!” hissed Nauraea. The fight was squeezed from your body as Nauraea tightened her grip. “That’s it… shh, shh… Let’s go get some, umph, fresh air, shall we?” Nauraea drunkenly slithered over to the terrace.The wind blew at your hair, carrying with it the scent of alcohol and baking meals from down below. At times like this, you wished Nauraea was warmer. She wasn’t frigid, but never more than lukewarm unless she had spent all night warming herself with your body. You both stood panting, Nauraea’s arms wrapped around your stomach. “There. Isn’t this nice? Looking out over our domain? You helped make this possible, you know. You should be proud, Anon. Our love will breathe new life into the Capsalisma.”“Our ‘love’ couldn’t blow away a sheet of paper,” you said dryly.Nauraea’s nails began to dig into your skin. “I ordered you to stop saying things like that.”“If you really cared about me, you wouldn’t have to order me at all,” you said.Nauraea spun you around, shoving you against the balustrade. She seized your shoulders, your torso leaning awkwardly over the railing. Neither of you said anything. You glared up into her yellow eyes. Nauraea appraised you with cold indifference. You couldn’t tell what she was thinking. Her head drunkenly swung side to side, trying to keep you in focus. She smirked.“You like this, don’t you? Playing hard to get. Otherwise, you wouldn’t behave like this,” said Nauraea.“It’s not playing hard to get. I just hate you,” you said.“Lies. I know you love me. All those glances you steal at me. How you press yourself against me when we sleep to comfort yourself with my body. The care you put into polishing every scale on my body when we bathe. I would reciprocate that tender adoration of yours, if you would only let me…”Nauraea’s tongue lolled out of her mouth. A trickle of venom ran down her chin. She began to lean in for a kiss. Not if you had anything to say about it. You thrust a hand into her face, shoving her back. Nauraea growled, grabbing your wrist. Her feminine appearance beguiled her monstrous strength, and she easily pinned your hand to the balustrade. More of her weight bore down on you, pinning your body to the railing. You could smell the wine on her breath as she came closer. “Won’t you let me show you kindness, husband?~” cooed Nauraea. Her plum-colored tongue made a languid stroke up your cheek. You grimaced. Nauraea chuckled. “Hmm, just how you like it, then? Resisting to the bitter end~” Nauraea brought her lips to yours. After a few sloppy jousts with her lips, she locked her face with yours and tried to force her tongue past your lips. Enough was enough. As the writhing appendage cleared your gums, you bit down on the forked invader. Not hard, but hard enough to get your point across.Nauraea yelped, recoiling with lightning speed. Her hands clutched her mouth. She stuck out her tongue, running a finger across it to check for blood. “You insolent worm! How dare you?! You dare harm your queen?! Your wife?!” roared Nauraea.“I harmed the whore who ruined my life!” you shouted.Magic wrenched you off your feet. Nauraea had you by your throat, dangling you over the edge of the terrace. The rage you saw in her eyes sparked genuine fear in you for the first time in a long time. If ever a monster was going to kill a human, now would be the time. Slowly, the fury in her eyes dwindled, and the grip on your neck loosened. Nauraea hovered you back onto the terrace, dumping you at her tail.“Since you seem so adamant about me being your captor, I see no reason to deny you your fantasy. You can live in the dungeon from now on. I’ll have the guards escort you to your new quarters. They’re more than a treacherous rat like you deserves, but it will have to do.” Nauraea snapped her fingers. Two lamia slithered in. “Take this thing to the dungeon. From this moment onward, he is to be treated as a prisoner. You will no longer answer to his decrees, nor will you entertain his demands or pleas. Is that clear?”The lamia squirmed. For a human, this was lunacy, for a monster, even worse. Still, the loyalty Nauraea had inculcated into the lamia paid off. “Yes, your Highness.”The guards helped you to your feet. Nauraea didn’t bother to look at you as she slithered off to her room.~~~~~~~~~The sound of scales against stone roused you from your trance. Sleeping on this mound of dank hay would take more exhaustion than this. Pulling your arm off your face, you squinted through the darkness of the dungeon to see who had arrived. Just a lamia. You winced. Only a few hours in this box and already you had developed a crick in your neck. Some way to treat your husband, Nauraea. The guard pulled a keyring from her belt, unlocking your cell without a word.“What’s going on?” you asked. Had Nauraea decided to double down on your punishment? Was there something worse than this?“You are to come with me at once, Lord Anon,” said the lamia.“This ought to be good,” you grumbled.“My lord, please. Lady Nauraea is already repentant enough without you throwing salt in the wound. I know it is not my place, but I beseech you not to antagonize her; for ALL our sakes,” sighed the guard.You rolled your eyes. Given Nauraea, it was a coin toss whether she was bawling her eyes out or preparing to make this the worst night of your life. You silently trudged along behind the lamia as she escorted you to Nauraea’s chambers. The quiet sound of sobbing emanated from within. Steeling yourself, you allowed the lamia to shove you through the door. Nauraea’s head shot up from the pillow she was crying into. Her face was a mess of tears and running eyeliner. Strands of hair were plastered in abstract patterns across her cheeks. You noted the open wine bottle on the table in the center of the room.“Anon!”Nauraea slithered out of bed to greet you, only to faceplant onto the stone floor. Unphased by the impact, she picked herself back up. One of the many sights that would never cease to amaze you in this new world was the sight of a drunken lamia. Nauraea’s body lurched and swayed, reminiscent of the boxing dummies filled with sand at the bottom. Just when you thought she was about to hit the ground, her powerful abdominal muscles would snap her back up. You made no effort to resist her as she lunged at you. The sensation of her slimy face smearing your chest made you grimace.“Anon! I was so lonely!” Nauraea slurred. “I- I couldn’t sleep, so I figured a drink would help me sleep, but I couldn’t sleep, and my head started to hurt, and I miss you.” Nauraea’s speech deteriorated over the course of the sentence, culminating in a rattling sob as she finished. “I’m sorry I threw you in the dungeon…”“Yeah. Me too. Can we go to bed? I’m tired,” you said.“Mmhmm,” Nauraea cooed into you. You helped her over to the bed, tossing as much of her torso as you could move onto the mattress. Nauraea dragged you down with her, refusing to let you go. Knowing that you weren’t going to sleep until Nauraea had her way, you laid next to her and let her coil around you.“It was so cold without you,” whined Nauraea.“I’m sure it was.” You shut your eyes and tried to fall asleep before she could drunkenly pester you again.“Did you miss me?” asked Nauraea.“No.”Nauraea began to wail. “Why are you so MEAN?! I try so hard to make you love me, and all I get is SPITE!”“You threw me in a dungeon!” you said.“That wasn’t my fault!” Nauraea devolved into a blubbering mess. Sleep was now woefully out of reach with an apophis crying into your ear and her coils loosening and clenching in time with her sobs. You lay there in silence, Nauraea quietly sniffling around you. “Anon, why do you never tell me that you love me?”“Because I don’t,” you said.“That isn’t true! I know that isn’t true! I love you so much, and I’ve been able to do so much with you here, even though it’s only been a few weeks! But no matter what I do, you always brush it off! You’re NEVER impressed with ANYTHING I do! I gave you the desert on a silver platter, and you’re still whining about a dungeon!” moaned Nauraea. “I don’t know what you want!”“I wanted my freedom!” you said.“But I wanted you! Why do YOU get to be greedy, but I don’t?” whined Nauraea.“Because when I’m greedy, other people don’t get hurt!”“I never meant to hurt you. I just wanted you to be happy. I’ve been alone for so long… When I heard the rumors about a mage in the north, one from a different world, I thought I could bring you in and make you my own. I studied your language and customs for days! The more I read about your culture, the more I thought you of all people would understand what I was doing. Your world is savage and cruel; it’s a world of bloodshed and hardship. I thought you would feel right at home in the company of a conqueror…” Nauraea sighed. “I see now that I was mistaken.” She gave a brief pause, as if to give you a moment to speak. When you didn’t, she went back to interrogating you. “Anon, when you came here, you fought to escape as though your life depended on it when you learned that I was an apophis. Tell me, what did you hear about us that made you struggle so?”“That you were tyrannical rapists, hellbent on conquering the world and plunging it into eternal night. That you would use your venom to sedate me until my brain was an aphrodisiac laden slurry incapable of forming a thought that didn’t revolve around you,” you said.Nauraea’s fingers dug deeper into your skin with each accusation. “And where did you hear all this?”“A book. And some accounts of other monsters,” you said.“But… there must have been some good things too, yes?”Sure, most would probably argue that most apophis, (Apophi? You should figure that out now that you were living with one), could be considered doting and committed spouses if the encyclopedia entry was anything to go off of. But you didn’t think that telling Nauraea that she would probably devolve into a sex obsessed fiend who slowly lost control of the kingdom as she succumbed to her nascent fellatio addiction would comfort her right now. “I suppose there were a few things that weren’t wholly abhorrent,” you conceded.Nauraea gave a small gasp. “Really? Like what?”Oh Eros, you did NOT want to spend the rest of your night, the rest of your NIGHT-night, gluing the bits of Nauraea’s shattered ego back together. “I’ll tell you in the morning.”“What?! No! I need to know now! I command you to tell me!” hissed Nauraea.“You really want to know?! Fine! Everyone said that apophis didn’t KEEP THEIR HUSBANDS UP ALL NIGHT DRUNKENLY ASKING THEM QUESTIONS!” you roared.Nauraea’s body shot away from you, cowering behind a pillow. “…Did they truly say such a thing?”“No! Now let me sleep!” You tried to kick your way out of her coils, only to find that with so much Nauraea to be spread across the bed, there was nowhere left on the mattress that wasn’t occupied by snake tail. Building yourself a wall of pillows and pettiness, you hooked your legs over a segment of her tail and went to sleep.~~~~~~~~~Nauraea’s moaning roused you from your slumber.“By the moon, my head! What happened?” mewled Nauraea.“You got drunk,” you said.“Ooohhh… This is your fault!” snarled Nauraea.“Me?!”“You drive me to drink!”“And you drive me insane. Now get off of me, I’m getting breakfast.” You started pounding on her tail. Nauraea hissed and released you.“Some husband you turned out to be… Go tell the cooks to prepare me something,” growled Nauraea.You shoved her tail away and rolled out of bed. The guards snapped to attention as you passed. Meandering through the halls, you found your way to the dining room.“Lord Anon! I was wondering if you were going to rise today! Err, tonight. Is there anything I can prepare for you?” asked the satyros  cook.“Bacon for me, if you have it. And a mushroom omelet, if it wouldn’t be too much trouble,” you said.“Of course, milord. Did Lady Nauraea mention anything of her own meal, by any chance?”“She said she wasn’t hungry,” you said.“Well, after all the carousing last night, I can understand having a sour stomach. I’ll fix you your breakfast at once.”A server passed by to bring you a mug of tea. You thanked them and let the blend of herbs and spices reinvigorate you. Sauritus herself made this blend, and her expertise could be tasted and felt in every sip. The stress of spending all night listening to Nauraea’s drunken rambling had melted away by the time your breakfast had arrived. You quickly nabbed a strip of bacon and followed it with a bite of omelet. Delicious. Nauraea slithered into the room, clutching her head. She took the nearest seat, dumping her head onto the table.“Where’s my breakfast?” she said.“Queen?” asked the satyros.“My breakfast, you dullard! Where is it?” shouted Nauraea.“L-Lord Anon informed me that you weren’t hungry… We had no idea that you had changed your mind…”Nauraea tilted her chin up just enough to give you the most disgusted glare you had ever suffered. “I see. Bring me a bit of everything. And get Sauritus to mix me something for this hangover,” said Nauraea.“She sent your tea over in anticipation, Queen. I’ll bring it out now.”“Excellent,” Nauraea put her head back down. The servers rushed to bring her a cup of tea, standing behind her in preparation for the impending refill. Nauraea downed two cups in a matter of minutes, pausing only to let her mouth cool. After the second cup, she sighed in relief. She eyed you again, this time giving you a smug snort as if to tell you that your ploy to deprive her of breakfast had failed.“Find Tsakali, I have need of her,” said Nauraea. She turned her attention back to you. “You, Anon, have no IDEA how much clemency I have afforded you these past few days. Truth be told, I have half a mind to throw you back in that dungeon to rot for a few days. Maybe even a few weeks~”You pouted. “But I would miss you. I just can’t sleep when I’m not wrapped up in your warm, strong coils.”Nauraea’s sneer faltered for a moment. A spark of glee flashed through her eyes before she realized that you were joking. Her smirk returned, this time more sinister than before. “Well, I think you won’t be sleeping much at all for some time. I think I know just what you need~” Nauraea smiled, flicking her serpentine tongue across her teeth. You gulped. Nauraea saw your moment of weakness and capitalized on it. “Oh yes, you remember the kiss of my venom, don’t you? That heat, the throbbing, how it clouds and corrupts your mind into a frenzy of lust? But this time, I’ll offer you no reprieve. I think I’ll let it stew in you for a while; let it work out all those vexatious little idiosyncrasies that keep you from accepting me. And who knows? With enough begging and a bit of “work” I might forgive you. In a few days.”A few days? The dose she gave you on the wall had driven you to the brink of insanity in a matter of minutes. Spending days under the influence of apophis venom was unthinkable. Though you could test Nauraea’s patience with your quips, she ultimately held all the cards. And she knew it. Nauraea took a bite of her breakfast, relishing your glare. She finished her tea and smiled.“Come along, Anon. I think it’s time for court.”~~~~~~~Nauraea sat with unnatural enthusiasm. atop her throne. Normally she wore a cool, almost bored expression before court. Now, she was all but squirming in anticipation. She hummed some unknown desert tune, smiling at her subjects as they began to enter the atrium. Tsakali entered with her usual portfolio of issues that had arisen in the kingdom. She gave a small nod and smile to Nauraea. You felt the tip of Nauraea’s tail twitch between your legs. That couldn’t be good. You were already bracing yourself for whatever punishment Nauraea had in store for you; all you could do now is pray that she wasn’t feeling too creative today. Nauraea sat up on her throne and began to address the court.“Before we begin, I would like to quash any rumors that my husband has anything but the deepest, most sincere love for me. While he may appear terse and acrimonious to you, he shows me nothing but adoration behind closed doors. I will not have any of these slanderous rumors pervading my empire,” said Nauraea. Her hand slipped down, gently kneading your shoulder. You understood this was less of a gesture of affection and more a threat. “My dear Anon may not have the elocution that one would expect of a prince, but he will learn in time. Now then, how about a kiss, my sweet little husband?”Shit. She was forcing your hand. If you tried anything here, Nauraea would certainly pay you back in kind. Wrapping your hands around her neck for stability, you went in for the kiss.“Embarrass me, and I’ll fill you with enough venom to make your erection a permanent feature,” said Nauraea.You shut your eyes and puckered your lips, forcing Nauraea to make close the gap and meet you. Her arms wrapped around you, dragging you closer. Never one to skimp on the panache, Nauraea’s tongue set to work violating your mouth. The tingle of venom began to dance through your tongue. Just the memory of what it felt like stoked a fire in your loins. Your cheeks burned at the thought of the spectators watching this humiliating affair. After a minute, you tried to break the kiss. Nauraea seized the back of your head by the hair. Her powerful arms forced your lips back to hers. Her fangs clamped down, pricking your lip. A few drops of venom surged into your veins, further flushing your face with arousal.“Y-you said…” you mewled.“That nip was for earlier. Consider yourself fortunate that I left you sober enough to speak,” whispered Nauraea, flicking your ear with her forked tongue.You clenched her shoulders in your hands. Heat poured through your body. You groaned, resting your head against Nauraea. She felt so cool… Nauraea would help you. She HAD to help you. This was her fault, after all.“Nauraea, please,” you panted.“Hmm? Longing for a little release, dear husband?” purred Nauraea. She flicked the head of your cock through your waistcloth.“Just shut u- Please delay court and help me with this,” you said, catching yourself before you could dig this hole any deeper.Nauraea gave you a sadistic smile. “Oh Anon, I would NEVER let you languish. Tsakali, what is the first order of business?”“But you said-““I said I wouldn’t leave you in such a pitiful state, and I meant it. But a queen must attend to her court. Luckily for you, I’m quite good at multitasking~” Nauraea brushed aside your waistcloth, exposing you to the court. A wave of murmurs rolled through the crowd. The only thing keeping you from dying of shame was the excruciating need to get your rocks off no matter the cost. “Guards, does one of you have the oil?” A lamia brought over a shallow dish filled with oil, resting it next to the throne. Nauraea smirked at you. “Rest your body against me, Anon. I’ll take care of you.”You slumped your head against Nauraea’s shoulder. Her arm curved to support your body. Nauraea’s breasts pressed into your side. The feeling of her cool, silky skin and soft body was excruciating in your state of heightened arousal. Nauraea gently dipped her fingers into the oil. Flicking away the excess drops, she pressed all five fingers together in a bundle and held it over your twitching member. A dollop of oil slowly pooled at the tips of her fingers, falling down onto the head of your cock. You moaned. The sensation of the warm oil dribbling down your shaft was too much to bear. Your hips bucked. Nauraea giggled.“There there, Anon. I’m here. It’s alright. Relax, and let me love you,” cooed Nauraea. Her hand slowly wrapped around your dick. You thrust your hips again, desperate for any sort of friction. “Ah ah ah! I told you to relax, dear. Let me take care of everything~” Nauraea kissed your cheek. Her hand moved to make a slow pump of your dick. You whimpered. Nauraea chuckled, delighted by your predicament. “Goodness! Where are my manners. Tsakali, would you be so kind as to read the first order of business?”The agony continued. Nauraea began presiding over her court with her usual ruthless efficiency, all the while using her adroit fingers to keep you on the edge of ecstasy. Each digit moved with the same serpentine grace of its owner, knowing exactly how much pressure to apply and when strike. You had devolved into a writhing mess of fluids from the waist down. Your own juices mingled with the oil, trailing down your legs to leave lustrous streaks across Nauraea’s scales.“Tell the village of Hashathan that I would be delighted to welcome them into my empire. And send them a handful of boys from the marketplace,” said Nauraea. She used the back of her nail to stroke the length of your cock.“Nauraea, please…” you whimpered.“Kiss me,” she said.You lunged at her lips. She stopped you short, using her clean hand to restrain you. “Ah! Not my mouth, dear; I’m in the middle of court. My cheeks and neck will suffice,” scolded Nauraea.Desperate for her favor, you began peppering her cheek with little kisses. A soft groan of pleasure rumbled from Nauraea’s chest, only loud enough for you to hear. You trailed your kisses down her cheek, lavishing her neck. She bit her lip and hissed, pleased with your eagerness. Her head tilted to the side to give you better access. All the while, the hand around your shaft increased its pace to reciprocate your ministrations. In the heat of the moment, you reached down to clamp a hand over one of Nauraea’s breasts. She winced. Her hand snapped down from your dick, clasping your balls. You froze.“I know you love them, dear, but be gentle, hmm?” purred Nauraea, giving you a contemptuous look. She undid the clasps on the ornaments adorning her nipples, setting the caps aside. You gawked at the display. Even without venom coursing through your veins, Nauraea’s body was hard to resist. Too bad it was attached to such a malevolent person. Free of her minimal clothing, Nauraea sighed and shook her hair out. “Now, try that again with a little more finesse.”You nodded. Nauraea snorted and went back to presiding over her court. Her hand remained around your testicles, gently rolling them back and forth between her fingers. You set to work massaging her breasts, careful not to apply too much pressure this time. No easy feat when you felt the need to clench your fists every time she touched you. As you kneaded and rubbed, you felt a droplet of warm liquid run down your palm. Nauraea moaned.“What in the-“ Nauraea pulled you away from her body. She looked down in bewilderment to inspect her breasts. A pearl of milk rolled down the one you had been massaging. “Oh. Well, that’s… unexpected. Tsakali, tell Sauritus to be ready for a checkup after I’m finished today,” said Nauraea. She pinched her nipple, watching another bead of milk appear. “Hmm. I’m sorry, counselor, you were saying?”The time alternated between flying past and creeping. Sometimes you would snap out of your lustful stupor to find that half a dozen subjects had come and gone. Other times you would reawaken to find the same awkward face watching you squirm under Nauraea’s palm. The inverno in your veins refused to abate, and all this edging was starting to exhaust you. A guard stepped forward.“My Liege, the couples you summoned have arrived.”Nauraea perked up. Her hand slowed, eliciting a frustrated groan from your lips. Nauraea hushed you. “Send them in.” A handful of men and monsters shuffled into the atrium. From the look of it, they were just as clueless as to why they were here as you were. “Greetings, subjects. I am pleased that you answered my summons,” said Nauraea. The guests stared at her blankly. Nauraea cleared her throat and continued. “Onto the business at hand then… You see, sometimes, over the course of a marriage, certain differences of opinion arise. And sometimes, those spats become rifts between two people. Even if it it’s something small, that someone should learn to live with and stop dragging their heels,” said Nauraea. An arachne coughed. “Anyways,” continued Nauraea, “by Tsakali’s accounts, you all have an impeccably placid relationship with your spouse. I was wondering what the lot of you did when your partner was wrongfully upset. Just a few bits of advice, or any mind control spells you know of to keep them complacent. Not that I’m having any trouble with Anon; I’m just new to this whole marriage thing.”“Err… I don’t think you should ever need mind control to keep your man in check…,” said a cyclops.Nauraea rubbed her chin thoughtfully. “Hmm… And the rest of you? Are we in agreement that brainwashing is taboo?” The rest of the monsters nodded. Nauraea tutted angrily. “Maybe as a last resort…” she murmured. “Alright then, other suggestions. Come on, I haven’t got all night.”“Have you tried speaking with him? All you need to do is find out what’s wrong and fix it,” said a dullahan. The headless woman looked perplexed, as if she thought this was some kind of trick question. No, lady; she was just this clueless.Nauraea gave her a dismissive wave. “Bah! I tried that already. It didn’t work. Give me something more impactful; something that will get me results.”The rest of the monsters looked at each other nervously. “Cuddling? Maybe? I mean, my husband seems to like that,” offered a bee.Nauraea’s tail wrapped around your legs. “Yes! I do that all the time! Every night! Anon really likes it when I squeeze him. Should I keep doing that? Does he simmer down if you hold him enough?” “Well, just holding him probably won’t help if he’s mad.” Nauraea glared at the bee. “Err, hypothetically mad…”“Don’t keep me waiting, woman. What else?” said Nauraea.“I tell my husband I love him. Ah, but I’m certain you already do that, my Liege,” said a werecat.Nauraea squirmed. “Yes, of course I do. Out of curiosity, how often do you say it?”“Certainly less than you, Majesty,” the werecat said quickly.“Indeed,” said Nauraea, puffing her chest out.“I think HOW you say it matters just as much as how often you say it,” interjected a succubus.“Explain,” snapped Nauraea.“I met my husband while raiding his caravan. For a long time, he distrusted me. Telling him I loved him, in no uncertain terms and with all the legitimacy I could muster, helped to acclimate him to my affections.”“I see… And then he surrendered himself to you?” asked Nauraea.“Lady Nauraea, perhaps you are thinking love to be similar to war. While it’s true that both husband and wife win when there is love, one should not think of the other as spoils or tyrant; they should be counted as equals between themselves,” said the succubus.Nauraea jostled you with her tail. “You hear that, ingrate? She says you shouldn’t think of me as a tyrant.”“My Lady, that isn’t…” The succubus’ remark was cut short by a vigorous head shake from one of the other monsters.“H-have you tried doing something nice for him? Taking him out on his favorite date?” asked a lamia, eyeing you nervously.“A date? Hmm, something he likes…” Nauraea stared pensively into space.“You… have taken him on dates before, right?”“Don’t be foolish. I’ve been FAR too busy planning the downfall of my immortal rival! There is simply no time for a person of my stature to play hostess during such times of strife. The balance of The Capsalisma depended on my swift action!” said Nauraea.“Majesty, how much do you know about your husband?” asked a demon.“Hmm? Oh, a fair bit. I learned his language so that I could read some of his journal,” said Nauraea.“Then you know what he likes?”“Yes! He likes… freedom! Yes, he’s very fond of that, for whatever reason. Oh! And he likes to use his magic,” exclaimed Nauraea.The monsters looked at each other furtively. “Right. Try talking to him, take him out on a date or two.”“An interesting proposition, I’ll take it under consideration.” Nauraea dipped her free hand into your mouth. Pinching your tongue between her index and middle finger, she began pulling it out of your mouth, only to let it slide back in. You dutifully sucked at her fingers, desperate for her attention. Nauraea giggled. “I thank you for your time. Should your advice bear fruit, I shall be sure to compensate you.”The retinue of monsters quickly vacated the atrium. Nauraea smiled at you, watching your tongue squirm in her fingers. She kissed your cheek. “Well love, where would you like to go for a date?~”~~~~~~~Nauraea’s tongue thrashed around your dick. Your legs threatened to give way as all the venom-induced tension you had been carrying for the better part of the day drained away into her mouth. Nauraea swallowed it in a manner befitting a serpent. Licking her lips, she let out a satisfied sigh.“Feeling better?~” she asked. Her arms guided you to the spot next to her on the bed.“Bitch…” you panted, too tired to resist her.“Aww, don’t be so surly. Come here,” Nauraea rolled your body on top of hers. “Would going on one of these “dates” make you more pliable?”“It would be better than sitting around here all day.” Nauraea’s hand stopped stroking your hair. “All night…”Nauraea chuckled. “Then a date it is! You’re already behaving more like a husband should. Speaking of, I think it’s time you helped ME with my needs.”Nauraea dragged your head down to one of her breasts. A driblet of milk gleamed in the moonlight.“You can’t be serious…” you said weakly.“How dare you, you insolent cur! The Queen of The Capsalisma offers you the chance to sup from her breasts, and you dare rebuff my offer?! There are legions of men who would KILL for such an opportunity!” Nauraea groaned as another drop of milk ran down her nipple. “Besides, this is your fault. And they’re getting sore…”“My fault?!” you said.“Yes! Obviously, your lust for my body has manifested through my sudden milk production. No surprise really, given how much of your day is spent sneaking peeks at my chest.”“I don’t-““Yes, you do. You aren’t half as sly as you think, dear husband. Though why you go to such lengths is beyond me; if you want to look, squeeze, taste, or fuck, all you need do is ask.”Thank goodness it was too dark for her to see the shame on your face. You didn’t WANT to be attracted to Nauraea, but she was too alluring to ignore. Apophis hadn’t been your first choice, but she was a monster you had done your fair share of fantasizing over. Though you had always imagined them to be a bit more courteous and caring. You somewhat enjoyed a haughty attitude, but there was a fine line between prideful boasting and bitching. Too tired to protest, you started to suck. Nauraea cooed happily. Milk began to pour into mouth. It had a strange taste, slightly acrid with a hint of spice. Not what you expected, but not unpleasant either.“Ahh~ By the moon, I never thought this would feel so good…” moaned Nauraea.She began to hum a tune, softly rocking you back and forth as she held you. For a moment, you forgot that this was the woman who had kidnapped you. This didn’t feel like Nauraea; this felt like someone you could call your wife. The milk reinvigorated you, replenishing the strength you had lost in your fight with Nauraea’s venom.“Anon?” asked Nauraea softly. “Why can’t we be like this always?”You pulled yourself away from her chest for a lungful of air and an answer. “Like what?”You could see Nauraea’s face turn purple in the light of the moon. She looked away. “You know, like this. No fighting or bickering, just enjoying each other’s company. We’re husband and wife, but it feels like we’ve never… Like we’ve never actually BEEN married.”  “We wouldn’t be, if I had things my way,” you grumbled.Nauraea’s lip wobbled.  A silent tear rolled down her face. Twisting to the side, she began to cry softly into the pillow. “Fine then! Go, sleep where you please. Don’t let me keep you here.”Nauraea shoved you out of bed. Wrapping the covers around her, she continued to cry. You gave one last sullen look at the snake and wandered off to find somewhere to sleep.~~~~~~~~You were already done with the day by the time you set foot into the dining room for breakfast. Nauraea was a mess, squirming and moaning as a holst milked her into a bowl on the table. Was it too late to go back to bed? Nauraea glowered at you through her blush. She probably enjoyed being seen like this as much as you liked watching her get milked. The holst concluded, flicking the last drops of milk from her fingers into the bowl.“There we are, Queen! Do you feel better?” asked the holst.“Yes, thank you,” said Nauraea trying to hide her face behind a hand.You took your place next to her at the table. A server came to deliver your breakfast. As she left, she began to take the bowl of apophis milk with her. You gulped. The server looked at you. Pursing her lips, she silently set it back down in front of you. Why the hell did you care if she took it or not? Sure, the taste WOULD complement your breakfast, but you weren’t going to enjoy drinking it. Maybe just a few sips, to wash it down. Nauraea reattached her breast coverings and cleared her throat.“Anon, I’ve been doing some thinking these past few days, in light of recent events. If you agree to behave yourself and admit that you hold me in high esteem and cherish me with all your heart, I will agree to bequeath you with several liberties and agree to take you on at least one “date” a week,” said Nauraea.You stared at her with a mouthful of toast. That was… unexpected. You know she promised a date last night, but after you had been banished from the bedroom, you weren’t sure that she was going to ever let you off the leash again. “Okay…” you said cautiously.Nauraea’s tail wiggled. “You will?! You’ll tell me how much you really love me?!”“I- Sure. Fine. Whatever,” you said, slouching into your seat.Nauraea’s chest puffed out with pride. You hadn’t seen her this vivacious since your arrival. It must be hard for her, trying so hard to drag the affections out of the one she loved. Maybe you should ease up on her a little. She wasn’t a horrible person if you knew which buttons to press. And to her credit, you had been nothing but antagonistic. Who knows? Maybe this date would bring out a side of her you hadn’t seen before. She really was cute, when she wiggled around like that. Nauraea looked at you and blushed.“A-Anon?”“Hmm?”“That’s the, that’s my…” Nauraea pointed to you.You realized during the course of your daydreaming, you had picked up the bowl of snake milk and had started drinking it. Coughing out the last sip in your mouth, you quickly put the bowl back down. When the hell did that happen?!“Did- did that taste good?” asked Nauraea.“I just mistook it for my cup, that’s all,” you said quickly. What kind of excuse was that?! No one could ever mistake a giant bowl of milk for a cup. Seizing the earth ware cup, you guzzled down a few gulps of water. Damn, it got rid of the aftertaste…Nauraea allowed herself a small grin. You really hoped she didn’t milk this; no pun intended. “So, love, where would you like to go today?”“I don’t know, what do people do for fun around here?” you asked.“Oh, many things! Drinking, fornicating, umm… And, uh…” Nauraea’s face scrunched in contemplation. Yep, that’s Apliseline for you.“What about music?” you offered.“Ah ha! Yes, music! Mamono from all over the world come to Apliseline for the music. We have the best musicians in the Capsalisma,” boasted Nauraea.“What kind of music do they play?”“Mostly strings. Guitars, sitars, harps, that sort of thing. But if you’re lucky, they’ll be playing the organ as well! When they perform in tandem, there’s nothing quite like it.”“And who is this?”“The Eros cultists.”You stopped chewing halfway through a bite of sausage. “You mean the people you just tried to tax into non-existence?”Nauraea’s eyes shot open. “Maybe music isn’t the best idea…”“How about a play?” you said, desperate for something that you might enjoy. Then again, day-drinking and fucking didn’t sound THAT bad… You shook your head. No, just day drinking. But maybe she would give you a little venom…“A play! That’s a wonderful idea! There’s a troupe performing in town now.” Nauraea clapped her hands together. “I’ll send someone to save us some seats.”It was something. At least you would get out of the palace for a while. Knowing mamono theater, you were probably in for a glorified pornography viewing, but sometimes the phantoms made a compelling plot for the actors to riff off of. And the ones with extemporaneous audience participation were always exciting. Finishing your breakfast and the last of Nauraea’s milk, you went to find something more appropriate to wear to a theater.~~~~~~~~~As befitting a queen, you and Nauraea were escorted to box seats with the best view in the theater. Pillows lined the box, clearly built for one with a serpent body in mind. Nauraea coiled her tail into a pile. You inserted your body into the hole she left for you. It was almost a reflex at this point. Down below, the orchestra prepared their instruments.“Would your Grace enjoy something to drink?” asked a succubus.“A wine, please. Red.” Said Nauraea.“And for you, Prince?”“I trust her taste,” you replied.“Very good, your Excellency.” The succubus bowed and departed.“So you DO trust me~” purred Nauraea.“Only as a sommelier. And why am I called a prince anyway? Shouldn’t I be king if you’re queen?”“ ‘Prince’ denotes youth and inexperience. You couldn’t hope to rule with the authority and wisdom I possess with such an infinitesimal lifetime,” said Nauraea.“Wisdom, right.”Nauraea ran a hand across your chest. “And it also denotes obedience.” You let her run a few kisses up your neck. Damn those soft lips. You sighed, half-heartedly pulling away from her grasp. Nauraea laughed softly into your ear. “Hmm? Not so testy today, Prince~”“Shut up. I just want to enjoy the show,” you said.Nauraea sighed. “I suppose this date is for your sake, after all.”Nauraea continued to feel you up until the servant returned with your wine. She showed the label to Nauraea. The apophis nodded in approval. Producing two glasses, the server poured you each a glass and left the bottle on a small table. Another server entered the booth to bring you a charcuterie plate. Your weakness. There was a type of preserved meat that they made here, akin to prosciutto, that tasted like heaven and melted like butter in your mouth. You snapped up a slice and took a sip of wine. Delicious.“Well? How does it taste?” asked Nauraea.“It’s good.”Nauraea’s chest swelled. “Yes, the vineyards of Apliseline are known the world over. The delta makes the perfect environment for growing grapes. None of that rot, either.”“Mm hmm.” Damn this was good wine.A phantom appeared on stage below you. “Mamono and men, I thank you for your attendance of this auspicious retelling of a wondrous tale! A tale of love, loss, intrigue, romance, and lust! And I would like to extend my most humble thanks to our dear patron, Queen of the Capsalisma, and Beauty of Apliseline, Lady Nauraea, for being in attendance today!”The audience applauded. Nauraea gave them a wave, smiling warmly at the phantom below. The orchestra began to play. A single, mournful violin began to softly wail.“Let me take you to a land far away, on a cold, foggy morning. Our story begins here, in a humble cabin, inhabited by a lonely woodcutter…”~~~~~~~~~You couldn’t believe it. You were actually enjoying the play. The characters were convincing, the acting was top notch, the orchestra was a perfect accompaniment to the action, and the plot kept you hooked every step of the way. Good wine, good theater, and good food; the Greeks had it right. As for the company…You glanced up at Nauraea. Her head was resting on top of yours, yellow eyes fixated on the stage. You squirmed. Nestling against her felt heavenly, even if you would never admit it. But the plushness of Nauraea’s body wasn’t what was on your mind right now. Maybe it was just considerable amount of wine coursing through your veins, but you were starting to crave some of her venom. Just a little bit. You weren’t an addict; you just thought that a drop or two would enhance the show. That’s all. Nauraea looked down at you, noticing your wriggling.“What is it?” she asked.“I uh… Nothing.” You couldn’t ask her to bite you, what were you thinking?! If you begged like that, she would NEVER let you live it down. Who knows what kind of demeaning names she would come up with for you?“You want something, what is it? More wine? Some food?” pressed Nauraea.“I’m fine! I was just getting comfortable,” you insisted.Nauraea looked at you perplexedly for a moment. A bemused smile crossed her face. As her lips parted, you noticed the glint of her fangs. Her forked tongue slowly traced her plump lips.“Dear husband, could you be wanting something of me?~” asked Nauraea knowingly.“No. Shut up. I’m trying to watch the play,” you said, pulling away from her. Nauraea held you fast.“Oh, but wouldn’t you enjoy the play a bit more if you had… something to enhance it? See how the main character writhes in the throes of her love and lust? Wouldn’t you enjoy something like that?” Nauraea licked your neck.“Stop it…” you hissed.“Make me.”Nauraea planted a kiss on your neck, gently teasing your flesh with her teeth. You sighed, knowing that too much movement would get her fangs caught in your throat. Her tongue lapped at the tender flesh where her teeth had been eliciting a soft whimper form you. Nauraea let out a throaty purr of satisfaction. “You NEED it, don’t you? Admit it. You miss that warm, syrupy, ecstasy flowing through your veins~” breathed Nauraea into your ear.“I don’t-“Nauraea chortled softly. “You do. Don’t be ashamed, dear husband. Many have tasted my gift, and all wish for more once they experience it. But it is your privilege alone to drink as you please from my well. Every apophis husband must reconcile their need for the venom. It isn’t that you’re weak; the nectar is simply too strong.” Her hand caressed your chin, forcing your face upward. Nauraea trailed kisses up your neck, giving you a quick nip on the earlobe. “If you ask nicely, I’ll give you a nibble~” She opened her jaws, resting her fangs against your skin.“I- I don’t- Just…”“Just a drop. I promise, you’ll be more lucid than last time,” cooed Nauraea.You bit your lip. “Do I have a choice?”“You do. If you tell me right now that you don’t want my sharp fangs puncturing this tender flesh of yours, I’ll let you be for the rest of the play. I won’t bother you again,” said Nauraea. A kiss on the cheek pushed you over the edge.“Just a drop?” you whispered.“Just a drop,” said Nauraea.With a sigh, you tilted your head to the side and offered her your neck. Nauraea gave your throat one last kiss before gently biting down. You inhaled sharply as the fangs broke the skin, quickly becoming used to the sensation. A droplet of venom seeped out of her hollow tooth, flowing into your blood. You groaned softly as the euphoria began to spread through your body. Nauraea pulled her head away, giving the puncture wound a lick.“Good boy~ Feeling better?” she purred.Fuck yeah, you were. Already the world seemed more vibrant. You rubbed yourself against Nauraea, desperate for as much contact with her as possible. She giggled. One of her hands dipped down to massage your member.The rest of the play went by in a blur. You could only catch bits and pieces of it during the brief interludes to Nauraea’s teasing. Despite your disjointed viewing, you still found it heart wrenching and evocative. And true to Nauraea’s word, she relieved your venom induced lust more than once over the course of the play. The venom wasn’t so bad when you were permitted to cum like this; the all-consuming lust of her poison was mollified by Nauraea’s hand, only to be stoked again a moment later. And Nauraea was loving every second of it. Whenever you finished, she would greedily clean your mana from her fingers with her serpentine tongue. The curtain fell over the succubus, now dipping her co-star back for a kiss, and the play was over. Mamono below rose to their feet to applaud. Nauraea sucked her fingers clean and gave the performers a few claps as well. You were too drained to do much of anything, but you did give them the best smile you could muster. The phantom floated back onto stage.“Thank you, thank you. You’ve been a wonderful audience. I hope you enjoyed it as much as our dear Prince did!”You tried to shrink back into Nauraea. She propped you up for everyone to see. Giving everyone a wave, she kissed your cheek. A few monsters below cheered for her.“Thank you, and goodnight!”~~~~~~~~Nauraea wouldn’t stop giggling all the way back to the palace.“Oh, that was so much fun! I haven’t enjoyed myself like that in ages!” said Nauraea, dumping you onto the bed. You groaned, feebly pushing her away as she began to kiss your chest. “Hmm? What’s wrong?” asked Nauraea, laying her head on your chest.“Don’t get too cocky,” you said.Nauraea let out a disgusted sigh. “After everything we did today?”“It’s one date. Don’t get ahead of yourself.”Nauraea was around you in an instant. Seizing your wrists, she pinned your hands above your head. “I took you on a date. You enjoyed it. You don’t have the right to resist me!”“That isn’t how love works!” you hissed.Nauraea glowered at you. “And why do YOU get to decide what love is? Why can’t I choose how to love you?”“Because you only wanted me for my magic!” you said.“That isn’t true! I’ve told you a hundred times, I care about you! Why can’t you accept that?!” screamed Nauraea, tears welling in her eyes. “I don’t know how to reach you! I try to accommodate you, and all you do is push me away! What am I supposed to do, if you won’t tell me what you want?! I- I just want you to love me!”You opened your mouth to say something and shut it again. The longer you lived with Nauraea, the harder it became to push her away like this. At first you enjoyed seeing her flounder. It felt like you were getting back at the woman who had wronged you. But the fight for Apliseline had come and gone, and Nauraea was still trying to make you happy, albeit in her own way. Spiting her to foil a powerplay and make life miserable for kidnapping you was one thing. The joy you derived from rejecting her was dwindling by the day. Now you felt pangs of guilt when you saw her tear-stricken face.“I just- Can we go to sleep? I don’t want to talk about it,” you grumbled.“No! How can I sleep when you tell me that you don’t love me?! Do you think this is easy for me?! It tears me apart every night! Cuddling with you is the only thing that keeps me sane. When you left last night, I hardly slept a wink. Please! I need to know that you don’t hate me!”You looked shamefully into her eyes. “I don’t hate you. I don’t love you- I mean…” Words failed you. “I need to think.” An unsatisfactory answer, but the only one you could give in good faith.Nauraea pouted. “Can I hold you?”You sighed. “Yes.”Nauraea gently coiled around you, this time not as tightly as she normally would. You felt strangely exposed without her tail compressing you. Hooking your arms over her coils, you pulled her in tighter and went to sleep.~~~~~~~“Nauraea, I want to go somewhere today. Alone,” you said.Nauraea squirmed at the touch of the holst who was once again draining her into a bowl. You felt a twinge of jealousy. Just one more reason why you had to make your trip today.“Where?” said Nauraea skeptically.“I’d rather not say. Nowhere I shouldn’t be, if you’re worried about me.”Nauraea mulled it over. She sighed, pushing some of her food around her plate. “Very well, I have some place to be myself today. But be back by supper.”“I shouldn’t be long,” you assured her.Nauraea nodded. She suppressed a whimper as the last drop of milk dripped into the bowl. Seeing you eye the milk, she gave you a dry smile. “Want it?”“Yes…” you said shamefully. Nauraea slid the milk over to you. You quickly guzzled it down and followed the guards to the chariots.~~~~~~~~“Here we are, Prince.”The chariot slowed to a halt. As if the building hadn’t told you as much. Pink minarets towered into the sky. Gandharvas swarmed in and out of one of the larger towers, perhaps roosting there. Houris giving sermons on the street, using apsara dancers to lure in crowds. You overheard one of them telling the congregation to ask Nauraea to repeal the tax. Some of the girls gave you warry glances as you passed by. A houri flanked by cupids rushed out to meet you. She bowed, looking a little anxious.“Prince Anon! What an unexpected surprise! My name is Aphishta, I’m the head prioress of Apliseline. To what do we owe your visit?” asked the houri.Was there a way to tell these monsters to relax? Could you tell them to be at ease? “I came seeking… council,” you said hesitantly.“Yes! Certainly! Right this way!” Aphishta began to usher you inside the temple. Your bodyguards didn’t take kindly to the obstruction of their duties.“Can you two wait outside?” you asked.“The queen made it clear that you were not to be left alone in the temple,” said one of the guards. “Do I at least have the luxury of confidentiality?” you sighed.“Not if the queen inquires about your dealings with the cultists,” said the guard curtly.So much for that. You were hoping for something like a confessional; Nauraea might as well be eavesdropping on you. The houri led you through the temple. Monsters praying in cloisters or cuddling with their loved ones in the alcoves watched you as you passed. Whispers began to echo through the cavernous interior of the temple. You kept your focus on the houri. She exited a wide doorway, leaving the roomy interior of the temple for a lush courtyard.“Wow…” you breathed, following her down the steps.Even in the dark of night, the garden was awash with colors. Plants posited their indifference to the lack of light, standing proudly against the moonless sky. Vines hung from the walls, flowers sprouting up at random intervals. As was custom with the boons of Eros, everything had some sort of heart motif. A well-groomed gravel path snaked around the exterior of the garden. In the center of it all, a fountain depicting the lady herself bubbled softly. The houri began to walk along the path, beckoning you to follow.“What’s on your mind, Prince?” asked Aphishta.“I- I don’t quite know how to describe it. I’m troubled, but I’m not certain who to ask for help, or what questions I should be asking,” you sighed.She nodded. “Yes, I’ve heard of your troubles with your wife.”“She isn’t-“ you caught yourself mid-rebuke. Nauraea would have your hide if she knew you were saying that to other monsters. Especially the Eros cultists.“You have trouble thinking of her as your spouse, don’t you?” said Aphishta. Sullen silence was the only way to dodge the question. Aphishta smiled at you. “Tell me about her.” “What?” you asked, taken aback by the question.“Nauraea. Tell me about her,” repeated Aphishta.“She’s overbearing. A slavedriver. She kidnapped me and used me as a tool for her own conceited ambitions,” you grumbled.“And?”“And what?”“What else?”“That’s it,” you said flatly.“Anon.” Aphishta’s voice carried the same subtle chastisement as a mother’s.You sighed. “She’s astute, industrious, and intelligent. That being said, she seems to lack any sort of wisdom to back those traits up. Nauraea is always going on about how she’s trying to connect with me, but she never seems to make an honest effort. It always seems as if she’s just fulfilling criteria to win my affection, not because she thinks I’ll enjoy it. I feel like she believes in some sort of agenda, that when finished, will make me fall in love with her.”Aphishta nodded. “I see. Now, forgive my ignorance Prince, I know very little of your people and what their beliefs in love are. Many people would envy your station; not many can claim to be the lover of a queen.”“I don’t care what her stature is. I wanted to fall in love with someone. Have a real relationship; one with reciprocity and care, not one-sided monopolizing,” you said in disgust.“If Queen Nauraea had come to you on your terms, courted you as befitting a human male of your world, would you have accepted her?” asked Aphishta.You mulled it over. “Maybe? I don’t know. She wouldn’t have been my first choice.”“Who would?”Voso came to mind. That demon had stuck around in your head ever since you left Admaz. Her curse was moot now. You wondered if she knew. “There was someone I met in Admaz. Her… I think I could have made it work with her.”Aphishta nodded. “What made that woman special?”“She was caring. The lengths she went to know about me, to learn what I liked, even my language. And she built mutual trust. I’m ashamed to admit it, but she saved me more than once.”Aphishta giggled. You cocked an eyebrow. She waved dismissively. “I’m sorry, it’s charming to hear a man ashamed of being protected my a mamono. Please, continue.”You pursed your lips. “Anyways, she was driven, loving, accommodating, and beautiful. I know that might be a broad definition for a monster, but she was gorgeous even by mamono standards.”“Could not some of those traits be said of Nauraea?”You looked at Aphishta. She smiled.“No. Nauraea is different. She’s driven by power, not for me. Everything is just means to an end for her. She’s a brat who’s upset because this is the first time in her life that she’s been denied something she wants,” you grumbled.“I wouldn’t be so sure, Anon,” chuckled Aphishta. The tone of her voice irked you. “Did you know Nauraea came to visit this temple before your arrival?”“No.”“It’s true. Oh Prince, you should have seen her. She was as anxious as a lesser succubus going to meet the man of her dreams. Queen Nauraea had read all the literature available to her about you, and she was smitten. She spoke of your wit, your gift with magic, and how interesting your civilization was for hours. And then she asked me for advice on how to win your favor.”“You helped her? You’re the reason I’m here?!” you said.Aphishta shook her head. “I could not give her a satisfactory answer. Queen Nauraea asked many questions: which kind of gems would you prefer, how much authority would you desire, how many servants she should assign you, things of that nature. Ironically, she was more knowledgeable than me on such matters. I told her that love was not a sum of the gifts one gives to another. This was not the answer Queen Nauraea wanted to hear. She became incensed. She insisted that I could confer some secret of love to make you fall for her. That there was a template to follow, guaranteeing your happiness together. When I informed her that each love was different, and that she would have to earn your adoration, Queen Nauraea left the temple in a rage.”“That’s Nauraea alright…” you grumbled.“Don’t be too hard on her, Anon,” said Aphishta.“How can you say that, after all she’s done? She’s tormenting us both, just to spite us,” you said indignantly. “Anon, I know Nauraea can appear selfish, but you need to look at things from her perspective. Think for a moment: who IS Queen Nauraea?”“A tyrant,” you said.“Your recalcitrance is unbecoming, Prince,” said Aphishta.“Am I wrong?”“She’s an ancient being. Older than me, and far older than you. And more importantly, she is a born monarch. Ruling and war is all she’s known for millennia. This nascent love of hers is perhaps the first time that she can’t obtain, nay, must obtain through perfidy, intimidation, wealth or force. She’s out of her element. Did you ever consider that she may be afraid?”“I hope she is,” you said.“Eros frowns upon those who willfully cause misery, Prince Anon. Even those who do so in retaliation. You would do well to remember that,” scolded Aphishta. You huffed. Aphishta gave you a stern look and continued. “It is impossible to know what Nauraea was thinking when she ordered your capture. Perhaps she thought that she could cow you into submission, dragging the love out of you through duress. Perhaps she thought such a display of power would leave you awestruck, enchanted by the might she wielded. Or perhaps she was simply panicked, so eager to meet you that she made a rash decision that spiraled out of control. Needless to say, when you arrived, she was all but certain that you would fall for her. Did you know she planned a ceremony here?”“Here? In a place she stormed out of not a few months before? In a place that she spends an hour a day whining to me about?” you said.“Queen Nauraea said she wanted a traditional human wedding prepared. She quickly reconsidered, canceling the affair a few days later. I suspect that this was when she made the decision to leverage your arrival into a war with Nefkara.”“The REAL reason I’m here,” you said.“Nauraea is ambitious, yes, but I think you are mistaken, Prince. I think Nauraea fell for you first, and THEN realized that she could accomplish her other life’s goal with your arrival.”“How convenient,” you said dryly.“Please, Prince. If you would only think of this matter from her perspective, the answer would become clear to you. Her whole life, Queen Nauraea has shown affection by doling out wealth, power, and favor. You’re an enigma to her, Prince. For the first time in her long existence, she must give something that makes her vulnerable. Her actions may seem detestable, but mustn’t she start somewhere? Must she not take those first fumbling steps towards love?”“That’s it? That’s the advice from the soldier of love? Just give up and let her use me?” you said.“Prince Anon, if you never give love a chance, it will never blossom. You do nothing to help yourself with this quarrelsome attitude. For every welt you leave on her pride, she attempts to retaliate in kind. Is it not foolish to seek kindness and understanding through vitriol?”When you came to the temple of Eros, you were hoping for a bit more sympathy than this. Now you were being forced to reconcile with these inconvenient truths. Aphishta was right; you and Nauraea would tear each other apart at this rate. Your pride was just as much to blame as hers.“I- I know that I’m not building towards anything. I know that fighting with her like this isn’t conducive, but if I reach out to her, I’ll…”“You’ll lose?”You uttered a disgruntled sigh. “Yes.”“Anon, love isn’t war. And the sooner you and the Queen stop thinking in terms of winners and losers, the sooner you can start making heirs,” scolded Aphishta.You nearly tripped over a vine. “What the hell is that supposed to mean!?”“Don’t be coy, Prince. I know you don’t favor the Queen Nauraea’s comportment, but it’s no secret that she’s stoked the fires of lust within you. Many rumors have circulated through the temple, fueled by palatial gossip, that you quite enjoy lounging in her Majesty’s coils.”“I most certainly do not,” you growled.“Lie to yourself if you must, Prince; you’ll need to blush less than that if you wish to fool a servant of Eros,” said Aphishta.Shit. You had really hoped people would recognize you for your stalwart resistance in the face of oppression, not how you loved to snuggle against Nauraea’s belly. Not that you loved it or anything, you only liked it because her scales were always the perfect temperature. And they were so smooth and glossy…“I know you’ve heard this from many other monsters, Prince. And I know that it’s the last thing you want to hear: you have to give Queen Nauraea a chance. An honest chance. No more of this mindless antagonism. If it doesn’t work, come back again. We are honor bound to helping you find love,” said Aphishta.You shut your eyes. Maybe she was right. “Very well. Thank you, Sister. Mother? Uh…”“Aphishta will suffice, Prince,” smiled Aphishta. “No matter the course of action, I hope to see you here again.”“I will, you can depend on that,” you said.Aphishta bowed and began walking you towards the entrance to the temple. As you ascended the stairs out of the garden, you could hear a clamor arising inside. Your guards slithered forward. At the top of the stairs, they stiffened, standing at attention. You stepped into the temple to find Nauraea arguing with a cupid.“I don’t care WHO she’s speaking to! I’m the QUEEN, you insolent peon! Go fetch Aphishta at once! Or do I need to raise the tax even-“ Nauraea did a double-take, seeing you standing between your guards. Color flushed her cheeks. Adjusting her posture, she quietly slithered around the cupid towards you. Ignoring the guard’s salute, she stood in front of you with pursed lips. “Anon.”“Nauraea,” you replied.“You didn’t tell me that you were going to come here,” said Nauraea, adding her distain to the word ‘here.’“You never asked,” you retorted.“I suppose I didn’t. Aphishta, were you having words with my husband?” asked Nauraea.“I was, Majesty,” said Aphishta.“And I presume that you’ll be anxious to tell me all about your conversation, correct?”“I cannot divulge that which was told to me in confidence, though I suspect your guards overheard most of what was said,” explained Aphishta.“Indeed. You two, come with me. The rest of you, escort the prince back to the palace.” Nauraea gestured to the guards surrounding you, and then her own retinue. “And YOU, you and I are going to have a VERY thorough discussion,” said Nauraea, jabbing a finger at Aphishta.Your new companions ushered you towards the street. You took one last glance over your shoulder, just in time to catch Nauraea looking back at you before you stepped down the stairs and into the waiting chariot.~~~~~~~~~You were helping Tsakali sign off on a few orders on one of the grand balconies overlooking the city when Nauraea returned. Her movement was different; she seemed strangely furtive. You looked up from your work when you heard her approach, only to see Nauraea quickly look away.“Dinner will be ready soon,” Nauraea said over her shoulder, hurrying away. You watched her leave. What was she thinking? Knowing Nauraea, her talk with Aphishta would inspire either potent rage or serious introspection. That she hadn’t yelled at you yet gave credence to the latter theory.“Prince Anon? I just need your stamp on this last document,” said Tsakali.“Hmm? Oh, go ahead. I approve it,” you said.Tsakali pouted. “You have to stamp it, Anon! I can’t file it without the official seal!”You rolled your eyes. Grabbing your seal, you stamped it down onto the hot wax. Tsakali wagged her tail, gathering up her bounty of enacted ordinances. “Thank you, Prince Anon! I’ll see you at dinner.” You took your time walking to the dining room. The ideal time to show up would be after Nauraea had consumed her first glass of wine, and before she had become surly and inebriated. Peeking around the corner, you assessed the situation. Nauraea sat with her fingers interwoven under her chin, staring pensively at the table. No alcohol in sight, damn. She noticed your presence and straightened up.“Anon. Come in, sit down,” said Nauraea.At least she didn’t sound angry. You hurried over to your chair and sat down. What you had expected to be the beginning of a long ramble about what was going to happen to you or how things were going to change instead turned into a pregnant pause. The two of you sat in silence until the food arrived. Should you say something? What would you say if you did? Admit that maybe you had been too harsh on her, and that you were willing to give her an honest chance if she promised to do the same for you? Tell her that you should both start from square one? Some amalgam of the two would suffice, anything was better than sitting here. You made to speak. Nauraea looked at you, she herself on the cusp of saying something. Both of you shut your mouths to allow the other to speak.“I suppose we won’t solve anything with silence,” said Nauraea.“It was worth a try,” you said.Nauraea chuckled. She sighed, shaking her head. “For all my centuries of rule, I admit that this is a quandary I have no idea how to rectify. I’m ashamed to admit that you’ve been an enigma to me from the day you arrived. Truth be told, I have less of an idea of what to do now than I did when you were brought before me on that fateful day.”“What DID you think would happen? I don’t mean that in a rhetorical way; I’ve only ever met one monster who came close to knowing about me and my civilization. What made you think that I would capitulate so easily?” you asked.Nauraea poured herself some wine and took a sip. “I’m royalty. More than that; I’m an immortal empress and herald of chaos. Legions of mamono have lived and died in service to me. I am older than some of the kingdoms that dot this land. You are by no means the first to challenge me; but never have I been spurned so flagrantly by one of such low stature. I thought that you would kneel at the sight of a true sovereign, just as all other mamono did. Or, at the very least, respect the power you rebuffed. You did neither. At first, I thought you simply upset by your sudden kidnapping. I foolishly pushed on, thinking that you would adapt to your new life and accept your place at my side. After all, I had everything to offer you. Surely it was only a matter of time before you began asking things of me. Yet, you never did. Not once did you ask of my any material wealth to be provided to you. Never did you solicit me for an office of power, or a title that would let you lord over other mamono. And all the while, you continued your petty resistance at every turn. You never missed a chance to undermine my authority or embarrass me.”“You should have known that I wouldn’t sit idly by after you kidnapped me,” you said.Nauraea smirked. “Indeed. I thought that your bravado would falter once you were in the presence of someone more adept at magic than you. I never accounted for a different kind of resistance.”The two of you sat in silence for a moment.“I wouldn’t have been averse,” you said, breaking the pause.Nauraea paused mid sip, eyebrows raised. “Hmm?”“To you. I mean, I didn’t go looking for an apophis, but your species wasn’t something I would have been opposed to meeting. It’s just… the circumstances of it all…”A blush crept into Nauraea’s face. “Truly? I read your journal; I recall that my kind weren’t close to the top…”“You weren’t far, either. I like serpentine bodies. And… you are undeniably beautiful. I always think it’s strange that you were able to go this long without finding someone,” you said.Nauraea swirled her wine. “I… I suppose that was one of the reasons that I was drawn to you. My whole life, people have looked at me in awe. They knew what I was destined for. The reverence, though invigorating, became alienating over time. The sycophants and supplicants who darkened my door always regarded themselves as beneath me. Truth be told, when I first heard that you had some sort of knowledge of our world, my heart sank. I feared that you too would enter my throne room, slack jawed and dumbstruck. Even after what transpired, I think your defiant entrance was preferable to the unctuous stares most mamono give me. Though, I hoped that you would regard me as another monster; powerful, but accessible. Just for once, I wanted to live like a mamono rather than a sovereign. Being alone for so long can be… stressful.”“I know,” you said solemnly.“You do? The printers in Admaz who peddled your story were sure to keep your previous relations under wraps. Did you struggle to connect with women on Earth?” asked Nauraea.“Something like that…” you muttered in embarrassment.The tip of Nauraea’s tail waggled. You glared at it. Nauraea tried to hide her smile behind a sip of wine. “Forgive me. I don’t mean to mock your plight. It’s just… I’m glad that you aren’t too spoiled. That you struggled with love underpins the notion that-“ Nauraea abruptly cut herself off.“That what?” you said.Nauraea blushed. “I- I know it sounds childish, but I can’t help but harbor this strange feeling that we were destined for each other.” You snorted. Nauraea pouted. “What was that for?”“I can’t say that I’m a big believer in destiny,” you said.“Hmm. I suppose it depends on whom you ask, doesn’t it? I suspect that the subjects of Nefkara believed that she was destined to defeat me,” mused Nauraea.You looked at each other. In spite of all you had been through, you couldn’t help but smile. Nauraea was surprisingly cute when she was vulnerable like this.“Anon, I’m certain that we both know what Aphishta told us. I know that you might harbor apprehensions about me after the way I’ve treated you. I can’t say I blame you. But I want to end this cycle of hate. I want you to love me like a husband should, and I want to treat you like a prince deserves to be treated. Would you… like to start over?”The way she looked at you with those irresistible yellow eyes broke the last vestige of resistance within you. You smiled. “I think I would like that.”Nauraea slumped back into her chair, heaving a sigh of relief. She draped an arm over her face and laughed. “Oh, thank Eros. It’s funny, I think I was more nervous to ask you for a second chance than I was to fight Nefkara.” You could see tears in her eyes when she removed her arm. “Starting today, I promise I’ll treat you well. All I ask is for some love in return. And tonight, I’ll prove it to you~” You nearly coughed on a bite of food. Nauraea giggled. “Excited? You finally get to sate your lusts on me the way YOU desire~”You grinned nervously. “Yeah…”Nauraea frowned. “Is that too much? If I’m moving too quickly, I understand. I just thought that you might enjoy-““I would! Trust me, I would. Will. Even though you were rough, it was never bad. I mean, you know. I didn’t HATE it. Some parts, at least. And the venom feels nice when you don’t give me too much…” you stammered, feeling your face get redder with each word.Nauraea’s face slowly contorted into a devious smirk. “Oh? Could it be that my defiant little prince likes being squeezed a little?~”“It’s not- I isn’t like that,” you said.Nauraea chuckled. “I see.”“It isn’t!” you insisted.“Of course.”Shit. You were planning on using Nauraea’s guilt to your advantage, but it looks like all that leverage just flew out the window.“Aww. Don’t look so sad. I promise I’ll be nice. Although, I can’t say I won’t bite~”You smirked. “Promise you won’t lose yourself?”“Not so much you won’t like it,” said Nauraea with a wink.You both shared a laugh. For the first time in a long time, you felt at ease here in the palace. The tension that had resided in your shoulders for weeks had finally vanished. Maybe you could learn to live here. Maybe loving Nauraea wasn’t out of the question. It might not be the love you had planned for yourself, but it was the love you had. Best to make the most of it.“My Liege! I’m here! I hope my food isn’t too cold.” Tsakali burst into the room, shattering the tranquil moment. You and Nauraea pursed your lips as Tsakali sat down and began to eat. “Queen Nauraea, you are going to LOVE our quarterly tax revenue. We’re up more than two percent year over year!”“My my, think of the possibilities…” said Nauraea. You stifled a laugh.“I’ve been thinking about just that! If my calculations are correct, and the price of stone doesn’t move too much, I think it might be just enough to re-pave the road to the Strethil Oasis!” exclaimed Tsakali.“Wow, Strethil!” you said. Not that you had any idea of where that was or why it was important. Nauraea bit her lip to keep herself from smiling.“Yeah! We could reduce time it takes to import salt by two days!” said Tsakali.Nauraea began to snicker. You broke, cracking a wry smile. Tsakali looked between you two.“What? Was it something I said? I think those estimates are fairly conservative…”“The estimates are fine, Tsakali. Thank you. We were laughing at something else,” assured Nauraea.“Oh, I understand. As I was saying, the economic implications of such a project would be monumental! You see in addition to increasing the celerity at which one can travel…”You and Nauraea listened to Tsakali give her report on the importance of proper roadways, sharing an occasional glance and chuckle.~~~~~~“What a compelling proposal that was. Are you going to approve the project?” you asked.“How Tsakali musters the energy to get excited over such menial tasks, I’ll never know. But the kingdom wouldn’t run without her,” said Nauraea.She slowly wrapped her arms around you. You fought the urge to flinch, letting your hands come to rest over hers. Nauraea cooed happily.“I can’t begin to tell you how satisfying it is to be able to do this without you flinching,” said Nauraea.“It does make it easier,” you agreed.You leaned farther against her. Nauraea began to gently sway back and forth. The motion reminded you of a waltz from back on Earth. Her cool skin felt heavenly against your own.“Care to join me in bed, Prince?” asked Nauraea.“I would love to, Queen,” you said.Nauraea grinned. “It’s about time you showed me the respect I deserve.”“Don’t push your luck, darling.”You allowed Nauraea to pull you into bed. This time, you shifted your weight to roll with her. Her tail coiled around you, tenderly squeezing you. Somehow, the contractions felt less possessive this time. You felt as if Nauraea wasn’t her squeezing prey, rather massaging someone she cared about. Her human torso rested beneath you, slowly rising and falling.“Anon…” Nauraea said softly. “Yes?”“May I have a kiss?”“You may,” you said, giving her a peck on the cheek. Nauraea giggled, taking your cheeks into her hands and guiding you to her lips. This time, you offered no resistance when her dexterous tongue coiled possessively around your own. Nauraea took her time, gently exploring your mouth to coax out the satisfied hums from your throat. She grew bolder, sensing your enjoyment, and began to force her way a bit deeper. Your own tongue grazed one of her fangs. Nauraea pulled away.“Anon… Can I, bite you?” she asked sheepishly.“Only if I get to pick where,” you said.Nauraea glowed. “O-okay, where do you want to be bitten?”You thought for a moment. “Neck.”“Are you sure? I could bite your arm, if you’d like. I know I bit you there before, but it doesn't have to be-“You silenced her with a finger. “Neck is fine. Can we cuddle while you do it?”Nauraea’s tail went berserk. “Yes! Of course, come here.” Nauraea sat up (or whatever the lamia equivalent would be) on the bed, using her coils to support you. You craned your neck to the side to allow her access. Reaching behind her head, you ran your fingers through her hair as she kissed your neck. “Ready?” she asked.“Yes.”You inhaled sharply at the first prick of Nauraea’s fangs against your skin. She hesitated.“It’s alright. Keep going,” you stroked her hair to reassure her.Nauraea pushed forward, sinking deeper into your neck. Whether it was the first inklings of venom leaking against your skin, or you were getting used to being bitten, the pain quickly morphed into a pleasurable tingle. The soothing warmth of the venom spread through your veins. Nauraea pulled away after a few moments, careful to lap up any blood.“How do you feel?” she asked.“Wonderful,” you replied, a little woozy thanks to the onset of the venom.“Then can we-“Your venom induced erection answered her question faster than you could have ever hoped to.“Oh! Well, that’s… I mean, do I have your consent to bed you? Aphishta mentioned that I should-“You cut Nauraea off with a kiss, desperate to salvage the moment. She let herself fall back with you on top of her, feverishly locking lips with you for all you were worth.“You don’t know how long I’ve waited for this,” panted Nauraea.“And I never thought I would get to enjoy this,” you said.“I love you, Anon.”You stared down into Nauraea’s eyes. It was easier for both of you now that you didn’t have to glare at each other. Those beautiful amber eyes against those captivating black sclera. Nauraea smiled up at you.“I love you too, Nauraea.”Tears ran down her cheeks. “I was starting to wonder if I would ever hear you say that,” she sniffed.“Only if you beat it out of me,” you said.“Shut up, and come here,” scolded Nauraea. She dragged you back into her firm embrace. You shifted your hips forward, coming to rest against her sex after a few misguided thrusts. Nauraea hissed, biting her lip. “Do it,” purred Nauraea.You thrust your hips forward. The two of you gasped, briefly paralyzed by the sensation. Nauraea’s tail instantly clamped down around you, making it impossible to extricate yourself from her depths. She was first to recover, undulating her tail around you to simulate thrusting. It felt a little demeaning to be used like this, but it wasn’t like your short-circuited brain could move your body at the moment. The silky sensation of Nauraea’s skin was all you cared about right now. After a minute of mindlessly gurgling against her chest, you recovered enough to supplement her thrusts with a few of your own. Nauraea cooed happily.“Come here, prince,” purred Nauraea.You wrapped your arms around her neck and dove in for a kiss. Nauraea’s hands roamed across your back, her long nails leaving light scratches along your skin. From her breasts, a few drops of milk began to pool against your stomach.“Yes… My prince, my Anon, my love,” crooned Nauraea. The thrashing of her tail grew more erratic as you continued to hammer against her. Her venom did its work, forestalling any muscle fatigue that would have hindered your assault on her sex. The culmination of emotion, pleasure, and poison were quickly pushing you to your limit.“Nauraea…” you panted.“Call me Queen!” she pleaded. Fuck. No denying that face.“My Queen!”Nauraea squeezed you for all you were worth. For a moment, you feared your dick being crushed to the point of kinking. A wave of euphoria shot through your body. Nauraea let out the most uncharacteristic noise you had ever heard from her; a strange warbling mewl that lilted and twisted with her own climax. The two of you remained locked in your kiss, more pressing against each other as your bodies shivered against one another. After a minute, Nauraea’s tail eased up enough to let the flow of blood to your legs resume.“Wow…” panted Nauraea.“Was it that good?” you asked.“I-I don’t know. It feels different when you aren’t glaring at me. This may sound silly, but it almost feels like…”“Like that was the first time?” you said, finishing her sentence for her.Nauraea tensed. “Yes.” The two of you were quiet for a moment, feeling the rise and fall of each other’s breath. “I am… sorry that your first time had to be so violent.”“I understand. For what it’s worth, I’m glad that Nefkara’s army didn’t take me away from you. Even if that’s a fresh sentiment,” you said.Nauraea kissed the top of your head. “I promise I’ll earn this love of yours, Anon. Every day.”“Hmm.” You nestled yourself against Nauraea. Slowly, your heart rate began to return to normal.“Are you tired?” asked Nauraea, a bit incredulous.“Yeah.”“You can’t sleep now, we’ve only just begun!” chided Nauraea.“Nauraea, please. I’m not an immortal chaos serpent. I need rest!” You pleaded.Nauraea grinned sadistically. Her fangs gleamed in the moonlight. “Nonsense!”You gulped. Her tail pinned your arms at your side. Nauraea began to kiss your shoulder, lining up for another bite. Looks like sleep was no longer an option.~~~~~~~~~~Life in Apliseline flourished in the months following your reconciliation with Nauraea. Whether having you around simply made her cheerier, or she had learned a lesson about compassion, Nauraea eased her iron grip on the Capsalisma (if only a little). Many oases that Tsakali had predicted to revolt reveled in their newfound freedoms, remaining uncontested territories of Apliseline. With lowered taxes, more caravans began to trickle into the desert in search of exotic goods. Wealth flowed into the cities, enriching the masses. While Tsakali initially chastised you and Nauraea over the net loss in crown revenue, seeing the effects of the trade eased assuaged most of her concerns.And things were even better for you. After some careful scrutiny from Nauraea and a bit of tutelage from Tsakali, you were ready to take on a more active role in ruling. You now took an active role in the court, meting judgement, entertaining visiting nobility, and tending to the concerns of your people. While Nauraea was initially hesitant to pass the reins to you, she came to enjoy the reprieve from her duties.Your relationship with Nauraea went swimmingly in spite of your fear that things might backslide into hate again. True to her word, she made an honest effort to know you without intimidation or threats. You kept your end of the bargain too, refraining from anything beyond teasing. The more you got to know her, the more you found to love. Nauraea was surprisingly sweet and innocent behind her domineering veneer, taking even the smallest gesture as a grand gesture of romance. She was crying so hard during your wedding in the church of Eros that they had to stop the ceremony to let her collect herself. And with thousands of years of life experience, the conversations were never dull. She would regale you for hours about history, politics, trivia, and magic while you helped polish her scales. More than anything, she loved to coil around you on cold nights and watch the stars. You were doing just that this night, nestled against her with a warm drink to chase away the cold.“Are you sure you don’t want to go inside? It’s freezing out here,” said Nauraea.“This isn’t cold,” you scoffed.“You didn’t live your whole life in a scorching desert. Ugh, maybe I should have let Nefkara win after all, I didn’t think it would get this cold…”“Then you wouldn’t have me,” you said.“No, I suppose I wouldn’t.” Nauraea kissed the top of your head.You held up your cup to hers. “To your victory.”Nauraea smiled and tapped her cup against yours. “Love conquers all.”You laughed. “I suppose it does.”