
    Chapter Text
    Lost
Barbatos, the warrior of light, the primal slayer of eorezia, the killing of tyrants and savior of the nine realms of the heavens.
Was absolutely lost.
Why was he lost? Well let me regale you in his epic tale in how our horic white haired gunbreaker was able to find himself lost within this seemingly endless forest.
Well it's not really epic, the boy was traveling down the road in search of his fellow adventurers and foind out the recent rumors in regards to any primals being summoned to their realm.
And he tripped.
Epic I know.
But that's how it happened, the boy tripped over his own boots, fell into a conveniently placed swirling purple portal and...here he was.
Keeping his trusty silver gunblade in hand, the young lad venturered forward, keeping his steps light through the forest as he looked towards any sign of a road or even a town that would be able to help him.
So far, nothing has come around but the mercenary wasn't one to give up easily, he had proven that time and time again when fighting off the various primals around his home and he was still kicking, minus the ability to see out of his right eye but Y'shtola had fixed that for him after the whole stormblood incident.
Back to the current situation. Barbatos was starting to wonder where he actually was, because the feeling of being watched hadn't left him since he got here. And it was starting to creep ever closer.
His next step was followed by a faint crack of a branch to his left. The gunbreaker pausing mid stride, the boy had a second to drop into a crouch as something flew over his head, bounding behind the tree line before he could see more than a mass of grey fur.
"I...really don't need this today" the gunbreaker muttered, sliding back into a loose stance, his gunblade resting on his shoulder as his white mercenary coat flowed softly in the wind. A second later the mass of fur leaped from his left.
Sharp claws met the flat side of the oriantle blade, pushing the boy back a few feet as his adversary tried to push their weight down on him. Blinking in surprise, Barbatos came face to face with what he could only describe as a beautiful looking woman with the monstrous features of a werewolf.
Her viciously, and strangely lustful looking smirk bearing down on him as she pushed her claws harder against the gunblade.
"So...why are you attacking me?" barbatos asked, keeping the women's claws at bay as she almost seemed surprised that he hadn't fallen over yet. Feeling her press for an advantage, Barbatos dropped into a crouch, his blade swinging forward as the wolf girl was forced to leap backwards to avoid losing her legs.
"I'm going to enjoy breaking you cutie" the wolf growled, her sharp teeth showing in her fanged smile as Barbatos tilted his head slightly in confusion. Keeping his eyes on her, the white haired boy retrieved a reload of his energised cartridges as he leaped backwards.
Just avoiding the wolf girl from pinning him against a tree as he reloaded the gunblade with a satisfying click. Twisting around the womens next attack, the gunbreaker smirked as he pulled the trigger of his blade, the energy of the cartridge exploding across his arm as he brought the side of the blade down on her exposed spin with a bone shattered crunch.
The women howled in pain for a second before Barbatos twisted, delivering a vicious kick to the side of her head as she crashed into an adjacent tree, slumping to the ground unconscious.
Shaking his head, the white haired boy retrieved a hipotion from his harness bag, crushing it in his hand as the healing energy washed over the down women, healing her body to before he had crippled her.
Best get some answers somehow right?
Leaning against a tree across from the girl, Barbatos rested his gunblade beside him as he waited for her to wake up and hopefully answer his questions. Taking a moment, the white haired boy took a good look at the girl across from him.
She was beautiful, black and grey fur covering most of her body, a main of grey fluffy hair with dark black streaks cascading down her back, her grey skin matched perfectly with her fur, almost making it look like she was covered in fur completely. Her legs being in the hind legs of a wolf, finished with a set of sharp claws that she had used to leap across the trees in their fight. Similarly her arms, well toned and made to tear into fresh meat.
Shaking his head, the boy looked up to see that the sun was setting soon. Heaving a sign, the gunbreaker pulled his white coat off his body, leaving him in his leathered chest place and leg armor as he draped the coat and harness over the women...rather volupuls figure.
Oh shush he was only 20, he was allowed to notice how attractive and well endowed a woman was, must be a pain jumping after live food with that size of chest only being held back by a small piece of animal hide.
Eh who was he to judge, he had to help thancred when the man was galavanting throughout a forest naked for about 3 weeks straight.
Good times.
Not long later, night had fallen and the grey haired wolf girl slowly found herself stirring awake. Blinking the sleep out of her eyes as she found the white haired boy sitting across from her, a camp fire burning brightly between them as a pair of skinned rabbits were being cooked over the red flames.
Slowly sitting up, the young woman found the gunbreakers coat resting over her shoulders, keeping her warm as she turned to the boy in confusion.
"You...didn't kill me?" she asked slowly, watching the man carefully as he turned his almost sparkingling blue eyes away from the fire to her.
"What? Why would I kill you?" Barbatos asked looking at the wolf girl in surprise, honestly the thought never even crossed his mind when he was fighting her, if you could call it a fight. But he wasn't going to make her feel any worse for being outclassed as she was.
"I tried to attack you, I was going to ravage you and make you my husband against your will, you wouldnt of had a choice!" she yelled, surprising the boy further as he caught onto her words.
"I'm sorry, you were going to...what?" he asked, honestly trying to comprehend what she was saying. "You were...going to sleep with me? That...that's a first" he said, blinking at the wolf girl as she shuffled to bring his coat more around her, not meeting his gaze.
"Well it didn't happen so who cares"
That caught the wolf girl by surprise this time.
"What?"
"It didn't happen, so no worries, honestly I thought you were trying to kill me and steal my stuff" he said, making the girl gawk at him in surprise.
"WHAT?! I never do that, I would have taken care of you as we raise our litter of pups together" she said, a soft blush blooming across her cheeks as she found the ground more interesting right now.
"That….i'm not going to get into that right now, how about we start again" Barbatos said, grabbing one of the cooked rabbits from the fire and holding it out for the girl to take. "Im Barbatos, mercenary gunbreaker at your service, '' he introduced, smiling widely at the cute wolf girl.
"I...I'm Lyra and i'm a werewolf, it's nice to meet you husband" Lyra spoke, taking the rabbit from the white haired boy, smiling at him as her words finally registered to his ears.
"Hus...what!"
  
    Chapter Text
    "Okay okay, let's...start again before i get anymore lost" Barbatos sighed, feeling his shoulders hunch as the more information Lyra gave him...the more crazy this place sounded."What part? The one about men being weak and unable to defend themselves and require a strong monster girl to take care of them, or that we thrive off of spirit energy from men and the best way to get it is through sex" the wolf girl said withouyt a hint of shame.Yeah...our resident gunbreaker was already feeling a major headache and it was only mid morning.Walking around the next set of trees, the white haired warrior looked up, watching as the trees above them swayed in the soft breeze. While this place was insane, it had a nice feeling to the athear that flowed through the air itself.Not as concentrated as back home but it was calm, without the constant primals breaking their way into the mortal realm the aether was able to keep a more calm presence around the world. A truly wonderful thing really."Let's start with the whale spirit energy, use monster girls need it to survive?" he asked, glancing back at the wolf girl as she smiled at him in return, her tail swishing from side to side as a faint blush crossed her cheeks."Not really, but it gives us a major boost in strength and when it comes directly from our husbands" she paused there, eyeing the gunbreaker with a fanged smirk. "It becomes a more potent source of energy to keep us going for longer" she finished suggestively as Barbatos shook his head before continuing down the trail ahead of them.He really wasn't going to get used to how open this woman was...but she was better company than that weird voice in his head. Hearing faint whispers wasn't anything new for the chosen warrior but….why did this one have to keep suggesting different ways to sleep with Lyra.He wasn't that easy.At least buy him dinner first gosh."Ignoring that" Lyra gave a soft whine and a cute pout at his words. "Are all men really that weak?" he asked, gaining a thoughtful look from the young women."Well...not really all men, my momma taught me and my sisters that men were weak and needed to be protected and cared for, my dad was kinda of a wimp so the advice kinda stuck" she explained, earning a slow nod from Barbatos. "But since i've set out on my own, i've heard tales of men from one of the order cities being able to hold off some lower monsters until a hero came to save them, but for the most part men are weaker" she finished as she gave the white haired man a side longed look."Which is why i'm confused on how you got so strong" she added as the gunbreaker smirked back at her."I'll tell ya about some of the stuff i've done over dinner when we make camp," he said, getting a happy nod from the girl as she practically skipped past him through the trees. "So what's the stuff with this durella chick and her faction?" he asked, his boots crunching on some of the loose branches as the hint of a tree line started to edge closer to them."She's the fourth born of queen lilith the demon lord" Lyra replied looking back at the man as she shook her hips to try and get his attention. Only to see the gunbreaker was more interested moving forward and out of the trees than taking her from behind.Oh she was going to get him, that was a promise!"The radical faction is one of the more popular armies for single monster girls, they raid large human cities, taking any man they can as their husbands and corrupting the women to become monster girls and further grow their ranks" the werewolf continued as Barbatos raised an eyebrow at her."You know alot about this stuff huh?" he spoke as the girl looked proud of herself."Of course I do, I was going to go join them to find a nice cute mate for myself" she said, smiling proudly as the gunbreaker gave her an odd look. "I don't need to do that anymore but I was learning as much as I could when in green demon realms and trading some stuff for supplies" she added as Barbatos shook his head."Okay, not going to get into how wrong that is, so where are we heading anyway, you said there was a village nearby but not what kind?" Barbatos asked, moving through the trees as he came to the end of the forest edge.Peering down the hills of grasslands, the gunbreaker spotted a decently large village nestled within the bottom of the valley, not close enough to see anyone but the signs of people moving around were there at least."This is the village of West End, the closest village that connects the forest here to the elven woods ahead of us," Lyra explained, standing beside the boy as she eyed his free hand. Glancing down at her pawed claw as she slowly reached to take his hand in hers.Only for the man to start walking down the hill, Lyras eyes folding back against her head with a sad whine."What's the village like?" Barbatos asked, watching as dark shapes flew through the sky above them as they walked closer to the village. The shapes vaguely looked like winged women...hopefully none of them knew Garuda...that wouldn't be pretty to find out."Its a green realm village, so very monster friendly, you'll find some single girls looking for you and some more looking to whisk you away into the night...not like i'll allow them to get my mate" Lyra explained, finishing her statement with a growl as Barbatos raised an eyebrow at her.She does realise he crippled her in their one sided fight right? Best not think about it...to peer into a woman's mind is a path laid with madness.Before the duo could get any closer, they were stopped as a trio of winged women descended down towards them, the three looking like triplets as they all shared the same cute faces and hairstyles, the only difference is that their hair colour was a slightly different shade and their wings on their arms had different coloured trips to their feathers."Hi, who are you cutie?" the red headed harpie girl asked, stepping forward as she got in really close to Barbatos personal space. Only to be pushed back by Lyra as she growled at the girl.Behind her, Barabtos felt a pair of talons run along her shoulders as the orange haired girl looked over his shoulder."I lovvvveee you coat mister, wonder what it would look like on my nests floor?" said she batted her eyes flirtishly at him."Hay! get away from him!" Lyra growled, twisting to face the girl as Barbatos slowly edged away from the four women."Awww but he's single right, I don't smell anything between you two so...I want him" the red haired harpy said with a wide smile as Barabtos found himself sighing at their odd argument."Can i just get to the village and sit down for like a minute?" he muttered as the third of the trio rested their talon on his shoulder."While those 3 argue, why don't I show you around?" the blonde haired harpy said with a soft smile on her face. "My husband is working in the fields today so I have some free time to show around a newcomer" she added as the gunbreaker smiled gratefully at her."That would be amazing, so, what's the deal with those two?" he asked, throwing a thumb back towards the other two harpies arguing with Lyra. luckily it seemed they had not come to blows...yet."Not many single guys walk around a demon realm and stay single for long, so my sisters are always on the lookout for a nice husband to grab" the blonde women explained before her eyes fell onto the white haired mans attire and more importantly the orinatal styled single gunblade resting on the harness on his back."You look ready to take on anything, any reason why you need a sword?" she asked as Barabatos smirked at the women."Can I get a name before I talk about my job?" he replied with a laugh as the women blushed i9n embarrassment from being caught out."Sorry about that, I'm Popi, my sisters are Papi and Hapi, I know our mother was very creative when it came to us" she said as the man raised an eyebrow at their names."I'm Barbatos, gunbreaker for hire and all around handyman for anyone that needs something taken care of" the man said with a smile as Popi smirked at him."Careful with those words, I know a few girls that could use a handyman for their personal needs" Popi replied with a smirk as the white haired man scratched the back of his head awkwardly. Coming through the gate of the village, Barabtos found his eyes wandering to the street vendors decorating the alleyways, monster girls of numerous species milling about in peace.Some of them turning their attention to stare directly at him with giggles and smirks making a way to their faces.Why….are all these women so attractive!"Wow, haven't seen a village this nice since i last visited Gardinia" Barbatos mused as he looked at the various food stalls as the two of them walked by."Our little village is one of the first stops towards the more concentrated demon realms of the region, a hub of travels and newly married couples making their way inland to really experience how a monster girl would live" Popi explained with pride."That's nice" Barbatos said, feeling his smile strain slightly at the thought of how most of these couples came to be married in the first place.This wasn't his world but damn how things worked here was kinda messed up on so many levels.But that was a train of thought for later.Before the two could get any further, they heard the sound of someone bounding towards them before Barbtos found himself tackled to the ground by a grey furred blurr. Unable to even shout in surprise as he found his face engulfed in the werewolves sizable bust."Hubby, why did you leave!" Lyra yelled, drawing more attention to the group as Papi and Hapi landed beside their sister, watching with frowns as the man they wanted to claim was being suffocated by the werewolf before them."If you two are done arguing with the women, get back into patrolling the skies, we are still on lookout for the elven guests that are to be heading this way for a trade run remember?" Popi said as her two sisters whined at her words. Grumbling to themselves as they took to the skies, promising to find the white haired man later."Oh god I can breathe!" Barbatos yelled, taking a big breath of air as Lyra finally released him from his prison of fur. Climbing to his feet, Barbatos turned his attention back to Popi as Lyra gave her a narrow eyed look."Anyway, back to the tour, there's an inn there if you and your...partner want to get a room for your stay In West End" the harpy explained, gesturing towards the large tavern-like building they were approaching. "The inn keep is an old high orc and some of her girls who haven't gone off to join other orc tribes work to keep the place going" she added as the three of them passed by the door.Barbatos just caught a glimpse of the green skinned women working at the bar, an older looking woman standing behind the counter as she spotted him looking into the door. With a wink, the older orc raised her glass to the Gunbreaker as Barabtos was tempted to go and get a drink, the place looked nice.Only to be dragged away from the tavern by an irate Lyra, Popi finding is highly amusing as she followed the two up the street and towards the more open courtyards."Something going on?" Barbatos asked, looking towards guards that were posted around the courtyard and street entrances. It seemed like a lot more than what was needed for this kind of village."Just some extra postings around the village, we have some Elven guests arriving from one of the closers towns, they don't particularly like monster in general but trade agreements between towns out here is a must" Popi explained as the numerous succubi and harpie guards were positioned around the vantage points...looking rather board with it all."Giving away information again Popi '' a new voice spoke as the three turned to see a blkack haired woman approaching them. "So who is this, you trying to get one of your sisters wed off?" she asked, eyeing the white haired man with a smile.The woman was a succubus, grey blue skin, a devilishly sly smirk on her blackened lips as her ruby eyes looked Barbatos up and down, her gaze settling on the gunblade handle sticking over his shoulder as her expression shifted to confusion for a second."Just showing these two around for a bit, not much else to do until the Elves get here" Popi replied as the woman shook her head with a small sigh."Don't remind me, they will be arriving soon and then I'm going to be stuck arguing with them for hours about road protection and how we are corrupting the lands and blah blah blah" the succubus said with an exaggerated gesture of annoyance. "So what's your name boy, I'm Mileena the mayor of this quaint little village" Milena introduced as she held a hand out to him."Names Barbatos, gunbreaker mercenary" the man replied, shaking the woman's hand firmly with a wide smile."Mercenary, you got an adventurer's licence then?" Mileena asked as Barbatos scratched the back of his head with an awkward sigh."I do but I don't think it'll apply to this region" he replied showing the eorzea styled guild card he had been given from the adventurers guild back home. He hadn't needed to show that thing in years since he was well known around the world as the warrior of light."Might what to get yourself over to the adventurers college in Visorhold, don't want to get arrested for taking on quests without permission" Mileena said, making Lyra perk up behind them."Oh yeah! The college helps train anyone and everyone to learn how to take on dungeons and other quests that townsfolk give out. But don't they have an issue with male adventurers?" she asked as Barabtos raised an eyebrow at that particular piece of information."Your husband looks strong enough to handle it honey" the succubus replied as Lyra found herself blushing at the older woman's words. I mean they weren't properly together but….she was going to have that ass no matter what!Before they could continue their conversation, a small ring echoed throughout the courtyard as Mileena let her shoulders slump at what was to come."Here we go, Popi get to the front gate and have my assistant welcome the Elves into the town, you two, stay out of trouble and we can speak later" she said, unfolding her wings and taking flight towards the larger building on the other side of the courtyard."Back to work I guess, have fun In West End you two, if you head to the tavern tell em Popi sent ya, the old orc will give you both a nice meal and drink on me" the harpy explained, taking flight in the opposite direction and leaving the werewolf and Gunbreaker to themselves."So...drink?" Barbatos asked, gesturing back towards the tavern they had passed as Lyra smiled excitedly at him, taki9ng his arm between hers and practically dragging him off towards the doors.As our hero was getting used to his new surroundings, a familiar set of blazing ember eyes looked down upon the village from the trees, the beings hulking mass barley being hidden before the trees as a few of the branches caught fire from just brushing against its molten scaled skin.A demonic grunt rumbled from the beings through, turning away from the village and shambling through the trees, its red hot claws carelessly scorching the nearby barks as it moved.Its eyes narrowing with a flaming hatred at the sight of that pathetic mortal once again.It would have its revenge once the white haired boy was impaled upon its flaming pike, his cries of agony being music to the monster's ears as it ripped his head from his shoulders.Yes, Ifrit the primal of fire was going to enjoy scratching this mortal village to the ground, reducing it all to ashes as the beginning of its new empire in this strange realm.And it would start with that boy's head on its pike as a trophy for all to bear witness to.Oh it could already taste victory.Soon...this flame will see the first of many primals showing them just how small they were to them.
  
    Chapter Text
    "And then, hahaha, and then Y'shtola was all, try again when your older little man" Barabtos finished, the gathering patrons of the tavern exploding with laughter at his story, smiles and drink shared by all as the whole pub was abuzz with activity.Barbatos and Lyra had been at the tavern for a few hours now, meeting with the head chief Mia as she gave them a full meal on the house just like Popi had said. What had started out as a slow day for the tavern orcs soon turned into a full on rush of customers as the Gunbreaker started telling stories of his exploits.Lyra was snuggled up to his side, a heavy blush on her cheek as four tankards of ale were empty in front of her, the white haired man himself having finished four of them as the other bar goers had introduced themselves to the newcomer.The man was happy to speak with them all, answering as many questions as he could without giving away too much information on how he ended up here. Even drunk as he was he had to be careful with what he said around these monster girls.As the day drew on and the sun began to set, Barbatos had found himself exiting the tavern on his own, leaving Lyra in a room he had requested as she passed out from the amount of ale she had. For a strong girl like her she didn't seem to have a tolerance for drink thats for sure.Breathing in the evening air, Barabtos looked up as the dim night light were coming to life as the succubi and other airborne monsters made some last minute patrols begin landing and going about their business. some of them eyeing him up as they walked past him and into the bar for a drink after a long day.Others openingly inviting him back into the tavern and that one girl trying to get him to go down a dark alleyway with her for some fun.Well he wasn't in the mood for that so he declined politely, keeping himself out of her range as he walked off down the street, enjoying the peaceful air around him.While he didnt like the idea of this world, it was peaceful. And even with his broken connection to the weather, he could feel the honest to primal love and just pure care that flowed through the night air.It was just amazing to feel and Barabtos wanted to enjoy it for a while...before he got himself caught up in some crazy adventure and started fighting for his life again. And probably breaking a lot of property while he was at it.A sharp bang of someone slamming a door caught his attention, glancing to his side as he noticed a tall blonde woman angrily exiting an inn with an angry scowl on her lips. Her attire was more of a ranger or archer which made her stand out a bit more compared to everyone else in the town.So this must have been one of the Elves that Mileena was talking about earlier.Well might as well say hello."So...did the door piss you off or was it innocent of any crime?" Barbatos joked walking up to the girl as she spun on him, a dagger being unsheathed as it almost caught his throat. Only to be stopped by the iron for guards the gunbreaker wore. "Well...that's not very nice" he added as the Elf blinked in awe at his speed."What ...oh I'm sorry I just...argh" the woman mumbled her shoulder slumping in defeat as she seemed to realise what she had done."Sno harm done, so why not tell me what's got you all worked up, miss…" Barabtos promoted, leaning against the inn wall as the elf looked up at him in surprise."What, no, why would I tell you, you're a stranger?" she asked, looking at him with suspicion as the gunbreaker smirked at her."Well, I'm barbatos and currently i've got an ear open to hear about your troubles ma'am" the gunbreaker spoke, giving the young women some respect as she looked like she wasn't having the best of days."I...well why not like this day can get any worse" she replied...foreshadowing! "I'm Syr Lions vice captain of the guard" the women introduced, giving the gunbreaker a small bow. Barabtos smiled at her, pushing himself off the wall as he turned towards the exit of the alleyway."Lets go to the courtyard, the air is a bit more peaceful then a stuffy alleyway" he said, waving a hand towards the fountain at the centre of the courtyard. Syr smiled in return, following the man as she noticed the white coat he was wearing, sporting a leather and armoured harness that held a beautiful yet strange sword.Why would a man need something like that?Sitting down the duo looked up towards the clear night sky. Barabtos was enjoying the new stars that he could see, wondering if this world had their own set of constellations to learn about. He knows that some of his friends would absolutely love to learn about the night skies here.Turning his attention to the elf, Barabtos smiled as he noticed the slightly awkward expression on her face. "So...what troubles you milady?" he asked, waiting for her to gather her thoughts.The young woman breathed out a small sigh as she turned her eyes towards the stars. "Just had a very frustrating day really, once we got here that succubus and my captain went straight to insults and just, not the best environment for discussing trade agreements" Syr explained as Barabtos nodded his head in understanding.He was kinda surprised that Mileeena had started arguing as well but he didn't really know the women that well so...maybe she did have a temper to her.Oh well."So if they were arguing, what made you storm out?" he asked, watching as Syr blushed in embarrassment."I ugh….I told them to calm down because we just wanted to sort out the trade agreements and be on our way, only for the mayor to….shush me because a woman without a husband shouldnt have any saw in the matters between leaders" Syr explained looking away from the man as Barbatos raised at eyebrow at her words.What a weird thing to say."That...honestly makes no sense...like at all" he replied, surprising the young woman as she turned to look back at him. "I mean from what i've seen being married doesn't really change anything, you could still be horrible at a job and having something like that raise your importance just seems silly to me" he continued as Syr found herself smiling at him in return."I'm actually surprised to hear that from a human of all things, I thought you would have had your mind wrapped around the pleasures of sex with your wife" Syr said as Barabatos chuckled at her words."Wife? Oh I'm not married, I'm actually just passing through here, got lost in the woods and had some help getting to this village" he explained, surprising the young elf further."Now that I can't believe, a single man in a demon realm, you must have some luck Barbatos" she said, smiling at the man with a light blush across her cheeks. Barbatos chuckled in response, looking away and scratching the back of his head to avoid looking at the cute elf girl he was talking to.This world had far too many attractive women to be good for his health."So where will you be heading then?" Syr voice brought the gunbreaker out of his musing, turning to look at her as she faced him with interest."I think i'll be heading to the adventurers college in Visorhold, the guild card i own doesn't work in this country so in order to make some coin ill need to get a new one" Barabtos replied as the women raised an eyebrow at him."You don't look like a healer to me?" she said as the man paused at her words prompting her to continue. "Don't take it the wrong way but the only male adventures around are used as healers and pack mules for the monster girls they follow into dungeons and on other quests, not the nicests of jobs from what i've heard" she finished as Barabatos frowned in thought."Well id be useless has a healer honestly, my connection to the weather has been broken for a long time now" he said softly as Syr looked at him in shock."Aether, you mean your spirit energy?" she asked as the mana nodded slowly. "That's...how are you even alive?" she whispered as Barbatos shrugged softly. Honestly the explanation that Y'shtola gave to him had completely gone over his head.Well his connection was broken but, you can't really explain that you had to lock your aether away because of the dark entity that had almost taken over your soul and raised a city to the ground in a fit of rage.Yeah that was not a fun time in his life that's for sure."Not to worry, I have a mage friend of mine give me a clean bid of health before I took up this blade" he replied, gesturing to the gunblade on his back."I was going to ask about that, I've never seen such a sword before" Syr said looking at the sword with interest as Barabtos took it from his back, placing it across his lap as the elf was able to see all of the different components and details that made up the blade.And allowing her keen eyes to pick up the faint scratches and nicks of the well used blade, showing a bit of history in how much Barabtos had used the sword since he had got it."Yep, this old sword was gift from my mentor, the old lion heart handed it to me after I finished my training under him, told me to keep the edge sharp and to bring him back as many stories as possible before he retired to Gardenia with his wife" Barabatos said, remembering the old lion mans words fondly as he thought about the kinds of adventures he and this sword had been on since.Good times.Well not a good time but...they were kinda fun when he wasnt fighting for his life...which now that he thinks about it was almost all of the time.Oh well it all worked out in the end.Before the two could continue their conversation, the sound of panic and shouting reached their ears. A second later the inn across the courtyard exploded with a raging fire, sending the once peaceful night into a blind panic.Monster girls and their husbands running in terror as a raging fire swept through the town, torching buildings and injuring more of the fleeing townsfolk.A hulking mass of muscle and molten scale lumbling just beyond the red hot fires. A pair of burning ember eyes narrowed as they caught sight of the white haired man sitting at the fountain.A second later a scream of fire exploded towards the duo. Barabatos tackled Syr out of the way as they narrowly escaped being burnt alive.Looking up Syr saw the devastation the fire had caused, the once beautiful fountain was reduced to molten slag and ash."Get out of here!" Barabtos yelled, stepping in front of the downed elf sweeping his gunblade through the air as he locked his blue eyes with a familiar set of embers."What, but…" before she could continue, the gunbreaker took off in a dead sprint towards the flames, surprising the elf at his speed as the tiles of the courtyard cracked where he once stood.Disappearing beyond the wall of flames, Barabatos collided with the unknown mass of rage and fire, sending them both further away from the burning buildings and out into one of the more open fields around the town.Before she could get her senses about her, Syr found herself being hauled to her feet by the Mileena and her captain, the mayor looking at the destruction around them in shock."Guards! Get these fires under control, Elf, can you and yours round up my people and get them to the taverns, they are builts to take more punishment that the average inns" she ordered as the older elf captain nodded, sending her troops off to do their jobs as she kept a good grip on Syr."Syr, what happened here?" she demanded, looking towards her fellow elf as the younger elf shook her head to clear her thoughts."There's no time! Barbatos just disappeared and took that monster with him! He's beyond the flames that way" she yelled, surprising the two leaders as they turned towards the flames that blocked their view.Mileena narrowed her eyes, unfolding her wings as she caught sight of something huge swinging its claws around one of fields outside of the town, as a smaller figure diving out of the way to avoiding being sliced in two by the monster."This is just getting better and better, Popi come with me! You two round up some fighters!" MIleena ordered taking to the skies as Popi joined her, the two flying out towards the fight beyond the town."Never thought i'd be taking orders from a succubus" the older elf commented, turning towards Syr to issue her next orders. Only to pause as someone else spoke first."You! Where is my husband, his scent is strongest around you!" Lyra growled, marching up to the two elves. Syr turned to the grey furred werewolf, wondering what she was going on about.Barbatos said he wasn't married."Now is not the time monster, get back to the tavern I'm sure you man is cowering in there" the elf captain replied sternly as Lyra never took her eyes off of Syr."Where is my Barabtos!" she demanded as Syr stared at her in surprise."What? Oh never mind, come on!" Syr said, grabbing the girl's paw and taking off towards the fires ahead of them. "That man threw himself at the monster, let's go!" she added, making her captain stare at her in surprise as she watched the two younger girls sprint through the fires towards the fight.Shaking her head, the elf took off after the two, wondering what else was going to happen today.Outside the village, Barabatos rolled to the right of a flame claw attack, the searing hot flames exploded outwards and washing over his white coat as he shielded his eyes from the intense heat."That was dirty!" he yelled, leaping forward and striking upwards with his gunblade, the razor sharp edge of the blade scratching at the monster side before he rolled. Skidding to a stop across the now flaming field. His armoured boots dug into the ground as he and the flaming demon turned to each other.Ifrit huffed in annoyance at the man's words, narrowing its flaming eyes in irritation as bouts of flames escaped through its jagged and serrated teeth. Creeping onto all fours, the flame incarnate prowled in a slow circle, the gunbreaker matching his pace as the two circled each other like sharks ready to strike at any moment."So how did you get here, there's no one here that worships you Ifrit" Barabatos spoke, resting his blade on his shoulders as his free hand retrieved a new set of glowing cartridges from his back pouch."You've felt the weather yourself mortal, this world is not restrained by us primals there isn't a need for us to have it channeled by your slaves" the fire primal spoke its fanged snarl curling into a cruel grin as Barabtos narrowed his eyes at its words."Yeah I felt the world flow too, but you don't have an anchor here, so how did you do it" Barabtos replied, aiming his blade forward as he came to a stop, dragging the sword back slowly as Ifrit followed his actions in turn."You won't live long enough to find out" Ifrit snarled, drawing its claw back as its jagged flaming pike formed in its grip, narrowing its eyes on the white haired man as the two paused, staring at each other.Just outside of their fight, Mileena and Popi had landed on one of the burnt roof tops, staring in shock and fear at the hulking mass of molten skin. The beastly looking demon hunches over on its hind legs, a pair of red hot horns sprouting from its demonic face. Its long powerful arms ending in red hot claws and effortlessly craved burning grooves into the soil under it.This thing was the stuff of nightmares to any of the monster girls.Below them Lyra, Syr and the elf captain stopped to stare at the unknown monster as well, Lyra's eyes finding Barabtos standing off against the beast with a faint glow in his blue eyes.Why….why was her husband fighting this thing!Before she could move forward to help Syr had grabbed her shoulder making the werewolf snarl at her."Let go of me I have to..." before she could finish a resounding crack exploded throughout the field.Barbatos shot off towards Ifrit, his blade swinging upwards as the demonic fire demon met him halfway, its pike slamming down on the gunbreaker as their weapons clashed harshly against each other.Fire exploded around the two, almost knocking the watchers off their feet as the two fought for dominance.This...was only the start of this titanic fight.And they were about to bear witness to what a true gunbreaker could do.
  
    Chapter Text
    Fire raged around the two fighters, the gathered onlookers shielding their eyes from the intense heat as the two pushed against each other, each one trying to force the other back to gain an advantage.Suddenly Barabtos twisted his blade, directing Ifrits pike to impale the ground beside him. Not even a second later the titanic fire demon threw its head back in a roar of pain, stumbling backwards as molten magna sprayed from the wound that Barbatos had scored on the left side of its face.Before the gunbreaker could press his advantage, ifrit threw a claw forward his pike reacting to its master's commands as it pulsed with energy. Barabtos dove to the side, the pike exploding with tremendous force as he was thrown off its feet, tumbling across the scorched field.Twisting as best he could, the gunbreaker stabbed his blade into the ground, skidding to a stop as he crouched, his legs tense and wasting for Ifrits next move. The fire demon gave him no quarter, charging across the field like a mad bull, tearing up the scorched soil with its booming stomp of its claws.Leaping forward, the gunbreaker fell into a low slide, just avoiding the fire primals swinging claws as it ripped the ground apart, fire scorching through the air to turn the white haired man to cinders.Twisting in his slide, the gunbreaker pushed off the ground, leaping into the air as he swung his blade down on the beasts exposed back, pulling the trigger of his gunblade as the hammer mechanism ignited one of the cartridges within the barrel.The blade hit, the scorching hot energy of the cartridge allowing the bladed edge to score another more sizable wound on the demon spine, making the primal roar in rage at being hit once again by the small mortal.Bringing its claws down onto the ground, the fire demon unleashed a hellish torrent of fire, sending the gunbreaker flying across the clearing. Before he could even land, the fire demon had already launched itself towards him. Its claws curled into a fist as it brought tis arm down on the man's chest with an echoing crunch making the gathered townsfolk wince in fear."We have to help!" Lyra all but screamed, trying to break free from Syr's grip as she held the werewolf at bay from leaping into this fight. And most likely getting herself torn to ribbons by the fire demon."What do we expect we do, that...we can't fight that!" Syr yelled, watching in horror as the demon brought another arm down within the dust cloud it had created, another echoing boom making everyone turn away, unable to watch as the white haired young man was crushed to death with each hit."Syr, we don't need to, get you bow ready I have the rest of the guard stationed to attack" her captain's words surprised the young elf, making to look up as the stern glare the older captain wore never left the monsters form."Once its distracted, my girls will swoop in and get Barbatos out of there, hopefully he's not too hurt" Mileena chimed in as both the elf and werewolf noticed the three harpy girls waiting in the air for the best moment to get the man out of the fight.Before the captain could tissue the order, Ifrit was suddenly thrown off its feet, stumbling onto its back as the sound of another cartridge being used within the dust cloud. A swipe of the shining steak blade dispersed the cloud, letting everyone see the man leap into the air, his sword coursing with red flaming energy as he brought it down on the struggling demon."Come on, you can do better than that!" Barabatos challenged, scoring another hit on the primal as Ifrit roared in rage, fire brimming from within its throat as the gunbreaker moved to bring his sword down on the demon's neck.Only to be blown backwards by a stream of red hot blade, just barely bringing his blade up to block most of the attack as he skidded back across the field, getting his teeth in pain as the primals fires licked across his body, hungrily waiting to turn him to ashes if he wasn't careful.Narrowing his eyes, the gunbreaker dove to the right, avoiding the claw coming to impale his chest as he moved to strike out with his sword.Only to have ifrit twist towards him, a devastating crunching booming on impact as the demon fist sent him flying across the clearing, hioss body crumbling on the ground as the white haired man coughed up blood, feeling his ribs crack as he struggled to breath.Ifrit snarled cruelly, creeping across the clearing as its pike reformed within its claws."You've beaten me far too many times mortal" he snarled, flame-like energy flowing around its form as the heat its mere presence gave off increased in intensity. "But not now, with this world's aether, I can take in all I want and you will be unable to meet my power" it snarled, slamming its free hand down on the man's spine, scorching his coat and burning his skin with intense red hot flames."I'm going to enjoy this" it snarled cruelly, bringing its pike up to carve the gunbreakers head from his shoulders as slowly and painfully as possible.Before he could get his revenge, a barrage of arrows suddenly struck the demon's face, throwing off its aim as its pike impaled the ground beside Barabatos's head. Before ifrit could turn to rip the offending attackers to shreds, two Harpy girls swooped down, their talons roughly kicking the side of the primals face, sending it stumbling off balance.The final strike to force the monster away from Barabtos was Lyra, shoulder charging the primals exploded chest, sending it stumbling across the clearing as she landed beside Syr, the elf taking aim with her bow as the others moved to take aim as well.Lyra didn't hesitate to rush to Barabtos's side, looking on in horror as she took in the burnt coat he wore, the smoldering hole in the back revealing the charge blackened flesh from where Ifrit was torturing him with its fire."Lyra move!" Mileena called out, just getting the werewolves' attention before she was back handed across the cleaning, an explosion of fire sending the other monster girls and elves flying in all directions.Shaking her head, the young wolf looked to see the flaming monster bearing down on her, its jagged fangs parting to reveal the smoldering hot flames that were being gathered within its throat."You dare!" the primal snarled, a claw slamming down on the young women as she felt the full agonizing pain of its flames coursing over her flesh. "Try to rob me of my victory, mortal! I will rend you limb from limb!" it roared, crushing Lyra's chest against the scorched ground as she cried out in agony.Behind the beast, the elves were firing everything they could, doing nothing against its scaled hide as the arrows harmlessly bounced off, not even getting any sort of attention from the monster of flames.Mileena and the harpies couldn't get near the beast either, the intense heat building up around the monster was pulsing with chaotic fire, burning their wings when they attempted to help the trapped werewolf.Lifting its claw up, the Ifrit bore down on the injured monster girl, relishing in her agony as it brought its claw tips together, preparing to impale her with one swift strike."Die knowing that little warrior will join you in the void soon, along with the rest of this pathetic village!" the primal snarled, thrusting its arm forwards as the others called out for the monster to stop.Lyra closed her eyes, waiting for the agony to erupt from her chest before her life was snuffed out. She only wished she could have spent more time with Barbatos before this all happened.A second ticked by and when she didn't feel anything, Lyra peeked and eye open to see the back of someone standing between her and the fire primal. His once white coat was falling to pieces around him, the back of his armoured chest plate was scotched and revealed the burnt flesh underneath.Standing defiantly between her and the claw that was going to end her life, was her husband to be.Barabtos gritted his teeth, blood flowing down the side of his lips as one of his arms hung loosely at his shoulder. The other holding up his gunblade and just barely holding ifrits claws from impaling the two of them."Oi" he growled, a faint greenish glow forming around his figure. The white haired gunbreaker pulling the trigger of his gunblade as everyone watched the energy pulse around him.Healing his wounds and allowing him to once again match the monster strength."Hands off the werewolf" he added, bringing his blade downwards and forcing ifrit to stumble forward. Only to be flung backwards with a cry of pain as Barabtos viciously headbutted the primal with as much strength as he could muster."Oh that felt good, come on now I'm just getting warmed up flame brain" the gunbreaker snarked, hopping from one boot to the other, discarding the rest of his coat as he stabbed his gunblade into the ground beside him.Across the clearing, ifrit leaped back to its feet, snarling angrily at the mortal, bringing its pike to bare as its legs tensed to make a charge at him.Smiling viciously, Barabtos grabbing his blade again, pulling the trigger as a amber energy coursed over his body, his eyes sharpening towards the demon as the barrel cycled another cartridge into the chamber."Die you pathetic whelp!" ifrit roared, lunging forward as Barabtos met it halfway. His blade meeting the flaming pike as fire exploded around the two. The gunbreaker twisted his blade and he stepped forward, dragging the edge up the monster arm and cutting through the primals claws.With a vicious twist, the man jerked the blade upwards, severing half of ifrits fingers as the primal roared in agony, stumbling away to cradle its ignored hand.Barabtos gave him no room to breathe, leaping forward as he struck out with a wide kick to the monster's chin, and then coming down on the primals exposed knee and he pulled the trigger of his blade again."Crushing fang!" The man roared, his blade super heating as the not white hot edge severed the primals limb with ease, sending ifrit tumbling onto its back. Trying to swipe at the gunbreaker with its pike, Barabtos brought his sword to bear blocking the pike as azure energy coursed over his body.With the pull of the trigger, the man surged forward, breaking Ifrit's hold on its pike and sending it flying away from them. With a growl, Barbatos brought the sword down on the primals shoulder, removing the limb with a crunch as the primal cried out in agony.Before it could move again, Barabtos stomped on its chest, the tip of his blade pointed at the monster's throat as his now glowing eyes stared at the primal."Answer me Ifrit, are the rest of the primals here?" he demanded, keeping his blade ready to end the monster mortal form and send it back to the aether once again.The primal chuckled lowly at the mortal's words, " you think I'm the only one that formed you little pest" it snarled, glaring at the man as heat started to build within its chest, smiling cruelly at the gunbreaker."You won't survive us all again warrior of light, you will die, and I will make it slow" the primal finished its fangs curling into a grin as Barbatos had no time to react.A second later the monster's chest exploded with a supernova of fire, sending the man flying into one of the burnt buildings walls, landing with a painful crunch. His eyes were blurry as he caught sight of numerous people rushing towards him.Hopefully to help him cause damn that was a good fight.Before he fully blacked out, a grey and black blur reached for his head, the feeling of soft fur cradling him as he slipped into unconsciousness.Guess it was too much to ask for a little bit of a break before fighting a primal again.Oh well at least he didn't have to deal with any political fall out this time.
  
    Chapter Text
    Deep below the slowing sands of the great desert, a pair of looming amber eyes glowing, a trembling grumbling shaking the earth around the being as it stretched and moved its rocky body.Far across the oceans a serpent-like body shot through the currents, its pulsing roar shaking the deep waters that the sea bishops called home, disappearing into the depths with a flick of its powerful tail.High above the mountain, a raging tornado hid a cruel sly smile, sharpened wings and even sharper talons grasping the mountain's rock as a beautiful laugh sent chills down all the spines of all that could hear the whispering laugh.In the forest of the fairies, a long white beard was softly stroked, a sparkle of purple lightning crackling across the old weathered fingers as the fairies and smaller monster girls looked in awe at the old being floating contently in the trees above their home.Across the skies, a white monster swam through the clouds like it was water, diving in and out of view of the aviens monster watched in awe and fear as this titanic monster swallowed part of a mountain whole. Its massive maw crunching down on the rock like it was soft bread.Deep under the ground, a pair of glowing orange blades cut through the rock, as a deep cruel chuckle sent the insect-like monster girls into a panic. The towering incest like being grinning crueling behind its carpirice like visor.Across the great draconic city of dragons, a tremor shook the grating beneough the dragons girls feet, sending them into a panic as the monster girls rallied their armies for an attack.Only to see a large, titanic pair of dragon-like wings unfolding beyond the ash cloud of the volcano in the distance, another roar shaking the women and their husbands to their core as they felt a primal fear of what had taken up residence near their home.Barabtos, could only gorna softly, feeling like he went 20 rounds with no breaks with tian itself. And only a small stick to defend himself with.Trying to sit up, the man was gently pushed back down by a pair of soft paws, his blurry vision turning to see a familiar grey shape looming over him. "...atos, just rest..." he could barely hear the women's words, feeling himself lose consciousness again as a faint glow overtook him.Feeling himself waking again, the white haired man slowly opened his eyes, staring at the wooden ceiling above him as a wave of nausea hit him in full force. Scrunching his eyes shut, the gunbreaker barely kept himself from vomiting over the white sheets of the bed he was laying in."Syr! He's awake!" a familiar voice called as the man slowly sat up, a pair of paw gently easing him against the backboard of the bed."Huh...what?" he grumbled, grabbing his head as he felt the memories of his last fight flood back in full force. "Shit Ifrit!" he groaned, shaking his head as he caught sight of a grey blur waving in front of him."Come on Barbatos eat, you need something" Lyras voice made the mna blink as he glanced up to see the werewolf holding a bowl of some kind of stew on her paws, a spoon full of the good held out to him to take."Don't force him Lyra, the mans just been awake from a healing coma...which should have kept him under longer" Syr's voice made the man look away from the werewolf, spotting the elf at the door to the room, holding a bundle of something in her arms as she entered."How are you feeling?" she asked gently, sitting the bundle down at the end of the bed as she stood beside Lyra, the werewolf still holding out the food to him as she shot the elf a mild glare."Like I've been run over by a behemoth" Barabtos grumbled, accepting the spoonful of food from Lyra as her eyes lit up happily, her tail wagging behind her as she helped Varvatos have some more of the stew."How is the village, where can I help?" Barbatos asked, looking towards Syr as Lyra placed the bowl on the side table, both of the girls looking at the man like he was crazy."You...just barely survived fighting that, that thing and you want to help?" Syr asked slowly, looking at the man like he was insane."Just had me my gunblade and I'll be as good as new, actually where's my stuff?" he asked as Lyra looked at the dumble beside her."Your coat is being repaired by some of the Archanie that offered to help the hero of my village" another voice spoke as the three turned to see Mileena walking into the room, her hands gently holding the man's weapon as it glinted in the light, showing that someone had given it a good cleaning while he was out."The rest of your equipment is here" she added, looking towards the bundle Lyra was holding in her paws. "And for wanting to help, while I appreciate the offer lad, you've done more than enough already" the succubus explained, looking knowing at the man as he grinned sheepishly."Ha, caught on to that did you?" Barabtos chuckled as the mayor gave him a sly smirk in return."You did throw yourself and that thing as far away from my village as possible, kept its attention on you at all times and even stopped it from destroying omreo of our homes, I think the hero deserves some rest don't you girls?" she said looking towards the two as a faint blush bloomed across the monster girl's cheeks."We will talk about all of this in my office, for now test and get some more food in you, for someone so strong you sure are skinny" Mileena added winking at the man as she sauntered out of the room, leaving the two girls as Lyra snarled at the closing door."Where does that hussy get at flirting with my hubby? '' she grumbled, leaning over the bed and resting her body on Barabatos's legs. "He only has eyes for me, right darling" she said, batting her eyes at the gunbreaker as he looked away with a shy chuckle."Leave him alone Lyura, the man needs rest before you try corrupting him, he did almost get incinerated" Syr reprimed the werewolf as he words caught up to Barabtos."My photos!" he exclaimed, grabbing the bundle of equipment from Lyra as he fumbled to grab something from one of the harness bags. The two girls looked at him with interest as he pulled out a number of small white pieces of paper, looking at them with relief as he checked to see if they had been damaged at all in the fight.Syr glanced over the man's shoulder, spotting a collection of small pictures, each one having the gunbreaker standing with someone else or even a group of people unknown to her."Ohhhh, who are these people?" Lyra asked, sitting herself down on the other side of Barabatos, looking over the photos and narrowing her eyes as she spotted two white haired women in some of them with her husband.She wasn't jealous...just, protective of her mate thats all!"These are my friends, I keep these photos for when I'm away from them for months on end, reminding me that I have people to go back to, '' he said slowly shifting through the photos, each one showing the gunbreaker smiling or goofing off with someone new to the two young women."Is that an elf?" Syr asked, looking at the blue clad elf boy laughing in one of the photos, as barbatos was stuffing his face by a campfire with another white haired man in a similar outfit to his."Thats Alphinanou, he's been one of my closest friends sense I started out as a scion and fighting primals" Barabtos said fondly remembering that Thancred had challenged him to an eating contest while alphinadou laughed at how silly the two of them were acting on their scouting mission.Good times."Who is this?" Lyra asked, glaring down at a photo in the man's hands. Barabtos blinked, following her line of sight to see a photo of Barbatos with Y'shtola herself sitting in his lap, the cat girl smiling coily as Barabtos was awkwardly holding her waist, trying to keepi her tail from tickling his nose."Hahaha, thats Y'shtola, he's one of the best mages I have ever met, and one of the sassiest cats to ever turn down a leader of a dragon tribe" he said, smiling at the photo as Lyra was tempted to rip it to pieces to get his mind off of the cat girl.He should only have eyes for her!"You've all must have been through alot together" Syr spoke up as the gunbreakered placed the photos back into his bag, smiling at the elf as he leaned back with a content sigh."Yeah, we've done some crazy stuff, I'll tell you about it some time" he replied as Syr lost her smile at his words. "What's wrong?" he asked, making the elf blink as both Barabatos and Lyra looked at her with concern."I just, I won't be seeing either of you after my captain and our team leave back for our village, elves are,a tight knitted group, we don't, interact with outsiders all that much and isn't heavily looked down on when you do" she explained softly as Lyra's ears folding back against her head sadly.She had taken a liking to the elf while they waited for Barabtos to wake up, Lyra finding all the ways Syr had hunted for her village so interesting and in turen Syr was quite awed in how Lyra survived without her pack until she met Barabatos."Could always take some time to travel, meet new people and the like, there's no rules against learning about the world and having an adventure, is there" Barabtos spoke up as Syr looked at him in surprise."But I, I have responsibilities to my village" she stammered as Barabtos gave her a one eyed smile, making her blush and look away from him."Just think about it, if anything I could use a guide over to the adventurers college in Visorhold, I don't think this muts nose will get us all the way" he said, ducking his head with a cheeky smile as Lyra took a swipe at the back of his head, giving him a cute girl as she crossed her arms and pouted at him."I'll….think about it" Syr said quietly as she looked between the two. Even if they had only met a short time agop, the two got along so well she thought they had been friends for years.Before long, the three found themselves within Mileena's office, standing across from the succubus as the elf captain stood beside her, pinching the bridge of her nose at the noise outside the window."I didn't think beating ifrit would get that kind of reaction" Barabtos mumbled as Mileena smirked at the man.Outside the window, almost every single monster girl was shouting and yelling for the white haired man to come out. Most of them promising to show him how much they appreciate him saving their village.Others are yelling about how he should be protected against those demons and should be working as a house husband for them.What a strange world indeed."Shut that window please, I have enough of a headache already" the elf grumbled as Mileena waved her hand, shutting the window with a simple display of demonic magic. Turning their attention back to Barbatos, Mileena narrowed her eyes as she thought about what to ask first."First, I want to thank you, from the bottom of my heart for saving my village and everyone in it, we would have never survived that monster without you" she started as the man smiled humbly at her words."But I need to know, what was that thing?" she asked as the room became tense."That was ifrit" Barabtos spoke as the gathered monster looked at him with their full attention. "Ifrit is the fire primal of my world, a literal god of the flames if you will," he said as the women blinked in surprise."Your...world?" the elf captain asked slowly as Barbatos nodded."Yes, My world, Erozera is home to the primals and the many beast tribes that worship them, and if they gather enough aether and sacrifices, they can summon the monsters to the mortal realm," he explained, causing the women to stare in shock.People actually summoned something like that to worship them!"What can we do?" Mileena asked, leaning forward as she stared at Barbatos intensely."You? You don't do anything" he said, making everyone look at the man in surprise. "The primals our my problem and always have been, without..." he paused in thought as the girls all stared at him, waiting for him to continue.With a sigh he continued. "I've beaten every primal from my world, ifrit I've gone 3 for 3 at this point" crossing his arms, the man nodded to himself as he looked towards the window. "I don't know how ifrit got here, there isn't a connection to the void here and that means something or someone is bringing the primals here, but unable to control them" shaking his head the man turned towards the door with a narrowed eyed glare."I need to find out what's going on, the best way to do that is to travel, I know roughly where the either primals could be, they like to keep to their familiar elements as much as possible" the gunbreaker spoke, glancing around the room before making his way towards the exit."But how can I defend my village?" Mileena spoke up as she glared at the back of the gunbreakers head. "You barely survived that thing and now you would leave us defenseless" he added, making the elf captain look at her in surprise.She didn't think the succubus would try to guilt the young man into helping her."Ifrit won't reform for a long time, it takes a lot of energy to be gathered into a single point to make the primal, any of them gain a mortal shell," Barabatos explained slowly. "What I need to do is find the rest of them, the longer they stay alive the more power they can amass, and if this world is a free as I feel it is, I need to hurry" he finished with a growl, thinking about how much damage even titan or ravana could do if they stayed summoned for more than a weak.He had a lot of ground to cover."And how will you fight them? If they keep getting stronger you'll end up getting killed when you find another one" the elf captain challenged as Barabtos raised an eyebrow at her."I've got a few tricks up my sleeve" he replied with a smirk as Mileena sighed loud enough to get the man's attention."I'm not happy about this, what you've done and what that thing did has given everyone in my village a fright" she said, shaking her head sadly. "Tell me what I can do to help keep these primals away from my village, and what I can do to inform my leaders abo0ut the threat" he asked as Barabtos smiled at the succubus."If you find a primal, send for me, don't interact with them,they have ways to make mortals worship them for life" Barabtos said, his expression as serious as his words. "I've had to travel for miles on end when even a rumor of a primal was talked about, my duty is to keep the world safe from them and I'll be damned if I start getting sloppy now" he added softly."I wouldn't mind you getting sloppy with me" Lyra muttered to herself as Syr elbowed the werewolf to get her to shush."You need people to help you" the elf captain spoke, glaring at the man as he blinked at her in reply. "I don't like this, and I'll be damned if we don't get as much information on this threat as possible" he explained as she looked towards Mileena."I'll be speaking with my queen when we arrive home, there will be more trades and joint defensives between our villages as soon as I am able to get the council of idiots to agree" she said surprising the succubus as the found herself smiling at the elf."In the meantime, I'll be sending Syr to accompany you and learn everything she can about these beasts and how to fight them" . It was Syr's turn to look surprised as she glanced between the captain and Baraabtos. "You were going to ask for some leave anyway dear, I know you to well by now" the elf said cheekily as Syr failed to fight down a blush of embarrassment."Well that settles is, Barabtos I will be supplying you with a map and supplies for your granary to Visorhold" Mileena said as the man nodded to her in thanks. "I'll have a message sent ahead of you to the colleges headmistress, she will be able to assist you further in getting into the college, from there I'll have some letters sent out to contact various villages and see what they know of the primals" he finished with a smirk as Barabtos smiled widely at her."You three are going to get into so much trouble in Visaorhold, so Lyra" the succubus said looking pointedly at the werewolf. "Keep that man safe and if I don't find you two married by the time I see you again I will make it happen myself" she said, making the werewolf jump in surprise at her words.Opposite her, Syr glared between the werewolf and the succubus, was all these monster girls thought about was zsex and husbands!"Ignoring all of that" barbatos muttered as he looked between Syr and Lyra, his smile going a bit wider as he realised he had another adventure ahead of him."Let's get ready, and you two" he said looking pointedly at the two girls. "I've got some stuff you'll need if you're going to come with me. Let's hope you both learn fast, I'm thinking you'll enjoy the monk's weapons most, Lyra" making the werewolf smile as he tail wagged happily behind her. "And I know I've got a nice bow that you could use" he finished as Syr raised an eyebrow at him.Where was he hiding a bow of all things?
  
    Chapter Text
    "How?" Syr spoke, staring at the large bow she was holding, the curves and edges of the weapon looked beautiful and the string was so strong she felt she could piece a rhino's head withit at 500 yards.The only issue.Was the smug looking white haired man had pulled this thing out of nowhere. Quiet literally pulling it out of his ass and handing her the most skillfully crafted bow she had ever seen.And he said the stuff here was ridiculous."Dont worry about it, the bow was just gathering dust cause I don't use it, not my style really" Barabtos replied winking at the elf as she growled at his answer.Gathering dust where?! You don't just have some kind of pocket dimension and just not tell anyone about it!"Why do I need these?" Lyra's voice drew the two attention, seeing the werewolf walking out of the tavern grabbed in some new attire and sporting a set of lion shaped gauntlets over her paws.Her new outfit was grey in colour, almost matching her fur with some black highlighted embroidery along the monk styled dress. A pair of wrapped socks acting as leg warmers as the wolf refused to wear any kind of shoes.Similarly, Syr herself was wearing a brand new outfit that once again,. Barabtos had pulled out of nowhere. Dressed in a fine leather outfit, the woman pulled at the cropped jacket she wore as the hat felt slightly off around her ears.Seeing her issue, barabtos helped adjust the narrow shaped hat, making it fit comfortably on her head. Only to notice how close she was to the young man and turned away with heat forming on her face."The monk armor has some magic embodied into the lining, making it stronger and more suited to help you in fights" Barabtos explained as the black etching along the womens outfits shimmers with a low amount of energy."You three look like real adventurers, you'll have to tell me where you got these?" Mileena's voice made the free turn to see the succubus mayor as well as the elf captain walking towards them.Out of the corner of his eye, Barabtos did notice the amount of attention he was getting from the town's monster girls, some of them whispering to each other as they pointed towards his bare arms as they giggled to themselves.He really missed his coat right about now. He really didn't like the look in their eyes, not one bit!"Trade secret from some of the menders back home, some of your seamstresses would have a field day learning under them" Barabtos replied smirking as Mileena scuffed in amusement."Don't let them catch you saying that, they might not want to give you this nice coat they finished repairing" the succubus said, holding up the folded white coat towards the gunbreaker.Barabtos smiled as he accepted the jacket from the women, noticing with a smile as it looked like it hadn't even been used, not a speck of dirt or wear on it.Dawning the garment, Mileena whisted as she took in the site of the three before her. They really looked ready to take on the danger that was ahead of them.Hopefully they would have some help from the demon lord herself.And that Barabtos didn't end up as some slave to the radical faction under Durella. She liked the boy and didnt want to see him become some sex crazied fiend under that spiled brat."Here's the map and direction to Visorhold it'll be a good three days walk down the road and if your lucky no one should get in your way, just be careful, not all of us monster girls can take a no from s single man" Mileena said as Lyra gave her a growl, muttering about how Barabtos wasn't single and they just hadn't had the time to properly marry yet.She was working on it!"We'll be fine, and thank you again for letting me stay," Barabtos said as Mileena smirked at his humble attitude. It was rare to see that nowadays, that's for sure."Think nothing of it, you're the hero here, and my villagers will do anything to please their hero" the succubus said, rolling her tongue on the last word as she gestured towards the gathering crowd behind the three.Many of the monster girls looked very very hungry at the man."You stay safe out there Syr, and keep that man out of trouble" the elf captain said, as the younger girl nodded with a determined look in her eye. "The new look suits you well, bring back some amazing stories to tell" she added as Syr smiled at her captain.She was going to miss the frustrating women and her team.Lyra suddenly jumped onto Barabtos's back, smiling at him as she pointed forward."Lets go hubby! Adventures await and beds to break!" she howled as Barabtos found himself laughing at her words."You heard her Syr, race you to the forest's edge!" he called out, shooting the flustered elf a smirk before taking off down the roar, the gathered villagers cheering as he ran by, most of them calling for him to come back soon and some more….unclean things she should do to them."Why...get back here!" Syr yelled, rushing to catch up to the two, fighting down a blush at the idea of breaking a bed with the man and werewolf.Wait! Werewolf!Arrgh! She was going to smack him for making her think like this!Mileena watched the free go, smiling fondly as if watching her children go off into the world. Her smile turned into a frown as she turned towards the elf captain, nodding her head as she produced a few letters for her harpies to deliver to the other villagers.While Barabtos would do what he did best, she was going to get him as much help as possible, these primals were far far worse than any order hero could be.And she would be damned if the destruction of so many was stopped because she didn't get some of her more randuscious villagers leaders to see what was happening.Hopefully Lilith wasnt fucking her husband and would take her letter seriously before it was too late.Down in the forest, Barabtos stared at the map in his hands as Lyra was off finding the three of them some light prey to cook at the end of the day. No point using the prepared food just yet in his opinion.Syr looked over his shoulder, seeing that they were going to be heading through a dense forest that would lead them towards Visorhold.One of the forests that held a few more dangerous monster girls. They would have to be careful that's for sure."So what do you think?" Barabtos spoke up, making the elf blink in surprise at the sound of his voice."What?" she asked, looking at him as the map rolled the map up in his hands."About what we are doing, what do you think, are you okay with coming with us?" Barabtos asked, looking at the self with a serious expression. "This is going to be dangerous, and ifrit is usually one of the weaker primals compared to the others" he added as Syr gulped at her words.Before she could replay, three rabbits landed in her hands, the werewolf returning from the tree line with a proud smile on her lips."Got them hubby! You wont need to worry about feeding our pups with me around!" Lyra said as the gunbreaker gave her a tried look."I...you know what I'll deal with that later, come on you two, let's get some distance before we make camp for the night. As they walked, Syr couldn't help but think about his words.Was she really okay with fighting these things, she didn't even know much about the other primals but if they were just as strong or stronger than ifrit.Then how did barbatos look so confident in this quest to defeat them all.As they continued down the road, Lyra was happily walking beside Barabtos, admiring the gauntlets on her paws as she looked up to the man who had given them to her."How do I use these?" she asked, eager to be able to use this gift from her husband as best she could. Barabtos smiled at the werewolf in return, gently taking one of the guantelst from her as he slipped in onto his hand."You use it like any fist, the idea is to deal a lot of damage as fast as possible to someone and with how well you jump around during a fight you'll be abv to strike anywhere at any moment" he explained as the women nodded, her tail swishing happily behind her at his praise."They also channel magic, allowing you to use some devisitating monk techniques to really knock someone out of a fight, I'll show you want I know later on once we have you comfortable with using the monk stances while sparing" he continued as Lyra tilted her head at his words."But I don't know magic, us werewolves cant use it like a dark priest or other magic monster girls can '' Lyra wondered as the man smiled at her in amusement."I'll show you later what can help with that problem, I can't actually channel magic anymore since my connection to aether has been broken, but I can still help you get a feel of the flow and what you need to do" he explained as Lyra smirked at his words."Oh you can help me get into the flow anytime" she growled, leaning over to look up into his eyes with a hungry look.Only to be pushed away as Syr got between the two."Enough of that Lyra, lets focus on the task at hand" the elf said as Lyra turned away with a pout. Couldn't the elf just let her have alone time with her husband.Unless.No, the elf would never go for a human.Well, maybe?"What's the plan when we make it to Visorhold?" Syr asked as Barbatos looked up in thought."First thing I need to do is get us adventure licences, we will need some money as we travel and doing some good along the way always helps" he explained as the two girls nodded in return. "After that I'll need to see what connection the headmistress has and who I could talk to for information on any of the titans" he added as Lyra perked up."But, how will that help, people don't even know what they look like?" she asked as Barabtos nodded in thought."The primals will usually cause some events when they are summoned and where they take up residence. So looking for any information on strange weather patterns and the like will help narrow down where we need to go" he said as Syr had a thought come to her head."Will you recruit anyone else to help? The college trains people to fight so they can help" she asked, as Barabtos sighed, shaking his head lightly."It would be great to have help but, anyone that's faced a primal and didn't know what they were getting into has ended up dead" he said as the two girls stilled at his words. They knew how dangerous this was but that kinda put it in a different light."The suns going to set in a few hours, we should make camp at the edge of the forest," Syr said, shaking herself and focusing on the task at hand. "You do know the danger you will be put in at the college right?" she added as barbatos raised an eyebrow at her."What do you mean?" he asked as Lyra growled at the elf."What she means is that some other girls might try and take you away from me" the werewolf stated, reaching over and pulling Barbatos into a possessive hug. "But if they try that I'll right their spines out of the ass" she growls viciously as Barabtos felt himself deep pan at the women's words."Not the way I would put it but, Lyra is right some monster girls will try to forcefully take you because you are a single man" Syr explained as Lyra shot her a look. "Fine, single until you fuck the mutt here" she gruumbled as Lyra huffed happily."Okay how about you both relax" Barbatos spoke up, pulling away from Lyra as he stood in front of the two women. "I won't be going anywhere, and I definitely won't let anyone try to take advantage of me" he said, looking at them both with confidence before he felt someone standing right behind him."Oh really?" a new voice spoke as the gunbreaker just barely duck under the mighty swing of a double sided axe coming for his head. "And I thought me and my girls wouldn't be able to grab a new slave for the tribe" the unknown women said, as more and more of the tanned and very very tall underdressed women came out of the trees around the three."Should have kept my mouth shut" Barabtos grumbled, pulling his gunblade from his back as the gathered amazons looked amused at how he was going to fight back against them.Oh if only they knew."Lyra, Syr, if I get hit" Barabatos spoke as the two women looked at him, getting worried at what he was about to say."Dont worry about it, I'm a tank for a reason" he smirked, his smile twisting a little viciously as a faint red energy shimmered over him. Before the lead amazon could say anything, Barabtos was already upon her.Gunblade clashed harshly against the staff of the battle axe as he pushed the women a few feet backwards before she got her wits about her."You little slave, I'll enjoy breaking you!" the women growled, trying to push the white haired man back as Barbatos smirked up at her."Lets see you try" he challenged, pulled the trigger of his gunblade as the blade super heated and started to dig into the woman's weapon.
  
    Chapter Text
    Metal clashed against metal, the resounding clang thumbing through the air as…A curious of cheers broke out amongst the crowd, the two heavy metal beer mugs being pulled back, A high orc chieftess downing her drink with a hearty chuckle as a red blush adored her cheeks showing how much of the alcohol she had already had.The second drink was taken by Barbatos himself, happily downing the beer along with the monster women, smiling around as the numerous gathered women as the few with their husband joined in on the merry drinking within the campground they were staying at for the night.Leaning back, the white haired gunbreaker felt the soft fur of his wolf-like companion, her armors coiling around his neck as she pressed her body against his back, nozzingly into his hair with an affectionate growl."I can't believe we did that" Syr spoke, the elf girl nursing her own beer as she watched the camp happily go about their business, avopiding looking at the many copupls having sex on the ground in a drunken haze."We got lucky there that's for sure" Barbatos agreed, accepting another mug of beer as the chieftess sat down across from the three, having returned with more drink for them to enjoy by the fire."Lucky? You have the a whole band of amazons begging for you to make love to them after you defeated their leader boy" she said, chuckling fondly at the memory of finding the leading amazon with her head buried into the bark of a tree as the younger amazons threw themselves at the gunbreakers feet asking for him to take them as his wives.Yes wives.They all wanted to share the as they said, strongest man they have ever met.Lyra was very vocal about why that wasn't going to happen.Anyway, back to the campfire."If you hadn't appeared we would have had to fight more of the savages" Syr spoke as the older women smiled at them."Those lot just know when it's time to tuck tail and run, my girls would have whipped to floor with them, but your boy there had already taken care of most of them" she said as Barabtos chuckled at the memory of how the fight had gone.The opening bout was strong but, yeah the amazon leader really couldn't keep up with him after the first few clashes.And sending her flying across the clearing with a cheeky kick was just icing on the cake.He wasn't sorry about the fight, he just expected a bit more. Oh well not everyone could be a primal monster made of aether and pure rage."Still if it wasn't for your help Olire we wouldn't have gotten away from them" the man replied as the chieftess shook her head."All i did was give ya a space to rest for the night boy, you are you wives did not need to have those horny wimps nipping at your dick" Olire replied, getting a laugh as they three of them blushed at her words, only Lyra taking her words with pride."W-we aren't like that" Syr muttered sipping at her beer before she looked towards an awkwardly blushing barbatos. Shaking her head, she turned back towards the older monster girl. "Still, thank you for letting us share camp with you, are you heading towards Visorhold as well?" she asked as the high orc smiled at the elf.Oh she could only wish she could see how these three ended up fucking each other sensless when they all finally got together.Till then she will enjoy teasing the elf girl more."Not this season girly, A few of my girls have went to the collage to train for a while, just stopped in to see how they were doing before we continued on back to the demon realms, some strange things have been propping up along the usual coastal routes we orcs travel and I need to inform the royals" Olire spoke as Barabtos narrowed his eyes at her words."What kind of strange things?" he asked slowly, losing all semblance of his drinking buzz, getting a raised eyebrow from the older woman."Some mermaids coming to shore in a fright, getting spooked by something big in the waters around their caves, don't know anything about it but it's huge" Olire explained as Barabtos growled at that.He knew who was causing issues for the ocean faring women. And it wouldn't be getting away from it for long."You know something boy?" Olires words brought the man out of his thoughts as he looked up to see the women staring intently at him."Maybe, best to inform the royals like you said, just tell me where's the best place to find some of the merfolk that spoke about it and I'll handle it from there" Barabtos said as the women narrowed her eyes on him."Well your already heading in the right direction, further from Visorhold is the docklands that take a few traders and travelers off towards Dragonia, we picked up the wares from them when we started hearing about all of this, even some dragons coming into the docks were spooked about something in one of the volcanoes" she explained as the man sighed in annoyance.Looks like he would be heading off towards this dragonia place too."I have a feeling you're going to have a lot of travelling ahead of ya boy" the high orc chuckled as Barabtos smiled slightly at her."Nothing I'm not used to, best get to the college first, the faster I sort out this license the faster we can hit the road again" he replied as the high orc smiled proudly at his spirit."Best be careful in that vplace, a man like you will have a few to many girls fighting over him" she said, laughing as Lyra hugged the boy possicessly from behind as Syr got a sharp look in her eyes."On that, I actually forgot to send something off to Visorhold before leaving, mind taking this towards someone for me" Olire asked, taking out a letter and holding it towards the white haired man.Gently taking the letter, Barabtos was surprised by how nice the paper felt, the etching in the right hand corner looking very expensive and very well done before it was sealed."It's for a young girl, she's named Lorpar, a wind dragon that is trying to make a name for herself in Visorhold" Olire explained as the three looked at her with interest. "She is a tough one but her mother worries a bit for her, this is directly from her mother will probably be checking in on her and how her cafe is going" she added, taking a large sip of her drink as Barbatos nodded to her."I'll deliver it to her, what's the cafe called?" he asked as the older woman smiled."Cafe dragon maid, you'll find her easy enough inside the place, short green haired cutie, would give your wolf wife there a run for her money in how nice her legs are, if your interested in having a cute maid take care of you that is" she teased as Barabtos looked away awkwardly at her words.Oh he was just too easy.As the night went on, Barabtos found himself sleeping in his tent, Lyra snuggled up on his check sleeping like a rock and drooling on him. On his right was Syr, shifting in her sleep as she tried not to end up cuddling the man like the wolf shamelessly was."Just come here if you're cold," barbatos muttered, hooking an arm around the elf as she gave a startled yelp from being pulled closer to the man."W-what B-but" Syr stuttered as Barbatos smiled sleepily at her."We have a long day ahead of us, so sleep already" he muttered, his hand giving her side a little squeeze as Syr barely held in the moan of delight from having the man hold her like this.She wasn't against it but...at least warn her first damnit!Smiling at the two women in his arms, Barabtos thought back to how much he had learned from speaking with the high orc his smiling disappearing at the thought of the two primals he had already learned about.Leviathan he could handle, the sea snake was big but a well place gunblade to the throat tended to take care of anything really.The bigger issue was the one in dragonia.That one...that one was going to take a bit more luck, he barely survived the last time it was summoned.And he really didn't want to put these two in danger when fighting that one.Not again.The next morning, Barbatos, Lyra and Syr were standing in front of the orc chieftess as she handed them a few supplies to get them to Visorhold without going hungry."Be sure to make some good stories to tell next time we meet boy" Olire said, smiling at the man and his two wives, made their way down the road towards Visorhold.Well future wives.Oh she was so getting an invite to the wedding there was no way she was going to miss seeing that festive event."She was nice, much better than the mean old amazons"Lyra spoke, skipping ahead of the other two the tails of her monk outfit weaved around her as if mimicking her excitement as well."Her tribe was pleasant to have as company, not as savage as the amazons that's for sure" Syr commented as she caught up with the wolf girl, happily chatting to her about what they could do once they reached Visorhold.Barbatos smiled at the back of the two of them, watching as the archer and the monk were getting along with each other, he honestly thought they would be at each other's throats. The image of the two shifted in his vision, becoming a vision of his fellow sicons as they had just returned from defeating another primal.The thought brought a frown to the man's face as he remembered he wasnt home anymore.And he didn't have anyone like Thancred of Y'shtola to back him up against the monster he was going to fight.Sooner rather than later.Shaking his head, the man looked towards the sky, coming to a stop as the clear view made him smile.Even if it wasn't home, he would do what anyone else from the scions would. He would save it from the primals.But first things first, he needed to get into that college and get a lot more information on where the others could be.KNowing where two of them were is fine, not knowing where 6 of them were was very troubling.Before he could think of it further something faint caught his attention. Turning his head the man noticed a purple light flicker in the distance behind the trees. Disappearing from view in a flash as if...it was as fast as lightning.Smiling at what he saw, the man turned to see Lyra and Syr giving him an odd look before he moved to catch up with them."What was that About?" Lyra asked, looking at her future husband in confusion."Nothing much, just, something from an old friend," Barabtos replied as he walked ahead of the two, making them look at his back in confusion. Not noticing a faint crackle of purple sparks disappearing further into the forest, it's message having been received by the warrior of light.Trekking down the road, the three travelers had been walking for a few hours, stopping for lunch and a snack here and there before moving forward.As they moved, Lyra had informed barbatos as much as she could about what was going on in the world, from how the royals of the demon realm seemed hellbent on making every single man into a husband for one of their kin.And how the Order of the chief goddess was very very against the idea of her followers becoming mindless fuck machines."Why would they do that?!" Barabtos yelled as Lyra flinched back, covering her ears at how loud he was."Don't be so loud, my ears hurt" she whimpered as barbatos sighed, pulling the wolf into a hug as she calmed down instantly at his touch."Sorry Lyra, its just, why the hell would they cut their own balls off, all to avoid having sex with a monster girl?" he said as Syr winced at his words."It's not the best practice but some of the more...crazy fanatics of the order want to make sure they are never seen as desirable to a monster girl" the elf explained as Barabtos shook his head.There's crazy and then there's mutilating yourself.And he's seen crazy, I mean he fought a chick that brought her dead husband back to life as a giant demon eyeball.Not one of his best outings that's for sure."Lets, keep going, I think I see the city from here" Barbatos said, walking forward as the three came to the crust of the hill.And what lay beyond was their next destination.Visorhold.The city where this crazy adventure would really start for the three.Adjusting her hat, the elf girl smiled at her two companions as Lyra bounced on her feet, ready to get started into some fights and training with her monk gauntlets.Barbatos looked on towards the city, seeing buildings stretch across the land and monsters and humans milling about their day, going about their business and walking through the markets as their lives continued on without issue.Up on the hill was a much larger castle-like building, a huge field with a stage-like seating area just being seen at this distance.And what seemed to be mages and other fighters training within. Fire and sparks being thrown around them as numerous others clashed swords of used spells to protect or dodge around from attacking them.Seems like the college was going to be a very interesting experience for them.
  
    Chapter Text
    The main market street of Visorhold was bustling with activity, numerous monster girls and humans, both men and women were going about their day, buying and selling at the various stalls.Syr had to pull lyra away from some of the meat stands more than once, the hungry wolf wanting to eat everything she could see. Barbatos was honestly amazed by how happy everyone seemed around the city, not one beggar or homeless person in sight.Honestly it was a refreshing site to see such a well maintained city.If only the single monster girls would stop giving him bedroom eyes when they smelt that he was unmarried.Was it really that noticeable!"The college should be just beyond here" the gunbreaker spoke, leading the trio through the street and on towards the massive building on top of the hill. The sight of the building reminded the man of the time he had visited gardenia when a festival was going on.Only this place had more explosions."Look out!" A sudden explosion made Syr and Lyra dive to avoid a large object flying towards them. Barbatos, on the other hand, braced himself as he caught the object, sliding backwards a good few meters before coming to a stop.Looking down the man spotted a pale purple skinned woman in his arms, her long white hair looking frazzled as she seemed to be shaking off a dizzy spell from the apparent explosion she was a part of.Her outfit left little to the imagination as she spotted what looked like an armoured bikini, along with a set of gauntlets and armoured thigh high boots to complete the look. Sexy and dangerous….but offered little for protection if you asked the mercenary."Oh…oh!" The woman finally noticed that she had been caught by someone, looking up for her gem like purple eyes to meet his own blue as a hot purple flush bloomed across her cheeks. "Hi handsome, you new here?" she asked slowly as barbatros raised an eyebrow at her."You could say that, are explosions normal around here?" Barbatos asked as the woman giggled in his arms, throwing an arm around his neck as her face heated up in embarrassment."Oh thats umm, that's just around the college, I was trying out a new spell and a dark mage was experimenting nearby and well….I was sent flying a little" the woman replied as she tried to keep herself from looking too awkward in front of the handsome stranger."So, what brings a handsome young man like you around, come to see some hot monster girls around the college, I'm available if you want a tour?" she spoke smiling at the gunbreaker."I see you have your priorities straight, are you okay?" Barbatos asked in returned, gently setting the woman down on her feet as she smiled back at him."Oh I'm fine, better now that I found such a handsome man to save little old me," the woman replied as she leaned onto his chest plate, pressing her impressive bust against him.Only to be pushed away by a very angry werewolf."Hands off you dumb, succubus that my husband!" she growled, grasping Barbatos' arm possibly as she glared at the surprised succubus."Oh I couldn't tell, he's unclaimed right now puppy" the succubus replied slyly as Lyra snarled in return."Let's all just calm down, please" Barbatos spoke up, having the instant effect of Lyra looking at him with a smile as the succubus looked interested in what was going on. "I'm Barbatos, this is Lyra and Syr" the gunbreaker said as the archer joined them, looking suspiciously at the winged women."Well, you all are definitely new to Visorhold, I'm Vocia handsome" Vocia purred as she batted her eyes at the man. Making Lyra grasp his arm tighter in response. "So what brings you all up towards the college, you two planning to be adventurers?" she asked, looking towards the two monster girls and completely disregarding Barbatos."Three of us," Syr replied evenly, as Vocia looked surprised."What! You can't let a man go on adventures, it's dangerous!" she all but yelled, getting more attention towards the group. Low whispers going about at the townsfolk took notice of the equipment that Barbatos was wearing.Some of them snickering and giggling at the idea of a man wanting to fight other monster girls."Yes, that is our plan, so wanna show us where the headmistress is right now?" Barbatos spoke up, stepping forward as his smile was all but gone. The whispers around him had him even more suspicious about what was going on here.And he wasn't going to let them talk down to him about fighting, he was a warrior of light and he would be damned if he showed weakness now."I…guess I can" Vocia mumbled, taken by surprise at how forward the man was to take a stand. Most of the monster girls around them looked even more interested in the man, and a few of the dark elves licked their lips at the thought of breaking him.Following Vocia towards the main college building, Barbatos kept his eyes straight and focused as he kept hearing more and more whispers going on around him. Lyra all but snarled when they spoke about the new man in the college.Some of them even speaking loudly about how he would make a good pack mule to carry their equipment into dungeons.Syr felt her eye twitch when a large Orc spoke about taken Barbatos back to her dorm and breaking him as her new slave.The four finally made their way towards the more official looking rooms, standing outside a large set of double doors as Vocia looked towards Barbatos, acting a little awkward as she finally realised what she had done back outside."Mm, I'm sorry I said all that outside" she spoke up, getting a side-eyed look from the gunbreaker as she tried to think of something to say. "It's just, men don't stand up to monster girls and are usually easy targets for them, it's safer for them to stay at home and be are husbands ya know" she explained further before noticing the weathering glare she was getting from all three of the new comers.Before she could fumble out anything to save face, the double doors before them opened, revealing a tall woman wearing a set of dark black knight armour and sporting a set of black angel like wings on her back.Her red eyes looked at the group, finding the familiar face of one of her students as she raised an eyebrow at the three unknowns."You must be the headmistress" Barbatos spoke, striding forward as he looked at the woman in her red eyes without a hint of fear. "A letter had been sent ahead of us from Mileena of West end" he added as the armoured woman looked surprised."You got here sooner than I thought boy, but I trust that old bat enough to hear you out, The names Vetra headmistress of the college here" Vetra said gesturing for the three to enter. "Go about your classes Vocia, you might see these three in around soon enough" she added as the other succubus blinked at her words."But.." before she could add anything, the doors shut in her face leaving her frustrated at how her interactions with the white haired man had gone so far.Inside the office, Vetra had seated herself behind her desk, leaving the three newcomers to the village to take a seat across from her. Syr and Lyra had already sat down as Barbatos stood, leaning on his right foot as he crossed his arms waiting for the woman to speak."So, you're the famous killer of monsters Mileena has told me about?" she spoke looking towards the white clad man with a raised eyebrow, her gaze lingering on the handle of his gunblade before turning to stare the man in his eyes."Guilty as charged, so what has the mayor told you?" Barbatos asked in return, letting the tension in his shoulders drop as Vextra smiled up at him."Oh just how the brave and handsome gunbreaker defeated the monstrous fire demon and gained the affection of almost every single monster girl in the village" Vectra spoke as the man smiled at her words. "And how he knows about an apparent threat to the entire world as more of the monsters are roaming around killing everyone" she added as the smile was whipped off the gunbreakers face."The primals aren't won't be a problem" Barbatos started before the woman slammed her armoured fist into her desk, cracking the wood and making Syr and Lyra flinch in fright."They already are a problem boy!" she snarled as she narrowed her eyes at him. "I've had wounded adventurers come back from what should have been easy quests frightened out of their minds by some huge monster in the sand regions, and even worse the coastal trade lines are having issues with some kind of serpent destroying ships and causing storms of all things, this is a problem!" she finished as the gunbreaker growled to himself."Then I need to hurry up then, what's the fastest way for me to start taking on quests and traveling without being restricted to where I can go, an adventurer's licence is the only reason I'm not hunting down the primals right now" Barbatos explained as the armoured woman sighed."Every 3 months we hold an exam to grant the most experienced students a licence, most of the time it takes a minimum of 3 years to gain that kind of experience" Vetra explained as the man narrowed his eyes atr her."We don't have that time" he muttered as the headmistress stood up."That we can agree on, I can't prepare my girls to fight these things, and granting you a licence right now throws all their work into their face like it means nothing" she spoke, turning towards the open window that looked down towards the town. "3 months, if you can show the staff that you have the experience you can take on the exam and get a licence, in the meantime you will be explaining everything you know about these things to anyone I deem ready to fight them" Vetra finished as Barbatos narrowed his eyes in thought."That thing was crazy strong, it almost burnt us all when we fought it if it wasn't for my hubby" Lyra spoke up as she remembered barely surviving ifrit when they fought it."Lyra is right, the primal we battled didn't seemed to care about anyone fighting it, only Barbatos did any real damage to it in the end, and it still destroyed a few buildings along the way" Syr added as she gripped her bow tighter in her lap, promising not to be useless when fighting the next primal."My students will be better, they are trained by some of the best adventurers to come out of the college and have made a name for themselves across the demon realms' ' Vectra spoke in pride of her students as Barbatos sighed lowly at her words."They won't survive a primal, but if they can get away they will at least live" he spoke as the woman glared back at him. "Any rumors you have about something big and world wrecking, tell me and find a way to send me out to fight them, I'll get that licence by the end of the 3 months…all of us will" he said, giving Syr and Lyra a confident smile as they both blushed at his gaze."You three have a lot of work to catch up on…and being a male doesn't help you boy" Vetra spoke as Barbatos turned to her with a confused look on his face. "I believe Vocia already spoke about the…views my girls have towards men and how useful they are on quests…you will face a lot of them looking down on you for trying to fight" she explained as the man gained a confident smile."Oh don't worry about that headmistress, I'll show them just5 how useful I can be in a fight" he spoke with a glow behind his eyes making the women smile back at him."Don't say I didn't warn you boy, an entrance exam will be happen for all new students, ace that and you'll already had a heads up on getting into the entrance exam, just be prepared to have more than a few girls look down on you" Vetra replied as Barbatos smirked back at her."Well I guess we will see you tomorrow then, let's go find an inn to rest in girls" Barbatos spoke, turning towards the door as Syr nodded to him. Lyra on the other hand looked towards the headmistress with a thoughtful look."When we get in, can we have a dorm room together?" she asked, making Syr pause and Barbatos trip, falling face first onto the floor in surprise. The headmistress broke out in a hearty laugh at the young wolf's words as Syr yelled at her for being indecent."Go on and enjoy the town for a bit you three, and yes my dear, you will get to stay with you husband…both of you" Vetra said looking pointedly at Syr as the elf looked away with a blush.Exiting the office, the three turned to see Vocia leaning against a wall nearby, looking up in surprise before she smiled towards the gunbreaker."H-hi! I just, i felt horrible about what happened earlier and well…do you wanna join me for at a nice cafe I know, you two can come as well as an apology for what I said" the succubus spoke as Syr narrowed her eyes at the women, not trusting how she was acting towards the white haired man."Oh that would be great, you could show me and my husband around" Lyra spoke, grasping the gunbreaker arm and smiling a little too sweetly at the white haired women. Said succubus narrowed her eyes at the wolfs words before turning to Barbados with a smile."Shall we then, There's this cute little cafe down by main street I go to when I can, a friend of mine actually owns it" Vocia spoke as she led the three of them down the hallway. Passing a group of cat girls who tried to get Barbatos' attention.Unknown to them, a pair of light purple eyes looked down on the four, watching Barbatos with interest before she disappeared in a poof, leaving behind a small cloud of purple fog and a little giggle at all the ideas she could think of to have fun with the new man around the campus.Things were definitely going to get very interesting around Visorhold.
  
    Chapter Text
    "So what brings you three to the college" Vocia asked, leading Syr, Lyra and Barbatos out of the college campus and down towards the main street of visorhold. The succubus had been chatting to them since they left the headmistress office, mostly to keep Barabtos' attention away from the other single girls eyeing him up.He was a nice piece of eye candy in that coat of his, that's for sure."We are on a quest!" Lyra replied proudly, getting a raised eyebrow from the winged women as Syr shot the werewolf a dirty look. Weren't they supposed to keep that a secret. "My hubby here is on his way to take on a great adventure but first he needs an adventurers license so he doesn't get in trouble" Lyra added as Barabtos shuckled at her words."What she means is, I have a lot of traveling to do and not a lot of time to do it, taking on quests for the adventures guild will keep me going with some gold to my name and let me get on with a job I was given by the mayor of West End" the gunbreaker explained as the succubus looked at him in surprise."Is that really wise, I mean, I know you have a werewolf with you and an elf but you could get hurt" Vocia spoke as Barbatos narrowed his eyes slightly at her words. "I don't mean to offend but, men just aren't as strong as monster girls and you'll get seriously hurt going on adventures, is just fact" she added not seeing the man clench and unclench his fist in an effort to keep himself from snapping.Oh how he wanted to just swing his gunblade and render a wall into rubble just to get a point across at this point.It was surreal having people think of him as weak for a change but it was damn annoying all the same.Moving through the market street, Vocia led them towards a large building centered just off the corner of some of the buildings, a huge crowd of couples going in and out of the building with excited looks on their faces."This is the cafe I was talking about, the most popular one in the whole town, it also doubles as an inn for newly wed couples to have their honeymoons at" Vocia explained with a wink as Barabtos let his head drop in his hands.He was taken to a love hotel…by a succubus.He really should have seen this coming honestly."I…actually have a quick errand to run in town, can I trust you to get a room for three people and to show these two around for a little bit? Barbatos said, making Syr eye him suspiciously as Lyra looked ready to argue with him. "Don't worry you two I'm not going to disappear, I have that letter to deliver and I want to check out something on my own, it won't take too long" he added as Syr nodded."Can't I come though?" Lyra spoke up, looking at him with puppy dog eyes as barbatos reached up and scratched behind her right ear."Not this time wolfy" he said as the women blushed at his nickname for her, leaning into his hand as she gave a pleasured growl at his scratching. "I need you and Syr to keep each other safe, I don't like the look some of those girls are giving Syr, can you do that for me Lyra?" he asked as Lyra perked up at his words."Dont worry Hubby, I won't let anyone touch my sister wife!" she cheered, not even realizing what she said as Syr looked down, blushing hotly at the thought of her and Barbatos together."Thatta girl, see you guys in a bit okay, I won't be long" the gunbreaker said, giving them a wave and a snicker as Syr shot him a dirty look.How dare he not correct the excitable wolf!"You guys have quite the man, room for a sexy demon by chance?" Vocia spoke up, getting a dirty glare from the two girls as she chuckled sheepishly. She was only asking sheesh.Further down the road, Barbatos was avoiding the crowd as best he could, ignoring the cat calls from many of the single monster girls eyeing him up as he went about finding his first destination.And he didn't even have long to look.Just down the street was a nice looking tavern, sporting a few drunken men chatting about outside already and a few monster girls dragging off their supposed husbands to a room upstairs to…well lets not go there.Smiling to himself, the white haired man made his way past the drunks out front, avoiding what looked like a big blue oni woman as he made his way towards the counter. His eyes caught the waitress as she had just finished serving someone else, moving to make her way towards him with a soft smile."Well howdy there, you must be new" the woman said, giving the man a fanged smile as she brushed a flew locks of her long blonde hair behind her ears. Barabtos smiled, noticing the light pink eyes of the women as the pair of fox-like ears twitched on top of her head.He could only imagine a fluffy tail matching the ears hidden behind the counter of the bar."You would be right, just got into town today actually" Barabtos replied, pulling himself up onto one of the stools, resting his elbow on the counter as the woman smiled at him. "So what's the best thing you got, I'm going to be having a long day soon" the gunbreaker sighed, getting a laugh out of the woman."First of all, what's your name stranger, won't be having any drink till I know ya friend" the barmaid spoke, grabbing an empty tankard from behind the bar. "And the best drink, oh I got one just for you cutie" she added as Barbatos laughed softly.He liked this one already."Names Barbatos, gunbreaker for hire, nice place you have here mrs" Barabtos promoted as the fox woman shook her head."Miss actually, Miss Ahri, I haven't found myself a husband just yet, not that I'm looking mind you" Ahri said, winking at the man as he laughed in return."Oh I have enough to deal with already, but some good company for a bit wouldn't hurt" Barbatos saidexcepting the drink from the fox woman as she smiled slyly at him, leaning down to look him in the eyes as they glinted in the light."Trouble in paradise, I didn't think I would see the day a monster girl wouldn't pleasure her man" Ahri said as Barbatos scoffed at her."Not married, dealing with an overly affectionate wolf while I set about getting some information" Barbatos replied as ahri smiled at him."Oh, that's rare to see in Visorhold, an unmarried man, how…exoctic" the fox girl said slowly, looking Barbatos in the eyes as she leaned forward.Only to be interrupted as Barbatos brought his mug to his lips, his eyes curling in a smirk as he gulped down the drink he was given. "Good ale" He said smirking as the women huffed at him. "I got something to ask, and I always found the best place for wayward rumors is a nice friendly bar…ain't that right" he spoke as the womens fox ears perked up."What kind of information, we don't deal dirty in my bar" Ahri said, narrowing her eyes down at the gunbreaker as Barbatos leaned back in thought."Nothing dangerous milady" he said, placing a hand in front of him to complace her ire."You flatter me handsome" Ahri smirked back in reply, gaining a soft chuckle from the white haired man."First, simple one, know where I can find the dragon maid cafe, got a letter to deliver to the owner" Barbatos asked as the fox girl furrowed an eyebrow at his question."Did Lopar do something wrong again? I swear that girl should come work here, it would be so much easier than trying to make a cafe work on her own in this town" Ahri grumbled as Barbatos shook his head slightly."Nothing like that, just to deliver her a letter from the orc chieftress, might stick around for a meal too" Barbatos spoke up as Ahri sighed in relief at his words."Well her cafe is down that way, two streets over and you'll see the sign on the corner of the road" Ahri said, giving the man direction as the gunbreaker nodded in thanks. "And the other thing, I have a room upstairs if you need some…relief" the fox soman purred towards him.Barabtos only shook his head before he met her eyes, a glint in them twelling ahri it was a bit more serious."I need a little info on some stuff I've heard about, some kind of large attacks on traders coming towards the town and the like" Barabtos questioned as Ahri let her shoulders slump."Even newcomers are hearing about the town's problems I see" She mumbled before giving Barabtos her full attention. "I don't know much, from what the passing drunk says it's something big going around wrecking coaches and scaring off horses, something about a large bug with glowing orange swords challenging everyone and anyone to a fight to the death" she explained as Barabtos sighed."Fucking ravana" he mumbled before looking back up at the barmaid. "Which direction would these attacks be happening at, just out of curiosity" he asked with a grin as Ahri shot him an odd look."Off towards the north side of the town, closer to the old mining hills if I had to guess" she said as the man nodded slowly. "Don't go getting yourself into trouble you, I would like that nice butt of yours intact for when I ravage you" she said, slightly louder than she needed two as the blue oni by the door gave her a wolf whistle."How about a rain check on that, thanks for the drink" Barabtos said, pushing away from the counter and leaving a couple gold by the empty mug in front of ahri. The fox woman only shook her head with a smile as she watched the man leave.Oh she couldn't wait to see him again.Now if only she could find out why she couldn't even get a hint of spirit energy from him…that wasn't natural at all.Back with Barbatos, the man was following the directions Ahri had given him, his mind distracted by the fact another primal was nearby.At least it was Ravana, he could deal with him himself quickly.Just needed to get permission from the headmistress after the exam to disappear for a few hours and fight the insect primal.Just another day for the warrior of light it seems."I'm Sorry!" a sudden yell drew the gunbreakers attention, turning his head to find he was actually at his destination already.And just avoiding an angry couple storming out of the building as the cries of a young woman from inside went ignored."Well…let's see what's going on here" he muttered, slowly opening the door as he spotted someone kneeling on the ground inside the building.The building itself was nicely done up in his opinion, a well lit and simple cafe-like set up. A kitchen and counter at the back and each table decorated in frilly dragon scaled cloth. At the centre a young woman was slowly lifting up the pieces of a broken plate, the food having been spilled onto the floor.Most likely after being split onto the angry customers that had just left.Bareabtos turned his eyes away from the food, spotting the light green hair of the woman cleaning up the mess, her hair done up in a set of cute twintails as her bright green eyes glistened with tears.Her attire was that of a maid, an open top showing off a fair bit of her cleavage behind the frills, a short skirt ending at the middle of her thighs as her legs were clothed in a pair of light green thigh high socks. What looked like a pair of small green wings hooked around her waist, looking like a nice set of decorations to her maid outfit.If Barbatos was honest she looked beautiful, and seeing her so downcast pulled at his heart strings a little."You okay there, miss" Barabtos asked gently, moving forward and helping the woman with picking up the broken plate. The woman in question looked up at him, her teary eyes blinking in surprise as she found herself getting lost in his blue ones."Huh, oh Oh! I'm so sorry sir, I'll get this sorted in just a moment!" the woman said, grabbing the broken plate from his hands and all but disappearing into the kitchen to get rid of the mess.Watching her go, barbatois could only sigh as he found himself moving towards the kitchen door without thinking about it."I'll just be a second sir!" she called back as Barbatos blinked, finding himself stepping back to avoid the greenette from barreling into him as she came out with a bucket and mop to clean up the spilled food on the ground.Not a second later and with practised ease the floor had been cleaned and looked like nothing had ever fallen on it.Quite impressive really."Welcome to the dragon maid cafe, I'm your parlor maid and I'll be at your service, master" the woman spoke, bowing long and giving the gunbreaker a curtsy and Barbatos found himself smiling at her."Well, that was very impressive work there milady" Barbtos replied as the woman looked back up to him in surprise, finding a small blush blooming across her cheeks as he smiled back at her."Um..um thank you sir" she spoke, gripping the hem of her skirt shyly at the man's words. "Oh oh! Have a seat sir, I can bring you a menu over for you" she said, suddenly remembering she was to be serving the white haired stranger instead of acting like a succubus in heat.She had a job to do! And no handsome stranger was going to stop her, no matter how much she just wanted to get lost in his eyes.Leading him towards one of the empty tables by the window, the maid gently took out his seat as Barabtos sat himself down, giving the girl a smile as he accepted a menu from her. Taking notice of her nervous smile as he glanced through the menu."These sound delicious, what would you recommend miss…" he promoted, glancing up at the nervous girl standing beside the table.Oh? Oh I…I'm Lopar sir, and right now we have a delightful selection of cakes and buns fresh from the oven, along with some dragonian tea we have ready to be made at your pleasure" Lopar spoke with a small amount of pride."A slice of cake and some tea sounds lovely Milady," barbatos replied, folding up the menu for the woman as she smiled at how kind the man was acting towards her."I'll bring them right out to you sir, just one moment please" she said bowing to him as she practically skipped away to get his food and drink.Taking some time to look at the cafe, Barbatos took notice of the lack of well…anyone inside, no customers or other employees working at this time of day. Just what was going on with this place.A few moments later, Lopar returned with a tray in her hands, almost stumbling out of the door before correcting her footing. Sighing to herself, the young dragon made her way towards the white haired man, gently placing the tray down in front of him as she offered him a smile.One he returned as she tried not to blush at how well this was going for her."Here you go sir, I hope it's to your liking," Lopar said, stepping back with the empty tray and bringing it back towards the counter. Only to catch her food on a charity leg, sending her tumbling back into a table behind her with a yelp of pain.Barbatos was already on his feet, instantly by the young maids side as she slowly helped her sit up. Shaking the pain in her head away, Lopar looked to see the man staring down at her with concern, surprising her as she fully expected the man to be angry about wrecking the place…again."Easy now milady, you okay?" he asked, keeping her hand in his as he helped her to sit in the seat across from his, kneeling down to check if she had hurt herself at all."I…I'm fine sir, just, another one of my accidents while working I guess" Lopar mumbled, sadly as Barabtos looked at her in concern."No worries about that, what's important is that you're okay, I take it this kind of thing happens a lot?" the gunbreaker asked as Lopar found herself nodding to his words before she realised what he said."Oh. oh no, its its not a regular thing…please don't leave yet sir, I can do better!" she exclaimed, surprising the man before he gently laid a hand on her shoulder, bringing her attention to him."I'm not going anyway so don't worry about that, now I don't think I've introduced myself to the lovely maid serving me today" he spoke, sliding into the seat across from her, holding up a hand to stop Lopar from leaving her seat. "I'm Barbatos and I would love to get to know the owner of this fine cafe, is she the cute green haired maid by any chance" he joked making the young woman blush as she looked down at her skirt in embarrassment.Looking back up at him, Lopar found herself smiling at the man before speaking."Yes, I'm Lopar the owner of the dragon maid cafe here in Visorhold" She spoke before offering him a small smile of her own. "And what brings you here today sir Barbatos, not everyone sticks around after seeing me act like that" she asked as the man chuckled in return."Just found the place today, and from the company already I think I'll really enjoy my stay here" he said, making the girl blush even more as she found herself relaxing around the man. "I'm new to Visorhold and wanted to grab some food before going about my day, did you make the cake yourself?" he asked, taking a bite of the cake as Lopar nodded slightly."Everything is hand baked here, made from the best ingredients imported from dragonia and made by yours truly" she said with pride as the man tipped his head towards her."My compliments to the chief" he said as the two of them shared a small laugh between them. Soon enough they fell into a pleasant conversation as the day grew on, no one disturbing them as the woman rarely had any customers to the cafe.Some onlookers from the dinow had taken notice of the white clad man from the dinow, glancing in interest as he seemed to be having a good time talking to the resident clumsy dragon of visorhold.Some of the older couples passing by could only laugh to themselves as it seemed the dragon was the one to claim the handsome newcomer everyone was talking about.Oh how strange of a day it was for the town of visorhold.If only they knew what was to come.Off towards the hills, a deep orange visor like eye gleaned in the darkness of its cave, staring out towards the entrance as it took notice of the familiar feeling of aether in the air of the town.The aether of a dear rivel.Slowly standing to its massive 12 foot height, stretching out its four arms as a dark chuckle escaped its throat.Oh, its next fight with the warrior was going to be glorious…and by morning of the next day it would arrive to challenge him once again.
  
    Chapter Text
    "Where is he?!" lyra cried running around the market frantically looking for her future husband.The stupid man hadnt come back to them when he said he would, and that had sent Lyra into a frenzy as she started yelling about some dumb succubus stealing her man and how she was going to rip their head off.Vocia took offence to that comment…and felt a little queasy at how descriptive the werewolf was being when talking about dismembering one of her kin.Syr could only shake her head, sighing as she reached out, grabbing the werewolf by the scruff of her outfit and pulling her down the street."There's no use losing your head Lyra, the idiot is nearby and you'll catch his scent if we get close enough" Syr explained as the wolf blinked at her words, seemingly forgetting she had an amazing sense of smell. "Let's check the local bars, you know how he likes to relax with a mug from his stories" she added as Vocia perked up."Oh? Then maybe he is visiting Ahri's place, she has one of the more mello taverns in the town, if anyone wanted to get lucky they would need to do it behind closed doors around her place" Voica spoke up as Syr nodded in agreement."Really? I thought you could just take your husband whenever you wanted in the demon realms" Lyra spoke up as Vocia chuckled at the girls words."Maybe in a red demon realm or nearer the royal capital, but out here we have a bit of sense around us, you'll sometimes find someone being taken to the headmistress's office for fucking in the halls of the college" the succubus said as Syr looked away blushing.How indecent!"At least we have a room for you three tonight, the entrance exam for the college is early tomorrow morning so you will need some good rest and a nice breakfast to keep your energy up, I would also add a nice good fucking from your husband but…" Vocia trailed off as Lyra glared at her for the underhanded comment."Do you know what we will be doing, any advice?" Syr asked, looking at the succubus as she guided them down the market street. Vocia looked over at the elf, looking over her equipment as she smiled."I think you'll do fine, both you and Lyra will do amazing in the fighting portion of the exam, the magic section is up in the air and I don't think either of you two will be taking the healing portion" Vocia said as Syr raised an eyebrow at her."What I mean is, when a male does enter the college they are given the healing exam, most men can only use their spirit energy to provide healing magic and support for the monster girls that are on their adventure team" the succubus said as Syr narrowed her eyes, thinking on her words and what it could mean for Barbatos."But, My hubby isn't a healer" Lyra said innocently towards Vocia."That's not good at all, he should be able to access at least simple healing magics to help what, what have you been doing on your way to Visorhold" She asked looking at the werewolf with interest as Syr sighed, already not looking forward to more questions from the succubus."Oh! We watched as my hubby sent a amazon leader flying into a tree with a kick, and then how he beat this huge red demon that was going to burn West End to the ground, he was so handsome" Lyra gushed as Vocia blinked in confusion, turning her gaze towards Syr for an answer."Its true, Barbatos has to be one of the strongest men I have ever seen, he'll definitely surprise anyone watching the exam tomorrow" the elf replied smiling as the succubus looked at her in disbelief."How is that possible, an amazon would have broken his bones with ease" Vocia mumbled as the elf shrugged, looking away from the succubus as she caught sight of a tavern at the end of the street. Making their way forward, Vocia decided to ignore the questions around the white haired man in favour of finding him first.Inside the bar, the three girls spotted a blonde haired fox woman manning the counter, cleaning a few glasses by hand as she watched the bar for any issues or another customer looking for a drink."Oh Vocia how are you darlin" the woman said, smiling at the succubus as she waved her forward. Vocia smiled, making her way to the counter as Syr and Lyra followed closely behind."Ahri it's been too long" Vocia called, all but bounding over the counter to hug the fox girls. Ahri laughed, getting her friend off of her as she turned to address the wolf and elf that had followed the demon into the bar."So y'all new to visorhold as well I take it?" the barmaid asked, grabbed a few empty glasses from behind the counter. The trio climbed into the seats at the counter, Lyra asking for something sweet from the fox girl while Syr tried to ignore the looks she was getting from a few drunk monster girls."They got here not too long ago with a white haired man, a handsome one too," Vocia explained with a sly grin as Ahri chuckled to herself."Oh you mean Baratos, does that mean you are the overly affectionate wolf he was talking about?" Ahri asked, handing Lyra the glass of sweet honey ale as the wolf looked down, her ears folded back on her head at the woman's words."Does he find me annoying?" she mumbled out as Ahri gained a soft look in her eyes."I didn't say that dear, he's rather fond of you from what he talked about, now perk up you wont get him into your bed without that cute smile of yours" Ahri encouraged as the wolf looked at her, trying to find treuth in her words. She found herself smiling anyway, the thought of the gunbreaker talking about her making her feel warm in her chest.Syr only shook her head, looking towards Vocia as the succubus sipped her own drink she had been given. "Do you know where he went by chance? He was meant to return before long" Syr asked gently as Ahri raised an eyebrow at her words."He shouldn't have taken too long delivering that letter to Lopar, but last he said he was heading towards dragon maid cafe down the street, Vocia knows where it is don't you dear" Ahri explained as Vocia nodded to her slowly."I know the cafe, cute dragon girl with green hair…a bit clumsy to be running a cafe on her own if you ask me" the demon girl muttered, finishing off her drink as Lyra did the same. "Thank you for the drink, we need to catch up soon once classes let off in the next few weeks" she said as Ahri waved her off."My rooms are always open to you dear, and if you bring that handsome man along I won't complain" she said winking at Lyra as the wolf growled towards her. "Oh don't be like that, I'm not looking to claim him for myself, do have fun when you do get him into bed" she added with a smirk as the wolf girl left the tavern, muttering about how foxes steal men and such.Really, Ahri just wanted to tease them a bit…maybe get a little action but can you blame her?Outside the bar, Voica directed the three down the street towards the cafe, Syr watching carefully as the monster girls around them started to head off with their husbands for the evening.She probably would not be getting any sleep with the amount of noise and sex that would be heard throughout the hotel they had gotten for the night.Further down the street, the trio of girls found a small crowd gathering around the windows of the cafe they were heading towards. Syr could hear them talking about a cute couple inside the cafe, as well as a few cheering for the maid finally getting a handsome man for herself.Before she could stop it, Syr watched as Lyra surged forward, barging past the crowd of monster girls and their husbands and throwing the door to the cafe wide open. Voica and Syre quickly followed, finding the wolf girl standing stock still as Barabtos sat by a table as a cute green haired maid placed a fresh cup of tea down in front of him."Hi! Welcome to cafe dragon maid, would you like to have a seat and i'll be right over to you!" Lopar said cheerfully, turning away from Barbatos as the white haired man rested his face in his palm. He could already tell this was going to get messy."Oh we will" Lyra growled, surprising the young dragon as she marched towards Barbatos, grabbing a chair and roughly sitting herself down to his right, leaning on him as she gave him a side glare."Oh…ughhh" Lopar trailed off, not really understanding what to do. She hadn't smelt any other monster girl on the mercenary so seeing this werwolf all but staking her claim to the man was surprising. And as a dragon Lopar was slightly pissed at her for doing so. He was going to be hers!Wait…no, yes…no, arghhhh."I'm sorry about her" a voice spoke up as the dragon spotted an elf and a demon succubus entering her cafe as well. "We are companions of Barbatos, I hope you don't mind the intrusion" Syur added with a small bow.Lopar smiled softly as she realised that these were the friends Barabtos had spoken of while he was here. "It's no trouble at all, please have a seat, would you like some tea?" she asked, looking towards the werewolf with a hint of jealousy.She wanted to hug the man like that too!"So what was keeping you up Barbatos, we were waiting on you you know" Vocia asked, sl;iding into a chair across from the man as she gave him a playful smirk. "Did the dragon catch your attention, you inot scales?" she asked as Lopar found herself hiding behind her tray to hide her blush.Barabtos only shook his head with a laugh. "I actually got a bit side tracked by these treats, Y'shtola always said I was a sucker for sweet things' ' he said fondly, not catching the slight growl coming from Lyra as she heard him speak about another woman.He should only be speaking about her like that…maybe Syr but that's it!"Sweet things, I can be very sweet for you handsome" vocia said shamelessly as Barabtos chuckled awkwardly…he really didn't know how to deal with such…flirty women that's for sure."Leave him alone bat" Lyra growled as the succubus actually looked offended for a change."Bat!, how dare you, you mutt!" Vocia yelled back, only for both girls to be whacked over the head by a certain cafe owner's tray."No yelling, now if you would like to order something here is a menu, I will be back with your tea shortly" the dragon said, taking complete control of the situation as both monster girls backed down from her harsh glare."She's got some bite to her" Syr mumbled out with a grin as Barabtos nodded to her, surprised himself that the shy dragon could rein in those two so easily."I'll have to come round here more often if she can get those two to be docile" he chuckled as Lyra shot him a glare."I don't need to be docile…unless you want that?" she said, looking at the man unsurely as Barabtos shook his head brushing a hand through the wolf's hair to calm her down."None of that, I like you the way you are Lyra, so how was the town, anything interesting?" Barabtos asked, ignoring how Vocia was mumbling about wanting to get a head pat from him too.He was not going to understand these girls any time soon that's for sure."Nothing too crazy, some nice market stalls that sell some rather exotic meats and fruit that I haven't seen before" Syr explained as the white haired man nodded with a smile."That would be Visorholds best imports, we are close enough to the ports that we all get first selection on the best of the best," Lopar explained as she returned to the table with a fresh tea pot and a few extra cups for the girls."To right, it helps alot with the hotels and brothels in the city having so much access, keeps the town buzzing with new people every day" Vocia added with a wink to Barbatos that he pointedly ignored."Anyone give you any trouble?" the gunbreaker asked, looking at Lyra and Syr with a concerned look. Lyra smiled proudly at him, making him raise an eyebrow while Syr looked down slightly with an embarrassed look on her face."I protected my sister wife from some mean old dark elves, trying to make fun of her for not being like them, told them how we already have an amazing husband and they got super jealous" she said with a wide fanged smile as Syr sighed loudly."It really didn't need Lyra, I appreciate it but we need to keep a low profile while here" the elf mumbled as Lyra giggled to herself for her mistake."Don't worry about it you two, with mister I want to be a fighter here, you'll have way too much attention soon enough" vocia spoke up as she gestured to the gunbreaker across from her. "The exam tomorrow will be interesting when they see him at the combat trials" she added with a slightly concerned tone in her voice.She wanted to believe the man, but she was brought up to protect males from harm so…letting him do the exam was already tough enough for her.And she only met him today too!"From what Barabtos has told me, I believe he will do amazing tomorrow" Lopar said, smiling cutely as Barabtos nodded to her in thanks. "But you should all get some rest for tomorrow, I've heard the exam can make some orcs or even an amazon get badly hurt from them" she added as Barbtos took notice of the setting sun outside the window."We have been here a while, I'll make sure to come by tomorrow for dinner, your food is amazing Lopar" Barabtos said, making the young dragon look down with a happy smile on her face.It was a nice surprise to have her efforts praised for once that's for sure."Yes the cute maid is a good housewife, but now lets focus on me, your sexy demon for the night" Vocia said, pulling Barbatos out of the chair and towards the door, Lyra rushing after them and yelling for the succubus to let go of her husband.Syr only sighed loudly, giving Lopar an apologetic smile before following them."They are good people, I hope for Barbatos status for a while…oh what am I thinking!" Lopar muttered trying to shake off the hot blush from her cheeks before going about closing the cafe for the day. All in all the day was a success for her.Inside the inn, Barabtos was sitting on the edge of the bed, clad only in his under armour and trousers while his coat was being used as a blanket by Syr. Lyra had taken the bed for herself while she waited for Barabtos to, in her own words. Join her in wrecking the frame.Yeah that wasn't going to happen any time soon for the gunbreaker.His eyes trailed down to his left wrist, looking at the platinum jewelled band that was attached to him, the glint of the metal making him smile as his mind turned to a certain white haired cat.Shaking his head, the man would think about how to get back home later on, after he had taken care of the primal issues of this world.He knew she would be waiting for him back home…and more than likely ready to end him flying off a cliff with one of her spells before telling him off for disappearing on her.Ah how he missed that woman.Looking out the window, Barabtos winced as he heard another couple in one of the other inn rooms having very…rough intimacy. Did these walls have to be so damn thin? At least he didn't need to deal with Vocia or Lyra trying to get into his pants for the night.The succubus was very persistent in staying in this room with them too.A slight shimmer in the distance caught the man's attention, narrowing his eyes as he felt something…familiar pulsing through the air. A feeling of malice that he had felt before.One that he enjoyed to test himself against every now and then because he and the other one could always use a good fight to release some stress from keeping eorzea safe from destruction.Looking towards his gunblade, the man narrowed his eyes as he thought about the current situation. Someone…someone was trying to control the primals…it wasn't working and now they were free to do whatever they wanted to this world.And if…if it got too bad the sin eaters would come as well…and he would be damned if anyone had to face those monsters again.With a silent promise, the warrior of light looked towards the moon of this world, vowing to himself to stop this madness before it was too late. The friendships he had already made here was something to be cherished.If only they didn't want to have sex with him that is…ugh this world was too complicated to understand."Sleep will do me well…and least Thancred isn't here…he would have a field day running around this place" Barbatos chuckled, letting himself drift off to sleep, feeling Lyra pawing at his arms as he was pulled into her embrace for the night.
  
    Chapter Text
    Early the next morning Barabtos was already outside the inn with his gear in place. His gunblade was resting on its holster while he crossed his arms, leaning against the wall of the inn as he hummed to himself. the familiar tune of the dragon song war whispered through his mind, letting him remember that day where he slew the great dragon that took over his war brother's body. It was a day to remember, that's for sure. Before he could be lost in his memories, the man's ears picked up the sound of his companions exciting the inn. Lyra was swaying groggily from side to side, barely awake at this time in the morning. Syr on the other hand was ready to go , her bow holstered on her back while she adjusted her hat to fit around her ears. She was still getting used to wearing the thing that's for sure. “Morning you two” Barabtos said, smiling as Lyra perked up, looking towards him as she leopard forward and gave him a very enthusiastic hug. Too enthusiastic if you ask him. “Morning hubby, where did you go? You weren't in my arms when I woke up” Lyra asked cutely, smiling up at the man as Barabtos ruffled her hair. “Needed to clear the mind for today, some nice morning air always helps with that, shall we get going?” he asked, looking towards the elf as she nodded with a smile of her own. The trio travelled through town undisturbed, not many being awake at this time in the morning. And those that were were setting up shop for the day in the markets. Coming up to the campus, the group spotted more monster girls making their way towards the open fields beside the main building. Barabtos spotted the dark armour of the headmistress directing the would-be students to their selected exams. When her eyes landed on them, she gave him a vicious smile and a wink as Barbatos nodded back to her.  Entering the field, Barbatos led them towards the largest group of monster girls, an older succubus directing them towards where the combat test would be taken. “I'm sorry but the healing exams will be taking place later today” she said, stopping the gunbreaker as she let Lyra and Syr past her towards the group. Barabtos raised an eyebrow at her, waiting for her to actually pay attention as she again tried to shoo him away. “I’m taking the fighter exam” he said, his voice making all the chatter in the field stop. The succubus looked up from her clipboard, staring at the white haired man in surprise as she didn’t believe what he just said. Slowly, one of the dark elves in the group started giggling to herself. Starting a slow laugh to break out from the gethered monster before all of them bar Lyra and Syr were laughing at the man. They couldn’t believe some human would actually try to fight in this exam, did he like to get beat up? Was that his kink? While they all had a good laugh, Barabtos stood, his eyes never leaving the succubus as she looked towards the headmistress for an answer. All the dark valkyrie did was nod to let the man through. Nodding to Barabtos, the succubus moved out of his way as she jolted down some notes as well as made someone get a medical unicorn on stand by for what was about to happen. “Yours such a stupid male, do you want me to punish you, save you the time of standing around?” the dark elf that had started the crowd into their laughing fit spoke, walking up to the gunbreaker as she eyed him up and down. Off to the side, Lyra was held back by Syr as the werewolf was ready to rip the other elf to shreds for her words. No one spoke about her husband like that!Barbatos ignored the dark elf, standing straight in front of her, his arms crossed over his chest. The monster girl raised an eyebrow, thinking he was trying to act tough in front of her. Oh that was cute. “I'll enjoy breaking you, you'll be my new pet by the end of lunch” the elf purred, waiting for some kind of reaction from the man. All she got was his stone cold expression, his eyes not even looking at her as he continued to stare at the headmistress. Who was watching all of this but had yet to make a move to intervene yet. Getting annoyed, the dark elf threw her hand out, slapping the male across his right cheek. She was surprised to see he didn’t even move, not even a flinch as the red hand print from his hit started to form on his cheek. “You worm, answer your new mistress!” she yelled, getting everyone to stare at the man as they waited for him to react. “Hypervelocity” the white haired man spoke, his tone cold and indifferent. A second later, energy coursed around his form, exploding outwards and sending the nearby monster girls flying. The ground beneath him cracking under the new pressure forms his energy alone. The dark elf closest to him landed on the group, wincing painfully as she turned to glare at the man. Only for her eyes to widen as he was standing in front of her, the glint of his gunblade pointed at her chin as he stared down at her without any expression on his face. “I was okay this morning, it was a nice day and I was going to enjoy taking part in this exam” he spoke, his tone sending shivers down every single monster girl. Some of the stronger ones looked at him with more interest while others wondered what he was saying to them. “But now, I’m royally pissed and I’m going to enjoy the next few hours” he said, his face breaking out in a smile. Normally the monster girls would call him handsome or cute when he smiled, but this…this was…this was wrong. His smile was vicious, his eyes glowing with power as the edge of his blade glinted dangerously in the morning sun. everything about him screamed dangerous to their base instincts. “Shall we get started, headmistress?” he asked, pulling his blade back from the elfs neck, sheathing it on his back with a loud click that made the gathered monster flinch at the sound. The headmistress only laughed, loudly as she enjoyed the little power play Barabtos had done there. Oh she was going to enjoy his time at the college that's for sure. “Let's get going ladies, we have a lot of tests to run and I need to see if you can even stand up to be in my collage…we have someone here ready to stand above you all already” she said, looking pointedly at Barbatos    That set off the monster girls, the more stubborn ones refusing to back down to some male who thought he was hot stuff. The dark elf from before glared heatedly at the man, promising to have him broken as her personal toy by the end of the day for embarrassing her like this. The first of the exams had officially begun after that, the group being led towards a thick stone pillar at the edge of the field, a dark mage standing beside the pillar with one of her tombs in her hands. “First up is a strength test, using anything you can. I want you all to hit this pillar one by one while we record the results” Vectra explained as she gestured towards the pillar in front of them. “We need to know how hard you all can hit, it will give us an idea of what can be improved on in regards to your personal strength, other tests will be done to gauge skill, magic, stamina and then your performance in fighting” she added as the gathered monster nodded. Barabtos looked interested in the idea of these tests, when he joined the adventurers collage in ul'dah, all he did was a few swinging lessons and then out into the field to get some experience. The test started soon after the headmistress finished talking, the first monster girl going up and showing off her strength before another did the same. Each one their results were recorded by the assistant off to the side and on the rare occasion the pillar was repaired by the dark mage. When it came to Syr’s turn, she was barely holding back at snapping at the dark elves in the crowd giving her comments about being weaker than them. Smiling to himself Barbatos waved to get her attention. “Channel some Aether into the string Syr, you got this!” he cheered, getting odd looks from the girls around him. Syr herself received jealous stares as she had the handsome man cheering for her. Following his words, Syr gently let her mana, why did he keep referring to it as Aether? Into the bow string. It glowed softly, humming as if she played a soft note on an instrument. Releasing the arrow, the crowd heard a low melodie note reigning out before the pillar exploded, a large piece of it missing as everyone stared in shock at the destruction that was caused. All but Barabtos as he grinned from ear to ear, not seeing the dirty glare he was getting from the dark elf behind him. Up next was Lyra, the wolf walking up to the repaired pillar, holding the monk gauntlet tightly as she glanced back at Barbatos in uncertainty. He smiled at her, gesturing to his fist and giving her an encouraging nod. “Trust yourself wolfy” he called out as Lyra smiled, feeling the little bits of demonic mana she could use throughout her body. Like the man had explained before, she channelled it as best she could into his fist, the lion headed gauntlet glowing softly as she reared heart fist back. Like with Syr, the pillar all but shattered when she threw her fist forward, the top half cracking a second later and crashing into the ground in front of them as the gathered monster stared at Lyra in disbelief. The Orc that had thought herself stronger than them all had more and more second thoughts, from what the last two girls had displayed. She hadn't even been able to take more than a large box sized piece off the pillar before the elf hit it with her arrow!Finally, it was Barabatos’s turn, walking up to the pillar as he reached for his gunblade. Only to surprise everyone as he stabbed the bl;ade into the ground beside him. “I dont have alot of talent with magic anymore…but I can do this” he said slowly, turning to the pillar and with what looked like a small back hand. Sent the top half of the pillar flying across the field, shattering it against the ground as everyone, even the headmistress, flinched at the brutal destruction and sheer strength he had just shown them all. Victra burst out laughing at his display, watching the man grab his blade as the soft glow around his arms disappeared into the air. No one else had noticed the man using his blade when the other exams had taken their turns. Must had booised his strength with the weapon before hitting the pillar. How clever. If only that didn’t exist the gathered monster girls at the fact a male of all things was able to display such power. He was going to be in for a fun time at this collage that's for sure. The tests confused on like that, each one being taken by everyone gathered in the field and Barabtos showing everyone just how outclassed they were in every single test. Finally, the fighting portion of the exam came, each examenes was paired up with another, given a five minute timer to show off what they could do against a real oppountant. The fights were daily quick., some matchups being completely one sided like an Orc versus a werecat. Or evenly matched with a high succubus versus a dark mage. Syr and Lyra completely overwhelmed their opponents in their fights. Not even needed a minute to knock out the monster girl they were fighting. Lyra hit them as soon as Vectra started the match while Syr pinned them down with a choke hold after dodging the initial attack.All that left was Barabtos…facing off against the glaring dark elf with her wip held tightly in her hands. Barbatos only gave her a raised eyebrow in confusion as her knuckles were pure white from how tight she was holding the weapon. He didn’t seem to understand how much he trampled on her pride and joy of being a dark elf with how easily he out paced her in the tests. And with how much he seemed to ignore her she could only hate him even more. Wishing to have him wiped at her little pet begging for her to stop and please him. She would, but only after he admitted to being weaker than her and how much better she wass than him. The gunbreaker only grew slightly more concerned as the dark elef seemed to be drooling as she thought of something…weird girl. “Can we get on with this?” he asked, resting his gunblade on his shoulder and snapping the dark elf out of her thoughts. He would learn to never interrupt her soon. “You won't even last a minute against me slave!” the elf yelled, cracking her whip as if to intimidate the man before her. “My name is Irisviel and you will bow to your Mistress” she yelled, her whip striking out to hit the gunbreaker. The snap of the whip made Syr flinch, Lyra growling menacingly as the black corded weapon wrapped around her husband's throat. Irisviel smiled to herself, thinking she had the man as she pulled on her whip. She was not greeted by the sound of him hitting the ground like the worm he was. All she got was her arms struggling to pull him. The gunbreaker continued to stare at her, unmoving in his stance as she tugged on the whip again. He didn’t move, not even an inch as she pulled and pulled on the whip. Slowly, Barbatos raised his hand up, grabbing the whip and with a simple pull, ripped it from his throat without much effort. Irisvile stared in disbelief, her prized weapon laying limply on the ground, the end being discarded like meer trash as the man turned to look back at her. She flinched, her eyes meeting his eyes as she saw a spark of energy pulsing in his eyes. He pulled the trigger of his gunblade, red energy coursing around his frame as his ankle shiftly slightly. A second later the ground cracked behind him, the man appeared in front of the elf, the flat side of his gunblade already swinging towards her head. Irisvile closed her eyes, readying herself for the pain to come. Only to be met with a soft rap of knuckles on her scalpel…blinking in confusion as Barabtos grinned down at her, his smile making her stomach do flips as her cheeks reddened with a hot blush. “You shouldn’t look down on anyone, don't do you any favours” he said, sheathing his blade on his back as he turned, walking towards the headmistress as she rewarded him with the highest marks again. Irisviel fell to her knees, unable to understand what had happened towards as the succubus assistant gave her the results of her fight with Barabtos, explaining that she had passed and would be attending the co9llege from tomorrow. She didn’t listen, her eyes only following the back of the white haired man's coat as he walked off with that werewolf and elf beside him. How…how dare he!He humiliated her, he didn’t even defeat her properly, and now he made her feel all warm and funny. Oh she was going to make him pay!Unaware of the dark elves' thoughts,Barbatos joined Syr and Lyra by the stage seats, watching as Vectra gave her welcoming speech to the gathered monster girls. And bidding anyone that failed to grow stronger and try again in 3 months time. “With the highest scores I have ever seen, Barbatos Fox, you have smashed every record of this college and for that you will get some extra privileges that come with being such an amazing fighter” Vectra explained as the monster girls looked shocked. They had never seen the women praising someone so much before. Let alone a man of all things!“How come he gets such great treatment, he's just a male!” an orc girl yelled, as others yelled in agreement. Only to be silenced as the dark Valkyrie stomped her foot, a shroud of darkness appearing around her as everyone felt a pressure on their shoulders. “If you can beat his scores, go ahead!” Vectra challenged, looking directly towards the monster that had started speaking out against her choice. The orc shrank back in fear from the headmistress's gaze, going completely silent as she found the floor more interesting that anything else around her. “There we go, now Barbatos you and your companions will join me in my office tomorrow before classes begin, and once again, I’m proud of see all you would be adventurers taking time to learn and grow stronger here in my collage” Vectra said, walking of back towards the collage. Before anyone could say anything, either to congratulate each other or to ask for Barbatos to take them to his bedroom. Yeah it would happen and you know it would! Something large landed across from the group. A small dust cloud being kicked up as a pair of orange glowing swords cut through the ground as if it was a hot knife through butter. An orange glowing visor stared at the group, looking eyes with Barbatos as the man slowly stood up from his seat. “It's…it's that thing that attacked the traders!” one of the gremlin girls yelled, pointing towards the hulking insect-like creature. It stood, stabbing its blades into the ground staring at them unmoving as its visor continued to stare directly at Barbatos. The white haired man grinned to himself, walking through the seats as the monster girls around him gathered up their weapons to fight it. “Stand down!” Vectra yelled, standing in front of the group as she brandished her dark sabre towards the primal monster. “You all haven't even begun training, do you want to die here!” she added, making the monster girls back down from the idea of fighting the beast. “Don't worry headmistress” Barbatos spoke, walking past the women as she eyed him carefully. “Leave this one to me remember '' he said, grinning as his eyes shifted, his expression turning vicious as he looked towards the large figure across from him. Syr and Lyra wanted to go help, only to have Barbatos wave them down as something in his expression made them wonder if he was actually going to fight. It wasn’t the same as with Ifrit. It was…much more relaxed and…excited?“What are you doing? Do you want to die!” Irisvail yelled being held back by a succubus as she tried to get to Barbatos before he got closer to the primal. Barbatos ignored her, walking towards the beast as it started down at him, stopping maybe 100 meters away from it. Looking up, the man unsheathed his gunblade, planting it into the ground beside him smiling. As the beast titled its head slightly. “Well…shall we ravana” he spoke, lowering himself  slightly as the now named Ravana did the same. “Come on warrior, let us begin!” Ravana called out, his voice grating into everyone's ears. A second later, both of them shot off from their places, running at each other full speed, the ground crack under their feet before they met in the middle. Crack!The resounding painful crack made everyone flinch, watching in disbelief as Barabtos and the primal monster stood at the center of the field. Their heads pressed against each other , pushing against the other as blood trickled down Baratos’s forehead. The two backed away from each other…laughing?“Oh man this is going to be good!” Barbatos laughed, stumbling back towards his gunblade , whipping the blood from his head as he did. Behind him, Ravana retrieved his four swords, a booming laugh matching the gunbreakers own enjoyment. “Come Warrior, test your might against me!” the primal laughed, turning to Barbatos as he pointed two of his blades towards the man. Barbatos smiled back, flicking his gunblade open as he reloaded the cartridges and flicking it closed with a loud click. “Let's see if you can keep up this time!” Barbatos smiled, shooting off towards Ravan as the two collided against each other, swords met gunblade as the wind kicked up around them. Vectra could only shake her head, releasing this Barbatos was far more interesting than he first appeared.
  