    The snow piled heavily all around us, the cold creeping through the many cracks of the old farmhouse we called home. I reclined into my fathers large cushioned chair, my eyes focused on the bundle in my hands. I cradled it softly, before it began to stir and shiver in my grasp.“M-Mary… I’m cold-" my little sister meekly squeaked, her blue eyes peeking through the layers of cloth I wrapt her in.    Concerned, I looked towards the fireplace. The fading embers were not promising. I gave her a gentle kiss on her forehead before letting her down onto the seat. I looked around, spotting an old stool in the corner.“One moment, Anna. We’ll be warm soon!" I exclaimed, trudging over to the rotten wood.    This year’s harvest had been terrible, leaving us with barely enough food to get through the winter. Our parents set out to get provisions from the nearest village but never returned. Although I held out hope that they had made it, doubt started to sprout within me. Gods bless their hearts.    I turned the stool around to kick the brittle, wooden legs apart. I cursed silently at my own weakness, needing multiple tries until the wood gave in. With a crash it clattered to the dusty ground, and I hoped it would help for at least a bit.I heaved the splintered wood into the fireplace, reassured at the sight of it roaring back to life.    Sitting down on one of the few furs we had, I cradled Anna in front of the flames.“I miss mama..." she cried with a pained expression, her round face distorted in sadness.    Holding back tears, I gave her another kiss. I needed to be strong, for her.“Don’t worry. Maria is here for you~" I whispered into her ear, feeling her slacken in my grip.“Mama..." she muttered while drifting off to sleep.    Tears streamed down my face. We would die out here, alone. Just because I was too weak to do anything about it. We ran out of firewood a while ago, and chairs and stools could only feed the fire for so long. My eyes wandered through the empty living room, coming to rest next to the door. Dad’s old woodsman's axe… I swallowed heavily, sizing up the heavy thing. Would I even be able to lift it? It wasn’t like I had a choice…    Letting Anna down onto the warm fur, I steadied myself. For the sake of both of us, I had to get firewood now. I was determined to get through this. If not for me, then at least for my little sister. I wrapped myself in the thick coat that my mother had made for me… and grasped the heft of the axe. Breathing in and out slowly, I managed to heave it off the ground. My shoulder creaked under the pressure as it came to rest on it.    With a forlorn look, I watched over the bundle in front of the fireplace…“I will be back soon, Anna. I promise." I whispered, setting out into the cold night.    I struggled to keep upright as I stumbled through the darkness. I always had been weak, and I felt like a terrible burden to my parents. I couldn’t help them in the fields for long, and other than sewing and a little cooking my skills were sorely lacking.    Step by step, I approached the treeline. The intimidating woods towered before me, letting me shiver in my boots. Tightening my grip on the axe, I looked around for a small tree, something I would be able to cut.    I chose a young tree not too far away, breathing in deeply and swinging the axe with all my might. The dull blade chipped the bark slightly, drawing an annoyed groan from me as I tried to regain my composure.    Slowly but steadily I worked through the small tree, burying the head just a little deeper with every swing. Dad once told me how to fell a tree, and despite not believing I would ever be able to, I was happy that he did. I took minutes between every hit, my arms slowly giving out under the weight. Why did this have to be this hard?    My vision slowly began to dim. I was so close! I couldn’t give up now, and so I continued.Twenty, twenty one, twenty two, twenty three, twenty four… The tree slowly began to tilt as I smiled in triumph. I would bring the wood home, and then…    My triumphant thoughts got buried under a wave of fatigue and the realization of what I set out to do. I would never be able to lift that! Tears dripped into the cold snow. I had just doomed both of us… I will die out here, leaving her all alone... Anna… I’m sorry.    No! I have to make this work, somehow. I leaned against the tree, loud creaking echoing through the forest as it slowly toppled over. Biting my lip in frustration, I grabbed the fallen trunk with both hands and started to pull.    The tree didn't move an inch, sinking deep into the snow. My hands were numb from the cold, and I couldn’t feel my fingers anymore. A burning sensation coursed through my arms and legs, leaving me shivering and powerless.    This is how it would end, huh? A foolish girl trying to fell a tree at the dead of night, freezing to death before she could bring it home.    With a weak, mournful cry, I fell onto the soft snow. The world around me fell dark, only the white flakes falling in front of me. A quiet, even thumping echoed through the treeline, lulling me into unconsciousness.    I was engulfed in a gentle warmth, starting to seep into my very bones. Had I died? Had I left my little sister alone? I didn’t dare open my eyes, listening for sounds in the darkness.    I heard nothing, but then… I heard Anna! She was… laughing? I must be dreaming or worse. Anna hadn’t been laughing for weeks now, and somehow it put me on edge.    What was wrong with me? Why would I be scared of my sister’s happiness? Then I heard another voice, deeper. It was hard to make out, but I was pretty sure that it was a woman. Did they come back?! No… that wasn’t mothers voice…    I carefully pried open my eyes to find myself in my own bed. I haven’t been sleeping here since the window gave way. We moved down into the living room to escape the cold.    To my surprise, the window was now boarded shut and it was cozily warm. I was wrapped in the many blankets I rolled Anna in, but my blood ran cold. What about her? Isn’t she cold?    I scrambled onto my feet, but I paused for a moment when a mouthwatering aroma wafted up the stairs. My confusion only rose as I heard loud banging noises echoing from downstairs.    Tiptoeing down the creaking steps, I noticed the roaring flame within the fireplace.“Mary!" Anna screamed excitedly, leaping up the stairs and into my arms, “You’re alright! All thanks to the big, strong lady!”     I looked at her with utter confusion, trying to glean what she was on about as more loud banging drew my gaze over to the far end of the living room.    Next to the wall was a large woman, barring all the cracks inside the old wall with wooden planks. Her hooves clacked heavily on the ground with every step.“Oh hello! How are you feeling, miss? Sorry to invite myself in, but you looked like you might need help." she said in a calm, soothing voice while turning around.    Seeing her face, I froze in shock. I had heard of mamono before, monstrous women that live outside the reach of humans, but I never expected to meet one in person.    Her dark brown skin was covered with a sheet of black fur, thick and long on her arms and legs, but thin along her body. Large hooves covered her feet, clacking on the ground with every step.    Large, curved horns decorated her light brown hair, a thin, brown tail swinging back and forth behind her. A tuft of black hair sat atop it, swept backwards.“H-Hello." I stuttered, not sure if I should grab Anna and run for our lives.    Dad always said that mamono were dangerous and unpredictable. My eyes snapped back to my little sister, who suddenly ran over to the monstrous woman.“Wait." I croaked weakly, as Anna clung to the monster's muscular body.    She laughed throatily, ruffling Anna’s hair with her large hand.“Mary is awake! Thank you so much, lady!" she yelped, dangling down from her.“My, my~ Quite the lively one, isn’t she? My name is Terra, nice to meet you.”“L-Likewise… I’m Maria... W-What happened?" I asked, taking the last steps down without taking my eyes off her.“I found you passed out in the forest yesterday, dear. It’s dangerous to go out at night like that. Your sister here was still asleep when I arrived, and I gathered some dry twigs and branches to get the fire going!”“W-What about the t-tree?" I stuttered.    Terra looked at me, shaking her head. Did I do something wrong?“I’m happy that I found you two when I did, otherwise that could have been the end for both of you." she said, “I take it that you never gathered firewood before?”    My eyes wide, I just nodded.“What do you mean? Isn’t that what you do to get firewood?”    She laughed again, taking Anna in her arms.“Yes it is, Maria. But you need dry wood. Damp wood creates a lot of poisonous smoke. I cut the tree to size, and put it into the shack for later use.”    My mouth ran dry as I realized how stupid I had been. If she hadn’t…“Thank you, for rescuing me… us! But… why are y-you here?”    Anna looked up into her eyes, wrapping her little arms around her sizable chest.“Yeah, strong lady! Why are you out here?”“I’m just a wanderer, and I came here by chance. I hope you’re alright with me using your stuff.” she said, “I boarded up some of the holes in the walls and set up some potato stew! It must be just about ready. Are you hungry, Maria?”    My stomach betrayed me before I could answer. With a giggle, she let down Anna and headed for the kitchen.“Take a seat, you two! I’m bringing it to the table!" she hollered through the house.    Anna nodded eagerly, clambering up into one of the few chairs we had left. I wasn’t sure what to think, but if Anna trusted her that much then it would be mean to not accept her kindness. I took a seat opposite of my little sister, and waited for Terra to return.    Not too long after, Terra came back, carrying a large pot in her hands that I couldn’t even dream to lift. She placed it onto the table with a quiet thud, and proceeded to fill a set of bowls with hot stew. I really felt bad how I apparently failed as an older sister, but Anna’s shining face helped me somewhat. She hadn’t laughed in so long and yet this stranger… Terra made her feel so at ease.    After filling every bowl she took a seat herself, motioning me to eat. I was hesitant however… What if it was a trap? What if it was poisoned? Terra frowned at my conflicted expression.“Don’t believe what people tell you about us. I am just a wanderer that wants to help. No need to be scared! After all, I haven’t eaten you...yet." she said with a wink.“I’m not scared!" Anna replied faster than I could, and proceeded to scarf down the stew.    My mind was racing, trying to understand why she would be here. If she wanted to hurt us, she could have. I was lying helpless in the woods after all. For now, I would have to believe her.    Hesitantly, I brought the stew to my mouth, smelling it. By the goddess, it smelled wonderful! I took a sip, and my mind immediately threw my hesitation over board. I was starving, and I hadn’t eaten something this good in a while.“I don’t want to be insensitive, Terra, but what are you?" I asked between spoons of tasty potato.“I am what you humans would call a minotaur.”“Where do you come from, strong, cow lady? Where is your home?”“Anna. Don't be rude to our guest." I said in an accusing tone, making her flinch a little.“I’m sorry that-" I started, but Terra interrupted me.“No it’s fine, really. I don’t have a home anymore. Soldiers destroyed our home when I was little. I've been on the move and alone ever since...”    Anna immediately began to cry, leaping off of her stool and tackling Terra in a big hug.“That won’t do! Mary? Can we keep her?”    Terra and I looked each other in the eye, both speechless until she burst out into laughter.“I would love to, dear, but I don’t think that is a good idea." she cooed, a tinge of sadness in her voice.    I wasn’t sure what to do, but I had to admit that her presence was doing wonders for Anna. I really hated to admit it, but I feared that I won’t be able to care for her by myself. This lost expression in both of them slowly melted my heart.    Anna pleaded with doe eyes to me while Terra shifted uncomfortably in her seat, her head hanging low. She could be dangerous, but if I refuse…"I don't think that-" I managed to say before I got interrupted."Maaaary!" Anna whined, kicking her legs."It's fine sweetie~ I'm sure you'll do fine without me. I better get ready to continue my journey." Terra said, petting my little sister on the head.    There was no way in Pandemonium that we would get through the winter alone. I knew that, and she probably did too...“I… I mean… If you really want to, you can s-stay for a while.”“Really?!" Terra exclaimed before Anna could even get a chance to respond, which took me aback just as much as it did her.“Sorry… I mean, really? Would you be okay with sharing your home with a monster?”    There was genuine hope there. She must have had a few bad experiences before.“Sure. You seem alright so far, Terra. I don’t know much about mamono, but someone who makes a stew like that can’t be a bad person." I joked, earning a wide smile from her.“Thank you… Thank you so much!" she sniffed, walking around the table and enveloping me in a big hug.“Careful, Terra. You might break some bones there." I squeaked in her grasp, and she quickly let go again.“Sorry… I am just…" she just grinned, sitting back down. Anna squealed in delight.    I hoped I made the right choice.    I finished the meal in silence, taking in the hasty decision I had just made while Anna gazed at the newcomer as if in a trance.“It is rude to stare, Anna." I scolded her, but Terra just laughed throatily.“I don’t mind." she giggled, flexing her muscled arms for Anna.    My little sister squealed in surprise, leaning over the table towards her.Only time would tell if I would regret letting her in. Both Anna and Terra were smiling from ear to ear. The warm stew slowly warmed me from the inside out, driving the stubborn cold out of my body.    I was still pretty shaken by my sheer stupidity. Our parents always cared for us, and I couldn’t even compare to their wisdom. My mind kept wandering to the what ifs. What if Terra hadn’t found me? I would have left Anna scared and alone with no help in sight…    I shuddered in my chair, trying to force these visions out of my head. Instead, I took a closer look at my savior. Terra was a towering woman. Well defined abs showed on her taut belly, and her chest and privates were just barely covered by tattered leather belts and thick fur.“If you don’t mind, Terra, would you tell us a bit about your travels? I’m sure that Anna would love hearing some stories. Don’t you, sweetie?”“Yes! I wanna hear more about the strong, cow lady!" she quipped excitedly.“Anna!”    Terra giggled softly, shaking her head.“It’s fine, Maria. It’s nice being called ‘lady’ for once." she chided, “As for stories, there is quite a lot to tell. I’m a herbalist at heart, with a love for all kinds of plants. I came to this place because I heard that there are rare berries growing in the mountains around here, and I wanted to take a look! These things were hard to find but I-”    We spent the next hour listening intently to Terra’s stories while finishing off our dinner. Most of them were pretty mundane, but Anna’s wide eyed wonder almost made me buy into the whimsiness of her clearly overblown exploits.   She talked of forests of nasty tentacles that tried to throw her off her feet, spelunking in old, abandoned dwarven mines, climbing sheer cliff faces in the cutting wind… All of it for a couple of plants? By the Chief God, her imagination ran wild, but I couldn’t shake the feeling that there were some truths hidden within her fantastical stories.“Once, I was caught in a terrible snow storm! The snow and ice was piling high, the sharp wind chilling me to the bone! Maybe it was the toughest spot I ever found myself in. I hid in a cave and-”    A loud bang interrupted her, as the old door gave way to a small avalanche. The snowfall had picked up, and quickly whipped up into a storm. Bone chilling gusts of wind swept through the living room, letting Anna scream in terror.    Terra wasted no time, dashing over to the door and slamming it shut with all her might. She quickly barred the door with a couple of leftover planks while I tightly held Anna in my clutches. Her eyes were wide as I heard Terra’s thundering steps draw closer.    Shortly after, the battering cold subsided, and was replaced by the gentle warmth of a powerful hug. Terra engulfed us both in her embrace.“Everything is going to be alright, sweetie~ Don’t cry now." Terra cooed into my sisters ear, somehow soothing my heart as well.    Her kind words and gentle cradling quickly lulled Anna to sleep, a feat even my mother struggled with sometimes. Her peaceful, sleeping face, no longer grimacing in fear or sorrow, made me feel thankful for Terra’s aid. With a tinge of melancholy in her voice, Terra began to softly sing a lullaby that I had never heard before.    Her voice, chock full of emotion, made me realize that, despite the horns, fur and tail, she was still just a human. She meekly pressed her forehead to Anna’s, whispering softly.“Mommy..." she mumbled in her sleep, not in pain, but smiling.    Terra and I looked at each other, almost in tears.“Let me carry her to bed." I whispered, “Then we can talk some more.”    She nodded solemnly, releasing Anna from her clutches. She was so calm, so peaceful. Her golden hair flowed down her face as she grasped my arm in her sleep, nuzzling into me.“M-Mary...”    I smiled down at her, then towards Terra, before slowly heading upstairs.“Thank you again for letting me stay." Terra whispered to not wake up my sister.    We sat at the dining table, the night around us tumultuous and blanketed in heavy snowfall.    The sheer cold had stopped howling through the house. Yet another thing I had Terra to thank for.“Like I said, it’s the least I could do. Anna hasn’t been this happy in weeks. Not since our parents..." I couldn’t bring myself to continue, my voice stuck in my throat.“Did they?...”“They left to get supplies, but they never returned." I replied dryly.“Then there is a chance." she countered, “Have you thought of looking for them?”    I lowered my gaze to the ground, shaking my head.“No. Anna is all the family I have left. And I have to be strong. For her. I would have to bring her with me, and as you saw today, we would just freeze to death before we get anywhere. If only my body wasn’t so… feeble." I sighed in exasperation.“I’m sorry I… I wasn’t thinking." the minotaur replied with a pained expression as her tail violently swung around.“It’s fine, really. Thank you again for saving us, Terra. Maybe we can still get through this winter. In spring perhaps… I could...”“Of course you’re going to make it! You are strong, Maria. I have seen that. Maybe not in body, but in spirit. We mamono can see… and feel that. You two will be just fine, and I will be here to help you however I can. You gave me a home, Maria, at least for a while. It’s the least I can do.”    We both chuckled, as she threw her auburn hair back.“I saw some sacks of potatoes and turnips in the shed. You don’t have any meat here, do you?" she inquired with a raised eyebrow.“We had some dried jerky, but we ran out a while ago.”“Should I head out hunting tomorrow? I saw some game in the forest nearby. Maybe I can score something!" she said with a toothy smile.    Meat would be a welcome change of pace, but I wasn’t sure how she would even catch it.“I think we have a bow somewhere around here. Do you think you can work with that?”    Her smile only became wider as she replied.“I won't be needing that, Maria. I got that, after all.”    She pointed over next to the door, where my dad’s dull woodsman's axe leaned against the frame.“I don’t believe that old axe is a good hunt-" I stopped mid sentence, my mouth hanging open.    The old axe rested against a gargantuan slab of metal. A wickedly sharp, double-bladed axe that looked like it was heavier than I was."By the name of the Chief God!" I yelped, earning myself a stern look, and a finger covering my mouth."We don't want to wake up, Anna, remember? And please, don't use that name in front of me.""What do you mean? The Chief-""Maria, please. It brings up bad memories."    She rose from her stool and approached the metal behemoth. My eyes followed her, taking in her exposed back. Humans and monsters might lie, but scars do not.    I'd rather not pry any further.“I will go hunting tomorrow at sunrise. Is that okay for you?" she grinned, lifting the axe off the ground with a single hand and slinging it over her shoulder.    Her hug was so warm and gentle, yet she could swing that thing like a twig… Swallowing heavily, I nodded.“S-Sure! Do that. Let’s sleep for the night, though.”“Sounds like a plan. I’ll be sleeping in the living room if you don’t mind." she replied, taking a seat on the large armchair.    I paused for a moment, weighing my options.“That won’t do, Terra. Follow me." I said, slowly creeping up the stairs.    Intrigued, she picked up her old backpack and followed me. The pack had seen better days, haphazardly stitched together from different kinds of leather and patched more often than I could count. I couldn’t help but wonder how long she used this thing for.    I led her upstairs until we arrived at the open door of a large room opposite of mine.“You can sleep here, Terra. Nobodies using it anyway." I said, pointing to the vacant bed of my parents.“But… I can’t jus-”“Hush! Or you'll wake up Anna, remember? Now get in there and get some rest. Good night, Terra.”“G-Good night, Maria." she stuttered, stumbling into the room.    With a satisfied smile, I headed for my bedroom, where Anna laid sprawled out onto the mattress. Like in good old times.    I woke up to a familiar sound that made my blood run cold. Anna had shook me awake, sobbing and sniffling. I lifted her up into my arms, hugging her tightly.“What is it, sweetie? Had a bad dream?”    She was struggling in my grasp, still whimpering quietly.“Where… Where did the strong lady go?" she sniffed with her eyes shut in sorrow.    I ruffled her hair, giving her a gentle kiss on her cheek.“Don’t worry. Terra said that she wanted to get more food for us. She should be back soon~”    Her eyes widened, but other than I expected, her wailing just got worse.“But… But what if she doesn’t come back, Mary? Like… Like…" she cried pitifully.    It broke my heart, but there was nothing I could say to soothe her. I cooed into her ear, promising that everything would be okay, but I wasn’t sure. What if she left us alone again? What if… No she wouldn’t. She wasn’t like that, right? There is no way that she would…    My distress dimmed down, as I started to heared large footsteps, trudging through the snow.“I think she is back! How about we greet her, sweetie?”“R-Really? Please, Mary! I wanna see Terra again." she mewled.    I really hoped I was right, as I slowly pushed against the door. Cold wind swept into the living room, and within the sea of white I saw her.    Terra’s massive axe rested on her shoulder, her other hand holding a fowl. She had a satisfied grin on her face as she headed for the door.“See? Terra is right here, Anna! No need to cry.”    Seeing us standing in the doorway, Terra dropped everything, closing the distance in large steps.“Oh dear! What happened? Is she hurt?" she said with a worried expression, staring into Anna’s tear-filled eyes.“You’re b-back! I… I… thought you..." Anna sobbed, trying to reach Terra with her tiny arms.    Shocked, she quickly wrapped both of us in a hug and nuzzled her face into my little sister’s.“Don’t worry. I won’t be leaving you anytime soon~ Are you hungry? How about I prepare some meat, huh? Warm you two up?" she said, awkwardly scratching the back of her head.“That would be nice. Can I help you? I know that you are a good chef, but..." I trailed off, as she nodded.“I would appreciate it, Maria. What do you think, little Anna?”“You make tasty food!" she yipped, her sadness quickly fading.    I let out a sigh of relief as I lowered Anna back onto the ground.“I’m going to cut the meat. Would you get the kitchen ready, heat up the fireplace?”    I nodded in agreement, vanishing back into the kitchen.     I helped my mother in the kitchen many times, but I wasn’t quite sure what she wanted to make. I pulled up an assortment of pots, knives, and ladles to give her free reign before stoking the fire. I also pulled a sack of salt from the storage room, dragging the heavy thing across the ground.    Satisfied with my work, I heard Terra entering through the door. She held an already plucked fowl in one hand, and a sack of potatoes in the other. She effortlessly put down the sack, laying the meat onto the table.    I stared at the potatoes with disdain, frowning at it.“What is it, Maria? Had enough of potatoes already?" she joked while working on the meat.“Could you peel a couple for me? That would help quite a lot.”    I nodded at her, picking a couple of large potatoes before laying them down onto the table.“It’s not like I don’t like them, but how is this so easy for you? I can’t even lift this blasted thing!" I snorted, grabbing a knife from the counter, “I am weak… I always have been, unlike you.”“Nonsense! I told you before, and I’ll tell you again. You are pretty strong yourself." she said, gently putting my arm into her hand and inspecting it.    She slowly slid her hand all along my slender forearm, making me shiver a little.“You could use some workout, sure, but you pulled through for yourself and for Anna. Don’t believe that just because you can’t lift some damned potatoes, that you are worth less, okay?”    She turned back around and I just hummed in agreement, before we continued our chores.“Terra?”“Yes?”“Thank you.”    The meat sizzling softly, Terra reached for a little pouch on her hip and opened it. A pleasant aroma filled my nose, drawing my attention to it."What’s that?." I inquired, taking a small step towards her."It's important to know what you can and cannot eat out in the wilds. I dried a lot of the herbs I collected on my travels. Just seasoning with salt is a little underwhelming, don't you think?"    I remembered that my mother used to add fresh herbs to our food whenever they were in season."Here! Why won't you give it a try?"    She handed me the satchel, overflowing with fragrant flakes of different greens and browns."Just throw a pinch of it over the meat. It will work wonders, I tell you!" she beamed, placing her hands on my shoulders and turning me towards the table.    I wasn’t quite sure what she was planning, so I peered over my shoulder at her. She frowned at me, shaking her head in defeat.“Come on, Maria! I’m not going to poison you or something like that, you know?”    Reaching for the satchel, she dipped her finger into the mix before guiding it into her mouth. The corners of her mouth moved up in a contented smile as she savored the taste.“See? Perfectly safe~”    I just shrugged, sprinkling a pinch of the mixture onto the meat. The mouthwatering aroma of the dish only got stronger.“That smells good!" I proclaimed, much to her delight, “I can take over from here. Would you prepare the table?”    She nodded in agreement, leaving for the living room. As soon as she was out of sight I opened her satchel again, grinning as I added a dash more of the flavorful mix. Once you started…    The spices were a terrific idea. The juicy meat and the cooked potatoes melted in my mouth, overwhelming my senses with flavors I didn’t even know existed. Anna’s reaction wasn’t much different, happily munching on her portion."Shoo tashty!" she swooned with a full mouth."Mind your manners, young lady." Terra scolded before I got the opportunity.    Anna nodded meekly, continuing to quietly enjoy her food."If you don't mind me asking, what was in that mix, Terra? It tastes wonderful, and I would like to have more of it." I explained, making her smile from ear to ear."I'm happy you like it, Maria. Most of it are herbs that start growing in mid-winter and early spring. If you want, we could go gathering soon. What do you think?"    I took another bite out of the juicy fowl, thinking hard about her offer before nodding in agreement.    Terra was an imposing sight and her mere presence put me on edge, but seeing how she softly stroked Anna's hair made me feel somewhat at ease. I would have to get to know her better if we were going to share the same roof for the rest of the winter season."Sure." I said, shrugging, ”Maybe when it starts to thaw?""That would be wonderful. I really could use the help. Four eyes see more than two, after all!"    The massive minotaur leaned back against the wall, smiling at me. What would she need my help for? She would be fine on her own anyways.    After we finished our meal, Anna rounded the table, picking up the empty plates.“Thanks for the food, str- Terra. It was really tasty!”“Don’t thank me for it, sweetie~ Thank your sister." she said softly, pointing over to me as Anna’s eyes followed her finger.“You made that, Mary? It was soooo yummy! Thank you soooo much!”“I- I didn’t..." I started to respond, but Terra shushed me silently while giving me a playful wink.    My little sister headed for the kitchen, precariously balancing the plates on her tiny arms.“Terra, you didn’t have to do that, you know?" I said with a raised eyebrow as soon as Anna was out of earshot.“But it was the truth, Maria, was it not? I just brought the meat and put it in the pan, the rest was up to you!" she chuckled, “I have to say that adding some more spice was the right choice~”    Embarrassment crept into my face. Of course she would notice.“T-Thank you, Terra.”“Your welcome!”    The following days followed a similar rhythm. Terra headed out to hunt in the early hours every couple of days, returning with a couple of beavers and even a deer. When she wasn’t hunting, she would gather firewood as well as fixing and reinforcing the old walls of the house.    In the meantime, I worked on the furs and skins she brought home. I cleaned and prepared them, while Anna took care of smaller household chores. She is such a sweet girl, always trying so hard to help.    The first thing I started to work on was fashioning some thicker, sturdier belts out of the leather. Terra’s ‘wardrobe’, if you could even call it that, had seen better days and I really wanted to pay her back for saving our lives, if only little by little.    The next bit would be more of a challenge. I wasn’t sure where she got her backpack from, but it was in even worse shape. After a quick investigation, I reluctantly had to accept that it was beyond rescue. Her last catch provided more than enough material to sew a new one. It took me a couple of days, but I was pleased with the result as I looked for her.“Terra?" I inquired, following the loud clangs of my dad’s old hammer.She stopped working on the old boards in the storage room before turning to me.“Yes? Can I help you, Maria?”    I sheepishly handed her the broad strips of leather, much to her confusion.“I made these for you. You old one’s won’t hold much longer, and I’d rather that you remain modest in front of my sister.”“Oh my, thank you! These are so soft! I was never good at tanning and fine work. I think these will do really nicely." she beamed, while unclasping the belts crisscrossing her chest.    Thinking quickly, I spun around.“What did I tell you about modesty, Terra?" I croaked, my face burning a deep red.“I’m really sorry, Maria. I keep forgetting how sensitive humans can be to this stuff. It’s been quite a while since somebody made something for me, and I couldn’t wait to try them on!”    I heard her old clothes clatter to the ground and after a few moments, she cleared her throat.“They fit perfectly, thank you!" she proclaimed, and I had to agree.    At least, she wouldn’t be as… distracting now.“I also made you a new backpack, Terra. Your old one seemed to be… kind of irreparable.”    I lifted my work from the ground, presenting it to her…Off all the reactions I had expected, I never thought that it would bring this strong woman to tears. She sobbed quietly, engulfing me in a tight hug.“T-Thank you." she whispered, and just like that, her tears ran dry again.    She let me go, looking at the pack in my hands before letting her wet gaze wander to her old companion.“M-Maybe it is time to leave the p-past in the past." she slowly said, choking on her own words.    I feared that I might have offended her, and slight panic set in.“Did I do something wrong?”“No! No… That means a lot to me, Maria. Thank you. I don’t want to be rude, but I need some time for myself, okay? I’ll be heading outside for a bit.”“O-Okay" I replied, “Tell me if you need something.”    Her warm gaze fell back onto me, gratitude shining within it.“I will.”    Without another word, she set out into the darkness, both backpacks slung over her shoulder.    Since that day, I got more and more comfortable with her around. We often cooked together, sharing tips and tricks we each had learned. Her way of cooking was new and exotic to me, while she seemed to revel in the homeliness of my dishes.    Sometimes, she would visit me when I was weaving or tanning, silently watching me work. I often would repay in kind, watching her chopping firewood or preparing fresh game. Despite the fact that she was a monster, her presence alone was soothing and warm.    I often saw Anna in her arms, giggling as she told her stories. A sting of jealousy coursed through me whenever I saw them like that, but really… If Anna was happy, I was happy.    I even caught Anna creeping into her bed a couple of times, but despite the scolding I gave her, she kept at it and Terra didn’t seem to mind. She coddled my little sister softly, and I gave up on trying to change her mind as I saw her relax in Terra’s arms.“I’m bored. Don’t you two want to do something fun?" Terra said, gently stroking Anna’s hair.“I’m afraid there is not much to do, Terra. We can’t really go outside, and the snow makes even running dangerous." I replied, continuing to work on the large sheet of leather in my hands.She smiled at me, opening up her backpack.“Who said that you can’t have fun in the snow? You two are too stiff! Life is just as much about fun as it is about work. Otherwise, it would be pointless, don’t you think?”    She produced a thin spool of linen, and proceeded to cut it into 4 long stripes.“What are you planning, Terra? There isn’t much you can do with snow." I replied, locking my gaze back onto my work.“Come! Get yourself some warm cloaks, and I'll show you how wrong you are!" she laughed, before standing up and heading for the door.    Her tail started to swish in excitement, and I couldn’t help but wonder what she had planned.“Let’s go, Mary! We’re going to have fun!" Anna yelped, stumbling after her.    I sighed deeply, consigning myself to my fate, and followed them outside. The wind was calm, the snow almost reaching to my knee.“Give me your hands." Terra said with a surprisingly stern voice, “Can’t have you two getting frostbite.”    Interested in her plan, we both stretched out our arms. With quick movements, she wrapped the linen tightly around our fingers, the cold quickly giving way to a soothing warmth.“There! Now you are perfectly fine!" she giggled before burying her bare hands in the snow.   Pushing them together, she quickly made a small snowball and dropped it into Anna’s hands.“It… It’s not cold! That is sooo cool! And now?" she said excitedly, as Terra took a couple of steps back.“Throw it at me." she said with a smile.“Wha-?”“It will be fine, throw it at me!" she demanded.    Anna obliged, and the orb of white sailed through the air. With a wet thud it hit her furred body, scattering snow everywhere. Anna giggled at the display until Terra put her hand back down into the snow. She formed a tiny ball between her fingers and smiled at my little sister.“Now it’s your turn~" she giggled, slowly drawing closer.“Oh nooooo!" Anna screamed, running away from her with an adorable giggle.    The small ball hit her thick leather cloak, leaving a small white mark on it.“I got you! How about you show your sister how it’s done?" she suggested, grinning at me.Oh no.    Anna plunged her hand into the snow, gathered up a handful of snow, and threw it into my direction. It just scattered into a cloud of snowflakes, leaving a disappointed Anna behind.“No, sweetie. You need to-”    Despite my scepticism, it was actually really fun. Our excursion outside quickly devolved into a “snowball fight” as Terra had called it. Laughter echoed through the endless white around us, and Terra began building walls out of the thick snow to hide behind.    I often had to pause in between to catch my breath, but Anna’s and Terra’s joy was so addicting that I soon came back into the fray. I took careful and measured steps on the frozen soil, but I still was hit by a stroke of bad luck. Trying to avoid a tiny snowball from Anna, I slipped on the icy floor.“Watch out!" Terra shouted as I slumped over.    Her warm hands held my tightly, saving me from an unfortunate accident. Full of concern, she looked into my eyes.“Are you alright? That was close." she huffed, pulling me back onto my feet with a comforting hug.“Thank you, Terra. You saved me more times than I can count by now." I said, still in her embrace.    With a quiet thud, a small snowball hit my shoulder, showering both of us in snow.“I got you!" Anna squealed, making me grin mischievously as I buried my hands deep in the cold white.    Snow covered our brown cloaks and our arms grew heavy as Terra got another idea. She made a large snowball and dropped it onto the ground. With both hands, she rolled it through the soft snow as it grew bigger and bigger. Soon, a large orb rested next to the door. She asked us to do the same, with me producing a medium and Anna a small snowball.    Effortlessly, she grabbed our works in her hands, stacking them on top of each other.Satisfied with the sculpture, she grabbed a turnip from the storage room, and a couple of stones from the ground. Carefully, she plugged them into the smallest ball until they formed a happy smile with a long pointy nose.    Anna squealed, looking up at it.“It’s a snow… man!" she giggled, raising her hands into the sky, “It’s missing something though!”    She ran over to the edge of the forest, picking up a couple of sticks under our watchful eyes. When she returned, she plugged them into the snowman’s head forming two horns.“It’s Terra!" she proclaimed with a smile, drawing laughter from both of us.“That was fun, wasn’t it? How about we head back inside before it gets dark?”    Anna and I both nodded at Terra, and we headed back into the warm comfort of our home.    The gentle heat radiating from the fireplace felt so much better after staying out in the cold for so long, and we gathered around it to warm ourselves up. Anna’s head rested in my lap as we just stared into the open flame, only the occasional crackling of the firewood breaking the silence. It felt so… serene that I could have fallen asleep right there, but Anna rose from my lap again. She ran over to the shelf in the corner, and returned with a large, leatherbound book.“T-Terra? Could you read me a story?" she asked with a pleading expression.    As I saw the book, I flinched a little. Dad first told me this story when I was six, and Anna is old enough to hear it too. The cover read, “The Dragon Knight" and upon seeing it, Terra eagerly accepted.“Okay sweetie~ But I will need a little time first." she cooed, burying her head in the book.    She quickly skimmed through the pages to prepare. I was certain that I heard her scowling at it a couple of times.“Alright. Once upon a time, there was a young knight. He was sworn to protect his princess and loved her with all of his heart. However, one day disaster struck the palace. The princess was nowhere to be found! Where could she have gone? Everything pointed towards her being taken away from the kingdom. The knight followed every clue he could, leaving the palace in search of the fair princess. His chances were slim, but he had to persevere. Just as he was about to give up hope, he met a kind hearted woman in the depths of the forest. A beautiful dragon that offered him aid in searching for his princess.”    I cocked my head in confusion. That was not how the story was written. “The Dragon Knight” was a cautionary tale about a boy fighting through hordes of wicked monsters to rescue his princess that had been kidnapped by a dragon. In the end, both the knight, and the princess succumbed to the dragon’s power, never to be heard from again.    The version that Terra told was softer and more peaceful. The knight, in search of his princess, met many mamono on his travels and helped them in their time of need. Together with the dragon, that was supposed to be the villain of the story, the knight went on a fantastical adventure to save his dearest princess.    When the story grew close to its end, the dragoness revealed herself to be the princess. Over their travels, they fell in love and now they would rule together as king and queen. It was the better story by far, but I was seriously confused by the radical changes she added.    As Terra reached the stories end, Anna was already soundly asleep, quietly snoring in my lap.“T-That was wonderful, Terra, but if I may ask, why did you change the story so much?”    She sighed deeply, putting the book away.“Because it isn’t a fable, Maria. This knight existed, and he was one of our kingdom’s most noble rulers. The story I just told was what really happened. It makes me sad to hear that this beautiful story was so cruelly twisted..." she said with a grimace. “It was a story about friendship and love, not murder and sorrow.”    Terra looked terribly depressed by this, but I couldn’t really say anything about it. Either story could be true or both could be wrong for all I knew. For what it’s worth, Terra’s story was definitely the better one.“Let us head to bed. You must be tired too." Terra yawned, slowly standing up to not wake Anna.    I held Anna in my arms, gently lifting her in a princess carry and heading for our bed. Today was really exhausting, yet she felt so light in my arms.    The worst of the winter seemed to be behind us, and there was not much to do until the soil thawed. The coming spring breathed new life into the wilderness, and dots of greens and browns sprouted through the receding snow. Just what Terra was waiting for."I really want to explore the area around here, maybe collect some herbs. Do you want to accompany me out there, Maria?"    I never was really interested in anything outside the farm, content with my life here. Maybe Terra's way of seeing things could change that? I nodded quietly, and she beamed because of it.“Can I come with you?!" Anna chirped, making me feel somewhat uncomfortable.    I didn’t want to disappoint her, but-“It’s too dangerous, sweetie~ I am sorry, but I believe you should stay.”    Terra’s consideration was much appreciated, although Anna didn’t seem to take it too well.“B-But, Terra! I wanna go on adventures like you did! I wanna climb mountains! And… and… become as cool as you or Mary!" she yipped, forcing a blush into my face.“You think I’m cool?" we both said in unison, myself in confusion and Terra in excitement.    My little sister giggled, throwing her hands in the air.“Of course you are! You are both so strong! And kind! And… and… you can both cook really good! I just wanna be useful too..." she whined, crossing her hands in front of her chest.    Terra smiled, ruffling her hair."Don't be like that sweetie~ You give us the energy to do these things! Neither Maria, nor I would be anything without you." she cooed, making Anna shine in happiness."R-Really? Yaaaay! But… but I still wanna go! I'm worried about Mary!"Ouch, that hurt.    Terra gave me an apologetic smile, before leaning in closer and whispering into my ear."We can just go on a little walk. We can avoid the forest and make her feel adventurous. What do you think?""Good idea." I replied quietly, trying my best to not let Anna hear anything about it, "Maybe we can go again later.""Okay, but you have to stay close to us, okay?"    Anna grinned from ear to ear, kicking her arms and legs in triumph. Seemed like we were going on a stroll.    The sheer cold flowing down from the mountains had lessened somewhat, so we didn’t have to dress too heavily. With the help of our thick coats and Terra’s warm fur, we were perfectly safe from the chilly temperatures as we trekked across the endless plains and hills south of our home.    Keeping Anna in sight, we climbed the nearest hill. My legs quickly began to sting, making me silently curse at how unathletic I was. Terra saw my troubles though, and waited for me to catch up. How she could be so patient was beyond me, but soon we had caught up to Anna, who was taking in the vista.    The sight of the curved hills, trees dotted along the landscape and the small creek flowing through it all was an awe inspiring sight. Anna was taking in the quickly sprouting greenery, mouth agape. She dashed over to a nearby, towering plant that sported long, wide leaves.“What is that?" she shouted, looking over at Terra.“That is called shadeleaf, sweetie. Nothing special, but it makes for a very tasty tea that helps against the summer heat." she mused, watching Anna follow the huge leaves with her fingers.“Do you spot anything poisonous, Terra? I want to make sure that my sister is safe." I inquired, looking up to her as she scratched her chin.“Nothing so far. A lot of interesting plants for sure, but nothing to be worried about. I’ll keep my eyes peeled, though. Don’t worry. I always do.”    I let out a sigh of relief, approaching the plant. Tea, huh? I pulled a little knife from my belt and carefully gathered up a handful of leaves, binding them together with some sewing yarn.    Terra looked at me working, a smirk on her face.“I think you are going to like it. It has a mild fragrance and tastes wonderful! The smaller leaves have a more intense flavour, but the large ones help you cool down more." she chuckled, as I put the bundle into my bag.    Terra had an understanding of the local plantlife, showing us what every single one was capable of. I remembered uprooting dozens of them on the field year after year, and I never knew what they could have helped with.    Terra collected mostly medicinal herbs. Some increased blood clotting. Others helped with digestion or sleep, and one apparently worked wonders when stricken with a fever.    We soon arrived at a large patch of moss, little green bulbs sticking out all around it.“This is Firemoss. It both works in treating burns, and it’s also partly what we spiced our food with. What do you think, Anna? Want to collect some?" the minotaur chimed, earning herself an excited yip from my little sister.    After a short instruction she began gathering the firemoss, giving us a couple of moments rest before she found the next interesting thing.“Maria? Do you have a moment? I got something important to tell you." she said with a slight blush on her face.    Concerned, I stepped over to her, tilting my head upwards to better understand her.“I’m all ears, Terra. What is it?”    She scraped her heavy hooves along the ground, trying to avoid my gaze.“I have a little suggestion to make, but I’m not sure if you-”“Come on, spit it out!" I said with a wink, “Anna is only busy for so long.”“R-Right. You know, the last few hunts weren’t that good. Most of the game is leaving after the winter, and we might be running low on meat for a while.”“That is unfortunate, but I think we can deal with a couple of days without meat. We did well enough before." I said, putting my hands on my hip.    Terra shook her head with vigor.“Look at you, Maria. When I found you, you could barely even lift an axe. You both were horribly malnourished and now you look so much more lively. You can’t live off potatoes alone, you know? I got a suggestion, but...”    I nodded, understanding her point of view. I couldn’t put Anna or myself through that again.“What is it, Terra? It can’t be that bad." I inquired with a smile.“M-Milk...”“Pardon?”She looked to the side, her face burning crimson.“I-I’m a minotaur, alright? I g-give milk." she stuttered, her embarrassment soon spreading to me.“Why would you do that for us, Terra? I-Isn’t that… painful?”“N-No! Quite the opposite, but… Milk is very rich in nutrients, and it would get you over these few weeks… I mean… If you-”“Sure. Why not..?" I said, taking her by surprise.“Are you sure? I mean… it is mine and-”“I don’t want my little sister to be concerned about me like this morning, Terra. If that is what it takes to protect her, then I gladly accept it… Just please… don’t tell Anna where it came from.”“O-Okay." she stuttered, just in time for Anna to finish her gathering.“I got everything!" she stated proudly, showing us a pouch full of little green bulbs.“Perfect, sweetie! We’re going to have a feast tonight~" Terra cooed, her blush quickly fading.    Mine was still far from it.    Just like she promised, we were in for a feast. The firemoss gave the meat such a crisp and spicy taste, that we couldn’t get enough of it. Soon, our mouths were burning, screaming for something to quench the fire.    Terra came from the kitchen, beet red and holding two cups of warm milk.“Here, t-this should help" she said, quickly sitting back down.“Where did that come from?" Anna inquired with a raised eyebrow.“It… It’s tea she made! It helps against the heat, remember?”“Oh yeah! Thank you, Terra!" Anna yipped, downing the entire cup of milk in one go.“This is super tasty! I feel like I drank it before… Did mommy make this tea before, Mary?”“I d-don’t think so, Anna. Maybe we drank something similar" I replied, staring at the white liquid in the cup.    I tightened my grip, lifting it to my mouth. The warm, creamy drink flowed down my throat, overwhelming me with a weird sense of nostalgia. As the last drop trickled down between my lips, I was a little disappointed that it was already out.“How do you like the t-tea." Terra stuttered, looking nervously at me.“It tastes wonderful, Terra, and I think Anna likes it too.”“Yep!”    Terra breathed out heavily, her chest noticeably deflating from letting out the breath she had been holding.“Good. I think I will be making it every day from now on. What do you think?”    We both nodded in unison, the lingering sensation of her milk still on my tongue.    Suddenly, a story that my dad told me rushed back into my memory and a wave of panic washed through my body. I jumped up, heading for the kitchen.“Terra! I need you really quick!" I yelled back, my mind racing.“What is it? Anna is-”“Does your milk transform humans?”“What? I don’t-”“My father told me that mamono can turn people into their own. Please, don’t lie to me.”    She stared at me, taking a moment for it to click.“No! No. Some mamono can do that, but minotaur milk isn’t strong enough. It shouldn’t really have an effect on you or Anna. Only holstaurs can do that… Oh god, I’m so sorry! I thought you knew! I’m so sorry, I...”“It’s fine, Terra. I knew you wouldn’t do that… I was just...”“You were scared… I am really sorry, Maria. If you want to, we can stop this and-”“No. I… I really liked it, okay? Y-Your milk tastes wonderful, and if it helps us, then...”    She gave me a gentle hug, petting me on my back. Her soothing presence calmed my racing heart, until I realized what I just accused her of.“I’m sorry, Terra. I didn’t mean to… You wouldn't do something like that!”    She shushed me, patting my head reassuringly.“I am not angry, okay? Thank you for trusting in me.”    She did so much for us, and I had just been such an insufferable bitch to her. I couldn’t help but be disgusted with myself, quietly sobbing in her embrace.    Sudden footsteps tore me out of my sulking, as Anna wrapped her little arms around both of us.“Don’t cry, Mary!”    Giggling, I gave her a tearfilled kiss on the cheek.“Thank you, Anna. Thank you.”    I laid in bed, my mind in too much chaos to sleep. Anna clutched me tightly, murmuring incoherently in her sleep.   I had to confess that I grew used to Terra's presence in the house. Her positive attitude and motherly care really was what Anna… and I needed.    She was such a nice and pretty woman, and yet my prejudice got the better of me. I really hoped that I hadn't offended her too much. Once again, I was shown how little I knew about her.    Would she even want to go exploring with me? Would she have fun? Why did I care about this so much? So many questions roiled inside my head, keeping me awake.    Sighing deeply, I nuzzled into my sleeping sister. I would have to think about that tomorrow. Maybe everything would look better then.    It didn't. Waking up early, I crept out of the bed, leaving Anna to dream about the grand adventure we had yesterday.    I looked around for Terra, my heart growing heavier with every moment. Had I driven her off? Would we be alone again?    It was all my fault. If only I hadn't…The sound of leather slipping over fur reached my ear, and I immediately perked up.    Terra stepped into the living room, a large bucket in her hands."Good morning, Maria! How did you sleep?" she asked with a genuine smile."W-Where have you been?"    I could've beat myself up for being even more rude, but I still patiently waited for an answer."Our water was running low, so I headed for the creek to collect some!... Is something the matter, Maria? You look like you'd seen a ghost. Trust me, there are none around here." she chuckled."It's nothing. I just…""Thought I'd leave? You must do something much worse to make me angry, dear. I will stay with you two, until... you no longer need me." she said, a sullen tone in her voice.    Her chipper tone quickly returned however, dropping off the water in the kitchen."What do you think? Should we head out for an adventure today again? Anna will likely be knocked out for hours!" she chided with a wide smile."I am not! And I want Mary to be safe!"    Anna stood in the doorway, her tiny hands on her hip like a tiny version of mom. It still hurt to hear that, but I was happy she was concerned for me."Anna. Look at her." I said, pointing over to Terra, her ears raising just a bit."Terra is with me, Anna. She’s too strong and smart to let anything bad happen to me" I said with a smile.    I was relieved to hear Terra inviting me again, and I wanted to speak with her in private for a while. The plan was to play up Terra's strengths to make Anna feel at ease. I mostly succeeded, but I left Terra beet red in the process."I guess you're right, Mary. Watch out for my sister, okay?" she said to Terra with the sternest look she could muster.    We both looked at each other, embarrassment welling up within me, until Terra nodded."I will! Stay safe inside, okay? We’ll be back soon."    My little sister just grinned at me."I'm still tired! I'm going back to bed. Have fun, you two!" she chirped, racing back up the stairs.    Terra and I quickly got ready to leave, not having a single word to say. This was getting increasingly awkward.    We stayed silent until we reached the edge of the forest until I saw that Terra had a goofy smile on her face.“What’s so funny, Terra?" I inquired, slightly agitated.“You think I’m smart~" she cooed, taking the lead by breaching the treeline.“Hey! Wait for me!" I followed up, “I just wanted to calm down Anna… You must be smart to survive like this, right?”    A hint of sadness hid just behind her eyes as she looked over her shoulder.“You are the first to say that since I left my home." she muttered, “Everyone always thinks I’m just muscle and no brain, you know?”    I carefully put my hand on her back, judging her reaction.“You have muscle, brain, soft fur, and a big heart to top it off. Everyone who thinks otherwise either doesn’t know you or is as dense as I am. I see that now.”    Her gaze glimmered with wordless gratitude as she hummed softly at my compliment.“You’re not dense, Maria, just cautious. Nothing to be ashamed about. You never met mamono before, and the stuff that your parents told you about us can’t be good." she said.“Tell me!”“Huh?”“Tell me about mamono then. I’ve been a horrible host so far, and I would rather fix that sooner than later." I proclaimed.   Terra agreed, telling me about her homeland. She told me about monsters… mamono and how they lived. She told me about their customs, their food, their families, everything.    Apparently, for a mamono, family was everything and seeing how she was on her own made me feel deepest sympathy for her. Although she wouldn’t talk about it, she was just like us. The most difficult thing to come to terms with was their relationships. Once they find a partner, they love hard, fast, and forever. Some of her descriptions made me appreciate how modestly she was clothed for her kind.    Her stories were in stark contrast to what I learned since I was little. They were supposed to be cruel, evil demons that lulled humans into their embrace to claim their soul, nothing of which I could see in Terra.“Don’t get me wrong. There are mamono that take your soul!" she laughed, “But you need to agree to it, and it is one of the sweetest things a monster can take from her husband.”    She talked so openly about all of it, that I felt so stupid to not have asked sooner.“What about you, Terra? Have you met someone on your travels that struck your fancy?" I said with a smile, my apprehensions fading bit by bit.“Do you really believe I would have continued travelling alone?" she laughed, “No. I think if I had, I would have settled down already.”    The answer was so painfully obvious that I had to hold my head in shame.“You see that over there?" she said suddenly, pointing to a large clearing.    Plants grew wild and free in its center despite the still lingering cold, surrounded by a large, light brown bulb.“I don’t think she would mind if we collect a few of these herbs. I see a couple of rare ingredients here.”“Who?”    Terra let out a hearty laugh, nodding towards the huge bulb.“That’s an alraune, Maria. She must be hibernating, but she likely will wake soon. It’s good to have them so close by. They bring good harvests.”    Entranced, I stared at the humongous plant. It was quite different to the thorny quagmire I was told about. Instead, the sight was serene and beautiful.“Are you sure? Wouldn’t she be mad if we stole her plants?”“Their hobby is to share. I don’t think she would mourn their loss." she said with vigor, carefully stepping into the grove.    We collected many leaves and roots from this wondrous place, the childlike wonder on Terra’s face making me smile. She must really be having fun with this. I however, got the feeling that something was wrong. Something was watching me… us. But I couldn’t make it out.“We should get going, Terra. Something is terribly wrong." I muttered, shaking her shoulder.    She looked a little disappointed but complied. Leaving the grove behind, I still felt someone’s, or something’s attention on me. My hair stood on end, and I cautiously looked for any danger as Terra stopped here and there to pick another useful herb out of the sodden ground.    Was I becoming paranoid? No. My body shook in a sudden chill as I saw them through the foliage. Two red, beady eyes peered at Terra in the darkness as if ready to…“Terra!" I screamed, trying frantically to get her attention.“What is it?" she said, slowly turning around with a large onion in her hand.    We were almost out of time, the eyes closing in so fast that I didn’t have the time to explain. I leaped forward, tackling Terra with all I could muster. She tumbled backwards, holding onto me in shock as she fell to the ground.    Seconds later, a giant boar charged through the underbrush to where she was standing just a moment ago, wickedly sharp tusks ready to gore anything that came into its path. Chief God preserve us. It was almost as big as me!    Eyes wide, she jumped to her hooves, taking me effortlessly with her as she charged through the woods with breakneck speed. The lumbering beast quickly caught up, and she had to weave through the trees to not be skewered by it.“Of all the times to forget my gods forsaken axe!" she cursed, rounding around a large tree.    Without a word, she let me down to the ground, turning around to face the boar head on. With a throaty growl, she readied her stance as the colossal animal rounded the corner after us.    With a loud scream, she surprised the beast, grabbing it by the tusks. It roared and thrashed in her grip, tearing into her arms, but Terra held firm. I could see her bicep muscles bulging, her fingers almost chipping the heavy tusks. Slowly, bit by bit, she overpowered it, before finally lifting the boar off its feet and slamming it back to the ground with a sickening crunch.    Paralyzed in fear and awe of the gruesome spectacle. Blood dripped down her furred forearms, staining them a deep red. I knew she was strong, but this…    Breathing heavily, she sank to her knees next to the dead boar, her head held low. Shaking myself out of my stupor, I quickly leapt to her backpack, frantically searching for the linen.“Are you okay, Terra!? Just a moment!" I huffed, ripping the cool fabric apart and wrapping it tightly around her arms. The white cloth stained quickly, but at least it would stop the bleeding for a while.    She was breathing heavily, trying to regain her bearings as she turned to me.“Y-You saved my life! I… I think we're even now." she said with a weak smile, trying to push herself off the ground.“Stop! You must rest, Terra. Those wounds could be serious.”    She pulled out a little satchel of freshly collected herbs, searching for a couple of dark green leaves with jagged edges. She crushed and rubbed it with her fingers.“C-Could you open the bandages again?" she said, drawing in breath between her teeth.    I carefully unwound the fabric of the fresh wound and she quickly applied the paste in her fingers to the open wounds. The linen was entirely ruined already, prompting me to put on a fresh bandage.“I… I think we should head home now." she huffed heavily, “We got a feast before us!”    I looked at her in disbelief, flabbergasted and terrified at her raw strength. She grit her teeth, gripped the boar by its tusk and pulled.“You can’t be serious, Terra. Let it be!" I shouted, as she leaned down and stubbornly dragged the massive carcass behind her.“Why are you doing this? Stop! You are only going to hurt yourself more!”    She groaned, pulling the boar a couple more feet.“It’s… so much meat… you wouldn’t… need to..." she huffed in pain, and I was mortified.    I was more angry than I was scared, walking around her until I blocked her path. She looked past me, a meek smile on her face.“You… two don’t need-”    With all my courage, I stepped forward, grabbing her firmly by the horns and forcing her gaze on mine.“Listen to me!" I hissed between gritted teeth, “I’d rather drink your milk for the rest of my life than see you hurt yourself like this! It. Is. Not. Worth. It. Okay!?”    Tears welled up in her eyes, her voice choked.“R...Really? You… you would...”    I put my forehead to hers, staring deep into her eyes.“You are important to Anna, to me, to both of us, Terra. Chief God damn me if I ever allowed you to hurt yourself. Anna would never forgive me either. I won’t allow this. Do you understand?”    We just stared at each other for minutes until Terra finally let go of the tusk.“Finally! We don’t have the tools to butcher the meat, but..." I said with a grin, pulling my old skinning knife from my belt.    Giving Terra time to recover, I carefully removed the soft pelt from the huge animal, already planning what I would use it for. The injured minotaur just silently watched me work until I packed away the bloody bundle.“Are you ready to go home, Terra?" I asked carefully, keeping my eyes on the heavy bandages covering her arms.    They seemed to be working, for now.“Just one moment." she said with determination.    Heading over to the boar, she brought her hoof down, liberating the sharp tusks from its head. “These are ours." she proclaimed, proud of her trophy.    Humming in agreement, I took her hand as we set out to return home.    Not too long after our return, our breakfast was cooking over the open fire.I looked at Terra and decided that I needed to do something now before Anna woke up.“Let’s head to the bathroom, Terra. We need to clean you up.”    She looked at me in disbelief, her eyes wide.“But… I-”“No buts! Look at you. What would Anna think?”    Her arms, all the way up to the shoulder, were caked in blood. The wounds had closed up incredibly quickly, another boon of her monstrous form.“Come on, Terra.”    After a couple more tries, she relented, and I followed her with a bucket full of warm water shortly after. Entering the small room, my breath got stuck in my throat. Terra was sitting on a stool, having rid herself of the leather straps that kept her chest in place.    I knew that her… assets were impressive, but I just couldn’t draw my eyes away from them. Her tantalizingly curved body, my own shortcomings quite apparent, made me both blush with embarrassment and fume in jealousy.    She smiled nonchalantly at me, her head cocking to the side. Her gentle gaze and softly heaving chest were in stark contrast to her grimy, bloodsoaked arms."Is there a problem, Maria? You told me to come here, no?"    I gasped like a fish out of water, trying frantically to find the right words to wrap the turmoil in my head into. How could she be so… shameless? Clueless? Seductive?    Terra's eyes wandered down her chest before gasping loudly in realization."I'm so sorry! I forgot again!" she yelped, trying to cover herself up."No! Don't… I mean… you'll get blood everywhere. Ju-Just stay like this, okay? I'll wash you off."    Pulling the warm and drenched cloth out of the bucket, I approached her from behind.I clenched my teeth, resting my hand on her shoulder. It was just a quick wash like I did with both Mom and Anna dozens of times, so why was this so hard?    The cloth brushed across her skin, leaving it only slightly tinged. I began rubbing it up and down, trying to thoroughly but gently scrub her arm clean.    The cloth quickly stained a deep crimson as I swept it across her taut skin, well defined muscles just beneath it. I felt dozens of scars criss crossing her arm, some of them way too straight and clean to be from an animal."Terra? Were you a soldier? Your skin tells quite the story.""Those? They're just some bruises I got from a skirmish a couple of years ago. Bandits can get pretty nasty. But to answer your question, no. If I can avoid it, I prefer not to fight." she said with a solemn tone.    Her entire body was tense, making it quite obvious that this was a delicate topic for her.“You don’t have to tell me, but I can feel that that’s not the whole story, Terra." I said while brushing along these cruel scars.“Order soldiers attacked our village when I was little. The only things left were my old backpack, my mother’s axe, and charred wood." she said, pure desperation in her voice.    I choked as a breath was caught in my throat, trying to reign in the sorrow that was assaulting my own heart. I had been right. I only heard stories about the Great Order of the Chief God, but all of them were full of glory and winning against all odds. Hearing about her people, hearing the true story of the Dragon Knight… those stories had been lies too.    I gently squeezed her shoulders, whispering quietly.“I can’t speak for her, Terra, but I think your mother would have been proud of the woman her daughter became. I can’t undo what they did, but know that I am deeply sorry.”    She locked up, tears flowing down her rosy cheeks as she sobbed for just a moment.“Thank you, Maria, but you don’t need to. You are not to blame for it." she said, leaning her head back slightly into me.    A wonderful scent wafted from her hair, maybe lavender. She lived out in the wilds for such a long time, so how could she stay this… pretty? I carried on by washing her forearm, forcing a giggle out of her throat. She was ticklish huh? Anna would love to hear that.   Finally, I reached her slender fingers. Despite her enormous strength, they were fine and delicate, gently slipping through the cloth. I jumped in surprise as her ears began to flick and a throaty moo escaped her lips.    The minotaur held her other hand in front of her mouth in embarrassment, turning away."I-I'm sorry… that was unsightly, wasn't it? I lost myself a little. It's been a while since I had the chance to relax…" she yawned, her eyes somewhat heavy and ears settling back down into her smooth hair.    I just nodded with a meek smile, unsure of what to say. Thoroughly rinsing the washcloth, I continued with her right shoulder, almost a mirror image of her left. I felt her muscles slowly slacken and with a contented smile, I started to softly hum.    I was completely absorbed in my work, not even noticing that she had leaned her head all the way back.“Where do you know that song from?" she asked, with genuine confusion.    I didn’t even notice what I was humming until my mind caught up with my tongue.“I-I heard you singing it to Anna, and I t-thought you might like..." I stuttered weakly.    Why did I hum that? I had no real reason other than that it felt like it fit at that moment.“It’s a lullaby my mother used to sing to me when I was scared… I never thought I would hear someone else sing it for me again. Thank you." she whispered with a happy smile, a tiny tear escaping her closed eyes.    Brooding over the weight of her words, I continued to clean her right arm, leaving it as spotless as her left. ‘She was such a kind soul’, I thought, as I moved to her muscular back. ‘Why would she have to trudge through the night, all on her own? She deserves a happier life, just like-’“Uhhh… Maria? I think I-I can do the rest myself, t-thank you”    Horrified, I realized that I had moved around her body without thinking, holding the washcloth just against her taut belly.“I’m… I’m sorry! I wasn’t thinking! Of course, here you go! I’ll finish up the food, ok? See you soon." I panicked, rushing out of the room.    What was wrong with me? My face still burning in embarrassment, I seasoned our meal with some salt and a couple of fresh herbs. Something about her caught me off guard, but I couldn’t put my hand on what. I headed up to my parents bedroom and looked around, rifling through their drawers for a large towel. Satisfied with my find, I returned downstairs.    Terra was still washing herself, her back wisely turned towards the door. Tiptoeing over, I threw the fluffy towel around her shoulder, drawing out a startled yelp from her.“Maria!”    I chuckled, leaving the room with a grin.“Can’t have you catching a cold, Terra! Breakfast is almost ready~”    I needed to pay her back for all her favors, but there are only a few things I could do for her. With determination, I headed for my little workshop in search of my measurement strings.“Good morning, Mary." Anna said with a big yawn, standing in the door.Measurement tools in hand, I turned to my little sister with a smile.“Good morning! I made us some vegetable soup for breakfast. Terra is still in the bathroom. Would you mind preparing the table for me?”“Okay! Leave it to me." she said, energetically charging down the stairs as I followed her down to the kitchen.    I finished up our breakfast as Anna prepared the cutlery in the living room. I could hear her yipping at Terra’s arrival as I carried the cooking pot towards the, most likely hungry, pair.    Carefully, I put down the pot, before circling around Terra and swallowing at the sight of her large… horns. She still had this intimidating look to her, but the warm gleam in her eyes betrayed the more timid soul within.“Can I help you, Maria? What is that?”    I held the measurement string aloft.“You need some clothes, Terra. Let me get your sizes, so I can make you something that can keep you nice and cozy!”    Her eyes widened at the offer, shaking her head.“No no. It’s fine… My fur is more than-”“Nonsense! Those flimsy leather straps won’t hold forever, you know? And I would appreciate some more modesty in front of my sister!" I interrupted her sternly, making her flinch a little.“S-Sure… Thank you. I just didn’t think that...”“Terra. You saved our lives. This is the least I can do. I’ll be measuring you after breakfast in your room, okay?”    Anna’s giggling drew our attention as she smiled over to us.“What’s so funny, Anna?" I inquired with my head cocked to the side.“You… just sound like mom and dad!" she yelped, a happy tear in her eye.“O-Oh dear!" Terra said with a slightly flushed face, holding open her arms to engulf my little sister in a tight hug.    Terra hooked her arm around me too, gathering me up in her warm embrace as we enjoyed this moment of closeness together.    She was still wrapped tightly in the towel I had given her when I met her upstairs. Her face was still slightly flushed when she sat down on the bed.“You really don’t need to do this, Maria. I am perfectly fine with-”“Don’t tell me you would have been as badly injured if you had worn bracers, Terra. You might not think that you need it, but I am sure that you do. The last thing I want is for us to lose you because of your own stubbornness. Now, would you take off the towel so I can take some proper measurements? I want it to fit you after a-all.”    My voice began to falter as she dropped her cover. With her bountiful chest and rounded curves fully exposed, I swallowed heavily. Her well defined muscles just under her bosom were rigid and imposing, underlining the sheer strength hiding just behind her mesmerizing beauty.“What?" she asked with a shrewd smile. “You wanted me to take it off, right?”    Realizing that I’ve been staring, I tore my gaze away and took a few quick steps behind her.“O-Of course! Now, let m-me see." I stuttered, wrapping the thin string around her chest.    Terra looked at me with a smug smile, shaking her head slightly. I marked her size on the string, comparing it to the rest of our family. Mother wasn’t even close to this, forcing my mind to work out how to accommodate her.    I slid the string down her belly, her taut skin brushing against my fingers. Blushing at the involuntary skinship, I continued further along her hips.    Her measurements taken, I placed my hand on her shoulder.“Please stay home for the next few days, okay? At least until the wounds are fully closed." I said calmly into her ear before leaving for my workshop.“I- I will..." Terra said, her face hanging low, “Thanks for your kindness, Maria.”“You don’t have to thank me for that, Terra. Just get well soon.”    The next few days were quite uneventful, but a faint anticipation hung in the air. Anna’s birthday was coming up, and both Terra and I had a lot of plans for her big day.    Taking my words to heart, Terra only approached the edges of the forest, gathering firewood to lay out a large pyre outside. Meanwhile, I spend most of my time in my workshop. Stitch for stitch, the Boar’s pelt took shape into something more manageable. I slept little, focussing most of my energy into my work.    With some beaver fur, I created some nice and cozy boots for Anna as well as some thick gloves for when the cold inevitably returned. Thinking about what to make her as a present, an idea flashed through my mind. With a soft giggle, I began to work...    A slight chill shook my body, remembering me of the frosty season we had just left behind. Would Terra still be there when the next winter rolled around? I would surely repay my debt to her, but something within me was terrified at the prospect of her leaving us.    I wasn’t sure if Anna would take her departure too well, and I didn’t think I would either. Finishing up my sisters present, a wonderful aroma wafted into my nose. My interest and hunger sparked. I followed the sweet smell back into the kitchen.    Terra was hard at work, stirring a thick, white concoction in a shallow pan.“That smells wonderful, Terra. What are you doing?" I inquired, my gaze falling onto the oven.“I’m baking a birthday cake for Anna! I think she'll enjoy it.”“Cake?”    Her smile turned into a mixture of surprise and disappointment.“You have never had cake before? Luckily, I’m almost finished with the frosting." she said, letting the pan rest before opening the oven.    The sweet smell assaulted my nose as I spotted this “cake” within. It looked like a loaf of bread, but had a somewhat softer texture to it. Whistling happily, Terra took the pan and let it’s contents drip onto the freshly baked goods.“That smell… What is in this “cake" Terra?”“Wheat, sugar, some eggs… Milk." she said, turning her head away.“Where did you get the eggs from, Terra? Have you been in the forest again?" I scowled at her, giving her a jab in the side.“Just at the edges! Besides… I was thinking that...”“I wouldn’t like that you used your milk in it? Goodness, Terra. I don’t care one bit, and neither should you. If it’s tasty, then I won't complain.”    She looked back at me, smiling.Carefully, she placed a couple of bright red berries onto it, forming a heart.“There! Perfect~" she chimed.“Where did you get all of this, Terra?" I growled, angry at her apparent refusal to do what I asked her to do.    She scratched her head with an awkward glance.“You remember that alraune we saw in the forest?”“Yeeees?" I groaned, tapping my foot onto the wooden floor.“She woke up yesterday, and we had a little chat. She helped me to find most of what I needed, and quickly grew the rest. Nothing in this forest would even dare approach her. It was totally safe, I swear!" she pleaded sheepishly, a goofy grin on her face.    I huffed at her, my smile returning. She was so confident in herself. Something I was sorely lacking sometimes.“Fine, I guess. You really have to introduce us some day. She is basically our neighbor.”“Sure! She is so sweet. I think you and Anna would enjoy her company.”“We’ll see." I chuckled.“Would you go get Anna? I think we're all set!" she exclaimed, putting the cake on the counter to cool.I dropped my shoulders in resignation. It’s hard to stay mad at her sometimes...    The chill grasped me again, making me look around for more cracks in the walls as I searched for Anna.    I caught her trying to peek into the kitchen again, staring through the crack of the door.“What’s she making?" she inquired, “It smells wonderful!”    I went down on one knee, lifting her into my arms with a smile.“That’s a surprise, Anna! Do you know what day today is?" I asked.    She scratched her chin, thinking deeply.“Monday, right?”    I let out a quiet chuckle. She was so adorable when she was clueless.“Yes, but today is a special Monday!”“Is that why Terra is making something tasty?" she asked with her head cocked to the side.“How about you sit down at the table and close your eyes, Anna? I got a present for you!" Terra’s voice chimed through the door.    She gave me a confused look but just shrugged in acceptance. I brought her over to the table. She somehow felt heavier than usual, so I resorted to drop her off in front of the table so she could clamber up into her favorite seat. They grow up so fast.    She swayed left and right in glee, her eyes closed as she waited for Terra to arrive. The gentle aroma of the sweet food came closer and closer, almost making her salivate.“You can open your eyes now. I made a cake! Just for you, sweetie~”“Cake!? For me? Uhhhh…. What’s a cake?”    Terra set the plate onto the table, a kind smile on her face.“Something tasty that you cook at someone’s birthday, Anna." she cooed into her ear.“Ohhh! Wait… today is my birthday? I’m going to catch up and become as big and strong as you two!”“Yes~ Today is just for you, sweetie. How about we eat this cake and make a big, beautiful fire outside? We can sing and play into the night! What do you think?”    Her eyes widened, shining in joy. Today would be a fun day.    The cake Terra made tasted as good as it smelled. Anna’s eyes closed in delight at every bite and I couldn’t keep my hands off it either. Terra meekly presented her a ball of leather that she had crafted for them to play with.“I am not as good at it as your sister is, sweetie, but I hope we can still have fun with it.”“Oh, come on!" I interjected, “It’s perfectly fine, Terra. No need to sell yourself short like that.”“I-I love it! Thank you so much, Terra!" Anna yelped, pulling both of us outside to play.    I felt a little sluggish as we kicked the ball around the pile of wood in the field, but watching them was more than worth it.    Soon, the sun began to set and I gave her my present. After I asked her to close her eyes again, I placed it softly into her lap where a miniature version of Terra sat, fashioned from warm beaver pelt and the softest cloth I could find. She cried tears of joy, hugging me tightly as Terra’s face burned a crimson red.    As a fitting end to the day, Terra set the huge pile of wood alight, streaks of orange and red flickering through the night. It was like we became enchanted, just staring into the flame for hours. Anna’s boundless energy slowly faded, and sleep found her shortly after.“Thank you." I said, moving my fingers through her hair without averting my gaze from the flames.“Huh?”“Thank you, Terra. For everything. Nothing of this would have ever happened without you. You can’t imagine how much you mean to her… to me… Without you I...”    She slung her arm around my back, embracing me in a reassuring hug.“I’ll be here for you two, Maria. As long as you need me.”“And what then? What will you do? What are your plans for the future?”    She scraped her hooves along the ground, closing her eyes.“I’m not sure. I’m a vagabond, Maria. I don’t have a home and I don’t have a family. But I will cross that bridge when the time comes. Always thinking about the past or the future helps nobody.”    Her words hit me like a sledgehammer.“D-Do you really think that, Terra? You have a family now. Your home is here, isn’t it?”    Unshed tears glistened in both of our eyes, unsure of what to say.“Really? I didn’t think that-”“Hush! None of that, Terra! You are family, and both Anna and I are grateful to have you.”    We sat there in heavy silence as I was unable to form the words that I wanted to share so desperately.“Should we head to bed? We could all use a good rest." I said exhausted, barely managing to hold back tears.“Okay. Should I carry her to bed? You look a little out of it." she suggested.    I just nodded weakly, handing my sleeping sister over to her, before stomping out the fleeting embers. Even in sleep, Anna was unwilling to let go of her stuffed Terra. My mind kept wandering to the future, our future. Wordlessly, I followed her upstairs, taking my place next to my sister.“Good night, you two" Terra whispered at the door, just about to turn herself in for the night.“Good night, Terra." I yawned, turning towards Anna.“G…. night, mommy...”    My heart felt heavy as I drifted to sleep. All was silent except for Anna’s gentle snoring and an almost inaudible sobbing.    It was still late at night when I awoke. Anna was nowhere to be seen, and I heard faint voices in the distance. Confused, I clothed myself and left the room. Peering into Terra’s room, I found it desolate, like it hadn’t been used in months.    The voices became more clear, echoing from downstairs. They were familiar, a man and a woman… I quickly stomped down the stairs, but found the living room just as empty.    The door hung slightly ajar, warm torchlight coming from outside.“There are monsters here, sweetie. We need to leave, now." a woman's voice said, unmistakable.“We need to move before the beast comes back!" the man hissed, my heart crying in pain.“Yes, mommy, daddy." a third voice whispered. It was Anna.    I charged outside just in time to see three figures vanish into the woods. It can’t be. Had my parents returned just to leave me all alone?    Stumbling, I ran after them into the forest. The light of the torch was faint, but I was able to follow them. The firelight cast long shadows along the forest floor, covering the cold woods in shadow. Snow piled heavily all around me, my fingers numb and slack.    Step by step, I drew closer to the fire. Only a few more feet and then… it disappeared. I arrived in a clearing, a dying torch lying on the frozen soil. Dead, withering plants were all around me. Only the trees surrounding me seemingly alive.    I froze in terror, feeling a piercing gaze behind me. I could barely move, slowly turning around with stiff joints.    At the edge of the clearing, red, beady eyes stared into my soul. Hot steam rose from its body, covering it in a misty blanked I couldn’t peer through. It’s long snout was framed by two broken tusks, jagged edges protruding from their bases.    A boar stood before me, head lowered and ready to charge. Panic filled my body, forcing my legs to move. I reached the edge of the clearing within a few steps, feeling the ground tremble under the thunderous charge behind me.    It snorted loudly as it followed behind me, the splintering of wood and the crunching of snow echoing through the trees. Unable to breathe, I zigzagged between the trees.    I tried my best to do what Terra had done, but I was too slow. I heard it drawing in closer and closer, almost breathing down my neck. I sprinted around a tree, just to see it hurtle past me seconds later. With a sickening crunch, the beast crashed into a tree, tipping it over.    My eyes widened in fear. With the boar so close to me, I could see past it’s veil. Crimson flesh, utterly skinless, stretched along its form and fresh blood dripped down into the snow.    Swinging its massive bulk around, it focused its crazed gaze back on me. It scraped its bloody feet along the ground, getting ready for another charge. I turned around, trying to sprint away, but my feet slipped on a white liquid covering the ground. Was that… milk?    My mind had troubles keeping up with what I was seeing, but the boar still had its sight set on me. It would crush me in a second. I needed to… Too late. I closed my eyes in defeat to brace myself for the deadly impact, but it never came. A loud, metallic clang echoed between the trees like a gong, sending shivers down my spine.    Hesitantly, I opened my eyes, seeing the blade of a massive axe between me and the monster. With a pained squeal, it sunk to the ground and stopped moving.    A warm, all encompassing feeling coursed through me, quelling my fears.“Don’t worry, Mary. I am here for you." a soothing voice said above me.    Terra stood next to the beast, stepping over to me and picking me up in a tight hug.“No need to be scared. We’re here for you, remember? Sleep. It is just a bad dream.”    My mind swam in relief as well as the gentle warmth of her embrace. I was safe with her. I always was. With a soft hum, she lulled me to sleep. No snow. No boar. No milk. No loneliness. Just Terra. With a smile on my face, I let go.    When I came to, I found myself in my bed. I was completely unable to move, Anna tightly clutching my chest. Gentle warmth flowed through me, emanating from Terra. She laid just behind me, wrapping her powerful arms around me in a comforting embrace that made me want to drift to sleep again.“Good morning, Mary! Are you feeling better?”Anna stared at me, deep concerns in her sleepy face.“Huh? What do you mean? Good morning. And why is...”“Anna called me for help because you were thrashing and turning in your sleep, Maria. The only thing I can do against a nightmare is to hug it out. I hope you don’t mind." she yawned, “I hope I could help, Maria.”    Bits and pieces of my nightmare came back to me, making me swallow hard. But there were more calming things flooding back as well.“Did you call me Mary last night?" I asked with a raised eyebrow.“Oh my~ Did you hear that? I’m terribly sorry, but I thought you-”    I interrupted her with a mischievous wink.“It’s fine, Terra. I would prefer if you’d call me that, actually.”“Really? I mean… if you don’t mind, Mary.”    We both giggled softly, raveling in the silliness. Terra didn’t let go of me, but I didn’t mind at all. Her warm fur pressing against my back relaxed me to the core.“I really don’t want to stand up now." I mumbled, hugging Anna closer.“Then we don’t~ It’s still pretty early, after all.”    Nodding in agreement, I closed my eyes again. I drifted back into sleep with a contented smile, gripped by a far calmer dream to soothe my racing mind.     The following days, my mind kept wandering back to this horrid dream, trying desperately to make sense of what I saw. I occupied my mind with working on the boar’s fur with vigor, slowly shaping the soft ensemble into something that Terra could wear. Fine, criss-crossed leather strips held two parts of the jack together. After thinking it over, I admitted that giving her fully “modest” attire, wouldn’t lend itself too well to her powerful build.    The firm leather would completely cover her rather bountiful chest and her vulnerable back, leaving her stomach exposed. Draped over her shoulders, a large fur cloak would hang, giving her ample protection from the elements… and lusting eyes.    I fashioned a set of long, leather Rerebraces, lined with fur along the edges. They would cover her upper arms, from further wounds and leave enough freedom to bend them to her liking.    I worked tirelessly on it, often deep into the night as I thought about what Terra would think. Would it fit her? Would she like it? How would she look in it? I shook my head at the unbidden questions, continuing my work.    I smiled meekly as I set the first half aside. Now, it was time for the Cuisse. Terra’s hip area was already plenty protected by thick fur, but I didn’t feel like it was enough. I laid out what I would need as my exhaustion got the better of me. The next step could wait for tomorrow.    My sleep was light. These terrible dreams didn’t return again, but a horrible chill coursed through my body instead. Strong winds were whistling through every crack of the house.    Raindrops tapped gently onto the roof, and I heard the faint sound of thunder in the distance. Anna clutched me tightly, flinching with every sudden thunderclap. A storm was brewing.    The next morning, I felt terrible. The relentless rainfall assaulted our home, the old building creaking obnoxiously as it was battered by the wind. My head felt heavy as I looked around for Anna. She was nowhere in sight, but Terra’s laughter from downstairs told me that everything was alright.    I dragged myself out of the bed, stumbling down the stairs.“Good morning, Mary~" both of them chimed, looking up at me.    Anna’s happy smile quickly turned into a frown however as she laid her eyes on me.“Are you okay, Mary? You don’t look too good.”    I shook my head, trying to assure her.“I’m just a little tired, sis’.”    I walked over to the table and took a seat to join their breakfast, weakly smiling at both of them. Anna just shrugged, but Terra wasn’t buying it.“Are you sure? I could get you some medicine if-”    She was interrupted by a massive thunderclap, letting all of us flinch in our seats.“Everything is fine, really. No need to go out in that weather.”“But-”“No buts! You might be able to fight boars, Terra, but you can’t fight lightning!" I huffed, my head turning to the rattling door.    Her shoulders drooped, giving up on her pursuit. She was so kind hearted, but I wouldn’t let her risk herself for me, not in a million years.    I finished up my breakfast and excused me back into my workshop. There was work to be done.    The storm raged for days, keeping us inside while I continued working. Terra’s armor was taking shape, but I couldn’t help but think that I could’ve done better. The Cuisse formed into a short skirt lined with fur on all edges. It looked warm and cozy, just like I wanted it to be but not so much as to make it unbearable in the spring and summer seasons. A thick belt encircled the ensemble, padding out the most sensitive areas.    Both Terra and Anna were intrigued at what I was working on, but I wanted it to be a surprise much to the dismay of the pair.    I often dropped my tools while working, cursing quietly at my sudden clumsiness. I was sometimes assaulted by a splitting headache whenever I stared at my handiwork too long, and I felt my vision dim a little whenever I finished another piece.    It was just a fleeting cold, I was sure of it. I needed to be strong for Anna, and I didn’t want to return to the pitiful state I once found myself in. Terra had done so much for us, bringing the house back to life. I didn’t want her to see me as a failure. I was productive, and I was useful to them. That is all I wanted, didn’t I? I wasn’t sure anymore.    Pulling the last leather strips in place, I eyed the fruit of my work of the last few weeks.I sighed in a mixture of relief and disappointment. I could have done so much better. I knew it, but this would have to suffice. I wiped the sweat from my forehead. At this point, I was just hoping it would hold together.    Shaking my head furiously, I opened the door and yelled downstairs.“Terra!?”“Yes, Mary?" her melodic voice replied from the kitchen.“Could you come up to my workshop? I have something to show you...”“Oh…?”    I asked both of them to not come inside while I was working, so she didn’t even know what I had been working on.    Hesitantly, the tall minotaur came through the door, her warm and concerned eyes set on me. I nodded, pointing towards the table. My legs shook as she walked over with a curious gaze. Her eyes widened at the sight.“Is… Is that for me?" she stuttered.    I knew it. She didn’t like it.“It’s the first time I’ve ever made something of this scale. If you don’t like it I can-”“No! It… It is beautiful. I never had something of this quality. You are a master at this, Mary. Thank you for doing this for me." she said, her hands held to her heart.“Y-You really think so? I’m relieved. How about you try-”    I stopped mid sentence, my head suddenly spinning.“Mary? Are you alright?”“M-Me? Yeah I’m fine. You don’t need to-”    My vision started to dim, my legs giving out. Without a word, I stumbled towards her before everything turned to black.    Searing pain hammered into my head just as loudly as the rain assaulted the roof. I felt weak and limp, my arms and legs refusing to follow my commands. I was enveloped in total darkness, only my pain and the rain accompanying me. What had happened? I was working on Terra’s armor and then…    My thoughts flowed like molasses, my mind desperately trying to keep up as a wonderful scent wafted into my nose. A soothing, earthly smell, that invoked the image of the rolling fields around our house.    A tiny speck of light crept into my sight, assaulting my sensitive eyes. The light turned into a thin line that became wider and wider, letting daylight flood into… my bedroom.    Terra stood in the door, holding a small cup in her hands. Her eyes were teary, glistening in the darkness.“T-Terra?" I croaked with a crackling voice, the single word barely able to leave my parched throat.    Her pained expression turned into a warm smile as she slowly stepped over to me.“Mary! You are awake! Thank the gods~”    Her eyes bore into me, sadness and fear shimmering just behind them.“Here… Drink this. It should soothe your pain.”    I grasped the cup, too weak to lift it up to my mouth. I growled in anger at myself.“I-I can’t, Terra." I said between my teeth, seething at the fragility of my own body.    Her hand was shaking lightly as she brought the warm mixture to my lips. The tea was just as wonderful as everything else she had made, and the unending hammering in my head slowly receded.“Thank you. I really-”“You haven’t been feeling well for a while now, have you?" Terra interrupted me with a stern expression.“I’ve been fine, really. Until-”“Don’t you dare lie to me, Mary! Someone doesn’t fall over from a sudden fever! Why didn’t you say anything? I would’ve had more than enough time to make medicine for you! Anna and I already feared you… you would never wake up again.”    My heart hurt at her sudden outburst, shame enveloping my very being.“Where is Anna?”“She is sleeping in my bed for now. Mamono are immune to most diseases, but I can’t risk Anna catching it too. I’m still waiting for an answer, Mary...”    I choked quietly, finally understanding what I had done to both of them.“I’m sorry… I didn’t want you to worry about me.”“By quietly dying of a fever? I-I don’t understand… we care about you, and we didn’t want you to put yourself in danger like that! Who cares if you are down with a cold for a couple of days if we can still be together?”    I was a horrible person for putting both of them through this. Terra had a gentle, but deeply concerned look on her face, her hand coming to rest on my forehead.“You're burning up, Mary. T-The tea won’t help like this. Maybe our new neighbor has a solution. I’ll come back as soon as possible. Please, don’t move.”    I felt like I wouldn’t be able to anyway, slumping back into the sheets.“Everything is going to be alright. Just wait for me.”    With determination on her face, Terra turned around and stomped down the stairs, the creaking of the door telling me that she had left into the storm.    The world returned to darkness, and my thoughts were everything I had left. Tears dripped down my face as I silently cried into the night. Why had I been so stupid? Why couldn’t I take my own words to heart?    My vitality slowly fizzled out, barely able to move. I would leave both of them alone. Anna, Terra… I’m so sorry… If only I weren’t such a weak, powerless thing.    I wordlessly cursed the chief god as she had clearly forsaken me. Terra. She had done more for us than any god ever could.    Brooding in my sorrow, I heard a weak knock on the door.“Mary?" Anna whispered quietly, stepping into the darkened room.“Sister… please. Don’t get too close, or you could get sick." I coughed.“A-Are you feeling better now?" she asked, her face messy with tears.“Y-Yeah. So much better" I weakly lied.    Seeing the faint hope in her eyes broke my heart, but I couldn’t bear to tell her the truth.“Listen to me, Anna...”    She sniffed, waiting for me to continue.“Whatever happens, please stay with Terra, okay? She’ll take care of you." I croaked, “You two will be fine, even without me.”“No!" she screamed, stomping her foot onto the ground, “Nothing will be fine, Mary! Not… Not without you!”    Anna collapsed onto me, bawling her eyes out. My own tears returned tenfold at the heartbreaking sight.“Please, don’t leave us alone! You get through this. I know it. You’re strong, Mary! Just like Terra!" she pleaded between heartfelt sobs, drowning me in despair.    We both sat silently in the darkness, surrounded by wails of wind and sorrow and the everlasting rain. Then, a loud slam tore us out of our melancholy. Terra had returned.    The minotaur shook like a leaf in the wind, tears welling up in her eyes as she came into the room. She got down on her knees, placing her head on the mattress.“She can’t do anything for you, Mary… I… I don’t know what to do.”    Anna’s wailing became ever louder, accompanied by Terra’s pitiful whimpers.“All I wanted was for us to come together...l-like a family..." she sobbed, placing her hand on mine.    I would have cried if I could, quietly watching over her. I was out of tears.“A-Anna is like a daughter to me, and… and you… I travelled for years to find a place to belong, a family. I don’t… I don’t want to lose it!" she mewled.    My heart dropped, memories and thoughts flooding back into my weakened mind.“If Anna is your daughter… What… what would I be?" I whispered, barely able to raise my voice.    Terra locked up, shivering from head to hoof. Her tearfilled eyes met mine in the darkness, unspoken feelings weighing heavily on both of us.“M… My… My wife." she sobbed in despair.    All the feelings swirling in my head. All the uncertainties since she arrived in our lives… They all made sense now. The realization why I couldn’t keep my eyes off her… Why couldn't I stand to see her suffer... Why I wanted her to be safe… My body was sluggish, and I feared that my time was limited.“Terra… please.”    With the rest of my strength, I forced my body to move, swinging my arm around her and bringing my face up for a gentle kiss, “Please… take care of our daughter for me.”    Terra was in stunned silence, tears of both joy and sorrow rolling down her face. She returned a kiss, wrapping her arms around me.“If only… If only I had known sooner." she cried, squeezing me softly into her chest.    Her visage of fear suddenly broke, a glint of hope in her eyes.“Mary… My sweet Mary… I have an idea. I can save you… our family." she said softly with a hint of guilt on her face.    My eyes widened slightly, barely able to show more of a response.“Anna, sweetie~" Terra said, suppressing another wave of tears, “I know how to save her! I really do, but I must ask you to go into my room, okay?”“I don’t want to leave Mary alone!" she screamed, throwing a tantrum on the floor.“Hush… Everything will be okay, but you need to trust me. Do you trust me?”    Her tiny fingers brushed against Terra’s cheek.“Yes, T-Terra." she whimpered.    Unending love shone within Terra’s eyes as she gently kissed her forehead.“As soon as she’s better, we’ll come to cuddle, okay?”    Hesitantly, she nodded as Terra let her down to the ground. On weak legs, she wobbled through the door, turning around before leaving.“Take care of Mary for me." she said with a hopeful smile, before closing the door.    I didn’t know what she was thinking, but I found it hard to believe in miracles.“Terra, why-”“Milk...”“Huh?" I coughed, her sudden answer catching me off guard.“M-My milk can turn humans into mamono… I just boiled it to make it... safe. If… If you would d-drink it from the source, you would become one of us. I’m not sure if it will work, but...”    I silently thanked whatever god had sent her to me in my darkest hours, before nodding ever so slightly. If shedding my humanity would allow me to keep living with my family, I would gladly take it.    A new expression formed on Terra’s face as she rose from the bed. Not an expression of fear graced her face as she unclasped her belts but a warm, motherly gaze. The leather clattered to the ground, exposing herself completely. If the illness hadn’t already, the sight would have taken my breath away.    She sat beside me, effortlessly picking my limp body up and placing it in her warm, comforting lap. Her gentle hand supported my head, bringing it up to her bountiful chest.“Drink, honey. Please!”    My mind was foggy, struggling to parse what my body was experiencing. Terra held me gently, like a doll, bringing my mouth to her dark brown nipple. I felt so safe and secure in her embrace, latching onto her with all I could muster.    She combed through my hair with her fingers, whispering softly into my ears.“Everything will be alright, my dear. I’m here for you, and I always will be.”    Slowly, but steadily, I began to suckle on her, muffled moos ringing in my ears. Terra cautiously kissed my forehead, urging me to continue. I felt her body shiver beneath me, and my slack face curled into a smile.    First, it was nothing but a trickle. A steady flow of sweet nectar that pooled within my parched mouth. The wonderful taste robbed me off all my other senses, the creamy liquid slowly finding its way into my throat. Nothing I ever drank before could compare to this.    My muscles ached, and my head started to hammer again, but I knew what I had to do, what I wanted to do. My eyes wandered up to her loving gaze, locked in this moment of deepest intimacy as I started to softly swallow.    My jaw relaxed as my body was overwhelmed by her sweet essence. Newfound energy coursed through me, focussed entirely on drawing more out of her.    Like a starving baby, I began to nurse in earnest. Terra’s quiet moos turned into throaty moans as her milk began to gush out of her. Like a torrent it coursed into my mouth, filling me with sweet bliss. She had saved my life so many times, not even knowing what I had felt for her.    The strength in my limbs returned, my right arm snaking up her body. Fondling blindly, my eyes still desperately locked on hers as I reached for her other breast. Terra shuddered underneath me, showering my hand in sweet milk.    Her warmth seeped into every fiber of my being, reinvigorating my stiff joints. My heart throbbed in gratitude and love, my head becoming clear again. The thundering pain had been replaced by a light pressure on my forehead. Recovering from the darkness that had gripped my mind, I willingly threw it in disarray again, this time, however, in pure bliss.    Terra showered me in tender kisses, alleviating the pressure still building in my head. Her hand hooked under my body, gently rubbing my lower back    I mewled into her teat, more of her milk flowing down my throat.“Just like that, honey. I have plenty more. Drink your fill, and leave the rest to me~”    Her other hand started to massage my, now numb, feet.“You’re doing wonderfully! Keep it u-”    Terra’s gentle cooing was cut off by a loud moo. Sucking as hard as I could, I delighted in watching her throw her head back in bliss.    Feeling adventurous, I let my mouth fill with her sweet nectar until my cheeks bulged. With renewed vigor in my arms, I wrapped them around her neck and pulled myself up for a heartfelt kiss. Her eyes widened in surprise, but quickly glazed over.    Her lips felt marvelous, but I craved for more. I craved for her. My tongue probed her cautiously, trying to get her to open up. Terra obliged and my tongue slipped into her mouth along with a torrent of her own milk.    She moaned into my mouth, fighting back my tongue with her own. A playful and relaxed glint appeared in her eyes, hands wandering to my rear and sliding off my nightwear. She firmly grasped my cheeks, causing me to reply with a throaty moan of my own.    My entire body felt heavy but not out of exhaustion. I just felt… heavier somehow. Her strong fingers sunk into the soft flesh of my exposed ass, making my head spin.    Slowly, she broke the kiss as I slurped down the last dregs of her milk with a wanting mewl.“Terra… please… more." I panted, resting my forehead against hers.    She stared at me, heart-eyed.“I’m glad you’re okay. I didn’t know if it would work, but... you look so...lovable, squeezable, honey~”“Huh? Wha-?”    Terra firmly grasped my breast, shattering my composure. A long, drawn out moan escaped my lips that slowly turned into a moo…    My gaze wandered down to my chest, and I swallowed heavily. Terra was massaging me roughly, my bust now a couple sizes larger than they were before. Her other hand still softly squeezed my supple flesh. There hadn’t been much to squeeze before…    Snow white fur sprouted from what I could see of my legs, making me feel so incredibly warm. Terra’s hand let go of my chest, resting just below my chin.“You’re so beautiful, Mary~" she cooed, grasping a set of curved horns that had sprouted from my forehead while playing with a newfound tail at the base of my spine.    I mooed in bliss at her attentive ministrations, a weird feeling rising up within my chest. I had become a mamono just like Terra, and I loved every second of it. With a mischievous smile, I leaned against her until she fell onto the mattress.    She stared at me with silent wonder as I came to rest on top of her.“Now it’s your turn, dear." I giggled, sliding up her muscular torso so that my now equally generous bosom hung just before Terra’s face, “Come on, drink up~”    Terra was visibly surprised but didn’t object, greedily attaching herself to me. The constant suction set my loins on fire, making me desire her even more. Moaning in ecstasy, I returned the favor, flooding her mouth with my own milk.    I started to wonder if it tasted even remotely as good as Terra’s, but her shining eyes told me everything I needed to know. She loved this just as much as I did.“How do I taste, Terra?" I whispered into her ear, my hand fondling her horn.“Wonderful!" she moaned before returning to her suckling, determined not to lose a single drop.    I soon noticed that I gave way more milk than Terra did, and she just winked as I sheepishly asked her about it.“You’re my cute, little, holstaur wife of course!" she said with a smile, giving me a taste of my own milk shortly after.    It tasted divine.“Oh, honey~" she cooed, her hand travelling down my stomach, “I wonder if all of you tastes this good?”    My answer got lost in a wave of sudden pleasure, her fingers gently dipping between my legs. Mooing loudly, I grasped her back and pulled her closer.“Does that mean you want more?" she giggled, her fingers sliding back and forth.“Yes!" I screamed, grinding myself needily against her.    With a toothy grin, she covered my mouth with her hand.“We don’t want Anna to hear, do we?" she whispered, a smile tugging at her lips.    All I could do was frantically nod. I wanted this so much. I needed her so much. A muffled moan passed her hand as her slender fingers found their mark, slipping past my dripping folds.    Ever so slowly, she began to pump them in and out of my sopping entrance, leaving me a drooling wreck. In the few moments of lucidity that graced me under the relentless assault of pleasure, I wondered how she learned how to do that. My face bore a loving smile as I found the knowledge within myself as well. I would make her scream tonight.    We exchanged loving affection until deep into the night, driving each other to climax over and over again. The copious amount of juices and milk didn't really bother us when it was just a sign of the love that we eagerly drenched each other in.    Terra was panting heavily, leaning against the headboard with a deeply flushed face. White rivulets of milk flowed down onto her defined abs, where I greedily licked them off her body. She mewled, moaned, and mooed with every lick, shuddering under my attention.    Indecent ideas pushed themselves to the surface of my mind, and I couldn’t resist all of them. With a wide grin, I lowered myself to my lover's glistening entrance. Her scent robbed me of all reason, my hands coming to rest on her chest.“Honey? What do you ohhh~”    Terra’s jaw went slack with pleasure as I carefully pinched her nipples. The milk soon began to flow again, pooling at her abs until it ran out of room.    Watching the droplets finding their way further down, I licked my lips. With a gentle prod of my now much more powerful tongue, I breached her entrance, delighting in her taste and her moans until her milk trickled onto my tongue.    The intoxicating juices of my lover mixed into an incredible concoction that I greedily lapped up. Soon after, I decided to focus on her pleasure instead.    Only drawing in her milk then and there, I plunged my tongue into her as far as it would go. Terra held her mouth with both hands, desperately trying to stay silent as I finally pushed her over the edge.    She came hard into my mouth, flooding it with her love. There was so much... and I wanted to share.    With a wicked grin, I held her juices within my mouth, gathering her milk on the way up.Her gaze was hazy, still fogged by the pleasure she had just received. I licked my lips before going in for what felt like the thousandth kiss of the night.    Her eyes rolled back as I shared this intoxicating cocktail with her until nothing remained. This was it. This was what I wanted to be. The loving wife of this gorgeous woman.    Utterly exhausted, I collapsed in Terra’s arms. Our breasts pressing tightly together.“We did it." she cooed softly, giving me a gentle kiss.    My now supple body slid off her taut muscles, making me shiver in bliss until I rested against her side. My left hand, still trembling from our intense lovemaking, snaked under her body, grasping her chest from behind as I nuzzled into her other.“Thank you, Terra. For everything... You gave me everything I would have ever needed, and more! I want to stay by your side, forever.”“That can be arranged~" she whispered, pawing at my well cushioned behind, drawing a lusty moo from me.    Biting my lip, I gazed down at my body. The thick fur now covering my legs made me feel giddy. My tail hung limply off the edge of my now too small bed. The long, blonde locks of my hair pooled over my bosom in a cascade of gold.    Looking back up at Terra, I noticed that she eyed me just as much. I yawned loudly, tearing her out of her fantasy.“How about we go to sleep for the night, my dear wife?~" I cooed, raising up from the well worn mattress.    The loud clacking of my, now hooves, surprised me. They felt so natural that I didn’t even notice them.    We both looked at each other, realizing what I had just said. A wide smile formed on Terra’s face as she followed suit.    After thoroughly cleaning the room of any stray liquids, Terra let out a long yawn.“Come! Anna must be waiting for us!" she giggled softly, “She’ll be in for a surprise tomorrow morning!”    I nodded silently, and we sneaked over to the master bedroom on quiet hooves. Anna laid in the center, balled up and shivering with her minotaur plush held close. My soul ached at the sight, thinking about how much she must have worried about me.    Laying down to either side, we gathered her up in a warm embrace. Her face twisted into a wordless smile, and my heart soared in joy. Tomorrow, we will begin a new life.    Dim sunlight shone on my face, rousing me from my slumber. I slowly opened my eyes, taking in the wonderful sight of Terra sleeping in front of me. Her ears flicked softly back and forth, and so did her tail as she relaxed in the heat of the rising sun.    My sleepy gaze trailed further down, spotting Anna firmly lodged between us. She had a content smile on her face, cuddling into both of us.    I placed my finger on the nose of my adorable, little sister, rubbing it gently.“Mhhh… that tickles, Mary..." she mumbled, pushing me hand aside.    Shortly after, her eyes opened wide, now fully awake.“M-Mary?" she asked with uncertainty in her quivering voice.“I’m here, Anna. Terra saved me~”    I whispered softly into her ear, making her shudder. Tears welling up in her eyes, she rolled over to me and assaulted me in a tight hug. She nuzzled into me, her eyes closed in joy.    She sobbed into me for minutes, tearing a worried Terra out of her sleep.“Y-You’re back! Mary… don’t ever do that again! I missed you!" my sister mewled, washing the concern out of my wife’s face.    I cooed reassuring words into her ear, Terra hugging her from behind until she finally settled. Her breath slowed down, her tiny heart finding peace again. With a smiling, tear-stained face, she looked up at me.    She locked up in my embrace, making me worry that she didn’t take to my changes too well. With eyes full of wonder, she reached out to my face. Her fingers sliding along my curved horns and tickling my new, sensitive ears.“S-So cute!" she suddenly yipped, grasping my ear with both hands.    I breathed out in relief, ruffling her hair. Terra sat behind her, an expression of pure happiness on her face. Anna began to giggle as my ear flopped around in her grip.“Hey… that tickles, Anna." I said with a slight shudder.    A mischievous glint appeared in Terra’s eyes, reaching over our little charge.“Really now?~" she whispered, brushing her fingers against my other ear.    Warmth spread through my body at her touch.“N..No fair!" I wheezed, taking a deep breath to force the sensation out of my ears.    Terra leaned back with a wide grin, watching me struggle with my little sister.“H-Hey, Anna? Did you know that Terra is ticklish?" I retorted, letting Terra glance sideways in embarrassment.“Really?" my sister mused, turning around and grasping Terra’s slender arms.    She laughed at Anna’s playful affection, making me smile with glee.“That’s what I get for being a tease, huh?" she huffed between uncontrolled giggles.“Yep~”    As soon as we decided to leave the bed, some issues I had became quite apparent. My sudden growth spurt had left most of my old clothes unusable, forcing me to wear Terra’s old attire. I felt so exposed, wrapped into these thin straps of leather, but somehow it was not as bad as I had feared.    Anna literally trembled in her seat at the table, probably bursting with just as many questions as I had, if not more. Terra came from the kitchen, three mugs of warm milk in her hands.“What happened to you, Mary? You look so much like Terra now! A little rounder though...”    Terra let out a bellowing laughter, and I glowered at her in response.“You know… mamono like me can turn someone we really like into one of us! Mary and you are very important to me, and it was the only chance we had." she explained, “I thought you would turn into a minotaur, though.”    I raised my eyebrow in confusion.“I didn’t?”“No, honey~ You turned into a holstaur.”“What is a holstaur?" we both asked in unison and Anna continued, “And why do you call Mary ‘honey’?”    Terra choked on her warm milk, her face tinting red.“Holstaurs are like minotaurs, only less gung-ho. They are also softer and give more mi-" she interrupted herself, turning an even deeper shade of red.“Soooo cool!" Anna exclaimed, resting her face on her arms with a dreamy look.“Could you turn me into a mamama… moma… mamono too?”    Now it was my turn to choke on my drink, frantically trying to regain my composure.“I’m afraid you’re not old enough for that yet, sweetie~ You truly need to love someone for it to work." Terra said with a smile.    I really appreciated that little white lie.“D-Don’t you love me?" Anna answered, her eyes watering slightly.    I gave her a tight, motherly hug, nuzzling my nose against hers.“Of course we love you, but you need to be in love like mommy and daddy!" I exclaimed, much to Terra’s amusement.“Exactly~" she cooed, rounding the table and giving me a gentle kiss in front of her.    Anna had difficulty following, but soon it clicked and she leaned back into her seat.“Is that why you sounded like mommy and daddy last night?”    We both stood there in shocked silence, faces to the ground.“Y-Yes, Anna… And just like mom and-”“Don’t come in when it’s loud. I know. I know." she said with an innocent, but toothy grin.    We finished our breakfast in embarrassed silence, and Anna got her Terra plush from upstairs. Holding it in her embrace, she pouted at me.“Now you need to make me a plush Mary too!" she demanded.    We really felt like a family… and my heart jumped in joy at the thought.“So..." Terra said, nervously scratching her head, “Would you two like to meet your neighbor? I’m sure Ava really wants to meet you two after all… this.”    The alraune, Ava… I really needed to thank her for helping Terra with the cake.“Sure! What do you think, Anna? Do you want to go on an adventure?”    She immediately ran over to the coathanger, her arms raised high over her head and her mini Terra dangling from them.“Yaaaaay! Adventure!”    I shook my head with a soft sigh. Please, never change.    My and Terra’s heavy footfalls echoed through the trees, accompanied by the occasional light tapping of Anna’s boots. I still didn’t feel all too welcome here, but the sight of Terra and her massive great axe resting on her shoulder gave me a sense of security that only her embrace could rival.    Anna happily hopped and skipped between us, her hands securely in ours until we arrived at the edge of Ava’s grove. The large, brown bulb we had seen in early spring had turned into a verdant green and thick vines snaked across the forest floor. Ferns, flowers, and herbs grew everywhere the eye could see, only a hint of order betraying it as the garden that it was.“Woooow!" Anna gasped, just as speechless as I.    Terra took careful steps between the greenery, trying not to step on even a leaf. The bulb was larger than her, pulsing with life.“Good morning, Ava! I brought guests!”    A soft rumble shook the grove, small animals fleeing out of the surrounding bushes. An intoxicating smell wafted from the bulb as it slowly opened at the top, revealing beautiful, pink petals within.    In awe, we stared at the flower before us as a young woman with green skin was sitting in its center. She was entirely nude, but after spotting Anna, vines quickly snaked up her body to form a wavy dress.Anna squeaked in surprise, her eyes glittering in wonder.“Pretty plant lady!”“Good morning, pretties~" she said in a singsong voice, leaning down towards me, “You must be little Anna, correct? Terra told me a lot about you! I’m Lavanda. Please, call me Ava.”    Her gaze shifted to me, making me swallow heavily. Her purple eyes inspected me closely, the same shade as the delicate flowers decorating her flowing, silver hair.“And you are Maria, I presume? You caused dear Terra great sorrow, you know that?" she said with a piercing glare that made me flinch. “It broke my heart not being able to help. I was still a bit… weary from being dormant so long… You should be proud of how much she loves you.”    Just like that, her expression softened, replaced by a serene and comforting smile.“Welcome to me grove!" she chirped, extending a hand to both of us.    Nervously, I shook it, and Anna quickly followed suit.“How about we take a seat?”    With a snap of her fingers, roots and moss sprang from the ground, forming a set of really comfy looking chairs surrounding a large, flat flower that served as a table.“T-Thank you f-for your h-hospitality." I stuttered, watching Terra take a seat.“Oh sweet girl, no need to be scared! I’m not upset! I just want to enjoy your company for a while. I’ve been starving for attention after I slept through this long winter.”    The alraune proved to be wise and kind, offering us droves of berries and fruits as we talked. She politely listened to Anna excitedly recounting Terra’s stories. The minotaur could only smile with an apologetic shrug, but Ava didn’t seem to mind.    She curled her long fingers into her silver hair, waiting for her story to finish.“Oh my, Terra~ You must be a hero!" she giggled.“Well… uhhh." she blushed, trying to find a proper answer, “I got around a lot.”    A dull feeling crept into my mind, little claws gripping at the edges of my mind. Jealousy?“That is wonderful dear. I knew that you were a herbalist, but… have you ever heard of the lifebloom?”    Terra cocked her head to the side, shaking it.“Never. What is it?”    The alraune gave us a beaming smile and with a snap, a little bowl made of wood grew out of the soil next to her. Deftly, she placed it on the flower table, still filled with damp soil.    She frowned slightly, holding her hand just above it. A warm, purple glow emanated from the bowl as a little plant began to sprout from it. It didn’t look special in any way. Just a simple, leafy plant with a green bulb at the top.    In a tiny mimicry of Ava’s earlier display, the bulb gently opened, revealing swirls of red, blue, and purple on magnificent petals. Satisfied with her work, she handed the tiny plant to Anna.“That is a lifebloom." she cooed, “It feeds off excess life energy and nothing else. Please, take it with you. If the blossom should ever droop… come to me. Maybe then we can prevent an illness before it fully forms.”    Anna looked at the flower in awe, while I mouthed silent, sincere thanks to the alraune. We would treasure her gift.“Thank you so much!" Terra exclaimed, giving the alraune a heartfelt hug.    There was no need to be jealous. They became friends, nothing more. She turned back to Anna, going down on one knee.“Will you take care of it, sweetie?" my wife asked.“Of course, mommy!... uh! I mean Terra. Sorry about that." she corrected herself, blushing profusely.    Terra was in tears, wrapping her powerful arms around her.“Call me whatever you want, dear~ I’ll be whatever you need me to be.”“O..Okay, mommy. Bye aunty Ava!”    I couldn’t hold back my tears, and I could even see Ava shedding a few before regaining her composure.    The darkness was behind us now as I looked down at my wife and… daughter. We were a proper family now.