Oh, dear. Dear, oh, dear, what trouble found you in this side of the world, friend? Busy toiling to earn a living, you never noticed the dust kicking in your town's direction? Then again, the labor was cruel and colorless. Its grey walls barred any outside light. You barely earned anything to exist, much less live.
Well, then...they came like a typhoon, smashing through the whole array of garrisons stationed here. This was a rather ambitious industry you were laboring in. A rich one as well, ripe with raw and processed materials.
But, it was useless to the crimson-haired women that climbed its walls and sundered the myriad soldiers into surrender. What they came to raid here was made very obvious when they began to drag the paralyzed victims that fell below their lashes and knives.
Their terrified scream turned to horrid pleasured wails and faces masked in the same way, to then be dragged behind, bodies locked in a sort of aftermath of their forced exertion. Dragged to whatever lay behind.
The riches, the wealth, the raw material, the processed material, they meant to them. No, they wanted bondsmen. Slaves. And they were making impossibly fast gains with the supernatural agility that allowed them passage beyond strongholds. The hundreds of men that expected frontal combat were lashed and stabbed by the silver of their tipped weaponry, the sort that seemed to always find a gap between their plates. The chainmail simply broke beneath their powerful strokes, giving way to yet more bouts of combat cries and defeated shrieks.
You weren't going to wait to see how the battles would play out. There was no love lost between you and any of the guards. Not with the way they tend to treat the lowly workers.
While the screams and clanking blades approached the higher stories of the factory, you fled into the emergency exit closest to you. Others did the same, fear stewing across every level.
Others thought of this first-hand and ran ahead of you and burst through the doors. They thought they'd be the first to flee.
"Would you look at that? Fresh meat steaming off their factories!"
"Ripe for the picking!" Drooling voices rang a dangerous knell in your head, prompting you to steer away from the whistling lash that ran across the necks of the first runners. You didn't wait to see their faces instantaneously twist into a pleasured wail.
Nor did you wait to see the women in their scantily clad leather outfits leap at the rest of the fleeting workers, their screams turning to moans and groans. You turned away from their slumping bodies consumed by the invasive stimulant of their poison.
"He, humans! Where are you all going?!"
"Yea, the fun is over here!" You feel their heavy, yet light steps gravitating in your direction. Your eyes took a peek behind and your heart shuttered in terror.
They were far behind but catching up rapidly. Shimmering silver gleamed between their fingers or ran behind their lithe rumps. Others had the same idea, but they weren't as skitterish as you were. They ran far too late to slip out of view.
You were bombarded with their anguished screams as the dark women with pointy ears caught up to them one by one. A small puncture here and a quick whipping here, and their bodies tumbled.
Gazing behind was too dangerous, too frightful. The path diverged into many smaller, more narrow streets into the habitable zones. They were empty, surprisingly. Almost like they were...
...oh, no. Silhouettes straddle the tops of roofs, just at the corner of your eye. Apartments were filled with so many of them. Men were being wrangled up soon after catching a swipe of a sharp point.
You ran still while ignoring the fire in your lungs and the pain in your throat, lounging the most distanced of streets. It was a dilapidated something that was worn down even by the city's standards, but it felt like the surest way out. Or so, you thought...
The streets were getting more open, giving you a palette of greenery to which you could flee to. Trees, grass, a path devoid of narrow roads to run towards. A prospect to flee to another city, perhaps a...oh.
There was one of them that strayed from the more populated areas. Their demeanor already gave you impressions of sadistic individuals that loved seeing the face of their victims twisted to their designs. What was this one doing here instead of--
"Hhhheeeeyyyy...what would a little human be doing here?" Her voice and her face spoke complete disaster to you if she ever was to catch up. You didn't bother taking a second or two to drink in her immaculate form molding the jacket or the pants that were befitting her. No, your step acted by itself, moving on instinct. Backward.
Alas, her visage, proud of a potential catch, turned to a fit of scowling anger as her eye split in the middle by a malevolent slit that widened. She saw that trembling step back, saw you spin the other way long before your instincts screamed at you. Her foul scream traveled faster "No, no! Don't you fucking start running--god damn it! Get back here!!!"
Her incensed voice solely coerced you into committing, now fully soaked in your fears. The progress you made through this derelict street turned into a disaster, the worst path you could have taken. She waited here, expecting a few to slip through the net her others cast out wide. And you fell for it...
...as others did, seeing you run blindly to the other way. Their stunned jog turned to a horrifying bout of shrieks as they saw, nay, heard the woman's booming steps screening in their direction.
Seeing her hunched forward, fingers tipped in serrating claws was but an addition to the terror that consumed them, made them run back. Run fast, yet still too slowly.
"You little bastard! I see you at the front trying to duck like a coward!" She saw you, saw your attempts at concealing your figure behind the dozens or so rest of others. Judging by her frantic running, she didn't want any of them "Don't go thinking you can hide among this fodder!"
More screams. More shrieks, more guttural cacophonies of fear played out to your dismay as her silver claws tasted their delectable flesh, scarring them not, but imprinting a deep blue hue on contact. A straight gash for the poison to seep in and possess their limbs with but one undeniable imperative.
Fall.
"Get out of the damn way!" She shouted, her voice dripping in vitriol, still weaving her razor-sharp fingers across the howling victims. The dozens were dropping on masse and their shouts were gaining on you. SHE was gaining on you. Luckily, you were back into the habitable zones. Many apartments and houses were open wide. A myriad of hiding spots waited.
Just as you spotted a garnished entrance to a long, towering apartment, she had disposed of the last few runners behind you. But you were fast. Faster than you ever have been with fear on your throat. Your spin to the hollow entrance played out at the same time her jagged claws rend through the last man's shirt, rendering him immobile and tumbled on the dust-kicked soil.
You ran inside and haphazardly crossed housings at the apartments' length, never thinking about the finality of your destination. Your solace was distance and only distance.
"You little shit!!!" The door you threw at the frame with the lock flew off its hinges as her thick leather boot imprinted its mark. It crashes against the table it flies on, exploding into a coven of splinter and rusted metal. You didn't see any of this, but the force of her ire-dripping violence made its way to wherever you were.
"Making me sweat like a pig in the mud pen! I'll trash this entire god damn block if I have to to get my mittens on your gutless hide!" Her stampeding rampage only incentivized your escape efforts through the violent threat of their quick approach.
The cries of furniture being torn, splintered, and destroyed beyond ruin in her way are not lost on you. Their breaking falls serve as a rudimentary motion sensor to her approach to gauge approximate proximity to her presence.
Too many cases of danger close forced you to hide like a vermin in the aftermath of her wreck. In closets that looked too small for a man to fit in, beneath decrepit beds too filthy to consider, or even among jagged splinters sure to bruise you with their wooden or glass shards, you did anyway. Terror moved every muscle in your body, constantly reminding you of the folly of being caught by someone as ruthless as she was.
Her pace is relentless, persistent, and eerily accurate. Running in a straight line was to invite the inevitable specter of death on your shoulders. Hiding was your only solace. But her persistent wandering in whatever rooms you were made that option closer to an enclosing cage of death than a true comfort.
"I know you're here, human! No weedy louse of your kind would be so fast as to already have ousted themselves! I can smell your fear sliding off your skin!" Her voice was delicately cold, no longer in the brimstone of ire.
Her steps became quieter, softer, subtle. A death knell of alarms rang in your head, close to bursting your mind in a tide of headaches, almost deaf to her gritted whisper "I can wait the whole day, search this whole place to get your fleeting rear, human. There is nowhere you can run...not with me around..."
And with this, silence. No steps, no word, no wanton stampede. Nothing but silence...and the ambient noise of others caught by these marauders.
Nothing. This...this is much worse. With the tempest of rage, you could at least decipher an inkling of her spot. But this, in conjunction with your hasty hiding, rendered you blind to her direction.
And it was maddening. The minutes ticked away at your mind like eons, never sure of where she was or when she was. Perhaps she was atop of you, too quiet for you to notice? Maybe she squatted directly in front of your hiding spot, burning the broken remains of the table with her ire-blind glare? Or...
There was a lot of 'or' fighting in your mind for attention, each one as distraught as the previous one. The only one among these bleak messengers, the one whispering to her surprising lack of persistence was nowhere to be heard.
Yet, you listened to its musing, the alternative being to rot in the madness of dreadful considerations, each one being equally possible. This time, with a more radical path to security. The bloc had balconies open to each other in distance only. But, as per people's efforts to keep a bit of greenery at their edges. Small, excessively local agriculture. Meaning pottery, soft dirt to land on.
That, and the relative close gap between the balconies. You could either drop down on each one or leap across the ones in front and back of you. There was no playing it safe...but not wildly either. You would do both after figuring out that she wasn't here.
Being as quiet as your fear-riddled muscles allowed, you quickly leaped atop the balcony and dropped to the one below. The effort was straining, but adrenaline was graceful enough to extend its time among your sinews per the gravity of the situation. Everyone you dropped to, your spriting commenced, hurling you across two other balconies ahead of you.
Only to abruptly stop and drop to the next one. And the cycle replayed over and over again. You weren't going to be caught by her. And, your observation gave you a glimmer of hope.
When you were running high and high this spire of apartments, you were privy to other sharp-eared women like her preying on other civilians, wrangling them like sausages. Their squirming bodies, either in struggle, or pleasure-forced poison, were then picked up and dragged back to the depth of the city.
But now, there was no one here. None of them, no straggler to speak of. No one but you and the empty streets you were making your way into. Maybe she truly did vacate the place. You doubt she'd want to be left behind to count their grisly bounty that was no doubt plentiful.
The last balcony was bonded to the soil, your ticket out of this nightmare. Your heart slowly receded in its beating. The excess adrenaline began to depart your limbs, giving you the weight of your actions in full. But, you were going to make it, you were going to--
"There you are!!" No...no, no. No! In the corner of the street you were lounging, she was here. She awaited you here! Ambush...ambush! This was an ambush! Your mind screamed in full cacophony: 'Turn! Turn away! Run! RUN!'
"Oh, no, you don't!" Your body was just lessening, convinced that you saw the last of her. Picking up on its natural flight instincts once more would take too long. It did take too long. A time she was not going to wait on.
A swift sweep of her hand sees both of your wrists snagged midway your turn, dragging them...and you against the wall you scaled down.
This close and personal per her forced closeness, you were privy to her facial features. The pure white blade of hair that scaled each side of her head. The somewhat random, yet pristinely ordained jab of hair concealing her dark ashen skin that was smooth and almost glistening. Her skin was like the actual busts dedicated to wealthy orators that you'd occasionally see on your rare moments to yourself across the city.
"Finally caught to you, little rat! Trying to scale down the walls like some sniveling--" You could barely hear her admittedly thick, buxom voice with your body choking on its panic. It refused the idea that you were funneled into an inescapable hold and filled your veins with more adrenaline than you could handle. 
Yet, it also overwhelmed your senses with rattling, screaming danger signals. The overbearing stress between two vehement internal systems wore you down faster than the worst bout of overtime your shift could.
You could barely react as the woman, the dark elf, clasped her fingerless glove hand around your chin, forcing an increasingly blurry gaze into her snarling glare. Her voice bellowed around your ears, too numb to effectively hear her shout. Her bronze, moist lips moved in endless motions, luring your withering gaze into them, but far too muddy to properly asset their immaculate shape.
Even her hot, heated breath smearing on your face could not usher a reaction from your scent as it was far removed from sensitivity. Your eyes, dripping with panic and wanton loss, closed in the darkness of blackout. Although, the prelude to your surrender filled your witling gaze with what looked like...worry?
---
Your ears were the first part of you that woke up. A discordant orchestra of moans and wails was presented to them in strength and volume too wide to blot out. They roused the rest of your body in the aftermath of your depleted senses.
It'd take minutes for you to slowly awake from the overload of hysteria and gloom experienced. Bonds moved with your wrists and ankles, shackling their reality on your person. Not that the dark and metallic cage you found yourself in was willing to alleviate your current reality either.
The moans and wails that so vehemently stirred you awake did not relent as they streamed from many other cages. Hundreds at the heart of the city stretched from its center into the streets beyond. All of them teemed with dozens of poison-drunk civilians still warm with the delicate touch.
Your instincts compel you into the deeper darkness of the cage, a deed the shackles only barely allowed. Fear and adrenaline began to pump into your veins, only to idle beneath your muscles. You weren't strong enough to break those chains, you know that. Bending, pulling, or even pushing was of the same unreachable summit.
Still, you prefer the cover of the darkness, never wondering how it was that you were alone compared to others. It was a miracle, however, what with the cackling steps of your captors wandering nearby, their boots and heels spitting dust behind every step. They seemed to not notice the empty one.
Many of them were howling at the center where a mass of shattered, twisted, and broken steel was. Beads of iron grasped at what was soon revealed to be the necks of men. The soldiers. All of them were piled at the center in their entirety. They were seemingly fighting over them. Or, at least, vying for them. You weren't sure what this was about, but, once again, your survival compelled you at the depth of your improvised cell.
Those that walked nearby continued. They stopped plenty for the other cells, yet never at yours. Did they not see you? Or maybe, they ignored you. This is good, this is very good. You could...wait this out, whatever nightmare you found yourself in. Maybe, with a chance, you could---
Your thought soothed into silence as one particular woman wandered through. Her stance was gentler than the others that passed across your narrow caged view. Her dress was a pastille of a violet scourge, a gentle tide running down her top, her legging, her remarkably restrained outfit.
She stopped in front of your internment, legs shifting imperceptibly in your direction. The next thing you knew, she was squatting amidst the bars, gazing into the darkness of your holdings.
Gazing with those radiant violet eyes, much lighter than her exotic outfit, just slightly more than the curly cascade that was her hair. You swore you could drink the view of their seamless fall just above her shoulders where they ended.
Looking at her gave you a semblance of...peace. A calm that resonated in your mind, your...spirit. Slowly, without knowing, without thinking, the chains to your limbs rattle as you crawl forward, just slightly enough to be visible.
The woman's eyes perked up as she saw the reluctant man squatting between the light and the darkness, his body in a receded stance. They shifted like a current to a deep pondering, hands grasping the bars.
It felt like you would be...ok. She looked different. She felt different. Surely...surely with her, you could hope for--
"There you were!" Another, crueler pair of hands come slamming on the bars next to her. The sudden violence of contact completely disembowels your mounting resolve and calm.
It...no. No. No, no, no, no, no. Not here, not now. Not her! NOT HER! Why was she here of all places?! Why now?!
You skimmy back into the darkness, a delusional hope in your mind that somehow, maybe, she mistook you for someone else. That hope died on the spot as her face twisted into a deranged grin.
"Heh hehe, still trying to flee, are we? Well, human, I told you before, I have you dead center. You are not getting away so easily!"
"You have an interest in this one? Not of those in the middle?" The violet-haired woman's smooth voice seemed to attempt to calm your nerves. Bright as its effort was, the other's tone shattered any chance of this.
"Interest?! Why do you think I shoved his rear in a one-man cage?! I told the rest that he was mine!" What?! No, oh, gods above, this couldn't be true! This couldn't have been why you were uncharacteristically alone in this cage! It just couldn't!
"Oh, interesting. I did not expect anyone here to scoff at the less desirable for the prisoners at the middle."
"Screw them I don't have a toss about a bunch of peddled weepers in their tin foil armor! This one is special." Her voice becomes disturbingly smooth, dripped in malevolence. It almost sang in adjacent to the violet woman's softer pitch, but concealing a jagged ire within.
"I see." The softer elf embroiled in chocolate pigment takes one last glance in the darkness where you stood. A mix of pity and sympathy shined in her eyes. But, there was little more she could do. 
You were damned...
---
"And there we are." Her tone was of triumph in the coven of the night among towering trees. Her fist was wrapped around a metal chain that ran from it to run into your limbs' extremities. This was a complete disaster to be wrapped in. To be dragged out of your one chance at salvation by the purple-haired one's side...to be pulled out of the cage and forced to march for so long...it took a lot from you.
In strength.
In mental.
In spirit.
The glares her shimmering magenta eyes burned into you in the darkness of the night and the blindness of the day told you all that you needed to know. This was going to be hellish.
The first thing she did was to unbind you inside a particular fortified tower standing on the edge of a low depression among the trees.  You remember crossing a ravine that featured a heavy river lowering into a lake nearby. Observing any of it, regardless of its surprising beauty, was impossible with her constantly tugging on your wrists.
But now, the binds were on the marble floor and receded into her ever-enlarging grasp "I bet you had a lot of fun trying to obfuscate me in that dainty city, huh? Well, you better start pulling on that superfluous creativity since now, you're on clean-up duty. You're going to be a maid."
Clean-up duty? For what? You didn't say anything nor move at all. You just...waited. For a demand, an imperative. You knew her kind, not unlike the superiors or the soldiers in the garrison. They hate an impetuous back talk. Hate any sense of returned talk, anything that was not a complete silence or unfiltered sycophancy was immediately scolded, perhaps, punished if they felt ever so slightly slighted.
"Nothing? Where did all that tempestuous bravado go about, human? Are you really going to stare at me like some malformed vermin?! You have a damn cakehole, fucking use it!"
"What do you want me to do?" Of course, the silence wasn't going to cut it. You hoped that she'd be one of those sorts that loved hearing themselves talk with nobody else. But, clearly, that wasn't going to be the case.
"Ok, first of all, you will address me as 'mistress Gertrude', do you hear me?"
All the same...all of them. Subtly, you think, your hand, clasped into a half-clenched fist curls up in powerless affront. The words spilling from your throat are akin to jagged shards of a mirror painfully dripping from your scraped maw "Yes...mistress Gertrude."
"Ah, the human can talk. Good, for a moment, I thought you were too stupid to get a grasp on words." Your mind festers with a hundred and one verbal spit back. They all stop at the doorstep of your tongue to your dismay.
Her eyes linger on you for what felt like an eternal gaze. Though you subtly looked away from her freshly shaped frown, you were too aware of its persistence. It was too blurry to make out, but it felt like she was expecting something.
Of course, she did...swallowing what remains of your pride, you concede "What do you want me to do, mistress Gertrude?" 
Her eyes wince for a moment. They stepped into wanton affront for a second. Did you say it wrong? Was there not enough parade in your voice?  It flickers away as she talked again "Secondly, as per your apt question, you will be cleaning this tower from top to bottom. All-day. Every day. The supplies you want are at the bottom. Is that clear?"
"Yes, mistress Gertrude." And there it was again, that twitch in her eye very, very faintly spilling into anger. Her chain-wrapped fist shook all the same brief.
What was it with her? The dark elf scoffs and turns "Then get your ass to sleep. You start sharply in the morning. If I see you sleeping by then, I'm kicking you out of bed, got that?"
"Yes, mistress Gertrude." You swore you heard a sigh spilling from her leaving presence. She left to the height of the tower. Likely her room, leaving you alone in this dark, frightening assortment of stone and metal. You didn't know where you were supposed to sleep. You didn't bother to ask. People like that tend not to bother with those details.
"Then get out of my face. I'm going to sleep."
---
As per her orders, you begin at the crack of dawn. The sun barely peeked from the receded clouds when you started scrounging what you'd need. It was still as dark as the night, only barely shimmering at the highest heavens. You worked in the dark. Day in, day out. Cleaning the walls, the tables, the floors, the stairs, everything and everywhere you could reach, Gertrude expected nothing less than peerless standards.
Days. Weeks. Months. All this time, you scrounged every ounce of power you had to meet her debilitating standards. Barely enough to clean, barely enough to move, barely enough to keep yourself whole. And that was nothing to say of her constant calling midway your endless chore.
'Human, go fetch me this.'
'Human, you absolute clod, you missed a spot! Do the whole place again!'
'Damn it, human, work faster! You still have a whole lot left!'
'Human, go manage the supplies I brought, I can't be bothered right now.'
And more among a sea of exploitative orders. Back-breaking labor on top of a ceaseless grind that often wrought out every drip of will from you. Your only solace was of the night where you could rest...assuming you were done with your mountainous chores.
---
"Human, get your damn rear over here!" And there are was, again bellowing out knowing you were knee-deep in the filthy heater. Going out now without finishing it up could lead to more dust, coals, or anything in between re-accumulating and clinging on the walls, making it a pain to wash it anew.
You know she checked out everything you did. Those unfortunate times she flipped you off whatever you slept reminded you of that. Aching, exhausted, confused, and bitter, you were ordered to go through whatever she deemed improper.
She knows...yet...with a dull arm, you hurl the soap-dripping broom into the floor just outside of the expansive heater at the bottom. The bubbling cleaning agent splashed on the floor you already deeply scrubbed. It was going to be additional cleaning, but you didn't care. Not with the accumulated bitterness that kept on trickling in.
Stained in the abundance of filthy, black ash coal dust, you went up the endless stairs into the main floor, forcing yourself into a more neutral expression. Or, you think you do, slump under the weight of the endless mountain of chores you were forced to undertake.
"Gods above, you are so damn slow!" Gertrude was behind the counter, her body pressed atop of it. Her choice of attire left nothing to the imagination of her bust's size, left to squeeze the counter as it was, full in view.
"By the way, you look like shit." She was relentless in her jabs. She knows this was the start of the month, the time she ordered you a deep and thorough cleaning of her heater below. It's like she was goading you, trying to get a reaction out of you.
A myriad of rebuttals battered at the edges of your mind, begging to be spilled out atop a list of insults she hurled back. You restrained them as your gritted teeth in your closed mouth, hand curled up in a fist "What do you wish from me, mistress Gertrude?"
Her magenta glare flickers for what looked like minutes, fixated on your persistently still motion. Your stature remains as passive as you could make, not wanting to incite anything. No confrontation, no argument, no--
"Pff, nothing. Go back to whatever you were doing." Her hand makes a leaving motion in your way "Did you not hear me? I said go! Are your ears filthy as well?!"
"Yes, Miss Gertrude." And you turned. And you walked away, clinging to this mask of passivity as you always did. Ever since your internment into her tower, beneath her domineering demeanor, the fright that clothed your shoulders burned away.
Instead, a howling cloak of repressed anger and snuffed-out affront was fixed, heavier than the previous. It felt like all she did, she did so with intention, ordering you left, right, and center like you were nothing more than a puppet. Her rough, coarse tone never relented, never lessened. Insults, demeaning phrases, and obnoxious badly-timed orders, prone to add more labor on your shoulders.
And now, knowing full well that you were painfully scraping every inch of her heater beneath the tower, Gertrude dragged you out of this time-consuming chore only to tell you off...amidst additional jabs at your unkempt appearance wrought from months of labor.
Of course, time eventually eroded those embers of rage that festered from fear exhausted. They grew cold to the metaphorical touch withered into total impassivity. Through her words, her occasional act of wanton dominance to every perceived mistake, and others, eventually...
...you became numb. You didn't care much for anything anymore, your eyes only twinkling in the void of the night. It became the one true refuge for you to linger.
Otherwise, your mind was a blank chasm of incomplete memories. Some things, you could remember. Every slur, every insult, every name she called you was cataloged. Wimp. Softie. Limp. And occasionally...little bitch. They all burned deeply into memories, a painful notch scarred in your mind.
Other things dropped from your memorial grasp, falling into the limbo of blurry pictures. They seemed so...different. Likely worse treatment than those remembered. Things not worth remembering. Pain that was best left discarded in the jagged road of broken memories. What else would prompt you to so easily forget them? 
This was not a mindset you were alien to. This was the same refuge that welcomed you in its lukewarm embrace. This was its prize for the liberation of strain that likely pushed you into its bland, lifeless room. Like this, you could at least bear the tear and wear that she was latching at your shoulders.
---
"I'm going out, human. Do not go idle around like an oaf." Gertrude threw her words and left as she constantly did. She expected nothing less than the usual. And left without another word.
You were alone once more. Alone to clean up after her footprints. Alone to make her tower spotless as much as you could. Alone...to continue packing up.
Enduring this onslaught of...everything that was hurled at you would have likely broken another in mere weeks. That you held up to this long was...you weren't sure what it was. But the strain imparted on your shoulders was close to the bursting point. If you remained here, you'd burst. You would break down in rage, screaming uncontrollably. Or shatter at the loss of your psyche, completely bent to whatever design she seemed to unsubtly parade you around for.
You wanted neither. And you were at your wits' end. You overworked yourself, truly going beyond. This would stall her. Convince her you were adept at your cleaning. This would grant you a few days to wander out in the wilderness.
And so, knowing she would take long before returning, you ventured out. Clinging to your back was whatever meager scrap of food, cloth, sheet, and anything related to an extended traveling. You would never return to this place. Your memories were vague but still remained. They could deliver you to the rough road you were forcefully taken to this isolated tower.
The night and the day served to soothe your long-strained body. Your exhausted mind. Your battered and wounded psyche. You walked, wandered, and explored with wanton abandon, rationing the scrap of nourishment you were allowed, saved them over weeks. In this time, your stomach wailed and cried for anything, but understood your reasons.
And now, amidst the last scraps of the first night, it fed. Fresh, yet, bland bread in thick sticks did the trick. Dipping its white flesh with a basic condiment helped. Huddled against the bulk of a tree, you sighed in relief. You could rest and do so to great measure. Months' worth of endless grind began to evaporate beneath the shadow of the wilderness.
It brings a rasp that slowly, but surely grinds away the grime of filth Gertrude hurled at your physical and mental state. It was liberating...
...but, with the removal of the proverbial filth, came in the old fear, invigorated through a year of slumber. It ran down and up your spine, never truly leaving you. It was a pungent weight on your shoulders, spitting uncomfortable questions: Has she already returned? Would she find out you abandoned the tower? Would she track you down? Did she already track you down?
Once more, a second time, the most sought-out question of salvation was nowhere among them. It knew better than to blind you with delusions. But, still, you hope, as the day ran past noon, and the evening, that she was none the wiser. Ths passive stoicism that steeled your limbs withered into the frail, shivering man that once desperately strived to flee.
You stopped taking any sort of break following the drop of noon. You couldn't afford a chance in unknown territory. Not with her possibly already having returned from her incognito excursion. Even knowing how often she indulged in those...eve knowing that a day or two gave you breathing space, even though...
No. You run. You flee. From the apex of day to the yawning dusk, you run. Hands clinging to the cloak of shoulders, hood interned above your features, you run. Run as fast as your battered legs through the year in constant exhaustion could allow you to.
The day's turn from its brightness to the darkness of the land only served to heighten the paranoia that spoke every time you moved. Maybe she's here. Maybe she's not. Maybe she's here now. Maybe she's not. Maybe...maybe...maybe. Maybe. Maybe. Maybe. Maybe.
You wanted to keep running, keep making a constant distance. Your body sought to follow your command. Yet, it could no longer. Your internment into the stony tower of jagged metal and hushed slabs has demanded vigor from you. Vigor spent in its maintenance, its clean state. That atrophy of vitality still ached even with the meager munching you desperately indulged in.
Running anymore would rob you of consciousness. You had to cradle beneath one of the many trees enveloping this seemingly endless forest. With a cloak not too far from their thick, fattened bulks, you huddled close to one and waited.
Your body burned from head to toe. The acridity in stamina rolled down the mat of aching wounds that piled up beneath your mask of impassivity. Things your more wary side could not sweep this beneath the rug. And everything hurt. It all ached at once, playing a symphony of pain and labored blisters on almost every bit of your pores.
The moon was barely visible, hidden by the airborne sea of leaves and bramble tearing into the empty ambiance. Yet, its bountiful rays still glistened the floor, giving windows into the night below. It was beautiful like you were beholding the arrival of a celestial entity.
It worked with the blisters and sore muscles that plagued your body, striving to lull you to sleep. True sleep. One that long escaped your grasp for that long, unbearable year interred in that infernal thing.
It was working. Your eyes, struggling along the rest of your body to keep themselves together, wanted rest. You couldn't get much of it if any in those years before her lot. This place merely changed the field of labor. But, now...now your body felt like it could finally--
"!!" You felt a malevolent presence. Your body abruptly jolted into more exhausting alert. You couldn't rest, not with whatever lounged the forest. Not with...
...her?! No, no, no, no! No no no no no no! Not now! Not this soon! No panic! Panic will see you unveiled beneath her evil eye! Your hands forcefully slam the slab of silk you'd use as a mask below your nose, both muffling and quieting your rising shriek.
"So far...yet so close..." Hidden behind one of the many trees, you listen, no longer mindlessly slumped at its feet. Your still battered body was huddled close, leaning just barely enough to overhear her spine-chilly giggle "You run fast, human. I dare even say, faster than I've seen among your ilk. If I didn't expect this on your part, I'd be pissed that you still make me sweat like a filthy swine."
What?! Oh...oh, no. Oh, no, no, no. She didn't really go do whatever she told you she was...did she? Did she wait...here? Again? Again?!
"I wondered how long it'd take for that lethargic temperament of yours to finally get a kick in the ass. I was starting to get tired of seeing that zombie's stupor! Now, I know you'll have your damn ears wide open for what I have to say when I get my hands on your vermin hide!" She was waiting for this. Waiting for you to get a glimpse of hope...only so she could destroy it further, drive you deeper into pain.
You had to flee from her grasp. You just had to. Staying under her iron grasp--you can't! You can't! You cannot!
Your body forgets its aching wounds as the prospect of what lay beneath the moonlight...her fair grey-clad flesh meshing with curves as perfect as the feminine body allowed. What cruel play to shimmer beauty around a ruthless mind...
The inspiration of terror muffles your steps as you carefully gaze and swirl around each tree, stepping only when her deathly gaze burned elsewhere.
Your instincts were as sharp as they could be, but they were weak, drained from a day of continual running. You were starving, you were tired, and they could only rouse you with the worse punishment for so long.
Your lungs still gasped for more air, overburdened with too little energy to work with. Your limbs rattled in place, screaming in the lactic acid. You were delirious, your body at its wits' end from the strain of a year. But you remained strong-headed, the alternative being a death sentence.
The forest seemed willing to aid you as the light of the moon evermore poured its light atop Gertrude, giving you an approximative location of the--oh no...she was no longer here.
You were looking at her, not losing sight, and...you blinked. More than you'd admit. She eclipsed your sight at that moment and faded in darkness. Her boisterous stature was replaced by the same stealth that funneled you into capture. Utter quiet, complete silence.
"Found. You." Her voice was here. Close. Close to your ear. Hushed in the calm winds of the twilight. You almost missed it. Almost dozed out on it. It was so soft. So uncharacteristically restrained. Your instincts, however...
...they screamed at you...run. Run. RUN. RUN--DUCK!! Terror overwhelms everything in you, coaxing you to obey without hesitation. You duck and feel a grasping set of fingers slammed on the tree bulk where your head was. You run, feel her presence behind you just a second ago. Her eyes glimmer in dark shades of magenta, taken to the hunt.
Somehow, seeing her gleaming, glaring eyes in the twilight is a more terrifying sight than nothing. So you run, blotting out anything she had to say. Your instincts chose to make any of her words a complete discord on your ears. She was saying a lot, judging by the garbled words filtering out. Insults, probably. Slurs, likely. Threats. Promises. Nothing to listen to.
Yet, as you forced yourself through bramble and sharp branches at the ground, cutting yourself in your clumsy, ragged sprint, they persisted. Alarmed, even. More unhinged, more pressed. You didn't care, you didn't listen. You just ran. You just fled. Fled from her encroaching grasp. Her blurry words. Her closing presence.
The trees you jut around do nothing to enfeeble or inconvenient her. Gertrude's grace is nothing like your clumsy sprint. She was light and danced around them, wasting no momentum.
The small leaps across obstacles do not give you any second of breathing room. She was every ounce of the elven mistress that she carried, making a mockery of their attempts.
You grew more desperate as she ever approached, her form far beyond yours. Distress was your only fuel, your only wall keeping her battering fists from breaching it. Yet, it was failing to her blows. You would be caught in a straight run. Attempting any swirl would only hasten your demise.
She was getting close, close enough for you to feel her hand's proximity. Close enough for her cruel gaze to burn holes in the back of your head. You did not turn. You only howled in despair, blindly running straight, no longer caring for your weeping lungs, no longer caring for your burning legs, no longer caring for the disassembling ground--
Wait. What ground? Weren't you running? No, not anymore. The violent slam of your face on the dirt knocks whatever air you had out of your lungs...and out of your blind strafe.
Your dazed mind only suffers worse as this time, your arms violently slammed against the soil. Then, your chest. Then, your knee. Your foot. Your face. Your hand. Your shoulder. Every part of you shared in the pain as your found yourself tumbling down a steep cliff.
You couldn't see the abrupt depression, not with despair clouding you. Not in this darkness. As you fall, you bruise on lower, lonely bramble. They tear a piece of your outfit. Lots of pieces. They slash and bruise your exposed skin whereas the soil batters your tumbling body. 
Pain is everywhere and squeezes an anguished cry out of your throat. The worse was when your rolling gourmet of agony abruptly ended against the bulk of a tree. It, along with others, was just a few meters from the current you spotted all those months ago.
This slam ignited every wound that clung to you in this jagged roll. And yet, seeing her slide down only incentivized the terror that still held sway over your body.
"Are you deaf or stupid?! It must be both if you kept running while I was screaming 'Stupid! There's a steep cliff here!'" Her voice didn't matter. Her crass tone was nowhere to be present, replaced by a mix of affront and anguish. You didn't hear it. You didn't want to, convinced this was yet another lure.
"H-hey! Stop moving so much! You're too beaten up to squirm like a worm! Seriously, stop!" Your hands move despite their cuts and trauma still resonating deeply. Or, they try to. You try to. Your overworked instincts are drained, too battered, and too tired to force any movement.
"Shit! Shit! Shit! What a mess!" Gertrude's breath was harried and short, ripe with...worry? Panic? Panic. Panic in her voice. Panic in her ordinarily evil eyes. Panic you could no longer deny under the scalpel of pain and drought of instincts.
"Gods! You were supposed to take a verbal reprimanding, not a physical beating! Why did you keep running--hey..." You still, despite this...new light flickering in her presence, recoiled at her touch. She was deceiving you, your wounded body told you such.
"Hey, hey, hey! I'm not going to hurt you! Just--just stand still--there!" Her hand swayed and swirled, catching one of your fledging palms. It was too slow to recede, too slow to react unlike your face, stricken with absolute fear.
Gertrude could see her reflection in the widest eyes of yours. This sent a flick across her body. Her not-so-angry features furthered faded as a single thought came knocking in her mind, already spilling through her waxen smooth lips "You're...not afraid...are you?"
Terror flailed at the extremities of your limbs, coaxing you to constantly, yet powerlessly squirm away as her other hand slowly reached for your other wrist. Seeing you struggling, gasping, wailing like a cornered animal...
"Hey...why...why are you tearing up? You don't usually tear up like this! You weren't before I--you're...you're afraid of me...hey, hey, relax, I'm not to hurt you." Your other hand fiercely gripped your caught arm. You had to flee, you had to get away from her. Any possible way.
Her voice falls in dismay as she sees your bruise, cut hand firmly tearing into the one she held "What are you doing?! Stop! You're going to--
"GET AWAY FROM ME!" Fear clouds every ounce of sense you have. It robs you of the anguish that was pouring from her tone even as she clutches your free arm from its brethren.
"Stop! Stop, you're just going to fuck yourself up even worse!" Her ire was gone. Her affront was gone. There was nothing but distraught and alarm "I'm not going to mangle you! You need medical aid! Stop shaking so much!"
You did not listen, however. No, you panicked more. Exerted yourself more. Slipped deeper into another bout of blackout.
"Please...stop...I just want to..." Her voice, surely what she said could have dragged you from the cliff you were standing on. As it was, you were already falling. Exhausted, exerted in panic and uncontrolled danger signals her presence was swarming you in, hearing the uncharacteristically pronounced lament in her voice was an impossibility. Seeing it...all the same, as a blurry mirror beyond your eyes distorted anything you'd see by tears and loss of stamina. You were fainting.
The last shred of light untainted by the swelling darkness from the corner of your eyes was once again her visage shifting to panic. You were sure her hands were on your cheeks...you think. It is so hard to see what they are so tired...was she...
---
How long has it been? How many days have spotted you bundled in medical silk with a mind still in darkness? The only one that could answer this was nowhere to be found. Besides...where were you? Did the current swallow you? Surely you have drifted, then.
Your memories are hazy but quick to catch up. As was your eyesight. It was morning wherever this place is. It was a pretty room of cozy grey and embroiled gold about its banners. The banners represented majestic towers weaved in silk of their own. The way they were crafted on the banners made them stand out, almost leaping from the delicately woven silk.
The sky was dull grey with rays of light piercing the waxen clouds drenched by the morning dew. If you were to look higher, you would see gaps among the clouds, this golden passage replicated in many places, seemingly offering a spot beyond them.
Tempted as you were to go out and wonder about them...you were still reeling from your crash. The pain was no longer so stringent, but enough to make you reconsider any radical action.
At the very least, you seemed to be elsewhere. Somewhere far away from...wait, footsteps. Closing in the black door surrounded by immaculate walls of stone. Whoever brought you here seemed intent on checking up the...the...
...you remember. You didn't fall in the current. You didn't, you were still a few meters from it. Your body tenses as you realize this. No, no, no, not here. Not here.
The door opens to what your mind both dreads and hopes at the same time. Hope dies as dread drowns your innards. It was her. Gertrude with a kick to the door, a hand beneath a plateau of what looked like goods. Sweet pastries assorted in silver bowls.
You did not wait for anything before your body flickers in panic. Her voice, especially "About time you snapped out of it. I brought something to--hey, don't move so suddenly!"
"N-no..." Your instincts flood in with a strained patch of adrenaline. It was weak. You were weak. Still too weak. And she saw that twitch.
The plate was left on a podium and she, upon you. There was not going to be a third time.
"Stop!" her arms arched around you just as the faint reserves of adrenaline began to hit. Your mind struggled to think of an exit vector, knowing full well it wouldn't find one. Not with her arms...
"Stop..." wrangled around your head, your nape. The smell of faint roses rushed to your nostrils, only now awoken to flowers. Your sense of touch was the next to re-awake as half of your face now dozed on two wide, pillow-like cushions of the feminine sort. Her chest was more garnished than it looked with how wide her breasts were to meet your face full of bandages.
"Stupid...so stupid...stupid, stupid. Both of us..." Holding you against her chest, Gertrude breathes in a voice that is angry and that is anguished.
"One year...one year you have been playing dead or limp like a fish...like I put you to the whip. Or anything jagged. The one time I see you be more than a moaning, shambling puppet, it is when you try to flee...or when I'm absent. I hate it, hate it, hate it so much. Never giving any of this a chance despite me not doing a damn thing..."
Your body and mind were no longer so united. Not with your mind no longer so stringent on her malice. The way she embraced you was too comforting, too humane. It was nothing like her crass voice or ambient demeanor that was. Yet your body seemed to think otherwise.
"Tsk...even now, you still shake like a pup that was screamed at. This isn't what I want. This isn't..." The side of your face feels the plop of a wet drop. Something clear and shiny slowly was absorbed in your bandage. And then another splatted in the same spot, warm and charged with lament. Pure lament. "...what I wanted. What uses do I have for an emotionally dead man too afraid of his mistress? Too afraid to drink? Too afraid to eat? Too numb to speak out...or even react to anything?"
Her voice grows shakier, robbed of the spite that clothed her tone as it was as wet as her face "...but then again, who the hell am I to talk? Merely imitating my mother, the way she led father...or whatever was left of him. Too rough, too overbearing...too much. Like mother, like daughter, I suppose..."
Wait. Hold on, this wasn't her desire? Since when? "What do you think, stupid?" Your head briefly rose, trying to meet her eyes amidst her generously garnished chest. Her voice was clearly not intentional on the insult. Not anymore. Clinging to your broken form as she was, feeling your movement was easy for Gertrude. Seeing your question through your confused, if wary eyes...that felt more...intimate.
"Forget about this for now. You need to sleep. You need to stand still. If you are willing, however...when you are no longer so ugly in face and heart..." Your mind was a stronger believer in this perceived sincerity. it looked less and less like a snare, a bait to plunge you into further despair. not with the way she was clinging to you, holding your visage into her bust. Not with her voice so soft and docile.
Your body was losing this battle, still recovering from its wounds. Sleep returned in strength, yet you still feel her body joined to yours. Gertrude was not willing to let go. Not with this sliver of hope that her seeming contrarian demeanor was ushering out of your dormant sense of self.
Days passed and your consciousness waned whenever it waxed. Still, you felt her soft skin cozying around you, wrapped around your head and face, your nape and hips. Sometimes, she was sleeping. Sometimes, she was a vigil. Other times, you felt your skin being briefly exposed to the burning atmosphere, your wounds still aching as she strived to change your bandages.
In either case, you slept in her bosom, that much you knew. Her warm, soft, fleshy bosom is beyond the silk of what would later be revealed as her bed. In her arms, you slept...
---
The morning was once again the period that graced you in both your awakenings. The majestic trees that isolated this lonely tower jutted into the endless heavens, adding their presence to the seemingly bleeding hole among the clouds. Golden light filtered the gaps where they bored their bulks in.
Though the sun was veiled by the grey-clad skies, its light was undeniable, somehow shimmering a gentle light below on the earth. As ever, the scene was of a pseudo night with spots of strong, incandescent light. One of them wormed its way through the windows that surrounded this room. In this room, on your face, it lingered.
The first thing that visited you was its intense light, prompting a swift turn away. You were vaguely awake for days without end. Seconds or minutes at most. And the cerulean seemed to have picked the one moment you could sustain eyesight to shower them with its blinding brightness.
It strung you wide awake, far from the bosom of sleep and of the bed's sheets. Your bandages were still on, though loose. But your movement no longer incurred the burning wrath of scars, bruises, and blisters. Looking beneath their wraps, the long-dulled crimson hues gashing across your skin were gone. Disappeared. Like they were pulled out.
Your outfit, however, was gone. The hooded darkness of patch clothing left you, revealing the mundane attires of an average man. They were nowhere to be found. Did she...?
Well, you put that behind. Maybe she put them somewhere else. Maybe you can find them. After all, you're already up, no point idling. Besides, you doubt she'd want to see you remain still when you have things to do. That...moment, those moments all seemed like a fluke. Maybe a delusion.
Turning the knob over to the only entrance to this room would prove otherwise as she happened to be on the other side "H-hey! What the hell are you doing up so early?!"
The surprise is unexpected. It sweeps your balance sideways. Her reflexes, however, pounce at your ailing hand, clutching it with strength. It saves your barely awoken face from the stone floor.
"Sorry, I'm sorry." Holding you by the palm was unusual for Gertrude "I just--
"Whatever! Don't worry about that! At least you didn't get another bonk on your noggin! Come on then since you're awake! Breakfast's ready!"
"Breakfast?" What did she mean by breakfast? Last you remember, the bread did not take a solid commitment to manufacturing.
"Yes, breakfast! You know, things you eat before you work? Although, with how much you've been skipping your portions..." Her eyes fashioned pondering between them. They were not the malice-dripping glare you were used to.
"Come on, then! I have to correct a few things with you!" Without anymore, she pulls and runs down the stairs...with your palm still entwined in hers. Trying not to fall while forced into a cadence was...challenging to say the least. Your stuttering runs only ends at the seat before a steaming plate. A mix of curry-coated potatoes and a thick, juice steam infused with its earthly, heavenly sauce awaited, standing idle before you.
Gertrude sat before a similar plate of hers in front of you, eyes locked in expectation. Her thumb tapped on the black wood table, polished enough to make it reflective of the sun that danced through the windows. She watched you staring at the garnished plate for five minutes, never saying a thing, until...
"Well?" Her voice, again, disarmed of her poisoned tongue, cause quite a stir to you.
"Huh?"
"Aren't you going to eat? What do you think I make this for, human?"
"Well, I mean, I thought this was going to be yours?"
Gertrude's eye raises an eyebrow "A plate standing before your specifically to you...and you thought it was to be mine...while I already had my own..."
"Right, sorry..." She expected you to eat. But, why? The other times you saw a steaming plate all year--
"Is that what you've been shoving down your noggin about? Tsk, no wonder I kept finding untouched plates. Seriously?!"
Wait, wait, wait...those were yours? But...no, that makes no sense!  Menials and bondsmen do not eat! Nothing so fancy! Then again, there wasn't any other either.
Gertrude sighs longly "Ok...let me make myself clear, then. When you see a random plate of whatever happens to be here, assume I have already eaten, alright? Meaning that it's yours. Eat it! I do not like seeing my one servant walking around like some damn zombie on the verge of collapsing! Do you know how much that pisses me off?!"
Her voice rose close to her usual ire. Seeing you flinch, however, makes her reconsider, denoted by lowered eyes. She sighs again, joining her hands in the middle "...I'm sorry... I'm sorry for throwing so much shit at you like you're the one responsible for this...mess of a start. A long overdue one. A shame you had to run like a scared animal to make me see this..."
"This wasn't intentional?"
"No! Hell no!" Affront rises in her voice distanced from her typical malice "But, you should eat. You haven't exactly been perking up with those crumbles of bread you starved yourself with."
"Yea..." Slowly, you pick up the fork and table knife. They were pleasantly heavy to hold like they held power above the dish you began carving and devouring. The juices of the meat and sauce flood your buds, rousing them awake like they never were before "!!"
A sly grin spreads on Gertrude's glistening lips seeing you empty your plate like it was your last "Hehe, now that's more like it, human! I always thought I was a good cook!"
"This is good! Very good! I never had anything like that before!" You comment without thinking, between bites. The thick, hotness of the steak blended in perfect unison with the steaming potatoes, discharging a plethora of flavors down your throat and tongue. The sauce and the acted as amplifiers, further heightening their close-to-perfect tone and taste.
"I figured you'd enjoy that, what with this being some of the first instances of a decent meal you had. I got a good glance at this 'place' you call home while you were blacking out. A real shit show if I say so myself. Everything inside looked like it was prone to break down."
Hearing her talk about your...well, you couldn't really call it a 'home', but that place, made you stop. You remembered the cracked windows flanking a stale, bland view of grey assortments. The rotting floor had never gotten any sort of maintenance, let alone any repair. Not to mention the cracked ceiling and the drip that occasionally occurred in heavy rain. Barely any color. Barely anything you could afford. Even the decrepit apartment you were held up in asked just a little too much for the unsavory work you were forced into to survive.
"Judging by your sudden morose expression, I'm guessing it sucked living in here, right? Of course, it must have. I've seen the fuckers that touted themselves as rulers of this mess. I've seen their little palaces in smooth stone and gild. Pff...massive pieces of shit sure to enjoy their new...direction in life."
You barely recall that time. Only that others like her were vying for the middle ones. Almost all of them were. But, not her. Not the violet-haired one. They lounged the more 'mundane' cages.
"Why me?"
"Hmm?" Her eyes flicker a bit wider, picking up on your question "Why you? Why not? Not everyone wants some easy-lived aristocrat already stacked with wealth. You seemed on the spectrum of abject misery here. More so than many others. Like a piece of trash that other trash wouldn't want here. I did tell you that I found that lice-infested corner you called 'home', did I not? While everyone was trying to flee. I guess you could say that I picked up your scent and...it stroke a chord with me."
"A chord?" With you? Some twitching, withered cog at the bottom of an uncaring, ever working factory? Someone with practically nothing to offer any potential partner?
"Yes, a chord." Gertrude could read the doubt in your tone. It irked her. A lot "Maybe that smog-infested shit hole smeared out your soul's nostrils, but, I felt a connection. Like we meshed. It's more common everywhere else. And, I'm sure as hell have yet to see any gal willing to see their potential soulmate stuck in literal sewages of a city. Or with another bitch who would have more fun breaking them into something else. A jagged, ugly thing that can no longer feel or experience...unless it's fear and despair...like I did...god...damn it all..."
Her eyes lowered into her still untouched dish. Time ran in slow motion to your senses, at least. Guilt ran in her voice as she slowly resumed, the center of your attention "...I know I haven't been the most...gentle of gal with you, human...which is putting it lightly. Perhaps not any better than the others. Names, insults, treating you like some good-for-nothing used rag...like those assholes at your home turf. Believe me, human..."
Your hands drop the stencils they were armed with. A strange compulsion pushed you to do so, guiding them away from the tools. It was like they were waiting for something. A something in the shape of her nake palms reaching out slowly, temptingly so "...this isn't what I had in mind. Nothing this extreme."
"Then what did you..." Your voice cuts itself as you feel her fingers swirl and lock with yours midway. They are soft to the touch, seemingly an antithesis to what sounded less like her typical demeanor.
"What she had. Or rather, what she will eventually foster. A connection. A relation. Someone that you'd look up as the one responsible for pulling you out of this cesspit. Someone to bond with. But, no, instead, I treated you just they do theirs. Like a worthless piece of trash, fit to nothing more than even more worthless servitude."
"She? You mean that lone one with..."
"...the violet hair, yes. I saw how you looked at her. How I sought to have you glance at me...before I slammed in the breaks like some deranged psychopath, my blood, just driving me to do so. Well, not so much my blood..."
You knew what she meant. How you do is not a question that came with a clear-cut answer. You just did out of perceived common sense "You mentioned your mother at one point...in an unpleasant tone."
"I did. And, I could tell you of how she raised me, how almost every one of us is thought to act and think...or..." Gertrude's hands move apart from yours, reluctantly so. Your insight noticed a glimmer of said reluctance on her noticeably more appealing face. It weighted less with the strain of constant ire discarded. But, the glimmer of dismay that twinkled in blemished the beauty you knew it could display.
Your reflexes flare up, however, as you abruptly catch a folded outfit. Spreading it wide, you feel the shiny, cold touch of metal at certain places.
Unfolded completely, the dark and grey outfit presented its metallic shoulder guards, kneecaps, elbow caps, and heavy, metal-tipped boots. The hood you once slotted above your head was now shimmering with angular plates that, when slotted on, link into the very edge of the cowl.
Your outfit was radically refined into the dark of the night, playing on adequate protection but very much more on seamless motions. Agility. A thing she must see you as adequate if she was willing to draft you in her colors. Or whatever belonging she was embraced in.
Or, rather, with this talk of mishandled first impressions, this felt more like an eventuality for her. To...elevate you into a position different from what you were about to experience.
"Well?"
"Hmm?"
"Put it on. It should be cozy." It was. Radically different from what you wore, the sleek, dark outfit felt like it was custom-made to every part of your body. Fingers, legs, arms, head, everything was accounted for. Even your allegedly thinner neck felt reinforced by it. But then again, everything was.
Despite the relatively low metal in the extremities of your joints, the apparel felt like its sinews and fibers were joined in metallic coils and steel muscles. Like it was deceptively made to be resilient. An ambient, invisible current could be felt traveling at every ounce of the surface. Nothing you've ever felt before.
Gertrude, the ever-observant and wearing this lessened bout of aggression, divined your slightly bewildered thought "You probably feel a bout of something translucent traveling about, yea? Like flowing water? Yea, that's enchantment. A plethora, actually, but, that's for later..."
Her slender, agile form seamlessly slides off the table, weaving around the plentitude garnishing it. Her stance is regal, standing but a few meters before you. It dissolves as once more, the ashen elf reaches out, fingers longing for the taste of your palms.
"Now...I wish to ask you to trust me when we go. So that I can show you, make you understand. Nothing you are about to witness will ever leave with you. I will not allow it. Not it, not them."
"Trust you? For what? Where are we going?"
"You will see. You have to. To understand what I do not want from you. Can you trust me...even if our first year was less than gracious?"
"I...well, you mended me, and..." Months before, there'd be no way you could. Not with her abrasive, demeaning, bile-stewed demeanor. No, wouldn't. But, feeling her persistent caress in the depth of your dreams, feeling her touch plucking away the injuries that rendered you a pile of pain and suffering made its way to your mind. The same mind who, long in its dichotomy between fear and spite, could not deny the sincerity that breathe in every pore of her.
People like her shouldn't be revealing their less abrasive side, not this earnestly, not this easily...yet she did. And it didn't seem like it was going to stop. No, in this context, denying the rumbling feelings she was clearly beginning to spill out to you was nigh unthinkable. Her words felt genuine, that, you couldn't refute.
Your silent nod told her everything she wanted to hear "Then, come with me. This will be unpleasant, but quick. We will not linger here any longer than we need to..."
---
Through the forest, the Punctured Fronts, as the locals called it, you ran, following Gertrude. The outfit she adorned you with glimmered as much as hers did, playing in a shade of dark blue. Its tangent tones filled your legs with stamina, giving you a fleeting boost. Though not as graceful as hers, there was an underlying premise that she was going to train you into...you weren't sure how you did.
Regardless, she led you far, far away from this home that would become yours as well. Led you to a frightening place. A horrifying den beset by grill gates and stone walls. The metal that ran across their towers and corners was much more jagged than Gertrude's lone tower. They conveyed malice you didn't think possible, almost like they were designed to inept an awkward climb down. The silver that composed their filaments did not stop your mind from shivering at their sight.
"Oh, hey Gertrude! Here for some 'accessories'?" one of the guards at the foremost inner gate accosted her. There were two of them at the gate, each one befitted with a thorned spear. The forked thing adorned with its silver edge on all three front looked more like a weapon of intimidation than anything else. Its appearance likely fitted its design as a shaft no one would want to fall beneath.
More than the three-pointed edges, a rope of thorns in silver ran from the bottom of its middle point, close to the shaft. It rattled menacingly against the wind, looking to be an extension of the spear, a cruel coil to grasp as those running away. It was fearsome, much like the women who held them.
"Yes, you could say that," Gertrude answered, making sure to keep an arm firmly wrapped on your opposite shoulder. Her nails, anointed with claws just above them, seemed to threaten to pierce through your shoulder guard. Her smile was equally as jagged as the woman on the gate, the latter, clearly proud of her 'catch'.
A rising dread began to make its way to your face. An old, pungent fear that reminded you of when she and the rest came along, a tithe of slaves to reap. It seemed like her talk was but that...talk.
"Well, go on, then. I'm sure you can find something to...teach him with. Reward or punishment, you can find both."
"Of course, I can't wait..." Gertrude's voice was slimy, oozing with...wait, it wasn't anticipation. Not after tasting her more sincere tone. It just seemed to be.
She takes the step forward with you in toes, still held firm by her arm. The darkness cut ties with them as you walked deeper. In here, Gertrude's demeanor briefly took a more...annoyed tone. Your doubts are lifted as her subtle shift reveals the mimic of her oozing taste for torment. It was a false one, one that she grinned at with a brief wink of her eye in your way. She was aware that you caught on and flashed a smirk. She like that wit of yours. It was easier to catch it by now.
You were fine with playing the frightened little servant she'd pretend you were. This place had ample things to soak you into the role. Many...many things.
At the center and end of your pace, Gertrude stopped. She, and by extension, you stopped at the heart of cacophony. A sordid song of languishing and squealing, torment and corrupted bliss forced its way into your ears and touch. A twisted landscape of moaning and quivering swirled and placated in front, around, and behind you.
Beholden to your senses were the horrifying canvas of men in leashes, chains, shackles, and other restraining tools. Plastered on their bent backs lowered to the design of hunched servitude were the remnants of their armored suits. Their torn scrap of metal still clinging to their forms only barely flashed the insignias of wherever they used to be stationed before their ultimate failure in defense.
Wherever their armor was ripped off, their soft, lively flesh was exposed for the world to see. It and all the scars of blue hues that ran over it. Some, fresh and still singing in blue lights. Others, however, long dried and a deeper, dim blue. Demonic silver was their every culprit, replacing pain with pleasure and exhaustion.
They were paraded on leashes and shackles, hands and feet on the floor. The sound of rattling chains was everywhere. It was deafening both in sight and sound. It was frightening to behold, a nightmarish landscape of men long-stripped of their dignity.
"Look," Gertrude whispered, looking at the whole scenery. Her voice breathed in exhausted tones. This was not a mere annoyance to her, to see this decrepit display of abhorrent disregard to those who were to be their own "Take a good look at this lack of dignity parading in front of you."
The other dark elves paraded them as prized paragons. Every man here was beholden to one of them, a shambling, jubilating voice with barely any sentiency behind their everlasting glazed eyes shimmering on the women that held their leashes as goddesses. Every praise they dropped at their feet pushed them to further degrading acts of worship. Every scolding doubled their groveling, their begging, their pleas, and whining.
There was no sense of self-respect from these men who perpetually lounged at their heels, voices spilling jubilee, droning the same word over and over again 'Yes mistress!' 'Immediately, mistress!' and variations of those words in overly high pitches.
Gertrude's voice became the focus of your ears as she began to speak, a somewhat more downtrodden voice laced in pungent disgust and hushed in this typhoon of blights. This was what she was raised to commit, to usher the one that would eventually become her husband, her mate.
Your surprise also spilled to the outside world as you yet restrained yourself to a fierce jolt of shoulders. "Yes. This was what she taught me. This is what she expected of me. To lash and sunder you in never-ending pleasure and denial until your brain was fried enough to accept living only to my service. Nothing more, nothing less."
She was taught and trained to be cruel and insidious in her grace and presence. Yet, the warm touch between parents was never present, not unless he was ever beneath, denigrated.
Never the strong tone of a father, but the subservient pitch of a sycophant acted as the one responsible for her upbringing. And you were a witness to the process' end, its final dirge as the men who, once were filled with unruly spirits, were withered to this docile, submissive adorer of torment and abuse. Ushered into this so-called paragon of the best 'husband' a dark elf could ever wish for. A servant. A recipient for their frustration. A demonstration of their might. A display of their ability to 'tame' unruly warriors, knights, nobles, and others esteemed in high societies.
"Tsk...she tells me that it was the height of joy to have someone so subservient to her. Yet, every time I got a look at them both, it looked nothing like that. No, I was presented with a woman that was annoyed and a man who didn't know why. Listening to him constantly vomit his endless serenade of praise and lauding made me sick, and only deepened that sickness as I grew. I guess I got to loathe it before I got to taste it. Unlike my mother who was only truly and duly sick of this in later years.
Surprise prompted you to ask half of a question. Is that not what they wanted? Would she not be in joy to have a servant? Though it died in your throat as you watched still. They clear enjoyment of power over their 'mates'. This looked nothing like the regrets that haunted her mother. They enjoyed this, cajoled those men like they were soulmates.
"She thought she did. As they think they do. As I did. To utterly dominate someone lesser than you, put his defiant ass in his place, show him he is a worm and nothing more fills you with power. It sounds like the most fun thing to have. A toy to play with, constantly at your beck and call."
Gertrude's sighed "...and ONLY at your beck and call. You think it's fun until you have to literally tell them to do, well, anything. Constantly. Just because they become so dependent or afraid to offend you in their own action that they'll just stand and drool on the spot like dumbasses. And then there are the little things they can't or won't do, again, either too afraid or stupid to conceivably do. Talking about the most random of subjects, for example during a particularly boring moment, like patrol duty. Huddling together in small spots, sharing a meal, a drink, a cuddling session beneath the rain in the hollow stuck of a tree...an embrace...a kiss...anything that would allow sharing warmth, you can forget it. They're not like the ones our distant cousins usher in their homes...the ones we keep denigrating."
Cousins? "You mean that woman that briefly stopped at my cage?"
"Yes. You should listen to the amount of vitriol many of us whisper on their backs, constantly treating them like they're filthy leapers. Yet, envy inevitably strokes in the long run when looking at their servants. They always had this persisting sense of self that remained largely unchanged from when they were dragged out of their cages. Always some down-on-his-luck bastard tossed away like filth by his own kind. Sorry ones, at that, I'm sure you understand. Yet, they were the ones to laugh with them, idle with them, trust in them with their other business like family. Their servants are, instead, trusted to be nothing like mindless puppets."
"They are like us, looking to field someone under their heel...no, no. That woman that accosted you, she touted it more like having someone beneath their palm. In a gentler touch to uproot their someone. Someone who would...listen rather than obey like a mindless drone. A lover to be able to lean on, to cuddle with, to share with. A father to their daughters...whereas I would only have a groveling worm... as my mother did."
Gertrude stopped and listened. She watched as for a moment, she saw herself among them, a stretched-out grin boasting the cruelest of smiles...only to shake it away. Seeing out her father was made to act sickened her. Seeing one of the violet-haired women followed by the imposing, yet soft-spoken 'minion' made her envious. Seeing how she was acting towards you made her regretful.
"Getting a mindless drone to spew vacuous praises is not what I'd want. No, not now, not ever. Not anymore. Come, I just need to get a few things..." Without anymore, Gertrude places her hand on your shoulder once more and moves forward.
Closer and closer to the depth of this horrifying den, you are drawn to the counter among the everlasting displays. The howling and cackles duly surround you. Yet, the way Gertrude's arm clings to your shoulder promises seclusion from the rest.
Even as the one lounging behind the counter, eyes glaring as hauntingly possible could do little to truly sow fear in your heart sinewed in resolve. Still, you played along as a frightened, fearful lamb standing before one of the many butchers sharpening their tools. 
This one was a woman, taking every second to detail and describe every sharpened, jagged tool that fell in her hand while staring you down. Every detailed sensation of a stroke, the caress of a jagged sword, the edge of a spear, the penetration of a slender, lithe dagger made her speak in a cruel, sadistic chorus. They all mirrored the silver bonds of their metal, yet their shapes made it seem so otherwise.
It was unnerving to listen to, even with Gertrude right on your shoulder. This was made worse by her perpetual eyes never leaving you out of her eyesight. She relished the wince and hard gulps she pressured you under, only to add another note of relishing as she suggested a...test.  
Turning around, she began fetching something thick and coiled. A rope with a small keyhole at the end of it. Reaching for it, she asked only that Gertrude allowed her to...demonstrate...after using the steel-coiled rope to bind her sla--
...her focus briefly jolted out of control as Gertrude slammed her hand on the counter, a glint of desire twinkling in her eyes. There was a hefty mace sundered by sharp metal at its four sides. A seemingly mundane thing, but its lump of refined head was sure to sunder anyone struck by it. A perfect weapon, so she claimed, to 'make sure you wouldn't get any idea about fleeting'. With silver as its composition, the pain was virtually entirely deflected, but the withering of strength in a struck limb would offer equal terror to suffering.
Looking closer, however, her glint was more subtle irritation towards the merchant. Gertrude was already growing an affront at others that gazed at you like an unbruised piece of meat. She bought the weapon and dragged you outside, no words of farewell to the counter merchant who spent a time of leisure counting the fresh stack of pristine gold and silver.
---
The return to her lone tower came with rules. Not-so-new rules. The morning saw rings of gold bleeding into the land below as the many sequoia trees persisted in their wounding of the heavenly clouds. They bled their incandescent blood atop the edges of the highest trees, the visible part muffled by the everlasting clouds.
You were sat before another steaming plate, ready to flow in your gullet. Gertrude sat directly in front of you, a mirror to your morning meal "So...now that we can talk, I'm going to put down some ground rules."
"You mean about the cleaning of the tower? I already know them."
"No, no, not that damn thing. Forget about that for now, you're not a screw-up in that department. Not anymore at least. No, I mean about this..." Her finger drills its nails into the edge of her plate, sending a shrill pitch echoing from the round dish.
"Dishes?"
"Yes. I've spent enough time watching you lounge around like a zombie to truly get sick and tired of it. So, as per my repeating if you see a dish randomly just standing out, assume it is yours, got that? Stuff it down your gullet and make sure to chew! Dying of choking hazard would be an embarrassing epitaph."
You nod, no longer looking to skip out a meal. Not after slurping on the one of yesterday. You found that it also did much to slice weight off your weary joints and limbs. Although, that might simply be having something more than just bread filling the bottom up.
"Good." Gertrude slightly nodded, her outfit changed from the one she used to hold on to. As she was, you could claim that you were making a pair with the only blatant difference that her darkened outfit molded utterly to her body and no trace of metallic protection. Were you to be shameless as to stare into her buxom, curvy, peerless form, you'd see everything her body had to offer. Nothing left anything to the imagination. Much less yours.
"H-hey! What's with the shifting eyes? You shouldn't turn from people talking to you." Her voice snaps your view back to her, far too aware of its divergence. It was slightly shaky, yet her chest pounced on the table, smearing it as your eyes returned. 
It was not so easy to look at her for all of the more awkward reasons. Even with your best effort to gaze around her, her abrasive aura was no longer so bitter. The days, the weeks, the months even, made sure to thoroughly wipe it off, present it as less of violence in her tone and more of a lingering way of speech. A part of her.
In their place, there was Gertrude. As she wanted to present herself to you. A brash, coarse-toned elven with heart long-glazed in gild and mirroring appearance to boot. It was shimmering the more days you spent distant from the unfortunate first year barely remembering anything. And she made sure to give you ample, unadulterated details to every curving side to her as the most lasting change she introduced was to disavow the afternoon of your cleaning.
By the year, you have gotten proficient at rummaging the tower in less and less time. Even that accursed heater, ripe with choking coal dust was becoming less of a hassle to scrub and brush. More time gave you ample idle moments to do whatever.
But, this was but merely a bonus. A side effect to her true desire. To see you run in the vast, seemingly endless forest as far as you can and as quickly as you could. The outfit she adorned you in was to this design, to see your performance rise in its fibers...beside drafting you in her colors.
To see you run and to then hunt you down. Like she did twice before. Chasing you, mulling over your movement, your guile, your deceptive turnabouts enamored her drumming heart. For however short both the chases were, Gertrude felt every ounce of her body rattling. From the marrow of her bones to the hairless waxen of her skin, she felt exuberant and learned to crave more.
Hence, you went, under her tutelage, to become more efficient, more graceful. This exercise ran every ounce of will that wrang in your muscle fibers. You couldn't deny the rush that warmed your blood in those games, however. In it, you learned that this was to be a watchtower doubled as home. A place for her to intercept felons in the distant human kingdoms seeking an easy passage in like other towers you occasionally spotted. Intruders rarely ever made halfway through the Punctured Fronts.
And that was when she began to creep closer. Well, closer than usual. Every week saw you earn a few extra seconds. Every week made her raving, panting, both to a deeper degree. And every second earned returned in full force as her glistening, sweaty form started to cling into your equally run-down body. 
And still, in the winding down glimmer of the lights...in the ever-present clad of the grey clouds, the game persisted. Always, constantly to its inevitable conclusion: somewhere, somehow, through all of her guile, Gertrude would track your steps. Gertrude would latch into you, sending the both of your tumbling on the ground and pilfer the small bell snapped from your belt as the symbol of conclusions...after a rather lengthy wiggling of fingers to find that oddly tiny ringer.
The belt was secure on the back of your waist, thick in both ringing body and bead. To ring it was to usher all of one's finger strength. The gold it was tailored from was resistant to the scratches on your constant falls. Yet, frustratingly often, it eluded the winner's grasp as it swirled left and right, muffled by your backside and the grass it was being dug into.
Gertrude, oddly enough, had no qualm straddling your hips to let her hands run free behind, searching for that minuscule thing. Her face bore frustration, but, leaning closer, closer down, her eye, mere meters from yours, glinted at something else. An expectation that they pretended not to display as she eventually pulled off the hasty handkerchief tied to the bell. 
By then, she was already removed from you, seemingly unaware of your beating, drumming heart that merely pounded more fiercely at every moment like this. It felt like you missed an opportunity at something. 
The first time she fell to this...change, was a total surprise. To expect her to snag the belt as one of her traps saw your withered down bod trip over it...and instead, see her panting, unmasked face shimmer in the waning sunlight froze you in stupefaction. This was not the standard procedure. She earned the bell, earned the thrilling roar of triumph... 
...and ignored it. Her eyes burned with a light you were to this point, unaware of. Her grin was different as well, panting in hot, thick breaths, enough for white puffs to be visible. The bell, so gilded, so contrasted to your dark, sleek outfit was nowhere in her eyes. No, they locked with yours as her worming hands did with your fingers. As her thighs clung with your waist.
There was a fierce atmosphere settling down as Gertrude's upper half abruptly leaned down, pressing down on the many folds of textures of your outfit. She no longer merely straddled you, but downright laid atop of you.
Faint sweat dripped down her still ravenous panting. You could feel a drumming beat alongside your heart. Two drums beating in a chaotic tempest could only hope to be as fast as these. She was more than thrilled, her rampaging core was whispering of a woman falling in love.
Your voice breathed confusion above a body that felt the closing signs of intimacy. Before you could ask about her sudden behavior, you spotted but a flashing grin to the side of her smooth, faultless visage...
...and felt her smoother, softer lips pressing down on yours. Your attempt at speaking up merely gifted her the very moment to quell whatever inquiry you sought to convey.
There was a soft breath between it and the second, deeper locking of lips where you felt her hot breath coursing. It smelled of almond and tasted like milk and it. A tingling of faint sweetness persisted in your confused buds.
 Yet, by then, your voice was once more too late to spill out. Her hands were re-aligned behind your head and nape, granting her accuracy to this abrupt bout of intimacy as she pressed down, this time, with the full weight of a woman devoted to the embrace.
Every ounce of your senses quickly fell to the pull of her taste, her touch, her soft, quivering moans. Delicately trembling on your ears, her laborious gasps were each one, an anchor to pull you deeper, further.
Until you reciprocated, guided by instincts, perhaps, but overwhelmingly by nascent, fostered feelings. Her body jolted only very subtly by the introduction of your hands clinging to her waist, before eagerly welcoming them into its molding curves.
The hunt turned into a joust of craving lips blending together, sharing their warmth as tightly as your bodies did. Rustling the grass beneath your co-joined weight, you spent what felt like a blissful, vast eternity in a world distant from anyone and everyone else. Your coats made sure to veil you both in the forest's vast isolation.
Such as with everything, however, this lover's joust of tongues and lips had to end as the need to breathe took over. Gertrude reluctantly moved her storm-clad mouth away, her soft, docile pair away, quivering in the process.
Her previous pants were nothing to this exertion, spent with no regret per her snickering grin wider than before ~Took you damn long enough to get the memo!"
Gertrude momentarily lessened your ability to swallow large gulps of air, making your retort a slow one "Memo...? So...these...they were..."
"Yes! All of the time I wound up close like this was intentional! Why the hell do you think I went through the effort of shoving a belt on your backside?! Just to make my life harder?! All the times I caught you, pressing down on your chest like a damn maiden in heat with my damn fingers prodding and passively sweeping, taking the most amount of time 'searching' for this stupid thing and all you caught of this was I was fumbling?!"
"I mean--your hands--they were searching--I didn't think that--why like this? Why not tell me?"
"I did! Constantly! Were...were you not here when I talked of 'potential soulmates'?! When I mentioned that nobody could get their filthy mitts on you before I did! Or every time we brushed hands, the reluctance to split them away?! Hell, every time I 'searched' for this stupid belt that loved moving around, were you not here to feel my heart threatening to burst out of my ribcages?! I shouldn't have to spit it out like you're some numb and deaf dumbass! But, since we're at this point--"
Without reserves, Gertrude placates your head between her hands in their progress to your nape. The strength she previously did not wield briefly runs her fingers, amply raising you off the ground, her hips still joined to yours.
Unmasked and relieved of your hood, the sensation of her bare, soft, delicate chest pours into one half of your face as you feel the embrace of her cleavage just above her leather-boiled cuirass. Her hands swirl and cling still to the nape she just unearthed, turning their clasp into a hugging embrace as well.
~I do, alright? I...fucked up. The first year we started together...I fucked up bad. My upbringing, my blood, they coerced me into this horrid treatment of you. I hated how dead you looked, always trying to rouse any spirit from what I thought was a long-gone man. I didn't think that trying to make you angry, make you anything would merely make you afraid. Make you run away. My heart sank when I saw you trying so hard to get away like a battered animal. But now...~
Her arms tighten their embrace around your head. By then, you knew what words would spill from her delicate lips, heard them from...you weren't sure still. Maybe this 'soulmate' bit was more accurate than you thought ~...I do. A lot. It's...fun to get someone to just talk with about the stupidest things I could think of. Or watch your eyes get starlit at everything I display from monstrous realms afar. And slightly angry at those ungrateful fucks that once paraded as your governors. Having to bend almost every ounce of my elven body just to track and pounce on you in these forests...to feel this triumph on such an insignificant thing made me sure that I do. I love you, you dumb goof. Even that oblivious density of yours. I love all of you, you hear? Is that clear...enough...~
By then, your arms were tightly joined around her waist. Every word spoken exacerbated the legions of butterflies that fluttered in your stomach. Your head leaned deeper on her chest. Never mind the buxom breasts that tickled your 'other' senses, her heart was beating close to your ear, playing a rough, yet enamoring lullaby of confessions into it. It was music to your lobe, a warm one at that.
Gertrude giggled, her strong, coarse voice echoing through the Punctured Fronts ~I'll take this as a 'I love you too'.~ You did. The first year under her shackles made you out to become passive, ambient, only barely present. A botched attempt at fleeing mired her face in abject horror and bloated her stomach with regrets.
Her nurturing care back into the waking world made you reconsider, for what apathetic master or mistress would be so hands-on for prolonged recuperation? Her voice became much more docile as her way of speaking. Her deeds, her thoughts, they all seemed pressed to try and mend the wounds of the past.
To then, even go as far as to tailor you a suit adjacent to hers, veritable in the trust she fostered toward you, hoping it was reciprocated to then draw into a much-reversed following set of months change that horrid demeanor that was foaming at your stomach.
That sweet, palpable kiss in the glimmer of a waning day gave you her strongest word of sincerity. It spilled with foamed regrets and remorse, now fostering a hope that she could be forgiven.
Your answer came as it did before her hushed whisper: in the shape of a cradled visage deep in her bosom, treating it as an utmost soft pillow. The very last weeks to this moment made you crave a deeper bond as displayed through the lovers' accolade.
Her hands run through your scalp, caressing it with utmost care before her head then lowers atop of yours. In a time like this, she'd demand another round...
~Hey...are you fine with just...going back? I don't feel too much for sweating any more than this...I'd rather cuddle in...~ Tonight, not so much. Her hand in yours, Gertrude walked between the festering shadows of the dark back in the lone tower, at its exposed peak to the elements. Shadows quieter than the rustling grass amidst the winds, you both saw to watch the last glimmers of the sun fading from the trees puncturing the clouds in the heavens.
Usually a strong spot to glare down would-be trespassers, it also became the lonely spot where nuzzled close to each other, Gertrude would tell you of the distant lands behind you. Places of magic and wonder yet to fill your mind.
This, more than anything else, became another staple in your day. From the morning spent keeping up the maintenance of the tower, to the game of the afternoon, it always ended as that sweet first kiss shared. From excitement to affection, the winner leaped at you, throwing the belt away as she proceed to devour your lips like a starved harpy.
Not one to stand idle in her plump, soft pair, you'd return the apparel, making you just as eager to partake in her flavor, moving and rolling across the grass. This contest had no perceived winner nor loser, perhaps, save for the immediate land you were flattening in a lovers' 'quarrel'.
Its only end came with the need to breathe, what with you two literally glued to each other's lips and bodies. A fierce, gleaming grin stretched then from Gertrude, offering you a hand while licking still your imprint on her lips, clearly savoring the lingering taste.
It was no violent debate, but an affectionate spill of love and passion just barely spilling out to the shadowed world. Even as you returned to the somber, silent tower, you cuddled at the top, a hand around her hip, and her arms ringed around your nape.
All the while, she was also taking time off your usual maintenance to training you in arms. She expected that blissful time to come somewhat under duress. Somewhat...
---
That day came to much Gertrude's blatant annoyance as she stormed the basement where the heater...and you, coincidentally, were stationed "Hey, get dress, drop this infernal contraption, we're going out."
She came down midway through your monthly scrubbing of the surprisingly wide contraption, an irritating glare on her visage. Her panoply was of the one that glimmered in shadow light whenever she danced in movement, furthering the expanse of her blows.
"Anything wrong? Did I--" Her shaking head dismisses anything that may regard to wrongdoings on your end.
"No, no, it's not you. It's...remember when I told you that I may have to return to my duties? Like I did in your first year here?"
"Oh...now?"
"Now. And, if I've to believe the other sentries, we're going to have our hands full. Which is why I'm bringing you along."
"Oh? Really?"
Gertrude's scowling annoyance turns to a stretched-out grin "Why did you think I had that suit tailored to you? The hunt we do in the evening is just a game. No, with someone close, I won't need to make back-and-forth travels for supplies. That and, it makes for a less tedious time with another. Get suited up, we're moving in five."
You nod and drop the broom, leaving the accumulated dust on its edge to pile on the floor. You could always do that tomorrow. Right now, your mistress called. And like with the previous foremen that governed your working space, you weren't one to dismiss it.
She said five minutes, yet you were out among the trees in three. Your back was laden with a hefty bag full of assortments prevalent to one deep in the wandering of an impossibly vast woodland. Heavy, for sure, but, then this was what she trained you for. 
With the mistakes of the first year rectified, Gertrude prompted you up to be closer to her level, an aid that would provide anything she may need so far from the isolated tower. In this case, mugshots. A lot of mugshots. Wanted posts in uncharted segments that needed an update. Small outposts in other hidden places far from the wandering eye that needed stocking. But, most importantly...
...trespassers. The papers in your hands were often pilfered by Gertrude, her dagger-like ears twitching with the audition of a skulking ne'er-do-well...after neutralizing them. They, who thought could earn passages beneath the perpetually cloudy were besieged alone or in numbers by the lone dark elf in waxen skin, rent by the talons flickered to life by the snap of her fingers.
Their silver edges left azure scars on their throats, heads, bellies, and visages. Every strike that spilled from her jagged claws was a killing stroke...in a sense. The silver plating negated the rending of life, instead, drinking deep of their strength and stamina, rendering them powerless and defenseless.
Which was when you'd come, your outfit gently glowing like a layer of water concealed by darkness. Those with still the vigor to keep themselves awake despite the bleeding blue haze of their 'wounds' wondered why their assailant was suddenly talking to herself. Or why a paper was pilfered to life in her very hands.
They were the most numerous among her charges. Occasionally, you'd both bump into earnest refugees, people from a supposedly collapsed human kingdom in the distance seeking asylum elsewhere. As you run into them, they gradually dripped out the burning embers of an internal conflict among nobles. A conflict that spilled out of control.
These ones, Gertrude called for escorts through esoteric means. A quivering shard fixed on her ear shined briefly, with minutes passing before they'd come on horseback and carriages. The refugees were reasonably ragged and jagged, weak in limbs and spirits.
These were a rare lull. A grateful bunch seeing Gertrude the same way you came to look at her: a deliverance. It was soothing to witness. But, as much as those times were appreciated, you were more prone to the few pieces of her dark blood that she willingly unleashed on the more vile sort. Bandits, muggers, smugglers, and the other variants.
They suffered the more humiliating defeats at the hands of one lithe woman, mercilessly clawed and kicked, tossed, and flipped. Watching her so easily ground them, beat them despite their wasted attempt at numerical advantages was enticing to watch. Glamorous, even. This was the same guile she used when tracking you amidst the raid of your city. To see it weighted against nefarious lots looking to take advantage of a spilling dispute afar was nothing less of karmic. It was almost as sweet to the taste as her kisses...
The weeks' worth of waves of these sorts, however, cut deep in the games you enjoyed. So many ruffians thought to cross the Punctured Fronts under the guise of the night. Many more never saw the glimmering glint of her pouncing claws and hidden robes.
The only one that ever did was a sort of bandit 'lord'. The muggers you saw trying to sneak across the bramble and branches were rugged and makeshift, dressed in cheap gowns and leather. Their weapons cried out in neglect as the moonlight bathed their battered, chipped forms for all to see. They were rusted from hilt to tip, missing pieces here and here. And you could swear one of them wobbled in its hilt.
He, however, boasted a glimmering ax that was fashioned with enchanted runes. They were basic, but more than a mundane weapon still. Gertrude danced and swirled around their bruised arms, never close to being scratched by their rusted tips and edges.
Their hearts and necks were smeared with her rending claws, tossing them or dropping them on the spot without so much as a glance from her glare. It was focused on the shouting hooligan drawing his arm as high as he could. The blue light of his rune shined in the darkness, reaping a toll of dust as it came crashing down on her.
His bellowing shouts remained unhinged, overwhelmingly happy to see that she was in solitude. His meticulous plates cracked with anticipation, shining and whole. This ushered other bandits that lay in wait to slip out of their hiding spots. Dozens upon dozens of them unveiled themselves, the dull steel of their hands glowing in the moonlight. 
They could overwhelm her through pure attrition. They thought they could...
Their numbers began to rise in the darkness as silhouettes. Gertrude spotted them, but the 'lord' ran his searing hatchet down her claws "Oh, no, no, no, totes, you do not get to retreat so easily. My boys surround this little huddle of ours. It's just a matter of time..."
Gertrude was not worried. Her hidden grin was quite relaxed as she glanced in your distant way, strolling up one of the myriad branches. She told you to stand by and wait for a signal.
Now, clearing the dozen of men in their diluted gleaming steel and iron would be a non-challenge. Leaving a scratch on her, hardly possible. With the weaved outfit in enchantment, impossible. Yet, proverbially slaughtering this chorus of wretched bandits in their filthy dozens was an affair of the past, when running through the unchallenging mass of dull-witted and uncoordinated fools was a specter of labors. A constant, unrelenting wheel that ground in pristine irritant.
This labor, alone, was taxing in the long run, as boredom and annoyance both sieged her to the point of unintentional dulling of senses. But, this was before, decades before it returned with an additional, previously absent element that shined a glint in this pit of foolhardy robbers.
You, her close minion, her support. Someone on whom she could lean on, share with, and softly cuddle with. A pristine, scintillating handkerchief that put the luster back to her dour, lonely mind. In games, in talks, in love. One that, in turn, she polished, so that he could bear arms by her side. So that you could fight by her side. And right now, she sought that moment in that brief, split-second glance away from the self-titled 'bandit lord'.
The sound of their discordant weapons smudged most of the noise, a cacophony in their own right. Only a few were turned to the unseemly direction of a loud fall. A heavy branch, perhaps?
Those who did turn were more convinced that an animal might have collided with a tree. They strayed away, never to be seen. A concussive rattle, however, ran beneath the claws and ax. A quick, forceful sound of a slam only served to lure the closest of men who were privy to the sound of the forest. The faint, but panicked screams that preceded the thump placed their unwieldy hearts in a tight grip.
It wasn't long before they turned, curious about those who investigated this whack, never to return. Their steps moved away, muffled by grass and combat. The added chatter of their colleagues' weapons against Gertrude only intensified this.
They'd find the disturbing source of the noise as they lounged behind nearby trees. The marks of a forceful weapon scarring their bulks ended where the collapsed bodies of their comrades laid, sundered in fervent, oozing blue marks. Some were marked on the head, assuring an instant and sudden blackout. Others, more disturbingly, bore two or three of this gleaming azure hue, the bleeding of the secondary lifeforce that served as one's stamina.
They'd shout to the nearby men, only for the forest itself to seemingly drag them behind the trees where a blurred lump of metal pounced and slammed on their heads. Those who were marginally fast enough screamed in terror as their hand, striving to block the blow they only barely saw, exploded in a small, blue flight of dust. They were undamaged, but the mana that ran through them were bled out in this shower, leaving the fool to be blunted into an undisturbed sleep.
As Gertrude continued to 'entertain' this would-be leader, he undoubtedly noticed the bleeding of men festering through. His eyes only wandered out for the fairest of a second to see many falling to what felt like a ghost reaping them as it snuffed them out of sight, an unsighted predator.
Their muffled screams and the following violence of a veiled blow promptly turned his attention to it...only to be fiercely pounced back by Gertrude, a leering, haunting grin sealed by the cover of her mask "What's wrong? Seeing a ghost?"
His stare turned to rousing anger, strived to push back, only to feel an imposable wall that became of her strength. Her claws coiled and locked around his enchanted rune. It screamed in her grasp, its magic, unable to shatter the demonic weaving of its silver hue.
A kick set to bruise her ribcage and free his head-chopping companion. This was but partial success, his foot, not fast enough to imprint its boot on her stomach, but her hardened knee, more than enough for his weapon to slip through.
He brands it high, part of his idea being to rally those who did not fall to either her rending claws or the non-entity. Its main task was to bloat with strength before hacking down on the elven who only now recovered from the sliding push of his boot.
The glimmering ax falls down, zoning in on Gertrude...only to be hung midair. Before the synapses of the 'bandit lord' ran all the way to his mind, a voice rang to his ear. Yours.
"Over here."
The cloak that veiled your presence was dismantled, leaving you exposed, the mace Gertrude wrought from that frightening fortress, firmly in your hand, denying the head of his ax the mortal blow he could bring on her.
"!!" Your fist reinforced by a year of straining and drills claps with his haphazardly armored mask, smashing through it. The magic that runs through your outfit proves to be greater than his plated protector in defense and offense.
Pain sheds from the bandit lord as his body recoils backward, almost beyond the point of balance. It drips in gasps as much as the shattered metal piece, falling in pieces, revealing a face twisted in fleeting pain.
You recall the many instructions Gertrude weaved into your mind of the outfit's functions. Among the passive augments in strength, velocity, and others, esoteric functions were also uncovered, such as the ability to cloak in darkness, only unveiled through strenuous effort, a strong blow, or dispelling magic. Gertrude found the challenge of tracking you down in this slip from reality most entertainingly harried.
The bandit lord did not, his face, now split between affront and unease. The confidence that ran from his brown eyes was turned on its head. The blood that ran in his veins froze in a snap, realizing he was staring down the other one that scarred his men in blue hues in violent thumps. You didn't even give him the faint reassurance of their convalescing bodies in open display, a lesson learned through concealing your tracks beneath her preying guise.
The increasing fright was quite visible to both of you as his resolve fractured. His mind cried of murder in silence, never seeing nor hearing the wheezing grunts of his pack piled behind trees. He was the last one. He was next. Gertrude's harrowing grin festered behind her mask, so sharp that even he could see it.
Panic wrestled control from him, coaxing him into a flight-or-fight event. The former won out, knowing too well that Gertrude would have no qualm chaining her swipes with your blunt strikes. 'No matter', she said, claws pouncing and biting deep in his vigor. Great blue entry spots glowed from his back as the loss of motor control bid his fall.
Deprived of strength, he laid on the grass, defenseless. His waning eyesight, flipped to the side by her heel, saw only veiled figures approaching, shades in the darkness of the Punctured Fronts, giving life to folklore among ruffians. And then, his face on a piece of scripture, a wanted sign...
He and many more like him spilled into the vast woodlands, spreading throughout the ever-shrouded skies. By the scent of refugees trudging their salvage goods, they narrowly followed in their tracks. By the immensity of the Punctured Fronts, they sought to conceal their ill-gotten goods. 
Their tricks and techniques became more diverse and numerous. From diversions of parties running amok in order to conceal a stealthier pack to fire charges erupted in such girth that they brightened the surroundings, hoping it'd tie many hands in its extinguishing.
Gertrude and the occasional siblings that crossed your path, however, laughed at such primitive tactics. She, in particular, could do naught but sneer at their paltry attempts.
Time passed on and saw less of their insidious ilk try with its advance, thinned by the ongoing grind of their unrelenting failures. They were vast, seemingly endless, seemingly everywhere. Yet, their quantity could not translate as quality. Those of the marginal ilk of that 'bandit lord' was exceedingly rare. The rest were but fearful vermin before individuals like Gertrude.
Having you by her side only invigorated her prancing across their ranks, further, deeper filling the penitentiary cities bloated at the very edge of the woodlands. Many would receive visits of justice from lands afar, people, and laws they have wronged. Laws and authorities they may have once eloped, now returned in shame and shackles.
Among them, you stood, standing in heightened towers with other shades beneath a gleaming golden sky, looking down at the perpetual motion in the streets. It was a rare clearing of clouds, revealing the bleeding yellow of the afternoon. Papers and coins flowed as criminals were dragged back in lands interested in their judgments, never to step this far again.
The surprise was vast, but not of the existence of places like this, but of Shades of Noelle, the affix by which people outside of your colors called those drenched in dark. The year in Gertrude's service fed you drips of this pack of vigils and jailers, but, all were ashen like her. All were elven like she was.
Most surprisingly, like Gertrude, they all hailed a man like you, masked in darkness, and beholden to one of them. Standing in watch over the depletion of the batch of ne'er-do-wells, they mask themselves in vigilant stoicism, giving life to their unseemly reputation. Yet, they were close to one another. The dark elves saw fit to huddle close to their subordinates, almost shamelessly clinging to them behind an unchanged, placid visage.
Some ran their arms from behind their acolyte's neck, resting their noticeable bust atop their heads. Others, fist tight around their weapon of predilection, leaned their head close to their aid's shoulder, an arm wrapped around their waist. This one elicited a similar response.
The most informal of their numbers simply sat atop their underlings' nape, their remarkable lithe weight, giving little pause to those serving as thrones in motion. It was a somewhat surprising sight, even knowing the height they were stationed forbidding those of the streets to make them out in details.
Seeing your confusion, Gertrude simply shined your view with a graceful smile, giving you everything that needed to be said. The day would fall to the evening. The evening would leave in the dusk's wake. They would leave in someone's arm, the visages and expressions of a flustered maiden in earnest displays.
They left their rougher, more domineering ilk in the duty of vigilance. Somewhat distant from the rest of the fold, they let their gentler, softer demeanor bloom and cultivate. Like her, they wanted someone to huddle close to, sliding on their violent masks only to fall on those who would trespass or seek their blades on the helpless.
All of the vigils here turned away from the whips and lashes that would make their partners so fearful or make sycophants out of them. Either by experience or a visual demonstration, the idea no longer appealed to them.
Gertrude was somehow cursed by both, witnessing the onslaught of regrets that fell on so many of her siblings...and almost falling to its addictive clutches herself. Here, she discarded it convincingly from hands, instead, wrapping her arms around yours, beckoning back to the solitary domain that become the home of both.
---
The massive internment and expulsion of apprehended bandits back into the justice they eloped radiated beyond the hushed forests of the Punctured Fronts. Words of shades creeping about its bulks with seemingly supernatural senses gave even the most desperate of their ilk a pause to cross it. 
Those who did regardless disappeared from the face of the earth. Those who didn't were further dispelled from the attempt. This, alongside what sounded like the stabilizing of the borders that broken open in refugees and ne'er-do-wells, gave Gertrude leeway on her duties.
"Hey, come on! I'd rather not sit all copped on my ass here!" By extension, it gave her the chance to replenish supplies across the tower, depleted by the elongated excursions. So she said, dressed in the splendor of black and gold embroidery, the furthest outfit for a mere supply scouting. Her dress's darkness was second only to the darkness that revved across the Punctured Fronts, finding naught but the gold for light to shine on
Joined to her ashen skin tone, the robe further emphasizes her tenor as a woman chiseled in the night, a magnificence second only to a goddess of the night. She was breath-taking to behold, much more in the decorum of darkness...
"Are you seriously going to stand still with your jaw dislocated to the floor? Come on!" ...but it was also not her usual style of garments. It looked just so...revealing in its modesty, being tailored as a one-piece instead of many layers above one another. This was a dress to flaunt feminine beauty, which she had in ample supply.
Her voice preceded the sudden grasp on your arm, luring her minty scent close... "Come on! Yes, yes, I look like a moonlit beauty spoken of your kind in folklores of old! A majestic yaddi, yaddi yadda! Come on! Let's get a move on already!" ...and drags you outside of the tower that long became a surprising comfort as home.
Not that you were dressed in rags and patches by comparison. Your suit was of the same tailored obsidian as hers, taking on the silvery livery to her gold embroidery. This was not the sortie you expected today. While her words went in the direction of replenishment and refitting, her unusual impatience and yearning to kick the door out went in an altogether different way. Rest and recovery was the real idea behind it.
The dark elven dame leads you afar in a direction you've visited once before. The night was strong and wide, spreading on a sky through the gaps in clouds. Their moon rays, much like the sun's, bleed beautifully amidst them, sprinkling a beam of fluttering stars beneath and beyond.
Beyond the penitentiary city, there the Punctured Fronts persisted, only slightly compared to the vast range of land you and Gertrude patrolled. Only a sliver in comparison. Further behind, a marbled road laid in obsidian blue, one that few people from the realms of man before the sequoia trees ever ventured.
It is unspoiled by either your or Gertrude's steps, remaining as spotless as the day it was founded on the soil. Every step that heavily partook on it left nothing as much as a hint of their fleeting presence all the way to a venerable city of dark glamour and sight. Every roof, every building, every road, light, and otherwise was sundered in aspects of shadowy colors. The torches that flare up slightly at your arrival are violet in their brilliance. The hovering braziers suspended on a bowl are of a spiritual blue. The roads in the streets, fences, gates, and walls are marbled in darkness.
The innumerable buildings that made the entirety of this vast metropolis in the twilight are of grey, black, and shadow-themed lighting. They were as gentle as the night they were submerged in, populating the atmosphere with small, dim lights. Nothing was to disturb the peace and calm of the serene blanket that was the twilight. No light was too strong nor too bright.
You stopped midway to marvel at its immensity and majesty. Climbing up the hills to what looked like the high end of a crater, gigantic, massive pillars of shadow lights mirroring the violet hues further in flanked and surrounded the edge of the crater where the metropolis was stationed. It looked nothing less than the courts of royalty.
Looking at it from where you stood, it was like a city of magic. Gertrude, who never relented off your arm, mused at this starlit gaze shimmering from your eyes "Right...you never saw any of this before. I'm sure you're smart enough to realize this isn't really a 'supply run', right?"
The moment you realized what befitted your rather refined physique, it was clear as water. And yet, to see the scope of what she had brought you to...
The unnatural sensation of softness envelops your arm as Gertrude leans in, further sinking that arm of yours in her ample, richly elven bust. Her breath is as excited as it was ripe with impatience ~Come on...I'll paint you a picture later if you feel so compelled to stare at it. Let's go already!~
Without relenting, once again, she drags you down the steps into one of the myriad entrances into its glimmering, black stone bowels. Inside, a hundred and one variant women in a hundred and one variant of outfits populated your still awe-shocked eyes. Horns, hooves, fangs, fur, and wings, everything that you could ever conceive of myths and legends were displayed right in front of you. 
Monsters, in overwhelming numbers, wandered about the streets in open display. Every appendage of their monstrous bits was open for all to see, yet, none of the humans that seemed to make a living here were bothered. If anything, many were coiled with one. So many.
One thing that immediately hits you was the overwhelming amount of elven women in dark and ashen pigments straying about. Some of them, you'd recognize as the few you and Gertrude bumped into in patrols or joined expeditions. And many more you didn't. They almost seemed to be more numerous than the other types.
What was slightly less, yet still striking was their skin, their flesh. They all adorned the dark, deep grey, and concentrated pigments, not unlike the dark elves here. You would later learn of the city's name, the Coven Of The Night where shadow and moonlight were prevalent. It was, here, and in many other regions in this country, this continent. To the mass of individuals here, the night was a glimmering beauty, asking only for those beneath it to bathe in its twilight rays.
For their willingness, they would be adorned with its splendor and candor, its light, its might, it's magic. The lands themselves were soaked with the moon's presence. In turn, it painted those who lived here in its gentle, breezing colors.
But, this wasn't here nor there, Gertrude would eventually give you a tour of this continental yielded to the light of the night. For now, taking your arm yet again, she went about the lively tones of the Coven Of The Night. Yet, her step was oddly locked in a particular direction. Not towards the myriad shops, workshops, restaurants, or viewpoints that almost all played on the night theme that danced in the obsidian skies.
No, Gertrude brought you, of all places, into an inn. A veritable skyscraper of a building far beyond the 'best' of those you were forced to witness back at home for years. The small gardens coiling across their balconies already set it above the decrepit apartments.
And yet, its architecture was so much more than this. Playing on the gothic themes, the interior was akin to magnificent temples of old, crafted in stone and magic, guided by metal and advanced mechanisms.
It supposedly was a rather expensive spot for one to lounge in. So you thought, looking at the ornate surroundings, scenting the aromas, visually feasting on the plates that wandered in and out of what were individual rooms. You, being forced into the life of a skittering vermin on paltry bread and questionable water...
"Ah, miss Valomo, at last, you arrived." The voice of the receptionist tickles your ears. faster than your eyes shifted to a grey-clad woman affixed with curved horns and bat-like wings on her back, Gertrude was already standing before her...still dragging you around.
"How goes your ongoing chores?" She speaks with a suave, velvety voice on the cusp of seducing anyone. Were it not for the abundance of spellbound affixed to your dark elf lover, there was nothing to say that you wouldn't fall for a woman of her candor.
"Tedious. Although, with this goof here, much less than usual."
"Hmm, I expected something when you went and scheduled for a week...for two..." the succubus receptionist emphasizes the last two words with her gaze wormed into your eyes, lavishly spelling them out "I had hope that this latest expedition of yours would garner a lovely someone. Judging by the way you are attached to his arm..."
"Of course. And now, I'm locking my door and throwing the key away. Feel free to burn it for proverbial scrap."
"Hehe...of course, miss Valomo. As you have already paid for your suite, you need only to take the key. And your good is inside as well." The intern rattles a key of obsidian metal before hurling it in an arc into Gertrude's hand. It radiates with a dim, soft white light.
"Excellent. I appreciate that. Bye..." With no more, she walks, again, with your arm wrapped by hers.
"Try not to drain him too much, miss Valomo, I can see he's not experienced."
"Huh-uh..." Drain? Wait, what? Drain? What draining? Questions, ideas, thoughts began to bounce in your mind. What could the word possibly mean in this--
"And we're here." This thought process dims down as you are presented with the decor like nothing you have ever seen before. The architecture was no longer drawn from temples most esteemed but felt closer to the architecture of divinities, something one could see at a court of deities.
The walls, who still adorn themselves in obsidian marble now glowed between their non-existent cracks. The furniture is masqueraded in the same smooth colors, yet, from wooden origins. A fire crackling in spiritual hues warmed the room deep in the soul.
Plates full of delectable dishes, wine, water, and others awaited, garnished into the limit. The moonlight shined softly into the open balcony, flexing the pale white banners fixed at its frames, dancing with translucid light.
Walking into its edges, you became privy to the symphony of light and life playing into the view beyond and below. A true, portrait-like view fully soaked into you. The atmosphere fully soaked into your soul, opening your eyes into the shimmering world beyond.
It was just as then that Gertrude walked softly, her mind, pushed to a conspicuous bag as dark as the night. Darker than the walls. Her hand cusping yours resonated deep within you. Something from this innocuous act would prompt anyone to look away from the utmost portrait.
A fierce, fully-toothed grin gleams from her ashen, almond-flavored lips, a hand on your palm, and her other clutching a blue vial ~Got something for ya.~
"And what is it? I'm assuming it has to do with that strange thing you're carrying?"
"Very perceptive, are you?"
"Well, it feels...important." Having spent a year in her embrace, you were more than close enough to her to feel a sliver of her funneled in this bottle. In fact, it feels like...like her...
"Very perceptive. Then I trained you well beneath my hand. This bottle contains some of my concentrated mana. You could say that it holds a piece of my soul..."
What? "What? Your...soul?"
"Yes, a tiny piece diluted in concentrated mana. Well, my mana."
"Ok...but, what for? Why so willingly throw a part of yourself in a bottle?"
"For my soulmate. For you." What? Hold on...for you? What, why? What use would you have with what looked like leverage on her?
"I want you to know just how much you mean to me. When I spoke about this 'soulmate' speel, I meant it. Somewhere before going out to drain whatever backwater shit hole you were interned in, an odd feeling gnawed at me. For a while. A long one. Ever so softly, it was a feeling that I should...prepare to meet my...lifelong mate. It was a harrowing feeling, one that dribbled with warnings that I could miss that chance. So I did...with a lot of goading from my boss, Noelle. Well, our boss, now...tsk, she'd been hounding me about that since I've told her about it..."
"Is that why she's been, well, insistent on meeting?" Your mind flickers at the mention of 'Noelle', the one who started this escapade into the hollow Punctured Fronts. Those who tout themselves 'shades' among their bulks owed fealty to her name. And, somewhere in the interim between the second year into one of the towers flanking Gertrude as an aid, there was a letter dipped in parchment of obsidian flesh and letters wolven in the moonlight. Her name, her desire to lay eyes on the youngling that is claimed to have been the object of Gertrude's unmistakable sensation speckled in her bosom.
"Hmm, yes. Believe it or not, this is a thing she has been consistently insistent on. Always the one to push our bunch, newbies and veterans, into acting out on this sensation. A real soft matron if I've seen one, even compared to the ones masquerading in their distant violet hues..."
Somewhere. Sometime. Soon. For now, she stood before you, alone, still drawing on your palm. Her hand draws it into her other hand, opened, and freed for the vial to land upon. It was warm and lively, yet still and quiet like the night that travels the heavens. If there was any doubt as to the veracity of her claim, then, feeling like you were directly holding a sliver of her person completely dismantled it.
"Having you die at a one-tenth of my lifespan would be annoying...and an incomprehensibly harrowing experience to suffer. One which used to be a reality as humans have yet to figure out how to stretch their life expectancies."
"Ok...but, what does that have to do with--" You stop, your mind, slotting in that puzzle piece. Gertrude was an elf. These mythical entities are known to live for centuries, perhaps, millennia. And there it was, a portion of her fluid in a glimmering bottle. In your hands.
Her Gertrude's eyes, no shred of her usual, fierce character lingered. Her stern glare, her strong demeanor, commanding presence amidst the sequoia trees, gone. All gone.
In their place, a woman with a solemn desire, a yearning, an earnest want "I want to live with you. To..."
One year, you spent in abject misery. Beneath her heel. In a display of callous disregard. Then, she tried her hardest to remedy this, touting this disregard as a mixture of ill nurture and culture from extreme components dressed in crimson hairlines. None would blame you if you refused to believe her, remain coiled around your sundered heart.
One year later, amidst this city shining beneath the moon, in stones clad of obsidian resilience and moonlight in its flesh, you uncork the vial and empty its content down your throat. Her pending confession, her desire to live a long, bountiful life with you as her aid, her lover, her husband, were already transferred in the philter. How else does one make a poignant confession other than to share their elongated lifespan with another?
Gertrude stops midway as you siphon the texture, the mana so steep in her essence, binding you to her, and otherwise. Souls joined in unison as repeated throughout elven history far more than many would admit. Gradually, Your body would begin to acclimate to a surge in life, stretching further than it once thought possible.
It tasted of almond and sweet milk, definite proof of who this piece of essence belonged to. You were soulmates, bound in life and in the beyond. The last drop of the philter languished on your tongue, signaling the end of the ordeal, allowing you a fresh sight of the woman who held it before you. Surprise on her face was blatant. 
So willing to down it, she did not expect. Then bewilderment. To be able to see you so clearly now, a testament to the truth that you were bonded. And finally, joy. Unrelenting, overwhelming joy. A leap in your arms ~You idiotic goof!~ Tears in her eyes, her sudden leap flares your defensive instincts into a grapple, just quick enough to catch her in the fall.
~I wasn't finished with my sappy speel, you idiot!~
"I know. But, I also know what you'd have to tell me. Your vial said it all."
~Still! You'd think that...~ Her voice dies in choking jubilation, her agile body clinging on you like a spider, the sudden press jousting you away from the light of the balcony. The bed suffers the weight of two as your balance ultimately slips from beneath your soles, hurling you and her on it.
And still, the ashen elven clings on, silently weeping in overwhelming joy. Her body was akin to bundles of silk pressing down, warm in your equal, softer still.
With a hand reaching for her cheek, you eventually wring her close, enveloped in a hug, a firm embrace. Her heart beats strongly, about as much as yours, teeming with the tidal calm of her soul now along with it. Time briefly becomes irrelevant in this embrace savored, quietly enveloping the both of you.
It does, but returns as Gertrude raises her head from the torso she laid on, a different glint in her eye. A ravenous glint. A warm sensation pulsates in your body...a pulse that, oddly, seemed to be flushed down.
Her usual grin returns, yet, so different with the eyes that flash on her visage. By then, the idea of ignorance would be the most popular in your mind, tempted to see her starved glare as one for food. And yet, it was the shunned one among the specs of light, thrown aside by her softly thumping heart. Or rather, the way her finger was tracing across the suit of black and silver, expensively tailored to your body. A sliver of pressure fled from it, almost looking to tear it open.
~Hey...~ Her voice salivates as well, ripe with the desire to feast on this most sensual of banquets. Her hands reach down, meeting yours in earnest. Her grin simmers down, receded to a wide smirk, pulling you away from the bed she accidentally shoved your back onto.
As your frame shifts and lifts into a sitting on the edge, Gertrude lets go of one of your hands, taking the other by its wrist. Her free hand ran on a particular gem affixed on the heart of her nightly dress. It was an ocean blue oval, speckled by seemingly imperfect cuts that only amplified its shine, surrounded by a casket of gold seamlessly attached to it.
Her poking finger moves, hooking your gaze to its slender index, briefly blinded by the shimmered gem prone to its disintegration. Black dust composes the dress from head to toe. Like a figment of imagination, it dissipates, flying in a coven of shadow light.
Gertrude was revealed...utterly to your eyes. The body that visited many a dream in spite of your vehement denial was now bare, the only scrap of clothing being the leggings that clad her smooth, silvery, chiseled legs. The muscles that ran her supple, exceedingly nude flesh were blended into the femininity that her curves molded. She was toned, yes, but it was barely visible, none intruding in the sensual, provocative portrait that a perfect elven woman was worshiped for. 
You stood in silence, hushed wonder, unsure of where your eyes should lay. To her eyes, her expression throwing away her usual glare of confidence to one devoted in seduction, knowing how in her line of sight you were?
Maybe her lips? Those glistening, soft, almond-flavored sweet flesh that kissing was like drinking on a river of the most syrupy milk possible? Those same things parted in her smirk, tempting you fiercely?
Oh...maybe her body? The magnificent teats that shine in the moonlight, showered beneath a beam offered by the nearby balcony? Perked up, humbly large, larger than any of her outfits would suggest, trying to seduce your palms into tasting their supple, molding flesh? The gasp they could usher her in with the right squeeze, the right palp, the correct caress...
Or her waist? Her hips? Those joined duo dangling in place, occasionally shifting side intentionally? Yielding to their mistress's design, bare and smooth, enriched by her humble, yet adamantium muscles just outside of view, waiting on a challenge to make their presence known? How smoothly they run down her legs, seemingly eager to straddle strong, firm hips...
No...you were bonded, and thus, knew whereof all her immaculate nudity, she wanted you to stare, to witness. Her quivering, drooling nether region. That sweet, salivating, forbidden spot between her legs, currently dripping on the floor. No hair blocked your view of her unspoiled vaginal cavities, almost breathing in its aching. Gertrude's convinced stance betrayed just how eager she was to feel it impaled.
~Oh...someone is impressed by what he sees...~ Confusion briefly anoints your eyes. Only briefly, as the sensation of constriction on your pants stretches downward, poising them in an epiphany instead.
The realization widens as, looking down, a wide tent sprawled to attention, struggling to conceal your twitching erection. Shame shortly surges in, prompting your hand to cover it. Well...tries covering it. Gertrude still had your hand in her grasp.
~You dense goofball...~ Before the idea jolts through your free hand to hide the shame, Gertrude pulled on the other, the one already in her grasp. All of your senses stop, crashing against a wall of iron as the softest of cushions was thrust in the palm of your hand.
Your body knew immediately what that was, though your mind needed a direct sight. A line of sight into Gertrude's smirking, softly panting face. Both of her hands were laid gently into your arm and wrist, inviting it into the ample, palpable squeeze of her fleshy teat, thick and wide enough to fit on it and then some.
~Hah...trying to hide it like you fouled it up...while I'm openly dripping like a maiden in heat...seriously?~ Her voice is sweet and honey, not so much attempting to rebuke your stunt as it was seeking to open you up to her as she was to you. She was bare, nude save for the leggings that only emphasized her quivering cavity steeped in vaginal fluids.
Was she wrong? To expect such a strong reaction out of her display, pursued in envy by the countless rabble that many times thought they could glimpse at her from beneath? Even in the threat of silk-tearing blades?
Feeling her quiet, resonating soul calling sheds away what could have been a layer of density. Such a thing was not supposed to be considered when you rolled countless times, bodies clinging to each other in the darkness of the Punctured Fronts, jousting in affections and smooches.
~Haha...finally growing a spine, are we--~ Filled to the brim with cojoined desires to merge more intimately, you leap out of the seat of the bed, sealing those soft, palpable lips shut.
Her dexterous fingers find their way to your belt, fumbling somewhat as she was almost solely focused on latching on your tongue to dance with it, sealed from the world in joined lips. Moaning and gasping, Gertrude barely can clip the means to keep your pants on, also affixed with the peculiar gem of her dress.
It prompts a complete disappearance of your bottoms, granting you a more pungent skin-to-skin experience. This meshing of tongues and breaths also sees her poke the other gem that held the means to keep your top in existence. It fades away in magical dust, leaving you as nude as she is, saved only by the thin fabric of your pants...
...that she promptly tugs down. by then, she was utter, not merely, but utterly concentrated on trying to 'win' this tango of kisses, hands now firmly grasping the back of your head and upper back. Which was in parallel to your arms swarmed around her waist, pulling it as closely as possible.
The atmosphere around you becomes dense and hot, embroiled by the sweat of your bodies and the density of your gasping breaths. Kissing, gasping, grasping only fed the other into returning the feeling, which was an excuse for the former to double on their efforts to spread this throbbing affection.
The world around you drowns in darkness, your eyes solely locked on Gertrude's correspondent pair. The unusual slits that composed them mirrored the bottomless devotion only a soulmate could. 
This 'struggle' of sweat and heat brings you both on the bed with Gertrude gaining the advantage, falling atop of you, still clinging on. An advantage you wouldn't allow without a 'fight'. Motion churns to your side, twirling Gertrude on the bed without so much as an attempt to split, the one voiceless rule neither of you would try to break.
Surprise turns to a wince of eyes, a 'challenge accepted', with which she replies, spinning back on top, giggling between smooches. Like the many games of hunts, she lost herself in the aftermath, barely scraping the position on top in sweat and pants, never bothered with the notion of victory.
Here again, this glimmer of superiority was tossed outside her mind as she straddled your nude, heated body ripe in unbridled vitality. Only this time, with her palms clamped on your rugged, refined torso wreathed from the forest, her eyes glared on a much meatier prize.
Her drooling, aching snatch was currently hovering over your twitching rod, promising to be the most savory of meals. Its fluids were dripping directly on your bubbly cock, rattling with excitement at the prospect of duly, truly feasting on an elven body.
Her hand reaches down for it, seeking to withhold its excitement, a glint of thought passing on your mind. When you'd burst, it would be inside her. Every drip. To do so outside of her starved, salivating womb was forbidden, thus, the finger of her index posing at the tip, somewhat heavy, atop of it.
All the while her gaze beamed into yours, a salivating smirk dotting her licking lips, either from the frantic taste that you left on them...or at the prospect of devouring your mighty, meaty rod. You were sure it was both.
There were no words strong enough or clear enough to state that neither of you would be sleeping that night. Nothing to emphasize that she was going to ride it all night long, thoroughly making you intimate with her elven features.
The process after this was a blur. A blur at your surroundings, but a clarity of your deeds under the moonlight. You saw her supple, forbidden spot engulfing your throbbing rob, caking it in fluids, drenching it, soaking it. A faint glint of crimson leaked from the confines of her freshly deflowered snatch, rolling down your bloated cock. A glimpse of guilt traveled your eyes as the realization hit immediately.
Yet, her tongue culled whatever apology tried to flee from yours, sealing your lips with hers, hands on each side of your cheeks. There was no pain on her visage, only the faintest hint of discomfort dead as quickly as it spiked.
The night was spent with her strong, yet soft hips slamming down your shaft, wailing in a voice of silky delight. Every thrust that engulfed your meat pole ushered a trickle of spit from her vaginal confines as well as a high-pitched moan rolling from her trembling lips in an almond breath. 
Her eyes closed down, giving the taste and touch full control over the pleasure that chilled her spine in burning nerves. The glimmer of confidence that often armed her visage was gone, replaced by the first, and everlasting delight of a newly deflowered maiden, a demeanor never to leave her in this time of intense passion.
The flooding tide of pleasure that ushered her in cries also drowned your every sense in its depths. You were barely holding on to the fattening of your heated pork, already bloating with churning white seed. Gertrude was a virgin just a few minutes ago, yet, she seemed agile in disarming every piece of resistance you tried to mount.
Trying to ask her to slow down, to make your first time not as sudden and rapid only doubled her efforts in making you explode. Her voice was choked in gasps, unable to vocally push you further. Her soul, however, sought it, the physical bond that it and yours were joined in. Was it why she was so ruthless in trying to cause your discharge?
Time would nod at this eventually. But, for now, you lost to her pressing matters. A thrust and a second one overfilled your meat rod with a burning hot seed. Too much for it to hold on to, gushing in the pleasure of her squeezing cavity.
Strong heat burns in your loins as you discharge your rod, hosing her womb in its hot white filth. Gertrude's gasps mount in the highest pitch she could wield, crying out as the fan of her climax gushed out of her throat.
Her nethers coil around your hosing pole, squeezing every ounce of the boiling seed it could gulp, rewarding your yielding with more pleasurable squeezing. It was too much to even feign resist.
And yet, in this first surge of pleasure both physically, and affectionally, your fluid-stained erection remained gorged with blood and mass, poured on by the dripping seed that clung in her confines, holstered just above it.
Gertrude's starved pants disavowed the notion of this being enough, thus,   her fingers, caring nothing for the still warm juices running down your warm, twitching mass, holding it still beneath her lowering nethers.
This would play out again. And again. And again. Even after the third time, it refused to wither in flaccidity, giving worth to the radical make-up in your meals and chase games, making you a worthy opponent both in hunts and beneath the sheets.
A delight for Gertrude, subtly shifting position into the other half of the night. Beneath the sheets, welcoming you still, moaning as her legs clung to both sides of your hips, your bodies mesh together albeit in a slower momentum. The furious rush of the first-hand experience had passed and gone.
Now was time for the affectionate half to take over, making every movement a slow, deliberate one. Slow thrusts pulse at the entrance of her wet, moist womb. Legs quietly rattle at the tip of your 'head' knocked at her utmost precious entrance. Quiet, hushed gasps thicken the air between your lovestruck eyes.
Her arms firmly clad behind your head and upper back, locking your gaze into hers, witness to a visage none others would ever be gifted to. Every time you were close to the bursting point, her instincts would draw you close, allowing her chin on your shoulder, and lips close to your lobe.
This discharge and the subsequent ones were quieter, hushed in sealed lips and a tightening of her fingers. What her moans could not offer, her body displayed in shudders, unable to hide the immeasurable pleasure spreading from head to toe.
The rest of the night was spent in this quiet, humble, heartfelt lovemaking, never even emptying the gourmet trays that the room came with.
---
The day came with a sliver of golden light on the balcony. It came to its frame devoid of a door, on the window, nowhere near the bed where you slept. Yesterday's fervor only was satiated within the last few hours of the night, no more than three, likely less than two.
Yet, it felt like you had a full eight hours to doze off, the only soreness that awoke as well already fleeting. The torches that lit the room in soft white blazes were down, snuffed out by the light of the day.
The sheets held your still heated body away from the rest of the world in its own pocket. Most of it, however, was covered by the warmth of the still sleeping Gertrude, shamelessly smeared over your torso. Her breasts were squashed, the weight of her slumber make them feel like two heavy pillows rested idle about you.
Just a head lower than yours, she slept with a visage in peace, returned to the familiar glint of self-assurance that perfumed her demeanor. A slight lessening to this portrait, however, was her parted lips softly breathing still with the aftermath of a maiden no longer.
Reaching out for her cheek instinctively induced a faint grin on her face...followed by her slow awakening ~Hmm?~
Her eyes quickly dispel the slow widening as well as the rest of her. Hair so often held in order, even in combat, was somewhat unkempt, untamed in the brushing of sleep. And it did nothing to diminish her unrelenting loveliness ~Hey...woke up early today, hmm?~
"I guess I did."
"I figured..." You feel her body stretch slightly below the sheet before returning above yours, hands more intentionally idle next to her still squished mammaries. Seeing her gazing so lovingly back to you would have likely sported a strong reaction in your loins had she not made due on her promise. There was nothing left to wring dry.
"...then again, it is slightly surprising. You usually don't wake up earlier than me."
"Well, this isn't exactly a usual occurrence."
A smile on her lips "Hmm, you're right. Well then, I don't think I need to tell you I had a spitting good time yesterday, right?"
"I hoped it was. I'm not exactly an expert at this."
"Yea? Well, Neither was I. We're both in the same boat, goofball. Even if you had slacked, who cares? We have a long time to rectify that."
"That's a relief, miss."
"Good..." Gertrude's body crawls forward, closer, hands around each side of your head, only to cradle beneath your neck "...because, that lump of flesh between your legs? I'm going to wring it dry every time I can. Every night we can, we'll join and copulate like animals in heat. This means that you no longer go sleeping in the guest's room, but mine. The hot, sticky stuffing inside is more than delicious to boot, too much for me to ignore now."
"I wouldn't mind that at all...dear."
~Good...good, I thought it would arrange you...~ Her head turns back to lay on your chest, laying in quiet breathing, nuzzling with quiet sighs of contentment.
"So, what are we supposed to do today?"
"Well, it's our week off and I got us this room for this period. We fuck around in this city, explore, eat, sightsee, whatever there is to do. Those fuckers at that ramshackle of a city you lived in didn't show squat except for monuments to their self-aggrandizement. So, I'll show you around, make it less awkward when we inevitably start bumping into other monsters."
"That sounds great, dear."
"Of course, it would. All the others tell me their aids are much less morose now that they get to see something than bland, drab gray walls...later."
"Hmm?"
"Later. We go look around later. In case you're not aware, you did quite a bit of 'damage' down low. A bit more than I'm willing to admit."
"Ohh! Ohh...right, sor--
"No, don't go spitting an apology for something that doesn't need one. That one was going to happen one day or another. Getting cold feet if I had told you...that would have pissed me off! This? This is nothing. A meager cost. Don't fret about it."
"Right...right..." Your hand wraps around her lithe waist as she pushes one last sigh before silence returned to the room. Both your eyes gazed at the horizon, the sky littered with clouds, the beams of light that peered through, the landscape of obsidian that formed this metropolis. Even in the element opposite to it, the place was a magnificence to behold.
Almost like Gertrude's, returned to a lighter shade of sleep, peacefully snoring through the passage of dawn to the day. How she came to find you of all people in a place that disavowed those of meager status wasn't exactly sure. You thought yourself damned when the violet-haired one had seemingly lost to her.
Now, gratitude warmed your chest the same way she did, the one you thought would make a mule out of. Centuries were now hers to make that mistake of a first-year nothing but that...a poor first impression...