
    Chapter Text
    Caleb stared up at the stonework building before him and tried to remember the sight of sunshine. It had been more than a month since he had been able to escape his duties and travel to somewhere that wasn't under constant cover of night. Between endless war meetings and his own experiments—perhaps not quite as endless, but he always seemed to lose himself in them—the very idea of leaving Rosohna for sunnier climes had escaped him.

  Not to mention, too, the amount of security and forethought his jaunts always required. Before, in the early days, he had had to take along two bodyguards, both to keep him safe and ensure he wasn't playing double agent with the Empire after his perilous escape. Now he was one of the most entrusted officials on the Bright Queen's council, and all the concern about his movements was his own. Absently he pressed a hand to his chest, just above the heart, where his amulet sat heavy and solid against his skin. It had been a point of contention with the Dynasty in those early days too, that he couldn't be scryed upon. But those complaints had dwindled quickly when he had elucidated on what the Empire was capable of, and who was potentially chasing him.

  All this came to Caleb in a flood, and he felt askance at the fact that the slightest hint of Empire aesthetics could awaken this degree of nostalgia in him. He didn't do anything as undignified as shake his head to clear his thoughts, but he did feel unusually glad to be rid of them as he heard the footsteps of an approaching person behind him. Turning to see who it was, Caleb dipped his head politely at the figure of Lord Biylan while he approached, coming to a stop beside Caleb and looking up at the enormous tree and its accompanying lights. Above them, the lavender glow of the Dancing Lights bobbed in and out of the towering tree's branches, where the firbolg and tiefling were bustling about. Caleb braced himself, already stowing his darkvision glasses as he turned to face Lord Biylan.

  "Are they yours, then?" Biylan asked, nodding towards the dual clerics, and Caleb had been expecting the question—or, at least, something similar—but it still rankled.

  "They are under the care of Den Thelyss, yes," Caleb replied flatly. When Biylan tipped his head to give Caleb a look, he relented. "Only one is Empire. The human. The others are coastal, I believe. Another is from the Wastes, actually."

  "Staying long, are they?" Biylan continued, and Caleb wondered if he would have acquiesced so willingly to his role as overseer of the Mighty Nein if he had known it came with having to explain their very existence to prying neigbours.

  "It is the Bright Queen's wish that they be welcomed here as long as they intend to stay." Caleb rattled off. And then, because he had grown to like Biylan over the years, in a distant kind of way, added, "They are adventurers, though. So they'll likely be gone much of the time."

  "The tree will stay, though?" Biylan squinted up at the offending plant.

  "You're more than welcome to lodge a complaint with the Aurora's Watch," Caleb assured him. "If it's too bright or disruptive."

  "Hm," Biylan turned to Caleb fully now, likely more because of eyestrain than anything else. "And is what they say true, then?"

  "What who says?" Caleb asked, and found that a decade of politicking had surely prepared him for the inflection of curiousity that he wove through his words.

  "That the drow is really him," Biylan looked genuinely curious. "Essek of No Den."

  Caleb hesitated for only a second. He had prepared himself for this moment ever since Essek had stepped into the Bright Queen's throne room and pulled a Beacon from a bloodied haversack. The news of his triumphant return had been kept from the population as much as possible, but Biylan was well-connected and one of the largest gossips that Caleb knew. If he confirmed the drow's belief, the news would surely spread like wildfire, and the Nein would have to react accordingly.

  "The prodigal son has, indeed, returned," Caleb replied, ensuring he pitched his voice low, in a hushed whisper. He narrowed his eyes. "But be sure not to share that around. I'm not sure how the rest of my Den would react."

  "Of course," Biylan dipped his head briskly, eyes wide and shining, and Caleb only just suppressed a smile. Let Essek of No Den deal with the inevitable fallout, and let Rosohna react honestly to his return. "Is that them now, then?"

  Caleb turned and saw, indeed, the small crowd of ragtag adventurers that had wormed their way so effortlessly into Caleb's every move. The barbarian was at the front, speaking in low tones to the goblin at her side, while the rest seemed clustered roughly behind the pair. Immediately, and without conscious thought, Caleb's eyes sought out Essek, finding only the edges of him behind Yasha. Caleb watched them for a beat longer than was proper before turning back to Biylan. The drow had seemingly thrown decency to the wind, and was openly gawping at the sight of the adventurers. Caleb coughed politely. "Lord Biylan, I must speak with the Mighty Nein before they retire, if you do not mind continuing on with your day. I'm sure you have more to do than converse with me."

  Biylan looked back at Caleb. "I suppose. Is Essek also staying in this house with the others? Or will he be returning to the Umavi?"

  "That is something you would do best to ask him, I'm afraid," Caleb replied easily, though he was growing increasingly impatient at being caught gossiping in front of the Mighty Nein's abode. "Another time, though."

  "Yes," Biylan had a thoughtful glint in his eye. "We are neighbours, after all."

  "Indeed," Caleb finished firmly, and watched Biylan until the drow inclined his head with a murmured, "Light be with you," that Caleb returned. Biylan returned to his own home, and as he closed his front door, Caleb pivoted back and came face to face with the Mighty Nein.

  "Ah," he said, plastering on a bright smile. "Hello. I hope you're all well. I wished to check in with you and ensure you found your accommodations adequate."

  It was the Empire human who shouldered her way to the front, stepping in front of the others with a swagger that Caleb didn't quite envy, but that he thought would certainly have made his life just a bit easier, all told. Beauregard gave him a once-over, and Caleb bristled internally at how her gaze always seemed to scan him and come up wanting. "Yeah, they're good. Thanks."

  "We appreciate all that you've done," the half-orc cut in, and Caleb turned towards Fjord, allowing his gaze to flick back to the half-obscured form of Essek behind Yasha.

  "Of course," Caleb said evenly, looking back at Fjord. "Den Thelyss wished to thank you directly with what we have. It is paltry, perhaps, but your welcome is important to us. We are invested in our allies, and wouldn't want to see you kept in an inn for the duration of your time in Rosohna."

  "We mostly stay at inns," Beauregard cut in.

  Caleb dipped his head in acknowledgement, returning her gaze with as much intensity. "Of course. I meant no slight against your way of life, simply that having a house—I would not presume to call it home on your behalf—is kinder than the anonymity of an inn. Respite is respite, but one is surely better than the other?"

  "You need not die on this hill, Beauregard." From behind Yasha still, Essek lifted his hand as if to press at Beauregard's shoulder, but drew it back quickly and folded it across his chest, quieting once more.

  Beauregard's eyes never left Caleb's. "And where's your home, then?"

  "Rosohna," Caleb replied, ironclad. It had taken years for him to say that with ease, often stumbling over an explanation of himself as Zemnian, or having been Empire-raised. That was before he had realised what others were truly asking when they scanned his form and bit out the question. And so he held his head high now, and spoke the words without hesitation. "With Den Thelyss, where I was always meant to be."

  "But from the Empire originally, right?" Beauregard continued her appraisal.

  Caleb felt his jaw clench. "I am from here. I serve my people here, and where I was born has no bearing on either of those facts."

  "Beauregard," this time Essek did step forward, and Caleb watched as Beauregard stood down, moving back and rescinding her place to the drow as he took hers. He made to move past Caleb, but stopped just shy of passing him. "We will not bother you any longer, Shadowhand."

  "It is no bother," Caleb had grown used to such questions, though perhaps not from Empire-born humans.

  Essek smiled then, and in the back of Caleb's mind, in a part long hidden away and kept from himself, he realised that the drow was handsome when he smiled. And when he didn't, but that was perhaps stepping too far. He straightened in place, fixing Caleb with a brightness that felt a touch too obvious. "Actually, a question for you."

  "Of course. I am at your disposal."

  "Perfect," Essek's eyes shone. "Now that we are settled and planning to stay for some time, I wished to do some more reading and learning of my own. Specifically, I wanted to learn more of Empire magic, and that form of casting."

  "You haven't learned Empire magic in your travels?" Caleb frowned, giving their group an obvious once-over.

  "Unfortunately, everything I have learned is self-taught." Essek said the words so casually, but seemed to be aware of how impressive they were, the glint of his eyes shining brighter as he spoke. "I've found or purchased a few paltry scrolls here and there from the Empire, but the theory is missing. And I wondered if you could help me to fill in those gaps."

  "Why me?" Caleb tried not to let that same thread of iron wind its way into his voice, but he couldn't help the way his hackles rose at the question.

  Essek sobered, bright eyes turning open and honest. Caleb knew it to be a ruse, but let himself be drawn in regardless. It would be more interesting to learn what the drow wanted than to turn him away so quickly. "I do not mean offense, but you are human. We do not have many humans in Rosohna, and your accent betrays where you grew up. I can imagine that such a skilled arcane practitioner as yourself would have, at the very least, learned the groundwork of such magics in their youth."

  Caleb noted the 'we' in Essek's words and wondered if it was intentional. His violet eyes were still wide and clear, waiting for Caleb's answer. "I did, yes. And that is what you wish? To learn the rudimentary elements of Empire magic?"

  "To learn the building blocks of whatever field you grew up on," Essek smiled again, and had Caleb seen the sun recently, perhaps he would have compared the two. "Whatever that discipline may be."

  "Hm," he felt strangely caught off-guard, unsure what to make of the request. It wasn't disallowed, nor was it all that strange or monumental. He wondered at the reason behind it. "I'll have to think on this. I apologize that I cannot give you a better answer, but my skills in that discipline are rusty. I am much more practiced in dunamancy."

  "As am I," Essek's smile held as he looked over his shoulder at the rest of the group. "Well, shall we? I'm famished."

  Caleb took a step back to let the group pass, and they filed into the house, chattering to each other in their strange, eclectic accents. Only Essek stayed, briefly turning to look back at Caleb. "My thanks again, Shadowhand."

  "You may call me Caleb, if you wish."

  "I could." Essek watched him for a moment, and he seemed truly unguarded for a brief second, the slightest of frowns marring his face as he spoke, his voice sharper than it had been. "But we have our titles for a reason."

  "Indeed."

  Essek nodded once, curtly, and then turned and followed his friends into the house, the door shutting behind them with a thump. Caleb turned to make his way out of the district, and couldn't help but feel that he had missed something.

⬡
  Essek was, Caleb was finding quickly, nothing if not tenacious. Not even a day had passed before the drow caught him alone again. The Nein had only just spoken to the Bright Queen, and Caleb was feeling at odds by the mention of scourgers, his mind a whirl of shifting battle plans and repressed history that was coming back with a vengeance.

  He stepped into one of the many adjoining antechambers off to the side of the throne room, closing the door absently behind him as he slowly decompressed in the empty room. It was usually used as the less formal waiting room for attendees to court, windowless and barren of furniture as it was. And for Caleb's purposes, it would certainly do. He pressed a hand to the wall, allowing himself to stare into the middle distance for a brief countdown as he slowly unwound.

  Zehn, neun, acht...

  He thought he heard the sound of someone at the door, and forced himself to ignore it. Images of Astrid and Eadwulf sparked through his mind, clear even years later.

  
    Sieben, sechs, fünf...
  

  Behind him, the Arcane Lock was dispelled, and Caleb felt himself tense even while his mind still raced with images of flickering flame extinguished by shadow.

  
    Viere, drei, zwei...
  

  The door closed softly behind the person, and Caleb allowed himself to drift back to those same words that had carried him through so much. No more lost children. No more left behind on either side.

  
    Eins.
  

  He turned around, and saw Essek of No Den standing before him, looking thoughtful. There was a beat where Caleb was sure he wasn't wearing the face of the Shadowhand, a second of slippage that went on far longer than he would have wanted. In a fit of petulance, he wanted to let Essek see that culminating hatred in his eyes, the same one that had crystallized into the drive that forced him to ever keep his eyes on the light at the end of the tunnel. But then it was over and he straightened in place, pulling his arm from the wall. "Yes?"

  "I—" Essek hesitated, and Caleb thought he saw a crack in the drow's expression as well. Good. It replaced them on equal footing. Essek looked down and when he looked back up, he was smiling evenly, sheepishly. Caleb ignored the look for the falsehood he knew it to be. "I apologize. In all honesty, I assumed this room would be unoccupied after such a meeting. I knew of it from years back, and wished to take a moment to collect my thoughts. I see we had the same idea."

  "I was looking for privacy to Send a message to one of my colleagues," Caleb replied, raising an impetuous eyebrow at Essek. "I merely needed a moment to sort out what to say in so few words."

  "Ah," Essek's smile split into a wide, private grin. "Yes, I know a little of what you speak of."

  "Mm."

  "I digress," he glanced about the empty space. "It has not changed."

  "An antechamber alongside the throne room?" Caleb couldn't help the skepticism that crept into his voice.

  Essek laughed. "No! Well," he looked back at Caleb. "Yes. But I mean more the Dynasty."

  Caleb said nothing, watching Essek as the drow cast his eyes about the room, strangely fixated on the moulding that decorated the room's corners. "I know you believe you have joined the side of good in this war of attrition, but you will forgive me if my past leaves me not as convinced."

  Caleb remained silent, and did not say that Essek was presuming much of him. He absolutely did not add that he did not believe he was on the side of good, and certainly didn't even think to himself that what he believed was good would have been far from this place and its cover of dark sky, where the sun was secondary to a thousand smaller stars.

  Essek, seeming to recognize that Caleb wasn't about to speak, pressed on. He looked back at Caleb. "I wanted to apologize, now that I've caught you. For yesterday."

  "Oh?"

  "Yes." There was that smile again. "It was presumptuous of me to ask you for teaching. I assume you do some already at the Marble Tomes, and I can't expect such an education when I am not a student."

  Caleb frowned, watching Essek carefully. He seemed genuine, even shy as he spoke, which threw Caleb even more. "You must know that they would not let me teach."

  Essek blinked, his brow furrowing ever so slightly at Caleb's words. The smile slipped, dipping briefly into a tight anger that he hid just as fast. "Ah. Of course. How utopian of me to believe otherwise."

  "It leaves me with more time for my own research," Caleb replied stiffly.

  Essek tipped his head in wry acknowledgement. "You need not defend the Dynasty here, though your steadfast nationalism does you well. I apologize for overstepping again. I meant to say only that I truly do not expect more from you than basics. I think I can extrapolate and build from them, but alas, I must learn them first."

  "So you wish to make a teacher of me regardless."

  Essek grinned. "Something like that."

  Caleb shook his head. "I must say then, while it is in my nature to work in shadows and deception, I was not being purposely evasive yesterday. It truly has been over a decade since I worked with such magics, and I have since grown and changed my own perception of them. So. Teaching the basics may be more difficult than you anticipate for me."

  "I appreciate the candor." Essek shifted, leaning back against the wall and appraising Caleb thoughtfully. Caleb found that he was growing sick of these strange people always staring at him as if under a glass. Essek continued. "I admit, I thought the worst of you. Our kind, ah. We are a private people. Not overly good at sharing magic."

  "Well," Caleb began thoughtfully. "I cannot always fault them. But we digress. In this matter I assure you I will do my utmost to be straight with you if I can help or not."

  "Oh?" Essek dragged his eyes languidly over Caleb once more, meeting his eyes. "Are you straight with most people?"

  Caleb narrowed his eyes. "Rarely."

  And Essek had the gall to laugh at that, pushing up off the wall and making for the door. He pulled it open easily, casting a look over his shoulder. "We'll be back soon. In the meantime, think on this. I maintain that you'd make an excellent teacher, and the Dynasty is foolish to not recognize it."

  He closed the door as he left, a small blessing, though he neglected to lock it. After, Caleb allowed himself a whole minute more before he straightened, adjusted his mantle, and stepped back into the throne room.

  ⬡

  When they returned, it was without Yasha.

  Caleb heard the news from Uraya, who alerted him when the Nein had arrived. They hovered in his doorway as he adjusted his mantle, looking uncharacteristically hesitant. He didn't look up when he addressed them. "Yes?"

  "The, hm, the Mighty Nein also seem to be missing one of their number."

  "Oh?" Caleb glanced up at that, interest piqued.

  "The Xhorhassian." For a moment, Caleb could have sworn his breath stopped. "The barbarian woman. From the Wastes."

  "Ah," he straightened, trying not to look as unsettled as he was. "Any word on her whereabouts?"

  "Last seen in Bazzoxan with the rest," Uraya shook their head.

  "Very well," Caleb nodded brusquely, a sign that they could leave. They did with a quick bow, and Caleb reached back, smoothing at his low ponytail, tied back as it always was in that same deep purple ribbon. And then he stepped from his offices and made for the Mighty Nein's abode.

  The trek felt longer than it actually was, and more than once he nervously slipped into an alley to pluck the large tome from his Wristpocket, if only to ensure that it was still there, still safe. When he arrived at their mansion, he felt something kick in the centre of his chest as he remembered that the light their newly-decorated home shed was just bright enough that he didn't have to wear his glasses. It was strange, to see the Rosohna streets in colour, and he cast his eyes about the area in wonder before settling back into the familiarity of his Shadowhand persona and stepping up to the door.

  It chimed gently as it opened, and he saw Beauregard. She looked hale but harrowed, her face paler than usual and lined with exhaustion. She was often unguarded in her expressiveness, but now seemed moreso as her face crumpled when she realised who was at the door, frowning powerfully at him. "Oh. It's you."

  "Yes," Caleb hesitated, and wondered what might be considered overstepping. "I heard about your loss and thought I might come to check in."

  "Really?" Beauregard narrowed her eyes. "How did you hear about Yasha?"

  "Ah, Uraya. My second, they informed me."

  "So you weren't like, scrying when she was taken or something?" Beauregard's eyes were flint.

  "No," Caleb paused, and said as honestly as he could, "Otherwise I would have tried to do something."

  "Uh huh." Beauregard didn't move for a long moment, appraising Caleb yet again. Then, almost unexpectedly, she stepped back and waved her hand behind her. "You wanna come in?"

  "Thank you," Caleb stepped inside as Beauregard slammed the door behind him.

  She moved toward the stairs, bellowing, "Yo, Caleb's here!" Then, glancing behind her at Caleb, she frowned and corrected herself. "The Shadow—! ...Whatever."

  Caleb hovered awkwardly in the doorway as Beauregard made to descend into the basement. She had gotten halfway before she looked back up at him, face still pinched. "Essek'll probably be around. See you."

  And then she was gone, and Caleb had just enough time to wonder if this was such a good idea, feeling weighed down by the heaviness of the emotion in the house, when he saw Fjord descending the stairs. The half-orc cast a quick glance about the space and, when he realized Beauregard had left, stepped past Caleb with a polite smile. "Here, the dining room is more comfortable."

  Caleb didn't mention that he knew this mansion and had personally attended to its decoration, instead following the half-orc into the next room where Fjord dropped into a seat across the table from Caleb. He gestured to the seat opposite and Caleb sat hesitantly, watching the other man with caution. "How are you?"

  "Ahh," Fjord shook his head. He glanced away from Caleb, upwards, to the other rooms. "Not as bad as some of the others."

  "I can imagine," Caleb offered, though he wasn't entirely sure if he could.

  Fjord eyed him, seeming to clock Caleb's show of empathy for the deception it was. "I mean no offense Shadowhand, but you seem a man of direct action. While I appreciate your stopping by, I'd wager that you might have other reasons for coming here?"

  "Yes," he had been caught out, and didn't plan on hiding it. "I actually wished to speak with Essek, if he was available."

  "Of course," Fjord muttered, half to himself. He gave Caleb a sheepish look. "I'm afraid between the two of them, Beau and Essek are, ah, the ones most affected by what happened."

  "I can come back another time—" Caleb began, and Fjord waved his hand.

  "No, no, I think he's fine, it's just," he frowned down at the deep purple of the table, looking suddenly world-weary. "He was really close with Yasha. I think that all this has hit a bit close to home." Fjord continued to stare at the table as he shook his head slowly. "He was alone for so long before us. And they were the Xhorhas kids, y'know?"

  Before Caleb could quite answer, Fjord straightened and gave Caleb a wry smile. "Sorry, I'm being morbid. I'll grab Essek for you." And then he was standing, stepping around the table and pressing a quick, light touch to Caleb's shoulder as he passed by. Caleb tried not tense at the unexpected hand, but wasn't sure he entirely managed. The long wait as Fjord left him alone in their cozy dining room left him feeling almost itchy with discomfort, feelings of closeness and camaraderie that he hadn't felt in years bubbling up. He sighed, folding himself small within the thick dark robes of the Shadowhand, and rubbed absently at the small Luxon brooch that fastened them to his body.

  Behind him, he heard the light thump of one set of feet and he turned, expecting Essek. Instead he saw both Essek and Fjord, straightening as he watched Essek float into the room, drifting forward at least a foot off the ground. Fjord entered first, stopping at the head of the table as Essek drifted around him, dropping with a soft whump into the seat across from Caleb. He looked up at Fjord expectantly, and the half-orc returned his look. "You good?"

  "Yes, Fjord," Essek bit out sharply, then softened immediately, reaching out with an absentminded hand and pressing it lightly to the man's arm. "Sorry. Yes. Go on, I'll be fine."

  Fjord waited a moment longer, but nodded sharply and gave Caleb a small wave before turning and heading back into the house. Caleb took the moment of silence to appraise Essek. His deep purple skin seemed sallow in the cool blue arcane fire of the sconces that illuminated the room, and he was dressed simply, in a deep purple tunic and close-fitting black trousers. Caleb desperately wanted to ask about the floating, which he had immediately clocked not as a Levitate spell, but some form of dunamancy, something that Caleb had never seen before. But then Essek let out a sharp, gusty breath and met his gaze. "You wished to speak?"

  "Indeed." Caleb didn't think he needed to mince words, didn't think that Essek would want him to, and instead reached up to draw on his Wristpocket to pull forth the book within. He set it on the table heavily, and glanced up to watch as Essek read the title. His eyes went wide as his hand reached forward, though the gesture was quickly aborted and he folded his hands on the table, eyes still skimming the cover expectantly. Caleb allowed himself a small smile as he pushed Basic Transfiguration and Other Transmutative Arcana across the table and, after a moment of prodding, into Essek's waiting hands. "It's only a start. But I think if you get these principles down, it would provide enough of a foundation for me to teach you the rest of what you may need. For the field of transmutation, at least. I am afraid that I may not be a very, ah, skilled teacher in the other fields. Dunamancy excepted, of course."

  Essek was shaking his head, still holding the book in wonder. "This means more than you know." He looked up at Caleb, eyes wide, a careful smile pulling at the corner of his mouth. "Truly. It is a treasured gift."

  Caleb thought it best not to mention that it was less a gift than a loaner. That conversation could come later. "I'm sure that's true enough. I am not so hypocritical to ask for transparency in what it is you need transmutation for, but I told you I would be honest in this, and I can honestly say that it does no harm to me to teach you this."

  Essek watched him carefully, violet eyes piercing Caleb's. He tried to keep his pleasant smile neutral as Essek spoke. "I said I was after Empire magic. Any field would do."

  "Yes, but let's not pretend we have not researched the other," Caleb replied easily, and saw something flash in Essek's eyes. "I do not say that as a threat—you are smart enough to know it is simply the truth. I think you aren't lying when you said that any Empire magic would work but, and here I flatter myself, you did come to me. And I'm sure it would not take so much effort to know in which discipline my work began in."

  "You're a suspicious bastard, you know that?" Essek said flatly, and Caleb laughed. After a brief moment Essek did too, and the two were left grinning at each other.

  "I would hazard a guess that that makes two of us," Caleb hummed as Essek dropped an elbow to the table and rested his chin in hand, the tiredness seeping into his form.

  "Perhaps," he admitted lazily. "But I have learned to let people in. The right people."

  "No better vetting system than having to put your life in the hands of others, hm?"

  "Something like that," Essek's eyes gleamed. "What about you? Care to descend your ivory tower and join us on the next outing? We are now down one member."

  Caleb raised an eyebrow at that, and Essek just closed his eyes slowly, letting out a sigh. "Forgive me. We all deal differently, and you have caught me—us—at an odd time."

  "For what it's worth," Caleb hesitated. "I am sorry for what happened."

  "It isn't worth much," Essek said bluntly, but he shot Caleb a grim smile. "But I appreciate it. You have been nothing but kind to us, and I don't mean for my own prejudices to scare you off entirely. Perhaps next time you should look to speak with Caduceus, or Nott. Surely they would be kinder conversationalists than Beau or I."

  "Ah,"  Caleb smiled. "But where's the fun in that?"

  And Essek laughed again as Caleb sat back, allowing the afternoon to curl warm and tentative around them both.

  
    Chapter Text
    "Shadowhand?" From within his bedroom, Caleb blinked awake, trying to keep his groan quiet enough that Rylla didn't hear it from just beyond the door. The one issue with climbing the ladder of drow society, he had found, was that elves, no matter how many times they were told, didn't realise that he required eight straight hours of sleep. Sometimes more. Rylla knocked on his door again, sounding concerned. "Shadowhand Thelyss?"
  "Yes, Rylla, I will be out in one moment," Caleb called, and wasted an absurdly high level spell to drift his clothes from his closet to the foot of his bed. He wouldn't need to Teleport anywhere that day, and should he be accosted into a fight, he felt fairly certain that he could hold his own still. "What is wrong?"

  "You have a visitor." Perfect. Caleb pushed back his covers and began to change right there in bed. "It is one of the Mighty Nein." A beat, and then: "The drow."

  "Of course," Caleb muttered under his breath. He stood, pulling on his trousers and reaching for his shirt. It was the work of his excellent sense of time and the copious mornings he had done exactly this in an effort to attend a meeting scheduled far too early that he was able to get fully dressed in under two minutes. His formal regalia was quickly smoothed out under his own eyes before he allowed himself one single slow breath. He opened the door.

  Rylla scanned him quickly as she stepped back, waving her hand down the hall. Caleb followed the gesture, Rylla falling into step beside him. "Your hair is a bit of a wreck," she admitted.

  "Scheiße," Caleb hissed, not stopping. He reached up absently, a quick Prestidigitate smoothing out the tangles and letting his bird's nest settle into something normal. As they approached the door, he was still pulling it back with the ribbon he always kept tied at his wrist, to cover the edges of scars that his sleeves did not quite hide. Rylla watched the process nervously for a moment, but stepped ahead of Caleb, moving to the door and hovering.

  "Alright?"

  "Alright," Caleb affirmed, hands dropping to his sides as his hair neatly fell down his back. Rylla scanned him once more, giving him a quick nod before she turned to pull open the door.

  "Essek of No Den," she greeted in her flat servant's voice. It differed so readily from her usual fluctuating, nervous tones that Caleb had been alarmed for her vocal range that first time he had heard her slip into it.

  "That's me," came the curt reply from beyond the door.

  "The Shadowhand will see you now. Please do not make a habit of calling upon his personal abode without a prior appointment, in the future."

  "My apologies," Essek replied as he stepped through the doorway, his voice sharp and pointed when he turned to take in Caleb. "I thought I was merely performing a social call. I had no idea the Shadowhand was so busy."

  "That'll be all, Rylla," Caleb gave her a quick smile and she returned it, closing the door behind her and scurrying off to, no doubt, tell the rest of the household staff about his visitor. The only other person around would have been the cook, and Caleb couldn't imagine Taskine caring overly much about his visitors. The goblin could hardly be convinced to care about Caleb's own diet, always insisting that he ought to try rothé, and that it would put some meat on his bones. Caleb was still unsure if the cook had managed to slip some into his meals every once and a while, in spite of his assurances that it was inedible for humans, but was marginally more concerned with reflecting on how his entire house staff seemed not to respect his authority anymore. Perhaps something to work on.

  Caleb realised that Essek was still standing silently in his entryway and winced internally. Outwardly, he gestured towards his sitting room. "Come, you needn't wait in the hall."

  He made his way into the room ahead of Essek, trying to stifle a yawn as he settled into one of the plush chairs, arranged artfully in a U-shape for guests that he never entertained. It didn't bother him usually, but seeing Essek sit lightly in the middle of the couch, swallowed slightly by the size of it, gave him a twinge of embarrassment that he hated. Shows of such weakness were always the first steps in one's descent into failure and obscurity, and he had walked this tightrope for too long to fall now. "What can I do for you at this hour?"

  Essek tipped his head in acknowledgment. "I apologize for how early it is. I was awake before my companions and thought they didn't need disturbing."

  "And what was so pressing that you needed to meet with me now?" Caleb allowed himself to settle back in his chair, trying not to slump.

  Essek leaned forward, pulling a familiar book from a Wristpocket that split the air beside him. He pushed it delicately across the low table set between them, gentle with it as he did so. Caleb looked down, briefly skimming it for evidence of any new marks or damage, and felt relief—though not surprise—when he spotted none. "How did you know where to find me?"

  Essek narrowed his eyes slightly. "It has not been so long that I do not remember this address." He cast an eye about the space, and Caleb wondered if he was imagining the wistfulness written across his face. "Your Den must have been grateful to you when you reclaimed the title of Shadowhand. From Mirimm, if I am not mistaken?"

  "If we are to talk Den politics, I would prefer to do so over a meal or a stiff drink," Caleb replied, halfway through rubbing at his eye before his dropped his hand. A bit of sleep had caught in the corner of his vision, but he willed himself to ignore it.

  Essek laughed, without mirth. "Is it politics? I suppose everything I do in Rosohna must be. Should I take this time to apologize for the histrionics my appearance must have caused for you?"

  "You? Apologizing for the display you made in court?" Caleb scoffed. "Perhaps I am still asleep."

  Essek smiled, a look that shifted into something carefully genuine as he leaned back on the couch. "I really did not mean to wake you. I only wished to return your book and let you know I had finished it."

  Caleb watched him, and his mind whirled. He chanced his next words. "If you wanted to see what I'd done with the Shadowhand's tower firsthand, you need only have asked."

  Essek's smile slipped, and that same hardened look flashed through for a moment. He looked down, brushing non-existent lint from his clothes. "Are you so suspicious that you do not believe I'd call on you for anything but an ulterior motive?"

  "It's realism," Caleb volleyed back, evenly. "If you are here solely to return my book, I am grateful. But I like to think we are past needing excuses to hide our actual intent."

  "I don't think we are," Essek looked up at him, eyes sharp. "Or perhaps you wish me to spill my life story to you."

  "I already know it," Caleb said softly.

  Essek's face curled into a sneer. "Not all, no. There is much you do not know, Shadowhand."

  Caleb sighed, rubbing at his eyes and clearing his vision. When he dropped his hands, Essek was still frowning, but seemed to have tempered himself slightly. He searched for another subject. "Did you wish to start on your lessons, now that you finished this?" He tapped the cover of the book that lay between them.

  "As soon as you are able," Essek replied tightly, and not for the first time, Caleb wondered at what could be so pressing that the drow would willingly spend hours learning and re-learning basic arcane foundations with him, of all people.

  "Then I shall call on you when I am able," Caleb stood then. "Did you need anything else?"

  Essek looked up at him carefully, and Caleb grit his teeth behind a neutral smile to keep himself from screaming. These strangers' eyes, ever appraising, were going to be the death of him.

  But Essek only stood, following Caleb silently to the door. Rylla was nowhere to be found, and Caleb hoped, weakly, that that wasn't a sign she had recruited Taskine into caring about his home life and had spent this whole time trading gossip with the goblin. He pulled the door open, waving Essek through. The drow stepped forward but turned at the last minute to look back at Caleb. His look softened slightly as his gaze left Caleb and drifted back over the interior of the tower. "Get some sleep, Shadowhand."

  Caleb opened his mouth to say something back—he feared it might be something childish like "No, you,"—but Essek was already turning to leave, stepping down through the gate, only to be swallowed by the perpetual dark of Rosohna's streets. Caleb sighed, casting an eye up to the thousands of glittering stars above, and turned to head back inside.

  ⬡

  The inner chambers of the Bright Queen's quarters had never grown any more familiar to Caleb no matter how many times he visited them. Ornate murals covered the walls between gleaming silvered moulding, and the ceiling depicted a daybright sky, the sun a stylized Luxon beacon. It never felt any less royal and Caleb always felt that it was entirely constructed to lay low those who were left to wait on the Queen. Or perhaps it was his own racing mind doing that enough on its own.

  "Shadowhand?" Quana stepped from the hidden door behind the painted depiction of the Bright Queen in her first life, fighting wildly with a sharp, unforgiving gaze. Caleb stood as Quana held the door for him. "We do not foresee this taking long."

  "Of course," Caleb replied as he strode inside, Quana closing the door behind him. The innermost chamber was much more casual, with a large window that looked out over the entirety of the city. It was meticulously hidden from the outside, but within the room was the Queen's ornate work desk, as well as a fashionably gaudy side table that bore an almost full-length mirror and accompanying accoutrements. There was a small U-shaped seating section in another corner, but Caleb only stood, arms folded behind his back as he lifted his chin to meet the Queen's gaze in the mirror. Silena, her closest handmaiden, was brushing her hair with slow care while Leylas' eyes tracked Caleb's arrival.

  "Shadowhand."

  "Your Majesty," Caleb dipped his head politely. "It was a nice surprise to be summoned here directly."

  "Court does get so formal, does it not?" She continued to watch him through the glass. He smiled politely, noting absently that she was not yet fully dressed and armoured. Wearing what he could only guess was the layer just beneath the final dress, she looked beautiful still, her clothes loose enough to be modest, but close-cut enough to reveal lines of muscle in her arms and the implication of her form beneath. "But I asked you here for another reason. You have been overseeing the goings-on of the Mighty Nine, have you not?"

  "Nein," he corrected absently, and smiled apologetically at his impoliteness. "It is Zemnian, I believe. And yes, quite closely. I have redirected two of the Lens to watch them periodically, and I have personally been checking in regularly."

  "Have you found anything of note?"

  "Nothing yet," he assured her. "As... foreign as they are, they do appear to be genuine in their desire to aid us in our war efforts. If there is any implication of dual, ah, allegiances, then I have not found it."

  "But they are not all foreign, are they?" Leylas hummed, and Caleb glanced to his side as Quana made to sit at the work desk, shuffling through parchment and seeming to hunt for something specific. "What have you found on Essek of No Den?"

  Caleb looked back at the mirror, meeting Leylas' gaze with a smile. Of course this would be about Essek. "I have spoken to him a few times. He does not seem to have any specific goals aside from pursuing his studies in magic further. Not dunamancy," Caleb added quickly, when he saw Leylas' eyes narrow. "My own specialty, from a past life. Transmutation."

  "Hm," she waved her hand in a dismissive motion and Silena stopped her minstrations, packing her things quickly and departing the room. Leylas turned in her seat and begun to braid her own hair, still retaining her stunningly regal look. "Do you foresee any danger in this?"

  "I do not believe so," Caleb admitted. "I, myself, only learned a paltry amount of it, and he is unaware and untested in the magic theory for any other Empire subdisciplines. I think if he were to be using this for something that would harm the Dynasty, he would not have asked me and likely would be further in his pursuits by this point."

  "Your assessment seems sound," she nodded, looking to Quana, who was still searching the desk. She returned her gaze to Caleb. "I want you to keep a close eye on him, Shadowhand. I do not trust him, though I am unsure how this teaching business may play into his larger plans."

  "Is there anything specific that you wish for me to keep watch for?"

  "Yes." Their attention was redirected then as Quana let out a triumphant sound, producing a scroll and bringing it to Caleb, who unfurled it. He was surprised to find his own shaky handwriting, and a rough sketch of a Beacon that he had seen long ago in the Sanitorium—and then again only recently, in the triumphant and fierce hands of a sharp-eyed drow. The Bright Queen continued. "I find the story of how they came by this Beacon to be quite... insufficient. And for it to match the one that you spoke of when you first arrived here is an alarming coincidence, to say the least."

  Caleb rolled up the parchment, handing it back to Quana as he spoke. "You believe he engineered its return somehow?"

  "Do you know anything of Essek, once of Den Thelyss?" Leylas gave him a piercing look. "His heresy is almost as well known as his genius. For him to be the one who returned the Beacon?" She clicked her tongue sharply. "It does not bear thinking about."

  "I know some of what was said about his past," Caleb acquiesced. In truth, he knew almost nothing. Verin had refused to speak on Essek, much to Caleb's confusion, and the Umavi tended to speak too much on him and the promise that he showed. Had shown. And the rest of the Den were as tight-lipped about the ordeal as one could be.

  "Pray you do not discover more," Leylas said, and her voice was soft and sympathetic, as if knowing more on the topic would hurt Caleb and she could not bear the thought. His interest was piqued. "It is not for your ears. You ought not be tainted so."

  "As you wish," he nodded. "It sounds unpleasant, and I do dislike such things."

  She smiled, then stood carefully, smoothing out the lines of her dress as her hand twitched in a familiar somatic gesture, the ring upon her smallest finger glowing faintly. From another room, Silena returned only moments later, dress in hand. The Bright Queen straightened in place as Silena began to dress her. "Good. I would also ask, if you are to teach him the ways of Empire magic, see if you can glean if he has shared ours with any outsiders. I would hope in this case that they did shun one of our own and his abilities, but one cannot be too careful." She narrowed her eyes, turning her head slightly to gaze out the huge window. "He has been one of our greatest liabilities for the past two decades. It is heartening that we may finally get answers on his goings-on, and it does not escape my notice that you are the one who can bring this to us. But for now, I will leave you to the rest of your day."

  "Of course." Caleb bowed low in Leylas' direction and again towards Quana, who only inclined her head in return. Pivoting on one heel, he made his way from the room, slipping out of the internal chambers and towards the exit. It was only once he had left entirely, stepping into a side alley and Teleporting back to his own home, that he allowed himself to slump into a seat. He stared at the whorls of purple wood that made up his flooring, and wondered not for the first time what he was doing.

   
   
  
  
    ⬡
  

  "You know Prestidigitation, yes?" Caleb looked up from where he was paging through his spellbook, licking absently at his thumb to flip rapidly back through the pages, to the beginning. It was strange, to see the regression of his abilities, the scrawl of an invented spell blending into the too-careful handwriting of a student's quill. He looked up at Essek in question, and the drow cocked an eyebrow at him, fluttering his hand as a shimmer of lavender sparks drifted and spilled from his fingertips. Caleb dipped his head in acknowledgement, flipping back and forth between the Transmutation cantrips he had written down. "I admit, I am not as familiar with some of these, but I know the basics of them and think they would work as building blocks. I found it helps to begin with one of the core four elements—do you have a preference?"

  "Water," Essek replied easily, and Caleb raised an eyebrow at that. His smile was carefully blank, and Caleb acquiesced, noting Essek's answer in the back of his head.

  "Well, I think the core principles will be the same as shaping and commanding flame." Caleb snapped his fingers, sparking a small flame in his palm, cradling it in the bowl of his hand. Essek leaned in, studying the flame closely. "It's not quite a Control Flame cantrip, but easy enough to do  with a mastery of that and Firebolt, perhaps."

  "Ray of Frost, then?" Essek suggested, and Caleb hummed thoughtfully, drawing a spare piece of parchment and scribbling out fragments of an equation over it. "It's one of your cantrips that I do have."

  "I work with dunamancy," Caleb corrected sharply, turning back to his spellbook. "I think that could work, though. Perhaps mastery of water could even improve its damage output." He looked up, pushing his spellbook towards Essek. "But, back to the basics. Here is the spell for Shape Water. I think it will fit with what you desire."

  Essek's eyes roamed the page before him hungrily, and Caleb could see his mind beginning to whir, his lips parting slightly as he hesitantly dragged the book closer, beginning to scrawl notes and equations on his own parchment.

  Caleb settled back, keeping Essek in his periphery as he looked about the room. It was quiet in the study, purposely built so because the previous occupants' daughter had demanded magic lessons in their home. Caleb wasn't entirely sure what had become of her, but the door that separated them from the rest of the mansion was double the average thickness, and Caleb shuddered to think of her poor teacher's fate instead.

  Even with that knowledge haunting the room, it was still... cozy. It felt strange to consider, and Caleb didn't think he had thought of anything in the Dynasty as cozy in the entirety of his time there—his own home included—but somehow the Mighty Nein had made a home of their strange mansion. Absentmindedly, Caleb drew his glasses from the front pocket of his shirt, sliding them on as he peered out over the street beyond the triptych of square windows ahead. The street was fairly empty in spite of it being noon—12:47, to be precise—and Caleb absently wondered if the Nein's antics had changed the foot traffic of the area. He felt the threat of a tension headache blooming behind his eyes when he projected ahead to next week's planned meeting with the leader of Den Belthune on infrastructure. Perhaps he would simply suggest building out the city walls again—it always seemed to waste a good hour of time.

  "Those must be inconvenient." Essek's voice broke the silence, and Caleb turned his attention back to the drow. He was still writing, carefully transcribing the cantrip already, seeming to have worked out his own approach to it quick enough. Caleb waited for Essek's explanation, and he glanced up only briefly, tapping at the corner of his eye, where Caleb's glasses still sat. "Your own invention?"

  "Nobody else here would have built them," Caleb replied lightly, perhaps betraying his anger in the dispassionate ease with which he spoke about them. He reached up, folding them and stowing them back in his pocket. "But the magic is hardly new."

  "Do they see in colour?"

  "No," Caleb felt his jaw flex slightly at the word, and he looked back down at his spellbook, reciting equations in his mind to keep from thinking too heavily on the subject.

  "That must be difficult." The olive branch that Essek offered was kind, but Caleb wasn't entirely sure he was in the mood to be related to. He had little choice though, as Essek abandoned his writing to sit up in his seat. From beneath his shirt, he drew a small amulet, carved of copper and Vurmaloc wood, hanging loosely from what appeared to be a daisy chain. He smiled wryly. "Not the prettiest thing in the world, but this keeps the light from harming me. Or, well, it should when it's complete."

  Caleb studied the pendant. At the centre, a stylized sun has been hammered into the copper, its rays stretching to the edges of the roughly hewn circle set into the wood. Essek continued, leaning forward and resting his chin in hand upon the desk as he slid the pendant back beneath his shirt. "It seems we are both inventors out of necessity."

  "It seems that way," Caleb agreed. He gestured towards his spellbook. "Are you finished?"

  "I am," Essek didn't move, still looking back at Caleb as his spellbook sat splayed on the desk. Caleb ignored his gaze, dragging his book back and closing it.

  "Do you require practical assistance?" As soon as he said the words Caleb regretted them, Essek's grin splitting his face wide.

  "I would love practical assistance," he drawled, and Caleb tried to resist rolling his eyes.

  "The theory is more important to understand for future applications," Caleb tried desperately, and Essek only slightly tapered his look, raising his eyebrow pointedly.

  "I feel that I understand the basics of the theory, but I find your approach to magic a bit unconventional, I must admit."

  Caleb bristled. "Unconventional?"

  Essek's smile was lazy, and Caleb thought that he might hate it. It was a pity that it suited him so well. "You treated the target of spells as inherently changeable." Essek twisted his own book around, tapping at one section of the Shape Water cantrip that he had copied from Caleb, dragging his finger across the binding to his Ray of Frost spell on the opposite page, drawing a comparison between the two. "At least with the ray, you are imposing an effect upon the target. The slowing and cooling of them through the directed spell energy. But the way you've copied Shape Water implies that you are altering the water itself, rather than imposing a change upon it. A bottom-up approach, if you will."

  "Is deconstructing my spellcasting helping you?" Caleb asked tightly and Essek hummed, drawing his book back.

  "It helps me understand how you, specifically, approach magic. It's a bit unorthodox, or counter to the way I've been learning Empire magic perhaps. But I'm not complaining—I did ask you to teach me, and no other."

  "Hm," Caleb couldn't help but feel off-kilter at Essek's words.

  "I also disagree with that same understanding of magic," he added blithely. At Caleb's narrowed look, Essek shrugged helplessly. "It runs counter to my specialty. Graviturgy is inherently rooted in the understanding that everything has something which grounds it—often a field of energy, but any good graviturgist must have something that they ground their magic in, whether it is their own beliefs, their innate sense of ability, or another."

  Caleb's mind had ground to a halt at Essek's words, even as he continued to speak on the nature of graviturgical theory. He cut him off sharply. "You cannot be a graviturgist."

  "Pardon?" Essek looked genuinely confused.

  "There are no graviturgists," Caleb stressed, frowning. "It is somewhat understood theoretically, but none have progressed in the field practically. Beyond a few nigh-useless cantrips, it is simply not done."

  "Ah," Essek's gaze narrowed, and he straightened, folding his hands on the table before him. "I forget how the Dynasty works sometimes. Forgive me."

  Caleb stared back at Essek until the drow relented with a sharp sigh. He stood, and then with the briefest of pauses, levitated. Except it wasn't the Levitate spell, because there had been no components, aside from perhaps the slightest indication of a somatic gesture. There was no bob to his movement either, and as Caleb stared, Essek lifted slightly higher, about a foot off the ground, his knees bent slightly as if frozen in place, poised to land.

  "How?" He thought perhaps that his jaw was hanging open. How embarrassing.

  "It's but a modified cantrip," Essek replied, crossing his arms. "I don't do it often, but it comes in handy. It is little more than the slight shift of my own gravitational field, perhaps akin to a Telekinesis spell, but centered on me alone."

  "That is," Caleb shook his head, standing and almost unconsciously stepping closer to walk a slow circle around Essek. The drow looked almost confused by Caleb's awe. "Incredible. Mein gott, I have read everything on the topic, but never seen a successful practical demonstration of it." He looked up at Essek, who was looking back at him, his expression now tentative, guarded even. "It's beautiful."

  "Ah," Essek coughed, and dropped back to the ground. He fidgeted with one of the loose chains of his silvery ear cuffs, not looking at Caleb. "Thank you. It is a paltry spell, but one of my first."

  "Paltry?" Caleb repeated, aghast at Essek's dismissal. Either he was far more humble than Caleb had thought, or he was truly unaware at the scale of his own talents. Caleb rather expected it was the latter. He stepped forward, forcing Essek to look back at him. "I do not jest when I say that I've only heard about such abilities in books. Have you shown this to anyone else?"

  Essek looked up then, briefly demure with his soft, violet eyes, but as he met Caleb's gaze his jaw tightened and he withdrew into himself again. "Why... do you ask?"

  "I only wished to know—"

  "I am not the Dynasty's any longer," Essek sneered, and Caleb bit back the words he wished he could say, knowing that any would be unwelcome. "They have made that abundantly clear. If they wished me to keep their secrets, perhaps they should not have been so very quick to unname me."

  He twisted in place, stepping to the door and yanking it open. When he looked back at Caleb, holding the door for him with thrumming pointedness, Caleb almost made to say something more, to protest against Essek's words. But there was nothing he could say, and he merely dipped his head in farewell and strode from the room, cursing his own words and the machinations of politics in equal measure.

  
    Chapter Text
    Caleb didn't believe in luck. He didn't quite believe in fate either, but he was beginning to believe that Rosohna must have been infinitely smaller than he had been told, as he rounded a corner away from the Lucid Bastion to see Essek descending his way down the hill, in the opposite direction to the large gates that blocked the Bastion entrance. And he was floating.
  In that moment, Caleb thought that he had a singular choice to make. He reflected briefly on the truly immeasurable amount of unpleasant interactions he had had with the adventurer, and the likely overzealous dislike that he still held for him, which was rooted in far deeper issues that he hadn't quite dealt with, nor intended to any time soon. So, yes. All told, Caleb felt fairly confident that approaching the drow would likely make both their days worse.

  He stepped into the street and made his way to Essek's side.

  The drow spotted him before Caleb could get into step with him, but Caleb was somewhat alarmed when Essek instead slowed to a stop, waiting for him. Caleb closed the distance between them, immediately pivoting to follow as Essek continued his trek, silent the entire time. Around them, various people bustled and moved, and Caleb realised belatedly that they were receiving a number of open stares, what with his instant recognizability and Essek's, well, entirely similar deal. Caleb was beginning to understand the reason why Essek had waited for him, familiar enough at this point with having every gaze fixed upon him wherever he went. And because it was in his nature, he pointed as much out to Essek. "If their gazes bother you, I am no stranger to casting a quick disguise. If that's what you wish."

  "No," Essek's voice was firm, and he lifted his chin as he spoke, looking straight ahead. "I want them to see me. To see that I am back, and intend to be here. But," his voice faltered, though his outward appearance did not. "It is a heavy weight to bear."

  "I could not agree more," Caleb said softly, and felt Essek's gaze on him, as well as that of every other person in their vicinity. Though somehow this time, his did not feel as piercing or as cruel as the other eyes. When he looked back, Essek was looking away. Caleb continued. "You were leaving the Lucid Bastion."

  "Spying on me yourself?" Essek scoffed. "You ought to learn to delegate, Shadowhand."

  "I like a personal touch," Caleb hummed. He could have argued that he hadn't, in fact, been spying on Essek, but that would have begged the question of if he had ever spied on their little group, and that way lay dragons. "And I am very aware of who resides in that part of the city."

  "As am I," Essek bit out, but Caleb thought he detected a weary edge to Essek's voice. Something new, perhaps.

  "Did they let you in?"

  Essek exhaled sharply, suddenly coming to a stop in the middle of the thoroughfare. Caleb haltingly took another step before turning and looking back at his walking companion. "Essek?"

  Essek's eyes had screwed shut, but they opened at the sound of his name on Caleb's lips, and his expression was so thick with emotion and turmoil that Caleb was speaking a Mass Suggestion before he was even entirely aware of what he was doing. He drew his thumb across the adder's ring on his hand that he used for such spells, sending everyone in the vicinity away to clear any others from this particular crossroads. He barely waited to see if the spell had taken before he was stepping forward, watching the drow. "Essek."

  "It's cruel," Essek began, his voice threatening to break. His eyes were wide, watching Caleb and yet not, all at the same time. "That you would even suggest that I wouldn't be able to enter the Bastion. But it's crueler still that you're right."

  "I'm sorry," Caleb tried to emphasize just how much he meant it.

  Essek shook his head, looking away at the now emptied street. "Do you know what it's like? To be barred from entering the place where you spent your youth? Where you grew up, were moulded, the place where you thought you'd always be?"

  "I mean this sincerely," Caleb hesitated, but reached out and pressed careful fingers to Essek's forearm. The other mage made to jerk away, but steadied himself and remained, tense but still. "I understand that more than you could ever know."

  Essek let out a bitter laugh, scrubbing at his face with his other hand and letting out a harsh breath. They remained there for a long moment as Essek's breaths began to even out. He pried his arm from Caleb's grip, gentle but firm. There was a beat as he collected himself, looking around. When he spoke, it was with his familiar guarded, sardonic tone. "That was a powerful spell."

  "You seemed to need it in the moment." Caleb straightened in place. Warily, he gestured down the road, to continue walking. Slowly, and with little fanfare, Essek began to move again and Caleb fell into step beside him.

  "That first time, I got in with a disguise and some forged documents," Essek said, and his tone seemed designed to entice Caleb into asking questions. He didn't.

  "Very enterprising," Caleb said instead. "Would you be offended if I used that information to bolster the guards at the gate?"

  Essek shrugged, a deeply uncouth gesture that seemed to relay exactly how long he had been apart from the formality of the Kryn upper class. "Do what you will. I'd still be able to get past them."

  "And this time?"

  "Verin had to let me in," Essek's voice was flat with displeasure.

  Caleb hesitated, aware of Essek's volatility, but also of his new well of openness. He chanced it. "Is that so bad? You were able to enter, which is more than most could say."

  "It is degrading nevertheless," Essek replied sharply, and Caleb mentally shut down that particular route of enquiry. "That my younger brother must ferry me between the gates and my old home. The very place where I have spent the majority of my life."

  "You were still able to visit," Caleb pointed out, and tried to repress the implication that he could not do the same with his own past.

  Essek was quiet for a few blocks, and Caleb spent that time keeping track of which eyes followed them and for how long. They were closer to the Mighty Nein's home now, but far enough from the overprotection of the Bastion that familiar fears prickled at the back of his mind. Eventually, his companion spoke again. "I would offer you a trade."

  "Oh?" Caleb asked, keeping his eyes forward.

  "I will teach you graviturgy if you keep me updated on my mother."

  "Was? What?" It was Caleb's turn to stumble to a stop, though he tried to keep moving normally, as Essek hadn't slowed. "Surely you cannot be serious."

  "Why would I joke on this?" Essek rolled his eyes. Caleb was reminded that he might actually hate this drow still.

  "Nobody has ever learned graviturgy," Caleb protested.

  Essek tsked. "Then they're fools who either haven't applied themselves enough, or aren't smart enough to figure it out."

  "Then which does that make me?"

  Essek smiled for the first time. "I suppose we'll have to see."

  "We will not," Caleb protested angrily. "Because the other half of your little trade is treason."

  "I care not about the Bright Queen."

  "Of course, you only care about one of the other two most powerful women, most powerful people, in the Dynasty," Caleb hissed. He was very aware of the eyes on them.

  "Not movements or information," Essek corrected, and Caleb watched as he slowed, face in turmoil again. When he continued, it was softer and Caleb had to shift closer to hear him. "I only wish to hear of her state of mind. If she seems... out of sorts. And if so, how so."

  Caleb was silent, allowing Essek to fill the space with his words. After a beat, he did. "I don't intend to return to the Bastion. There is little left for me there but ruin and judging eyes. If I'm to do good, it will not be there." A pause. Essek's chin was lifted high again, his eyes set ahead but directionless. "But that means not seeing my mother again. And while I understand that is the intention of my... unnaming, I also would plead to our common decency and ask you if you would try for the same request in my place."

  "In this we are not in the same place," Caleb replied, in a tone that he hoped communicated his desire to end this particular branch of their conversation. Essek turned to look at him, surprised, perhaps, by his words.

  "But if we were," Essek protested. "Wouldn't you also wish to know of your mother's health?" And then it was Caleb's turn to fall silent.

  The truth of the matter was this: Caleb intended to say yes either way. The chance to learn graviturgy was too important to his work, to the project of advancing magic as a whole, to pass up. The question was not whether graviturgy was worth it—it was, it was, it was, it was—but rather if Caleb would lie to Essek or not. It would be simple enough to pretend away any signs of instability in the Umavi, to simply treat Essek's request as paranoia or overprotectiveness. Except.

  Except, except, except.

  Except he had noticed signs of what Essek spoke of. For him to have the wherewithal to ask after it, to pose it to Caleb with such a high cost on his end, meant he was treating it seriously as well. As seriously as Caleb had been thinking on such progressions in her mental state—and the Bright Queen's own mind even more so.

  So even in such a request, Caleb understood the numerous branching ways that it spelled doom for the Dynasty, should such information leave the confines of those in power, those with an investment in keeping the nation whole. And yet, he considered that perhaps Essek truly was simply asking after the health of his mother. A bafflingly honest request, and one that Caleb would have killed to be able to make.

  He had been tracking their movements in the back of his mind, and Caleb rapidly found that they were coming up on the Mighty Nein's mansion. He allowed himself until they slowed before their home, but didn't step closer than the street when he spoke. "I accept your offer."

  Essek halted in place, and Caleb wondered if he did this often. It was more than a little annoying, all his dramatic stopping and starting, but the look on Essek's face was, perhaps, grudgingly worth it. "Truly?"

  "You seem to be underestimating the gift you're offering me," Caleb commented.

  Essek shook his head quickly, stepping forward and, after a moment of indecision, lifting his hands to grip loosely at Caleb's wrists. "Thank you."

  And had Caleb had any qualms about what kind of a person he was, they were confirmed as he stared back at Essek, bathed in the hazy lavender glow of the tree high above, knowing that he had no intention of keeping his end of their bargain.

  He smiled at Essek and Essek smiled back, warm and genuine.

  ⬡

  Caleb had never encountered a goblin like Nott. When he knocked on their door early one afternoon on a mission, she yanked it open with aplomb, door chimes filling the silence as she blinked up at him for a good five seconds before she spoke. "Essek is out with Caduceus right now."

  It was somehow both irksome and refreshing that she treated him as an equal, never bothering with formalities or, well, common decency. Caleb drew the stack of notes from his Wristpocket, holding them up to the woman. "I am only here to return the notes that he leant to me."

  "Did he give you those under duress?" She asked, bug-eyed as she stepped back and let Caleb in. "He won't even let the rest of us see them. Jester tried to read over his shoulder once and it was not pretty."

  "Between you and me, he barely let me read them either," Caleb smiled. "I was just as surprised as you."

  "Hmph," she said, more contemplative than annoyed. She waved her hand in the vague direction of the dining area. "Want some tea? Caduceus made it earlier and there's a bit left over."

  Caleb hesitated, and found himself searching for a way to decline her invitation. But he hadn't gotten this far in his time with the Dynasty by being ungrateful and turning down offers to socialize, so he allowed his more public persona to take over as he dipped his head in agreement. "If you're offering."

  "Head on into the dining room, I'll bring it out." He did as she dictated, trying to dispel the feeling that he was trespassing. Cautiously, he slipped Essek's notes on graviturgy back into his pocket dimension, settling into one of the chairs.

  Nott returned soon after, her face contorted in pain as she held the teapot and two cups between her hands. "Ow, ow, ow, ow—"

  Caleb whipped out a hasty Telekinesis spell, lifting the offending objects from his hostess' hands and laying them out carefully on the table. She climbed up into the chair kitty-corner to his, and gave him a wide smile as she began to pour the tea. "You're very kind. Thank you."

  "It was no trouble," Caleb assured her, too thrown by her calling him kind to bother with being demure. "Thank you for the tea."

  "This actually wasn't any trouble either, so I guess we're even," she grinned.

  Once she finished pouring, Nott settled back in her chair, and Caleb sipped at the tea, finding it oddly smoky and herbal at the same time. He cast his mind about for something to say. "How are you finding Rosohna?"

  "Oh," she looked up at him, eyes wide. "I love it."

  "Really?" Caleb tried not to let the surprise bleed into his tone, and was sure he failed.

  She laughed. "Yes. It's strange, isn't it? A lifetime in the Empire and I'm grateful to be here, on the other side. But here, people see me as a person first. Not a goblin, just a woman."

  "Mm," Caleb looked at her thoughtfully. "Have you truly spent your entire life in the Empire? You'd never considered moving?"

  "I admit," she began in a soft, conspiratorial voice. "I didn't even know the Dynasty had so many goblins, and that they were, well, civilized. Perhaps if I'd known years ago, it may have changed something, but I think I would have stayed regardless."

  "So what changed your mind now?"

  She looked down at her cup, fingers tap-tap-tapping on the side of the porcelain. "Meeting them."

  Caleb didn't know what to say to that, only sipping heavily from his cup and pondering the woman before him. He hesitated for only a moment before continuing the conversation, perhaps spurred on by the jolt of caffeine. "I think I understand your plight, from the opposite direction. I have never quite felt right here, no matter the care I have for the city, this nation."

  "Why do you stay?" She asked, and her eyes were almost luminous, even in the warm firelight.

  "I believe I can do more and do better here," Caleb replied simply. "The Empire gave me nothing that the Dynasty could not give with a better promise. I owe my life to this nation, and I would see that debt repaid."

  "Even if you feel like an outsider until the end?" Nott asked, and Caleb had answered the question in his head long ago but never aloud, finding it harder to make his tongue form the words than he had expected.

  "Yes, to the end."

  "I think that's admirable," she said, draining her cup. She set the porcelain back onto the table with a sharp clack. "To have a mission and be so aligned to it. I think I am very selfish sometimes, to be pursuing the ends that I am, so I think it does me good to know that I am helping people who are playing a much larger game than I am."

  "That's..." Caleb hesitated, pondering the goblin's words. "I think that's incredibly selfless. That you can think of others in such a way so as to align yourself with their future. Symbiotic, perhaps."

  "Well," she shrugged. "Truth be told, I don't overly care if others see me as selfish or not. I know what I want, and I will work towards it. Anything else is part of that mission."

  "I cannot imagine it's easy to be swayed by so many other adventures and quests of all kinds," he suggested, and she shook her head sharply.

  "It's not about ease. We need to get stronger, smarter. It's about temperance, perhaps. Or maybe just patience. And Essek, but he understands that." She huffed a laugh. "I think he is more determined than I am to seek out an end to my mission."

  "Perhaps that is what friends are for," Caleb offered as he finished his tea, pondering briefly just what Essek was doing for this goblin. The desire to know stuck in his mind like sovereign glue. "Being more invested in your narrative than you. Lightening that load."

  "Yes," she looked thoughtful, contemplative, before she turned her gaze back to him fully. "Can I ask, Mr. Shadowhand, why you're helping us? Why you're here?"

  "You can call me Caleb," he corrected easily. If he couldn't convince Essek, he might as well ingratiate himself with the rest of his little group. "And you are heroes of the Dynasty. I would see you comfortable and cared for, as I was when I came here."

  "Right, but," she smiled. "We're also kind of a bunch of assholes."

  "Ah, " Caleb cleared his throat. There was the friendly exchange of conversation, and then there was navigating this absolute landmine of political unrest. "Well, you still brought back a Beacon."

  "Fuckups, then."

  "Well—" Caleb wasn't sure if he was blushing at his own awkwardness in trying to navigate around just agreeing with her. "I'm not sure why you would undersell your own accomplishments, but you have done us a great service, and we wish to see that rewarded."

  "But what about you, specifically?" she pressed, and Caleb realized that he was in the midst of the strangest interrogation of his entire Luxon-damned life.

  He hesitated, staring at the dregs of his cup and thinking heavily. It was odd, that he was made so off-kilter by this strange woman before him. He swirled his cup slowly, and felt something in him claw its way up from deep down within. "What I said earlier. About how I did not fit in here." He forced himself to look up at her. If he was to spill the truth like purging humours, he would not be so uncouth as to forgo looking her in the eye. "I am, perhaps, envious of how you all fit in here so easily. Not the fact that many of you are or could be native to this place, but that even those of you who stick out... do not care about fitting in. You somehow gamed the system in a way that prevents you from being entirely answerable to those same stares that followed me for so long after I arrived. That still follow me. And that is an impressive feat."

  Nott watched him carefully as he spoke, and he was more than a little alarmed at the smile that split her face as he did. When he finished, unable to keep holding her gaze, she spoke up. "Then I hope we can rub off on you a bit. It's not such a bad thing, to be unashamed."

  Caleb was saved from having to respond by the chime of the front door, and he could have sworn he heard Nott mutter under her breath, "speaking of rubbing off," as the muted sounds of an arrival drifted into the dining area. A voice called out into the open space, "Nott! I got those acids you wanted from the guy that I know." Footsteps approached the dining room, and Caleb had to shift to sit on his hands in an effort to not Teleport away. He remained. "He was a bit wary and I think they're more volatile than I expected, but they should—oh."

  Caleb tried to look as pleasantly neutral as he could as Essek faltered in the doorway, eyes immediately flickering between Nott and Caleb, his expression shuttering as he took them in. "I was not aware we had company."

  "He stopped by to return your notes," Nott turned and hopped off the chair, stepping up to Essek and waggling her hands in a 'gimme' gesture. "C'mon, I'm a grown woman, I want to play with the acid."

  Essek raised an eyebrow at her, lifting the bulky parcel tucked beneath his arm slightly higher, just out of arms' reach. "You can play with the acid when you have proper protective equipment on."

  "What are you, my mother?"

  "I'm at least ninety years your senior, so I get mother privileges."

  Nott glared, crossing her arms at the drow and tapping her foot. "Fine. I'll go get some, and then are we still on for later?"

  Essek laughed, and Caleb was struck by just how light and carefree he sounded. Something like guilt pricked at the back of his mind, that he was so unfamiliar with the sound—from Essek, but also from anyone else. "Yes, we are still on for building your project later."

  "'Fluffernutter 2: We're Coming After You' is no mere project—" Nott began, her voice fading out as she left the room and ascended the stairs. Caleb made to stand, awkwardly aware that he had overstayed his welcome considerably. Essek only watched him, appraising as always, though the usual derision was gone from his expression.

  Caleb stepped around the table, drawing Essek's notes from his pocket dimension. "My thanks for these. They were incredibly useful."

  "Happy to oblige," Essek replied easily, as he took them back and folded them under his arm with the other, apparently more dangerous bundle. "How was the tea?"

  "It was delicious," he admitted, and tried to recover the good graces he had instilled in himself after so many years spent making himself likeable by those who were taught to see him as evil. He straightened, flashing a smile at Essek as he made his way into the hallway. "Tell Caduceus he is welcome to share samples any time."

  "Just Caduceus?" Essek's smile was pleasant, and Caleb was surprised enough at his change in demeanor since their last meeting that he laughed.

  "Yes," he continued, as Essek pulled open the door with his free hand. Caleb stepped out, turning back to face him. "And just samples."

  "But what if you develop a taste for them?"

  "Well," Caleb hummed, looking away to straighten his mantle. He donned his glasses and looked back at Essek, who was leaning in the doorway, shoulder propped up against the doorjamb. "I suppose we'll deal with that when we come to it."

  "I suppose we will. Farewell, Shadowhand." Essek didn't move from his lean, watching Caleb with disarming casualness. Caleb wasn't entirely sure what to make of it, and decided instead to simply ignore it—for now. Caleb turned away from the strange mansion and its stranger occupants, heading out into the streets with the taste of smoke lingering at the back of his throat.

  ⬡

  That casualness didn't last however, mostly because Caleb had to learn graviturgy. And, well, it became obvious within the first five or so minutes of their lesson that he was decidedly bad at it.

  "I truly cannot emphasize this enough," Essek flipped through his spellbook rapidly, moving back to some of his earliest pages and spells. "I'm not trying to trick you. That simply is one of the most basic graviturgical spells."

  "But you invented it," Caleb protested, painfully aware that he sounded like a child, yet unwilling to concede regardless. "So who are you to deem it easy or not?"

  "If you can find another graviturgist of my skill and experience, I'd be happy to discuss our shared craft and whether they think I'm being unfair," Essek drawled, closing his book with a snap. "Now, then," and he slid from the wooden desk into a standing position, though as he straightened, he began floating an inch off the ground.

  Caleb glared at him. "Now you're just showing off."

  "I'm teaching."

  "Not very well, apparently."

  "Do you have much teaching experience to compare, then?" Essek crossed his arms, drumming his finger erratically against the cover of his spellbook. Caleb continued to glare. After a moment, Essek relented. "The problem is as I said earlier: your magic and your understanding of it is rooted in malleability. Not even transmutation perhaps, but simply the belief that everything is inherently changeable. That's untrue."

  "It's clearly not untrue, else I wouldn't be able to perform magic," Caleb cut in.

  Essek waved his hand dismissively. "Your casting is only as strong as your weakest abilities. If you truly want to learn graviturgy, you must reassess your own understanding of the field of magic."

  Caleb sighed explosively. "You're telling me that I must undo years, decades of magical understanding and research in order to do a, a," he waved his hand toward Essek, who pointedly lifted his float up a foot off the ground. "A parlour trick?"

  "It's not about the spells," Essek bit out, eyes narrowed. "It's about understanding the building blocks. To control your own gravity field is the easiest principle. You are aware of your own self and your proximity to other objects, and this spell allows you to manipulate the force holding you down and to expand or contract it." He hesitated, and Caleb could see him mentally recalculating. "You need not unlearn all your teachings, and it would be perhaps hypocritical for me, less learned that I am, to tell you how to practice magic. However, graviturgy requires from the caster some form of grounding. Something unequivocal and unchanging that they can fixate upon. It acts as a kind of centering for your own magical abilities. You could think of your components in such a way."

  "Are spell components not inherently transmutative objects?" Caleb tried not to sound deeply skeptical, and failed.

  Essek was practically vibrating in place with displaced annoyance, floating slightly higher and leaning back, as if propped against an invisible wall. "Now you're being purposely obtuse."

  "I'm not!" Caleb protested. "Components are material objects, usually non-magical, which are drawn on by the Weave to become a tangible magical effect! Their sole purpose is to change into a new form!"

  "They are tools that we use to conduct magical essence through in order to capture and channel it into an effect that we control," Essek replied haughtily. "If they were transmutative, then why are they not always consumed by the spell?"

  "If they were simply tools for channeling, then why wouldn't we use a focus?" Caleb retorted, and Essek rolled his eyes.

  "We are at an impasse," he said flatly, as Caleb seethed. "The simple matter at hand is that graviturgy requires you to consider magic in a different dimension, and if you are unable to do so, you will not be able to work with it."

  "And what does that mean for our deal, hm?" Caleb bit back, and immediately regretted his words. Essek's eyes narrowed and he dropped to the ground with a thump, striding across the room and stopping mere inches from Caleb's face. Up close, Caleb realised that Essek was slightly shorter, giving him a clear view of the smattering of white freckles across the bridge of his nose.

  "How dare you." He hissed, and Caleb refocused, sensing  all of Essek's 120 years of life in those words and feeling suddenly very small indeed. "How dare you renege on our promise because you are unable to open your mind enough to ideas of magic that expand beyond your little Empire tricks. You have told me numerous times what a gift this is, how rare, how special an opportunity it would be for you, and yet you back out at the first sign of difficulty? What kind of a scholar are you?"

  "You're right," Caleb said, and watched as Essek's wild eyes searched his, looking for all the world as if he intended to continue his rant. Instead he deflated, taking a half-step back with a sneer, the sharp point of one canine poking out from above his lip. Caleb continued. "I apologize. I'm used to being challenged in every aspect of my day-to-day except for magic, and it is... humbling. To say the least. But you're right, that is not a good enough reason to back out."

  "Few things would be," Essek said, tone guarded.

  "I agree," Caleb acquiesced. He looked away, fingers skirting over his closed spellbook. He let out a self-deprecating laugh. "I admit, it's been a very long time since I had to learn something from the beginning. It is a novelty to discover the downsides to being self-taught when it has served me so well all these years."

  There was a pause then, a swelling silence that wasn't quite comfortable, but lacked the tension from a few seconds prior. Essek broke it, and his voice was cautious as he spoke. "Have you truly been alone so long?"

  "Yes." Caleb didn't look at him as he spoke, but thought of what Fjord had said. He was alone for so long before us. Oh, how those words echoed.

  Another pause, and then: "Perhaps we frame this as a challenge, then."

  "What?" Caleb looked up then, at Essek's now-rueful look.

  "I will be teaching you graviturgy," Essek continued, his self-assuredness bordering on arrogance. "So the problem is not the spells so much as it is discovering what grounds you. What Caleb Thelyss believes to be unchanging."

  "So our lessons will consist of listing out ideas?" Caleb leaned against the desk at his back, absently drawing his spellbook up to stow it in his pocket dimension.

  "Whatever works," Essek shrugged. "We are inventors, are we not? Surely we can mobilize our ingenuity somehow."

  "Somehow," Caleb echoed, standing and rolling his shoulders in a stretch. He caught Essek's eye before he turned to leave, reaching his hand out to catch lightly at Essek's forearm. "Thank you."

  Essek didn't pull away, but his gaze was careful and searching when he responded. "As long as you remember our agreement."

  Caleb drew his hand back, inclining his head in silent acceptance. He didn't think he could have forgotten their agreement if he tried.
  ⬡
  
     
  
  (Cleb's lovely art for this scene, as well as bonus Xhorhas sibs!!!!!!! Thank you!!!!! Find more of Cleb's art at their tumblr @kaetor!)

  
    Chapter Text
    It was, perhaps, testament to how long Caleb had been in Rosohna that he wasn't still scared out of his wits by Deirta Thelyss. Though, the true accomplishment was less that he wasn't scared of her and more that she actually liked him. He hadn't realised that that part was so strange until after a Den meeting in those early days, when Verin had pulled him aside and hesitantly asked if he had enchanted his mother, because why else would she have laughed at his numerous etiquette missteps at dinner instead of throwing him out on his face. These days it was Verin who came to Caleb about issues pertaining to the Umavi, and he was actually her son, in blood rather than simply name.
  So, all that to say that Caleb liked the Umavi, and probably wouldn't have gotten very far in Rosohna if he hadn't liked her, let alone if the feeling hadn't been mutual. Which made it all the more difficult when she turned to him at their luncheon and said with a bright smile, "You've met Essek, haven't you?"

  Caleb had been avoiding meeting with her for weeks now, pushing back their monthly luncheon almost to the point of interfering with the next scheduled date. The rest of the Den, too, surely had an idea of what would conspire during their meeting, and any who had been invited had politely declined... or they had graciously accepted at first and Verin, who had multiple times over promised Caleb that he would be there, had threatened them into changing their answer. Caleb didn't want to think of the headache that would result from the answer being the latter—he'd be smoothing that one over for weeks—but privately thought he might send Verin flowers or those cupcakes he liked, should it prove true.

  Nevertheless, Caleb chanced a glance across the table at Verin, who was pointedly staring at his soup, eating slowly and with great focus. He understood that he was alone in this conversation, Verin acting more as moral support than anything else, and turned with a kind smile back to Deirta. She was dressed informally—or, at least, as informally as one could be when one was an Umavi. Her dress was bright white, straight cut and tied at the shoulders with silver vinelike clasps, matching the belt that cinched at her waist. Her hair was in its usual braids, immaculate and oiled to shining, and carefully tied back in an elaborately woven bun. Her earrings were hung with silvery chains, and Caleb couldn't help but notice how similar they were in style to Essek's, a comparison that was difficult not to draw when Verin's ears were comparatively bare, with only simple studs at his earlobes.

  "I have met with him, yes."

  "Tell me what you thought of him," she lowered her chopsticks, resting her chin in hand as she turned her riveted gaze to Caleb. "I do think you two are so similar."

  Caleb didn't dare look at Verin this time. "He is an interesting man. I think he's incredibly talented in the dunamantic sciences, and he seems very adept. He'd have to be if he's survived all these years as a mercenary."

  "Oh, that's such an ugly word," Deirta pursed her lips, waving her long, elegant fingers dismissively. "Mercenary. It's hardly better than an assassin. But I digress: have you spoken at length? What has he said of his return to Rosohna?"

  "I was under the impression that he visited you not long ago?" Caleb chanced, and saw in his periphery that Verin glanced up, watching the exchange intently now.

  "He did, but he was very ill at ease. He refused to stay, and insisted he was only visiting and would be too busy to return." Her tone betrayed her annoyance, and she gave Caleb a private look. "I am reminded often that he is on his first life. New souls are prone to that kind of behaviour."

  Caleb, very carefully, continued to not look at Verin. "Indeed? Was he here for so little time?"

  "Yes, but I also intended for him to stay here, with me," she straightened, dabbing at her mouth delicately with a cloth. "Like I said, mercenary work is unbefitting. He was born to do greater things."

  Caleb took that brief moment to eat some of his own meal, trying to parse how he could navigate the rest of this conversation. "Perhaps he is only wary of the Bright Queen's reaction to such an offer."

  "I can handle Leylas," Deirta smiled. "She would not begrudge me my son's success."

  "I'm unsure if she is entirely trusting of the, ah, Mighty Nein," Caleb said carefully. "And Essek has very much aligned himself with them."

  "He was simply doing what needs must," Deirta folded her hands together delicately, resting her elbows on the table and her chin on the backs of her hands. "I will not hold these past few decades against him. But he is not a child any longer. He cannot keep adventuring. It is time for him to come home."

  "I think the returning of the Beacon was enough to allow him back in the city," Caleb replied honestly. "I'm unsure if she'll agree to greater terms."

  "Caleb, do you not wish for Essek to return to Rosohna? To take up his rightful place here amongst us?" Her expression didn't change, but her tone was hardened and sharper.

  "I would be fascinated to see what he could do if he returned to Den Thelyss," Caleb corrected. "But I worry this is asking too much of our Queen."

  "Then I suppose we will not be asking our Queen," Deirta hummed, and somehow Caleb doubted that meant she would be dropping the subject. "Now, finish your meal. You're looking so thin these days."

  Caleb did, and the rest of their lunch passed cautiously, but nicely. He stepped from the Umavi's home some time later, and made his way slowly around one side to wait by the ancient Everdim tree that hung over the gate of her property and into the street. It's bulbous white flowers were nearly in bloom, the faintly luminescent stamens beginning to glow brighter with each passing day. Beneath it, Caleb turned idly and reached up, plucking a flower from the tree and leaning down to carefully murmur words into its folds. The flower began to unfurl, blossoming within his palms and revealing its centre, where a small fluttering black bird sat, breathing quickly.

  "Hallo,"  Caleb said softly. "Would you be my ears for a little while?"

  The bird fluttered up onto his shoulder as the flower fell away to just petals, and Caleb turned back around at the sound of approaching footsteps.

  "Fuck," Verin said emphatically as he rounded the corner, picking up his pace when he caught sight of Caleb. As soon as he made it to Caleb's side, they had already begun walking, Verin leading them away from the Lucid Bastion and into the depths of the city. They always did this after a Den meeting, gathering at the same place and departing together, either to one of their homes—when Caleb picked—or to a new tavern, at Verin's behest.

  "Fuck," Caleb agreed just as emphatically, hands twisting into familiar gestures as he shifted his and Verin's forms into that of two well-dressed bugbears.

  Verin looked down at himself, plucking at his illusory robes. "How's my hair?"

  "Trademarked beautiful locs, as always."

  Verin preened, but sobered quickly. "Caleb, about today..."

  "I just need to know," Caleb sucked in a breath, trying to process his own emotions in real time. On his shoulder, the small bird hopped back and forth, hidden by the Seeming illusion but still watching their surroundings. "Does she want to oust me? Is that what this is about?"

  "No," Verin shook his head emphatically. "No, she loves you."

  "But?"

  "But Essek is her prodigy," Verin sighed. "He's her first new soul in decades, and for him to have ascended through the ranks as fast as he did, well..."

  "What of you?" Caleb protested. "You're a new soul as well, and doing damn fine."

  "Thank you, my friend," Verin coughed. "But you know Essek was positioned to become Shadowhand. And for her to have lost him—at such a pivotal point in his career nevertheless—has always been a defeat she could not bear to accept."

  Caleb tsked. "He's not coming back, you know."

  "I know."

  "He told me himself."

  "So you have met with him?" Verin looked over, surprised. "I wasn't sure."

  Caleb sighed. "He's teaching me graviturgy. And I'm helping him with transmutation."

  "My, haven't we been busy."

  "I don't even know if I like him, to be honest," Caleb snorted, and Verin threw back his head and laughed at that.

  "If that isn't the most accurate impression of Essek, I don't know what is," he grinned, and shook his head. "Any eyes?"

  Caleb shifted his shoulder in question, and the bird didn't move. "No, none that stick out."

  "Good." Verin seemed to be leading them both to the Gallimaufrey, and Caleb lamented the work that he ought to have been doing instead of drinking. "So, you've met Essek. What do you think he's planning?"

  Caleb shook his head. "I have no idea. It's something to do with transmutation." Caleb hesitated, pretending to check on the fey spirit as he collected his thoughts. "He came back to Rosohna for the Empire prisoner, the halfling. Whatever he's staying in Rosohna for, it isn't to reconnect with family."

  Verin stumbled in place and Caleb stopped, reaching out an arm to him as Verin stared down at the cobblestone underfoot. When he continued it was at a slower pace, though no less directed. "I knew that. I really did but, well, I suppose I didn't want it to be true. It's good to have the confirmation, though."

  "Verin, I'm sorry."

  "No," Verin tucked his hands behind his back, resuming his original pace and lifting his head high. "You have nothing to apologize for. It's why I asked, I knew that you could get the correct read on him."

  "Do you know why he returned?"

  "Fuck if I've ever understood anything he does," Verin scoffed, and it was Caleb's turn to laugh. "What about you, though?"

  "What about me?"

  "Mother won't give this up." Verin warned as they rounded a corner that opened out onto a wide square. A band of musicians played a riotous tune on a makeshift stage to the far side of the square, and petty mages performed minor tricks as they wound throughout the crowd. Only half of them looked as though they intended to steal their audience's changepurses, so it was a good day indeed. The pair came to a stop on the edge of the square, and Caleb leaned up against a shoddy cart that had been repurposed to sell cabbages. The owner seemed to be away, and Caleb took the time to survey the bustle, reminding himself why he did all this, and who he did it for. No more lost children. No more left behind on either side.

  "She seems quite single-minded these days."

  "She does," Verin agreed hesitantly. And then, "I worry."

  "I do as well."

  "Good," Verin leaned against the cart with him, seeming to understand that he needed a moment. "Thank you. I know she's your business as well, but... it is reassuring for me to hear regardless."

  "Do you think I need to worry?" Caleb asked then, and wasn't sure if he ought to feel embarassed by his own question.

  "You always worry," Verin rejoined, but turned serious quickly. "I do not think the Bright Queen could be swayed enough for Essek to take up the mantle that he was once promised. I also don't think he wants it. But I do not believe my mother will let her dreams of seeing it be done die without trying, and I don't know what she'd risk to achieve them."

  "You think she'd risk me?"

  "I think," he hesitated, and cast a glance over one shoulder. Caleb gave a minute shake of the head as his fey spirit continued to see nothing out of the ordinary. "I think that she has achieved much in her lifetimes, and as she has aged, fewer and fewer things have stood in her way."

  "A human wouldn't change that."

  "No," Verin's voice was soft, careful, and Caleb felt like he was made of glass. "She has overcome much more than one human."

  There was a moment of silence then, and Caleb struggled to figure out his own mind, head reeling at the implications and ruin that this mess could end in. He was only just beginning to reflect on what this meant for his promise to Essek—and how wrought that was, now that the madness Essek feared in his mother would see him usurp Caleb—when the fey on his shoulder let out a sharp chirrup. He whirled around, just in time to be whacked over the head by a wooden stick. "Ow!"

  "Get off my cart, al-absterid!" A short drow man twirled the stick in place, lifting it higher and swinging it towards Verin, who let out a yelp. "This is private property!"

  "Fuck, yes, okay, we're leaving!" Verin cried, grabbing at Caleb blindly and hauling him into the square. A few passerby seemed to notice their commotion, jeering at them or the seller in turn. Verin cast his eye around. "Still up for a pint?"

  "And maybe some ice for my head," Caleb agreed with a wince. He dropped their Seeming spell, casting an eye over his shoulder at the shopkeeper and grinning broadly as the man's face went ashen with recognition. Verin only laughed, pulling Caleb towards his tavern of choice before he could do any more damage.

  
  
    ⬡
  

  "So now that I've mastered all that transmutation has to offer," Essek began, as he swirled his finger in a slow figure eight through the air, a small stream of water following his movements as it gently shifted hues from clear to a soft lavender and back. "Are there any other branches of Empire magic that you think I ought to learn? Perhaps I should put my energy into creating a new dunamantic subdiscipline? Again, that is."

  "Yes, ha ha, continue with your witty little jokes," Caleb glanced up from his book to watch Essek's casting. The elf raised an eyebrow at his appraising look, flicking his fingers outwards and sending the water in a spray toward Caleb. Years of practice had taught him not to flinch, and he was vindicated as Essek drew his fingers back into a fist, the shimmering water droplets briefly suspended in the air, frozen, before they were wrenched backwards to pool in liquid form back in Essek's palm. Caleb cleared his throat, looking back down at his book. He pointedly brushed at the page, where Essek had missed a few stray frozen drops that were now beginning to melt on the paper. "...As I was saying. It's important you master control of at least one base element. Technically speaking, we're well past the belief that everything is made up of only four elements but it still helps, I think."

  "You are the teacher." Essek was being obvious about his boredom, shunting the stream of water in jagged lines through the air.

  "We've established that I am not, in fact," Caleb corrected. He stopped on one page from early in his spellbook with a triumphant sound. "Ah, excellent, okay. So, in light of our previous conversation—"

  "Which one?"

  "—in which we discussed the, ah, differences between dunamancy and Empire magic, I thought that we would only continue to hit a wall should I try and teach you magic how I understand it."

  Essek was using both hands to shape the water like a lump of clay now, fingers twitching as the swirling mass was prodded and poked into a decidedly ugly form. Caleb continued. "So, though I have yet to master your gravity-based levitation spell, I believe that if you were to learn the Empire's Levitate spell, it would provide you with an example to contrast against your own practice. Hopefully the comparison will grant you new insight."

  "That's interesting," Essek turned to face Caleb fully, looking thoughtful. His boredom had fully gotten the better of him and as he turned the water splashed, forgotten, onto the desk. Caleb winced. They had cleared it off earlier in preparation for their potential casting, but still. What if the wood flooring warped? "I appreciate the workaround. And you said you have this spell?"

  "Yes," Caleb handed Essek his spellbook delicately, wary of the water now dripping off the sides of the table. Almost absently, Essek's fingers flickered and the droplets began to fall upwards from the floor, the puddle on the table rippling at the effect but otherwise motionless.

  "All told, this is rather rudimentary," Essek hummed as he skimmed the pages.

  "We cannot all be dunamantic prodigies who redefine subdisciplines in our chosen field," Caleb scoffed. He leaned over the table, palming a small flame and beginning to turn the puddle to steam. "Some of us must be confined to laying the groundwork and filling in the knowledge gaps."

  "Are you staying while I copy this?" Essek ignored his words, glancing up from the book. "There's tea in the kitchen, if you would like. And likely some cupcakes too."

  "Cupcakes?" Caleb stared. Beneath his hand, the water began to boil and he hastily shifted his palm as the steam began to burn the tips of his fingers.

  "They're a bit sweet," Essek shrugged, looking back down at the page, his finger skimming through the air and absently mimicking the equations while he read. "There are some rarer flavours though. Have you ever had a rasp-berry? They're very good."

  "Yes," Caleb said faintly, somewhat bewildered. "They're very common in parts of the Zemni Fields."

  "Mm," Essek was reaching for his spellbook now, fully entrenched in the new reading material. The table now dry, he spread his book open upon it with one hand, the other still holding Caleb's own spellbook gingerly. He moved methodically, next fishing for a quill in the small travellers' bag that he had dropped at his feet. Caleb watched on, oddly fascinated by Essek's own fascination with his work. The drow continued. "We can't grow them in Rosohna, and the Menagerie Coast was far too humid, I'm told. Or simply too hot."

  "The Menagerie Coast?" Caleb had made to leave, but quickly resettled in his seat, listening intently.

  Essek's gaze flicked up from his reading, then looked back down just as fast. "Where I met Jester and Fjord. It's where we started out."

  "I can't imagine that was an ideal home for you," Caleb commented wryly. Essek looked up from the book again, frowning over the top of it in question. Caleb gestured vaguely to his own face and back at Essek. "Because, ah, the sun?"

  "Oh," Essek set down Caleb's spellbook with careful movements, rubbing absently at his nose and the dusting of white freckles there. Caleb couldn't tell if they were partially bioluminescent or not, and he was somewhat alarmed at how much he wished to know. "Yes. Well. I got by somehow."

  "Somehow?"

  "The cupcakes go very well with the green tea," Essek bent low over his spellbook, beginning to take cursory notes already and ignoring Caleb's question pointedly. "The bitterness offsets the sweetness."

  Caleb could only laugh at the elf's obvious avoidance, getting up and making his way toward the kitchen. Thankfully, the coast was clear of the rest of the Nein, and he returned triumphant, placing the last raspberry cupcake beside Essek's spellbook on the table and settling back in his chair with tea for himself. If he had any doubts about whether Essek was skimming his book for other spells, they were quickly dismissed with one glance at how far the drow had gotten in copying out the spell before him.

  He seemed to have hit a roadblock just then however, brows furrowing as he pulled back slowly, picking at the cupcake. "So, the levitation itself, is it that the target is being altered into a state wherein it is able to levitate?" Caleb said nothing, watching Essek's mind work. He pulled a piece from the cupcake, frowning as he ate it. "Or, no, that doesn't make sense. I suppose the target itself could have its weight transmuted? Or the amount that gravity affects it?"

  "Empire magic doesn't deal in gravity much, save for this spell and a small handful of others," Caleb offered. "While it does require a specified target, I see it as the altering of the gravitational field around said target, to make it non-existent or lessened."

  "So you do understand gravitational fields," Essek hummed, brightening. He sat up in his seat. "I was beginning to fear you were a lost cause. Alright, so the target is not the true target, but the energy or amount of energy impacting it. I can work with that— Wait," Essek cut himself off, looking down at his hand and the half-eaten cupcake within. "This was for you."

  "I brought it back for you," Caleb shrugged. "It was the last in that flavour."

  "No, no," Essek protested, breaking the remainder into careful halves. "You said it was of your childhood. I can get these any time from Jester. She has hundreds more, surely."

  "Hundreds?" Caleb accepted the mangled cupcake, amused.

  "Of varying degrees of freshness, yes," Essek allowed.

  Caleb raised his eyebrow and made a show of checking his piece for signs of mold. Essek rolled his eyes, returning to his copying. "So your Levitate spell may target others, then? Fascinating."

  "Could yours not?"

  "I suppose it could if I tweaked it," Essek said absently, frowning at one part of the Levitate spell, mouthing equations silently between his commentary. After a moment he continued. "It would likely require more energy though. So it seems easier to simply use your magic."

  "Empire magic." Caleb corrected. "I am a chronurgist first and foremost."

  "And a faithful servant to the Dynasty above all else," Essek's voice was bright with false cheer, and Caleb chose to ignore the jibe. "The difference is that mine is more of an effect. A constant, rather than a spell that requires concentration or to be recast regularly."

  "That's interesting," Caleb sipped at his drink thoughtfully with one hand, drawing parchment from his pocket dimension with the other. "How did you get the idea?"

  "Experimentation, but I wanted to—" Essek cut himself off, pulling a face. For a moment the room was silent, and Caleb wondered if he ought to say something to fill it. But the drow continued, looking somewhat pained. "It was a new spell. I wanted to show it off, but never quite got the chance to."

  Caleb began to scribble out the bare bones of the Levitate spell he already knew, adding marginalia as he wrote in the places where he thought it could be adjusted to align with Essek's. "I'm sure it would have been very impressive."

  "It is very impressive," Essek retorted, but his ire seemed to be aimed elsewhere, away from Caleb. "But that's irrelevant now. There's nobody to impress with it."

  "It impressed me," Caleb said, drumming his quill on the parchment as he thought about sustained spell effects, and the calculations needed for their upkeep. It took him a moment to realise that the room had gone quiet again, and he looked up to see Essek staring at him. "What?"

  "No, it's—" Essek fluttered his hand uselessly. "I apologize for discounting you. I simply wish that much had been different."

  "A feeling I know well," Caleb said lightly, and didn't add that that very feeling was why he had fixated so strongly on chronomancy. Why else but the desire to change the past would one take up the practice of altering time? Academic curiosity only went so far, after all.

  Essek looked up from his writing, and his gaze was sharp. "How far have you gotten in it, though?"

  "In what?"

  Essek straightened in his seat, still focused on Caleb. "In altering time."

  Caleb stared back at him, and briefly wondered if Essek had cast Detect Thoughts on him. Except such a spell would have been rendered ineffective by his amulet, and he could only watch the drow carefully, trepidation keeping him from looking away.

  And then—BANG. The study door slammed open and Caleb jumped in his seat, whipping his head towards the entry as Essek coolly turned in his own chair to take in the figure at the door. "You can knock."

  "I was listening at the door for a sec to make sure you weren't, y'know, doing anything," Beauregard said as she sauntered into the room. She looked around, as if checking to see if anything had been disturbed, but Caleb noted how her eyes seemed to slide towards him. Always watching. "Can we talk?"

  "Is it pressing?" Essek asked, tapping the spellbook in hand. "I've only just finished copying this."

  "You're already finished?" Caleb couldn't help his incredulity, and Essek looked over at him, smug.

  "As I said, rudimentary."

  "Well," Caleb sniffed, vascillating between odd pride and annoyance—a vestige of jingoism for the Empire and its magic, not yet beaten out of him. "I'll leave you to your conversation, then."

  "Yeah, thanks," Beauregard was leaning over the table, staring directly at Essek, who was purposely ignoring her. He folded Caleb's spellbook closed, handing it back to him with no small degree of reverence, and Caleb swept from the room, closing the door behind him. He heard it lock almost immediately after, and didn't hesitate for a second before leaning against the adjoining wall and listening intently. The voices, from what he could hear, were muffled but still audible.

  "So, what the fuck are you doing, exactly?"

  "What's the issue now, Beau?"

  "You know he's using us, right? Or at the very least spying on us? Cad saw his guys trailing us in the market the other day."

  "Of course he is. We're a group of defectors, one of which previously defected from this very country. That would be me, if it was unclear."

  "Veth told me you're teaching him graviturgy."

  "So that's what this is about," Essek sighed, and there was a light thump, like a fist pounding against wood.

  "Yeah, that's what this is about! You're like a genius or whatever, and you're just spilling the only advantage we have over either side in this war to the first guy who flaunts his magic at you?"

  "Well, there was Yussa," Essek corrected. He sounded more amused than annoyed, and Caleb mentally noted the odd name, to cross-reference against later.

  "Essek."

  "I didn't want to go into detail, but I made a deal with him in exchange for my teaching him graviturgical basics."

  "Yeah, like you don't take every chance to brag about how you could solve any magic thing as long as you have the basics," Beauregard ground out. "The basics is just teaching him the foundations in order to do everything else. And what do you mean, a deal?"

  "I asked for information on my mother."

  "Oh for fuck's sake—"

  "Why are you so angry about this, Beau?" Essek's voice had dropped into something softer, more careful.

  Beauregard let out an explosive sigh. There was a pause, and then she spoke again, soft enough that Caleb had to lean in just slightly to hear. "I'm just worried. I still don't trust him, and I don't think you should either. He's not actually gonna tell you anything about your mom, dude."

  "We'll see," Essek replied, and that easy tone of his was back. Caleb tried to not feel sick.

  "Why would he? What does he have to gain?"

  Essek made a thoughtful sound. "I think he is offering me—us—aid at a cost to his own professional status," he pointed out. Beauregard scoffed, but he continued, talking over her. "He is already precariously positioned due to his being human. To offer his magic to an exiled drow is no small thing. He offered that freely, before he even knew about the extent of my own capabilities. He doesn't seem to be a zealot like the rest, so we can assume that he did not do so out of a moral obligation to the Luxon. Which leaves us with the obvious: that, at the very least, he wishes to see us succeed in our endeavours, with the belief that we will remain allies of the Dynasty."

  "Right, but if we ever need to cut and run, we'll have left the Dynasty with information on the one thing they want the most—second only to more Beacons."

  "No," Essek replied, and his voice was ironclad. "We will have left Caleb with that information."

  "So you don't think, if it came down to it, that he'd hand over whatever you've taught him to the BQ?" Beauregard's voice had risen slightly in pitch, incredulous. "Are you that naïve?"

  "I have faith, and I do not think it is unfounded," Essek said. Beauregard let out a sharp, humourless laugh.

  "Listen, I'm not gonna stand in your way, but I think it's a fuckin' dumb thing to do."

  "Noted."

  "And you're only doing it because you think he's hot."

  "That's unfair,"  Essek cut in, just as Caleb felt his stomach bottom out. He forced himself to keep listening. "Who are you to lecture me about these things?"

  "I've never tried to get in the pants of someone who turned their back on their home."

  Caleb felt nauseous. How much did Beauregard know of his past? She spoke with such authority, as if she knew what he had done, who he had worked under before his mind had broken and come back together and he had found a new home, under a sunless sky. But that had been over a decade ago, under a different name, and Caleb wondered not for the first time just how dangerous this group of mercenaries were.

  "Is that what I'm doing?" Essek's voice was scathing, but he never raised it higher than his usual intonation, keeping his obvious anger tightly controlled.

  "I don't know, is that what you're doing?"

  "Look," he softened, and Caleb heard the creak of wood as one of them, probably Beauregard, moved about the room. "You need to trust me in this, Beauregard.

  "I know." Her voice dipped, quietened as she seemed to pace the room. "I know."

  "I think he'll surprise us. But even if he doesn't, you know I wouldn't take any risks that I hadn't thought through first. I know the Dynasty, and I can plan my choices around it. Believe it or not, but I think this will help—well, me but the rest of us as well. It can be a step towards redemption, Beau. And I need that."

  "Yes, alright, okay, I get it." Beauregard grumbled. The creak of floorboards ceased. "You're the most responsible one, you always have been, blah, blah blah—and you don't need to pull the age card on me too, I know you were about to."

  "Well, I am almost a century your senior..."

  "Yeah, senior's a good choice of words," she sighed, and they were quiet together for a moment, before—"I still don't trust him, though."

  "I agree, it would be foolish to trust him. But I trust that he is taking risks with us and that those risks may make him unpopular in Court. It would make him significantly more popular if he were to simply hang us out to dry, or to rein in our leash. Instead, he's teaching me the magic of his past, knowing that doing so will aid us in our endeavors, whatever they may be. And because of that fact, I am making the educated guess that he does not wish to use us. At least, in the way you fear."

  "And you swear that none of this is because you wanna like, have his wizard babies or something?"

  "Oh right," Essek hummed, laughter in his voice now. "I forgot to add that I think he's very dashing and that all you would have needed to access my fancy spellbook a few weeks earlier in our travels was a pretty face."

  "You don't think I'm pretty?"

  "I think you're the prettiest girl I've ever met—don't tell the others—but, well." The scrape of a chair, the thump of a book on a table. "You are, unfortunately, still a girl and thus not quite the kind of pretty I prefer."

  "Wait, hold on, so it was because you thought he was pretty—!" Soft footsteps begun to approach the door, but Caleb was already at the other end of the hall, drawing his cloak and mantle about his shoulders as he pointedly peered out the window towards the street. The study door creaked open, and Caleb finished adjusting his robes carefully, looking back toward Essek. The other mage was already stepping to the door, making to pull it open before he suddenly stopped. Caleb held his breath.

  Essek's gaze fixated on him for one long, penetrating moment. "Were you listening in on our conversation?"

  "No." Caleb raised an eyebrow at the drow. "Why?"

  Essek's mouth curled into a smile as he opened the door fully, gesturing towards Caleb's face. "No glasses."

  Scheiße. "The light from your tree rather renders them unnecessary."

  "Hm," Essek only looked amused as Caleb stepped past him and onto their front stoop. The elf turned to lean against the door, still watching Caleb with that smile. "It's fine. I'm an open book, just as my spellbook is open to you."

  "You would characterize yourself as an open book?" Caleb asked.

  Essek laughed at that. "Perhaps it is in a language you cannot read."

  "There are spells for that," Caleb pointed out.

  "Yes," Essek agreed. "There are."

  And for the first time Caleb hesitated, there on the steps of the Mighty Nein's home, because he didn't want to leave. Essek's defense of him, no matter how unfounded, felt like something he did not deserve, and he was suddenly overwhelmed at the undeserved trust that the drow had in him. The guilt worked through him, making him want to stay longer, to not return to his own too-quiet mansion, which had an appropriate number of trees growing in appropriate places about the yard, and was sorely lacking entire walls of painted murals, and, yes, wouldn't have anyone in it who he could speak to like this.

  That final realization hit him like a ton of bricks, and Caleb knew he was supposed to smile and leave, maybe offer a farewell or a slight wave, even a bow, but instead he was standing there, aware of the milliseconds as they began to draw out into seconds while Caleb didn't move, still facing Essek.

  "Caleb?"

  Caleb blinked, and willed the feeling to dispel. "I apologize, my mind ran away from me. It must be the stress of the war, or any number of things."

  "I can't imagine we have made things much easier for you either," Essek sympathized. And then, perhaps because he was cruel after all, added, "Would you care to stay for dinner? It might help, or at least take your mind off it all."

  Caleb was shaking his head before he was even aware of what he was doing. "Nein, no, I must go. Perhaps next time."

  "I'll hold you to that," Essek straightened in the doorway, his smile soft and hazy, lit by the flickering blue of the arcane flames within the mansion.

  Caleb only nodded mutely, turning around and making his way into the Rosohna streets. He didn't look back, only ducked into the first alley he could find to cast a hasty Teleport back to his own abode, trying to ignore the deafening silence that filled the space, and failing.

  
    Chapter Text
    In truth, Caleb should have known that the Mighty Nein would make some kind of unmerciful request of him. He was surprised that it had taken them this long, if he was being honest with himself. And the fact that it came in the form of a Sending spell sent at some alarming hour in the morning was, well, par for the course.
  Caleb! The piercing voice of Jester announced as he jerked upright in bed, fingers instinctively readying a flame in hand. She continued: Sorry—Shadowhand! We were wondering if you could take us somewhere quickly? Like a teleport? It would be soooo helpful. Essek says hi! Wait— and the voice cut off. Caleb's palms were pressed to his eyes, half because he was still mostly asleep, and half at the ludicrous message he had just received. He tried to parse the important details, and respond in kind.

  "Jester. I know Teleport, yes. I can take your group along, but it is volatile. Let me know what you require, come morning." He paused, but his manners won out in the end, and he added, knowing full well that the man would not hear him, "Hi Essek."

  He fell back on his bed, dragging his blanket over himself and pulling it further up to cover his head. He was only just falling back asleep when Jester's voice broke through his stupor once more. Caleb, I am SO sorry. Did I wake you up? Thank you so so much. Also how are you? Good? We're doing okay, but Veth—

  Caleb was flat on his back now, staring blindly up at his ceiling. He considered saying nothing, but that felt distinctly cruel, considering the depth of Jester's apology. "It's fine. Please leave me to sleep now, though. I do not know what a Veth is, but I hope it is alright. Good night."

  And with that, he rolled over and forced himself to fall asleep.

   ⬡

  "We really are very grateful, Mister Shadowhand," Caduceus was saying. Caleb was only half-listening, the other half of his brain trying desperately to make sense of the absurd situation that he had put himself in.

  "So you're—" he yawned, covering his mouth a moment too late. "Apologies. You're going where, precisely?"

  "The Flotket Alps," Fjord said, after a beat of him studying the map in his hands. He turned it around to show Caleb, who scanned it carefully, committing it to memory. "Specifically Kravaraad."

  "I can't say I'm familiar," Caleb frowned. He looked towards the rest of the group. "That may make this more difficult. Aside from the fact that you are asking me to take you to an active volcano."

  "It's really very safe," Caduceus soothed, and Caleb frowned.

  "Forgive me, I'm not entirely clear on how an active volcano could be safe."

  "Well, you just don't go in or get too close," Caduceus smiled, his drooping ears pulling upwards slightly at his words.

  "We would truly appreciate this," Essek said, stepping forward and in front of the firbolg. Distantly, Caleb was reminded of their early meetings, when Essek had hid behind his companions. He was impressed, that such a relatively short time would prompt the drow into being more direct and upfront, at least with him. He thought that any of his attempts at combating his own past would have been met with significantly more failures—or worse. 

  Caleb looked to Essek. "Do not mistake my hesitance for me reneging on my promise. I intend to teleport you wherever it is the you wish to go, but I only want to emphasize that things could go poorly."

  "I'm sure it'll be fine Cay-leb," Jester was rocking back and forth on her heels. "You're like, super powerful right?"

  "Very."

  "Well then, we should be fine, right?"

  "One can only hope," he agreed, and pulled his spellbook from his Wristpocket, skimming through it briefly to recall the incantation before replacing it. When he glanced up, he frowned at the sight of the Mighty Nein gathered in a circle, clasping hands.

  "Ah—" he began, making to explain exactly how the Teleport spell worked, before he felt a hand take his. He glanced down at the lavender palm now in hand, then back up at Essek.

  The drow shrugged, amused. "Consider it a good luck charm." 

  Caleb hesitated but didn't protest, even when he felt small, tentative fingers grasp at his other hand. He glanced down to his left and felt his chest tighten at the sight of Nott, who blinked back up at him with a smile. "Are we ready to go?"

  "Yes," Caleb said, swallowing around the tightness in his throat. He ignored the feeling. "Yes, I think we are."

  He looked around the circle at the others before closing his eyes and murmuring the incantation under his breath. In his right hand, he felt Essek's hand squeeze his, and when his eyes opened, he was already wincing at the harsh whiteness that swirled about their little circle.

  "You did it!" Jester pulled away first, twirling in place and falling back into the snow, starting in on a snow angel.

  "I... did not expect that to work," Caleb said wonderingly. They seemed to have landed in a small caldera of sorts, the side steep but crumbling, and Caleb frowned. There didn't seem to be anywhere of particular note where he could set up a Teleportation Circle, and he resigned himself to using up all of his abilities in this little jaunt. Just then, he felt Nott pull away and he glanced down to his right, where Essek's palm was still warm and slightly calloused in his.

  "Very impressive," the drow said, sliding his other hand absently under the collar of his shirt. From beneath it, he drew out the pendant from before, turning it over in hand. He grinned up at Caleb. "We were successfully able to make it work the other day. We did have to go out into the Ghostlands to test it, but it was worth it."

  "Truly? But why do you need it now?"

  "Needs change," Essek said mysteriously, and pulled his hand from Caleb's—he did not miss the contact, he did not, it was just the loss of warmth—before leaning down towards Nott, who had made her way to his side. "Don't you dare lose it."

  "The very fact that you think I might is quite hurtful," the goblin said primly. Essek snorted, but reached down to work at something on his hand. Caleb realised that it was a ring, silver in colour and engraved with a half-moon that entwined with a radiant sun to form a full circle. Essek placed it delicately in Nott's palm, and Caleb wondered if he should look away. The moment felt oddly intimate, there in the middle of a blustery snowstorm with Essek's small, soft smile.

  Except had he been looking away, he would have missed as the goblin slid the ring onto her finger—somehow a perfect fit—and suddenly she was not a goblin, but a halfling. She stretched in place, now slightly taller, her skin a deep brown with thick, glossy black hair. Her clothes were the same, and Caleb realised belatedly that they fit her new self perfectly; she must have known she was going to change form.

  Essek straightened, smiling down at Nott. "You look beautiful. You looked beautiful before, but I must say, this form suits you much better."

  "It does, doesn't it?" She asked, haltingly. She stretched her arms out, studying her new form with undisguised delight. "I wish we didn't have to be bundled up right now, I want to see myself."

  "You'll have plenty of time for that later," Essek assured her. "Besides, we should be safe with the Dusts soon, right?"

  And that was when Caleb heard it. Behind them, on a rocky ledge, the clatter of pebbles. He whirled around to see nothing, but caught Caduceus' eye. The firbolg narrowed his gaze, nodding back at Caleb in silent recognition before he reached down to pull Jester carefully into a standing position. "We've got company."

  "What do you mean—" Beauregard began, just as a blurry shape flung itself toward the group from behind that same ledge, torpedoing straight at Fjord with a flurry of arms and claws and snapping mouths. "Oh, fuck!"

  "That's really gross, you guys!" Jester was backing up behind Caduceus, her hands fluttering about in a way that looked suspiciously more like a... sensitive outline than an actual somatic gesture.

  Caleb was more concerned about the half-orc, Fjord, who was ducking and dodging the creature's flailing arms. It was letting out a chorus of wails from its multitude of mouths, and as Fjord tried to cover one ear, Caleb watched as a claw shot out from over its back, raking down his front. The half-orc let out a cry, opening up his flank for a clear deadly hit, before Caduceus' voice called out from across the caldera, his eyes flashing a bright green. "No!"

  And the creature's blow twisted, scraping at the half-orc's neck instead with a glancing scratch. Caleb didn't have time to boggle at the spectacle, stumbling backwards and dragging the knuckle of his forefinger across his opposing palm as the obsidian set into one of his many rings glowed a bright, luminous violet and his Resonant Echo pulled from his body, readying itself in a defensive stance as Caleb kept moving backwards. He looked warily around, and caught sight of Essek as the drow threw his hand out towards Beauregard. The human was racing towards the creature, angling her quarterstaff and, right as she plunged it into the snow to vault up and at the beast, Essek released his spell. There was a shimmer and a twist to the air around Beauregard, a lilac warping of her form as she seemed to blur and hasten, her fists clashing into the monster's flank in a rapid series of blows.

  Carefully, Caleb nudged his Echo away from himself, angling it purposefully in a more strategic position as he watched Caduceus slam his staff to the earth, rippling divine energy rolling off him and seeming to embolden several of his companions. Behind him, Jester had completed her spell and Caleb watched as an enormous lollipop burst into existence, its edges bladed with sharp, jutting spikes. She grinned sweetly and gripped its handle, letting out a cry as she flung herself forward towards the creature.

  Essek had pulled back, closer to Caleb at the back, and was scanning the field before him, calling out, "I think it's a troll, so fire and acid are ideal, Veth."

  And Caleb wasn't entirely sure what a Veth was, but heard a cackling laugh from somewhere to his left as a series of bolts flung inches past his ear and embedded deep within the troll. Fjord, who had scrambled free of its attacks when Beauregard had hit it a third time, narrowly missed being hit by the bolt. Which was a good thing for multiple reasons, not the least of which being that only seconds later, the two bolts exploded in a burst of sickly green ooze, a sharp chemical smell filling the space. Nott's voice chirped from somewhere on his right now, "Thanks, Essie!"

  Caleb wondered vaguely how, exactly, he had managed to end up in combat with this odd group of misfits, and surveyed the field briefly before twisting his hands in a wide, sweeping gesture. From across the caldera, he watched his Echo mirror his movements, and to his right, he thought he saw Essek straighten up in recognition, voice high and panicky as he called out, "Beau, watch out!"

  The Pulse Wave flung out from his Echo, and Caleb grimaced as it caught the edge of Beauregard's form. From across the way he could see her wince but hold strong and, as he had predicted, lash out at the troll as it was pushed past her area of reach. Even injured as she was, she still pummeled at its side with vicious abandon, only backing off when it moved out of reach and into Caleb's radius. He couldn't help the grin as he flung his other arm out, fingers splayed wide until its heads twisted and met his gaze, eyes narrowing in vicious anger.

  And then Caleb closed his fist and it was gone.

  "Where did it go?" Jester cried, having stepped back to Caduceus' side as Fjord scrambled to his feet.

  To his right, Essek was staring at him, but his expression was one of anger, and had Caleb not been concentrating fiercely on his spell, he might have wondered at why. Even through his anger, he still called out to the group, "Caleb shunted the troll for a moment. Take position, it'll be back in a few seconds."

  The Nein quickly pivoted and arranged themselves as Caleb drew further backwards. Essek joined him, positioning himself at the back and preparing a spell that Caleb didn't recognize. He spoke, voice hard and just loud enough over the whistling wind for Caleb to hear. "Your fire magic would be of great help right about now."

  "If you have some kind of issue with me, Essek, perhaps spit it out now, or wait until after this impromptu battle." Caleb retorted, and he could feel Essek's glare boring into him as his Temporal Shunt ended and the troll reappeared. Around him, the Nein let loose a flurry of spells and attacks on the creature, who let out a wailing screech from its place at the centre of the caldera. It twisted about in place and its eyes landed on Caleb again, just as he remembered that, unlike the Banishment spell, with Temporal Shunt the target did not recall being sent away. Which meant that its last target had been him. "Sheiße."

  He didn't waste a second more on thought, Essek's words ringing in his head as he grit his teeth and dragged components from his pocket that he hadn't used in over a decade. His hands moved almost of their own accord, and the vindication that Caleb felt—that he had prepared this spell every day since he had rediscovered his mind, all those years ago while staring into the Luxon's light—was second to the thrumming power that wound through every inch of himself as he whipped a swirling, storming Fireball towards the troll. The pounding rush of blood in his ears was louder than the commotion of battle around him, drowning out everything else, save for the lone, high scream of Beauregard as she scrambled out of the path of the Fireball, still taking a few stray licks of burning, flaring energy. Her single, piercing yell rang in his head, and the rush of adrenaline was sapped from him as quickly as it had come, leaving him frozen in place.

  "Caleb, watch out!" Essek's words were distant, ringing out all around him in a shimmery, shifting tone. Before him, the massive troll loomed and Caleb could only look up at it calmly, unable to move, mind detached from body as he stared down at himself, watching the troll begin to tear into him with vicious ease. He watched himself fall, even as Caduceus and Essek raced to his side, the spell that Essek had been holding now ripping from his palm with a fierce scream. Neon lavender energy exploded into a sphere around his body, enveloping Caduceus, Essek, and himself, and sending the troll flinging backwards in a warping, muted crash. It appeared dead, but Nott leapt down from wherever she had been perched to launch a series of red-hot arrows into its body. The troll convulsed and then lay still once more, oozing thick green slime into the sizzling snow.

  "Is he alright?" Essek asked, and Caleb wondered how he could hear the words. They were muted and distant, yet somehow whispered and close. Except Caleb was distracted just then by the smell of smoke on the horizon, or was it all in his mind? "Caduceus, is he going to be okay?"

  "Yes, yes, I'll have him up in a second," Caduceus' voice seemed to fade in and out as he began to slowly run his hand over Caleb's form, fingers eventually settling over his heart. "Those spells he cast—"

  "I know," Essek spat, and Caleb would have wondered at the vitriol in his voice, if he could have wondered at all.

  "Go easy on him," Caduceus said softly. "I don't think he's used to being a team player."

  "Then he'll learn."

  "Hm," Caduceus lowered the point of his staff to press lightly at Caleb's forehead. "You know, I think you're right. Oh, there we go. Here he is."

  And then Caleb was back. He blinked, vision blurred but clearing rapidly as Essek and Caduceus' faces came into sharp focus. Caduceus was smiling widely down at him, a serene look offset by Essek's narrowed grimace. He exhaled slowly, and then Essek was standing and storming away leaving only Caduceus, still smiling but now with ears that drooped low. "How are you?"

  "Worse than I've been in years," Caleb replied, and began to struggle to sit up. He was only slightly embarassed at needing Caduceus' aid to do so, glancing around the caldera slowly. Much of the group seemed to be clustered around Beauregard, save for Nott, who was poking the troll with a crossbow bolt, seemingly searching for something of use. Caleb ducked his head, mind ringing at the effort of recollecting the last few minutes. He looked to Caduceus, who was still crouching at his side, though he was watching the small cluster of his companions with concern. "You can go to them if you wish. I can manage now that you've, ah, brought me back."

  "No, no," Caduceus looked back at Caleb, frowning. "Mister Shadowhand, perhaps it isn't my place, but have you ever travelled with a group before?"

  "In small parties for protection," Caleb replied. "Why?"

  "Hm," Caduceus frowned further, looking down and then back up at his companions. Caleb followed his gaze, catching sight of Essek, bent at Beauregard's side but whose eyes were fixed on him with a sharp, angry glare. Oh.

  "Is he angry that I hurt your friend?" Caleb asked, turning back to the cleric.

  "I think he's angry about a lot of things," Caduceus replied, standing slowly. He looked down at Caleb with a rueful smile, holding out a hand to help him up. "But that is certainly one of them, yes."

  Caleb held his tongue as he was hoisted up by the firbolg, though his annoyance simmered low and hot in his gut. He pushed it down, away, and looked about the caldera. "I'm afraid I may not be able to Teleport back at the moment. Did you have somewhere specific where you were planning to rest?"

  "Oh, there's bound to be a cave around here somewhere," Caduceus smiled brightly, and before Caleb could reply, he began to amble over to the others, leaving Caleb alone and cold.

  As it turned out, nobody knew of a cave nearby, which felt par for the course. Caleb stayed farther back, still discomfited by the idea of getting too close—both literally and figuratively. Briefly, he considered Sending to Verin, who he knew could pull some strings and Teleport him away, but he wasn't entirely sure he wished to push his luck with Essek just then, and he was still unclear about the brothers' relationship. So he palmed a small flame and set about burning the troll's corpse, careful to control the smoke so is it dissipated quickly. He oddly appreciated how mangled and oozing green it was, inhuman enough to not raise memories that he wished to keep buried down deep, especially after he had already fallen under the thrall of weakness when Beauregard had gotten hit.

  He was about halfway through the project and beginning to get used to the smell of charred troll flesh when he heard the crunch of snow behind him. He turned to see Fjord, who was stumbling his way through the snowbank and trying to follow Caleb's own footsteps, but failing. "Hey."

  "Hallo."

  "So, uh," Fjord gave up, feet splayed halfway between two footprints in the snow as he spread his arms for balance. "Jester talked to her god and she found a nearby cave. Cad said you couldn't Teleport?"

  "Not presently," Caleb admitted. "I'd need a Teleportation Circle, and to be honest, I don't feel entirely safe hunting for one right now."

  "Yeah, you did get kinda fucked up," Fjord agreed. He paused. "I think we were all gonna just sleep if you, um, wanted to join? It'll be safer in a group."

  "Do the rest of your companions wish for me to be there?" Caleb asked, and tried to keep the judgement from his voice.

  Fjord looked away, awkward but not deceptive. He seemed genuinely unsure how to navigate this conversation and Caleb smiled. He thought they must have been quite similar in age all told, though he guessed that perhaps he had been made to grow up much faster than this strangely-accented half-orc. He threw him a lifeline. "You need not disclose any of the conversations you've had. And believe me when I tell you that I've heard and dealt with worse things being said about me."

  "Yeah, I can imagine," Fjord lowered his arms, seeming to have found a position that didn't leave him flailing.

  "If you don't want me to stay, I'll take an hour or so to rest and then set out." Caleb hesitated, then flung a Firebolt at the troll behind him, well and truly destroying it. He turned back towards Fjord, who was watching him with an odd expression. Caleb only moved past him, heading to join the rest of the group.

  
  
    ⬡
  

  The cave, as it turned out, was the troll's den. Which felt fitting, all told. Caleb peered about as he entered, holding the flame up to the low ceiling and inspecting the walls as he searched for a space dry enough for his chalks to work. Every inch of the den seemed to be covered in some kind of slime, of varying amounts ranging from a thin sheen to a thick sludge. The sludge mostly coated the ground, and Essek stepped up beside Caleb with a raised eyebrow. Caleb looked over at him, noting with amusement that the drow was floating an inch above the ooze at their feet, though Essek didn't acknowledge his look. He turned back to the rest of the Nein. "I can cast the dome a bit past the entrance, unless someone wishes to venture deeper in?"

  "I need to find a space to cast my Teleportation Circle," Caleb chipped in, mainly to force Essek's acknowledgement.

  The drow glanced back at him but addressed the group at large when he spoke. "Do the rest of you want to wait?"

  "Can you get rid of any of this, uh—" Nott began, waving about her feet, which were engulfed in the mess.

  Essek sighed. "Half the members of our group know the Control Water spell, just melt some snow and clear off the floor. My Echo can hold the dome until I'm back."

  "See, this is why we bring him along," Beauregard jabbed Essek in the ribs and he winced, lifting his hands to both bat away the monk's quick, prodding fingers and to cast his Resonant Echo. Caleb watched on, fascinated as Essek's Echo formed and rapidly began to move its hands in the somatic gesture for a Tiny Hut. The domed shape swelled out from the Echo, and Caleb watched Essek's hands snap together, his fingers twisting and interlocking as the Echo shifted, shuddered, and froze in place, the dome made stable by the Echo, which itself had been fixed in time by Essek's magic.

  Essek dropped his hands, turning back to face Caleb. "Shall we?"

  Caleb nodded mutely as Essek moved deeper into the cave. He glanced back briefly, just as the rest of the Nein piled into the Hut, chattering to the Echo as if it was an old friend. It didn't respond but they didn't seem to mind, and Caleb turned to follow Essek.

  Lighting the flame in hand, Caleb had to race to catch up to the drow, whose movement was unimpeded by the slimy ground beneath Caleb's feet. The cave, too, wound and twisted oddly, and Caleb only made it to Essek's side once they were at least a hundred feet inside. The drow still wasn't acknowledging him, and Caleb was starting to feel annoyed by the theatrics. "It is after the battle."

  "Excellent assessment of time, chronomancer." Essek tilted his head up to look at the dripping ceiling. He grimaced.

  "I told you that if you had an issue with me, to bring it up afterwards."

  "Indeed."

  "Are we children, Essek?" Caleb asked, and he drew to a stop, reaching out to grasp at Essek's sleeve with his free hand. "What is wrong with you?"

  "What's wrong with me?" Essek snapped, tearing his arm from Caleb's grip sharply as he pivoted to face him. "What's wrong with you?"

  "I do not know, but doubtless you will inform me," Caleb crossed his arms, watching Essek and waiting, the firelight dimming.

  The drow grit his teeth. "Today. Your spells injured Beau. Quite a bit."

  "I am aware."

  "You did that on purpose."

  "My intent was to end the fight as soon as possible," Caleb retorted flatly. "I did not intend for Beauregard to end up in the crossfire, but guessed that she would be hardy enough to endure it."

  "That's not the point!" Essek cried, and for a moment they both froze, waiting to hear if Essek's voice had carried into the ears of any unwanted creatures further in. After a long moment, they deemed the coast clear and Essek dropped his voice into a sharp hiss. "You do not hurt your allies in battle. Especially if there are other options."

  "Even if them getting injured means that your opponent will fall sooner?" Caleb was skeptical.

  "Especially then," Essek countered sharply. "It's arrogance to believe that you can predict the rhythms of a fight, or take on your opponent singlehandedly when we travel as a group."

  "So if that battle had been prolonged and another of your companions fell or, Light forbid, multiple of your companions, that would be the preferable scenario to you than a bit of friendly fire that ended a fight sooner?" Caleb's frustration was surely unmissable at this point, and he could recognize an unproductive conversation from a mile away, but somehow knew that he wouldn't be able to escape this one so easily.

  "Yes," Essek returned firmly. "You work with your allies, never against them."

  "Alright, I shall endeavour to keep such advice in mind," Caleb scanned Essek briefly, noting the tense line of his form. "That's not the true issue, though. I thought we agreed we had moved past excuses in our dealings?"

  "Our dealings," Essek scoffed, staring up at the ceiling again. He let out a slow exhale, then looked back at Caleb. "I... It was clarifying. To see your actions today. It's true what you said, that fighting alongside someone is the ideal vetting system. And as much as your actions point to a side of you that I think I willfully did not see, I—" Essek cut himself off, his expression tightening briefly before he looked away. "You almost died at the behest of an errand we asked of you. And that would have been a heavy burden to carry indeed."

  Before Caleb could speak, Essek was already turning back around and heading further into the cavern, though his pace seemed slower, enough so that Caleb could keep up. They made their way like that for a few more minutes, searching fruitlessly for some surface untouched by the troll's slime. Caleb slowed just as they rounded a sharp turn into a slightly larger opening. He made to search the space carefully, even while he knew they would find nothing; but it gave him the chance to speak to Essek without having to look at him. With only a small firelight to see by, and in a voice soft enough that it could only have carried in the echoing cave they were in, he spoke. "There is much you don't know about me either."

  "Oh?"

  "If you think of me as selfish, I won't deny it. But it is a selfishness bred from years of desperation and fighting for myself. Years of being the only one who would fight for me."

  "That doesn't excuse—"

  "I know it does not," Caleb bit out, and he flexed his free hand carefully, running through spell equations and components in his mind until he pushed past the urge to scratch at his arms. It was a sign of weakness, and he had already been so very weak today. "But I have had little reason or opportunity to grow in this regard. Perhaps this is yet another thing I can learn from you."

  "A lesson I would be glad to teach."  There was silence for a moment then, and Caleb wondered at what it meant that the most vulnerable he had been in years was with Essek, of all people. He stared at the slime-coated wall before him, and thought that perhaps this was a low point in his life. It didn't help.

  He was about to stop pretending he was still searching when he felt a touch against his shoulder. Turning, he saw Essek standing close behind him, his expression tightly controlled into something approaching neutral. The drow blinked in the bright light, and Caleb lessened its flare until it was little brighter than a candle. "Are you alright, though?"

  "Am I...?"

  "You almost died."

  "Oh," Caleb blinked, and considered the question. "Yes. I... had faith that even if I were to fall, one of your companions would find a way to bring me back. Or, at least, return me to Den Thelyss."

  "But we are nowhere near a Beacon," Essek protested, and Caleb stared back at the drow, mind racing to keep up with the dawning realisation that he was having at Essek's inner turmoil.

  "Essek," Caleb hesitated, and thought about his next words. He weighed them thoughtfully, balancing out the pros and cons and eventually pushing past them all with the singular realization that he was cold and hungry and the man standing before him wasn't going to let this particular issue slide until he knew Caleb's secret. And besides, half the Dynasty probably knew the truth already, while the other half could have guessed at it easily enough. He reached up to grip at Essek's arm with his other hand, a light touch that circled the drow's skinny wrist. "I'm not consecuted."

  "What?" Essek's eyes went wide.

  "I hardly think it would have been appropriate," Caleb gave him a self-deprecating smile. "But in all honesty, I simply have never asked and they have never offered."

  "But you're the Shadowhand," Essek protested, and Caleb was unashamed at the ego boost he received from how irate Essek was becoming on his behalf.

  Caleb gave a one-armed shrug. "I have always seen my lifetime for what it is. I have no qualms about not having it extended beyond what was promised me. I only hope I can achieve what I wish to do in that time."

  "But it's so—" Essek cut himself off, looking pained.

  "Short?" Caleb offered. "Insignificant?"

  "The former," Essek's hand twisted and came to twine with Caleb's, though the drow seemed almost unaware that he was doing it. He stared at the ground, shaking his head slowly. "It's criminal, the way they act. I only wish—ah. I wish it could be reformed. Bettered."

  "I wish the same for the Empire," Caleb said lightly. "I still believe in that wish, too. It's never too late."

  "Hm," Essek sighed and looked back up at Caleb. "Sometimes I wonder if that is true."

  "Well," Caleb was beginning to feel distinctly heretical, and he gestured vaguely about the cavern with the hand that still held Essek's. "We won't be reforming anything in here, hm? Shall we rejoin the others?"

  "What about your Circle?" Essek asked, though he was already beginning to drift towards the direction they entered from. He slowed enough for Caleb to keep pace, but selfishly Caleb found he rather enjoyed trailing Essek, who led him through the winding paths carefully by hand.

  "I can hardly draw it anywhere in here," Caleb pointed out, and Essek snorted. "And I should be able to Teleport after I rest. Assuming your companions allow me within your Hut."

  "No promises," Essek replied with a sniff. A moment later he amended, "But it was mostly my own, ah, distrust. I'm sure they'll be fine with one night."

  "Ah, the truth comes out."

  "It was with reason," Essek protested.

  "I would not dare deny that."

  Essek led them the rest of the way back, until they spotted the faint glow of Caduceus' staff around the corner. Essek peered around the rock and let out a sharp laugh as Caleb extinguished his own light. He stepped up beside Essek and frowned at the vision before him, of a pile of sleeping adventurers, hidden only slightly by the grey tint of the Hut's outer shell. Essek shot him a look. "I suppose they have no qualms."

  "This does feel somewhat unscrupulous. To not warn them of my staying."

  "If you're truly concerned, you may depart as early as you wish," Essek pointed out as he dropped Caleb's hand with a light squeeze, ducking low to slip inside the Hut. He glanced back just before entering, and his familiar smug look was back. "Or be brave and stick around. You can face your fears, Shadowhand."

  Caleb raised an eyebrow as Essek only grinned, ducking inside the dome. And he hesitated only a moment before following him inside.

  ⬡

  For all Essek's theatrics, he was quiet inside the dome, and oddly mellow. It was a stark contrast to the self that Caleb had become so familiar with, and he made sure to keep out of the way, pressed against the wall of the dome as Essek floated about, careful not to disturb his friends. The first thing he did was reach towards the Echo, pressing a light thumb to the centre of its shadowy head, and Caleb watched as a purple light flickered and flowed out from that point of contact, into the Echo's form and filling it with veinlike lines. The dome around him shuddered and rippled, but held strong as the Echo dissipated, and had Caleb not been as exhausted as he was, he would have been taking notes already. The drow eventually settled back atop his bedroll, which he had unfurled beside Caleb. He didn't say anything, only making himself comfortable and crossing his arms over folded knees, surveying the space around them in a silent vigil.

  Caleb, who wished desperately to sleep but dually didn't want to waste this moment, broke the silence. "You were only just able to make your pendant work?"

  "Hm?"

  "Your pendant," Caleb tugged at the chain around his own neck, though he didn't dare reveal its form.

  "Oh. Yes, we took a day trip into the Ghostlands."

  "Hmm," Caleb tried not to sound disgusted, but Essek laughed lowly.

  "It reminded me of why I so rarely went when I lived here. As it turns out, there are many reasons."

  "Indeed." Caleb brushed a stray patch of slime from his robes. "But you said you lived on the coast for some time?"

  "Why are you doing this?" Essek's voice betrayed his onset of annoyance, and Caleb looked over at him. The drow was frowning heavily, and Caleb made the educated leap that this was, perhaps, one of the few topics that he did not wish to discuss—at least, with Caleb.

  "Doing what?"

  "This," Essek gestured vaguely at Caleb, face pinched before he turned to stare ahead, bundling himself up further and wrapping his arms about his knees. "This poking and prodding and perusing into my history. Is it not enough to simply allow me my secrets?"

  "You know what I do," Caleb said. "You know this is in my nature."

  "I cannot speak to your nature, but you forget that I know all too well what you do," Essek scoffed. "I know what you are asked to do and, more importantly, what you are not asked to do, but what is still expected of you. But this, this questioning, is not under your purview."

  "Who are you to decide that?"

  "I wouldn't flatter myself by saying that I decided it, but were I such a threat to the Bright Queen that she would require a full compendium on my whereabouts for the last few decades, I highly doubt that I would be permitted to walk about Rosohna as a free man. No, this is not something she requested."

  "Is it not enough to do this for my own reasons?" Caleb asked, and Essek pulled a face as he glared into the middle distance.

  "What possible reasons?"

  "Interest in your past," Caleb stared at Essek's profile. "Interest in you."

  The drow's ears twitched down, and his eyes flicked towards Caleb, even while the rest of him didn't move. "Of what interest am I to the great Shadowhand of the Kryn Dynasty?"

  "Of great interest," Caleb said.

  "Hmm," Essek seemed to burrow deeper into himself, ducking his head so only his luminous violet eyes were visible above his knees. In the darkness, Caleb thought that he could see Essek's freckles glowing faintly. Counter to his air of discontent though, Essek's ears flicked up in response to Caleb's words. He thought it was perhaps common courtesy to not mention it, cute as it was. "You are a strange one, Shadowhand."

  "Caleb." He corrected, more amused than annoyed at this point. "You've used it a few times, you know?"

  "Oh, are we picking apart each other's speech patterns now?" Essek asked, and Caleb huffed a laugh. "You slip into Zemnian when you are made off-kilter."

  "I know," Caleb tilted his head back to lean against the dome wall. "I've spent a decade trying to rid myself of the habit. I doubt I could even speak it conversationally any longer, but it still slips out sometimes." He tipped his head to look at Essek in profile. "But you're avoiding my question."

  "Was there a question?"

  "Statement, then. You may use my name."

  "You certainly use mine enough."

  "I don't have anything else to call you," Caleb protested, though he said it softly, as if he could avoid hurting Essek with his words if they were just said in the right way.

  There was a long pause then, a stretching silence that didn't quite feel tense, but which thrummed with words unspoken. Caleb continued to watch Essek, whose eyes never strayed from the slow scan he did of the space around them. He watched for so long that he began to feel the pull of sleep, shifting against the wall of the dome so that he was more comfortable, his mind drifting to other times long past when he was forced to sleep in whatever hovel or back alley was available to him. He pulled his robes about his body more closely, and thought that this was much nicer than all those nights all those years ago. Certainly better company.

  "You should sleep," Essek's voice was soft, quiet, and if Caleb hadn't been half-asleep already, he would have protested the command. Instead, he merely allowed Essek's voice to wash over him, and the last thing he heard before rest overtook him was that quiet voice adding, "Caleb."

  And then sleep took him.

  
    Chapter Text
    The problem, which Caleb was rapidly coming to see as an actual problem, was that his being charged with the handling of the Mighty Nein meant that he actually had to, well, report to them. Regularly. Which meant talking to them. Regularly.
  He had considered Sending to them multiple times, but had long since resigned himself to the fact that few important conversations could be held through magical means, and there was, begrudgingly, a certain level of trust that needed to be cultivated by his stopping by their home in person. Which left the unpleasant reality of Caleb standing outside the Mighty Nein's abode, getting rained on while he knocked on their door at the purposefully planned time of 12:17 in the evening.

  He heard the quiet sounds of movement within, and reflected on his choices. Admittedly, it was cowardice that had him knocking at the door at such a late hour, but he specifically wished to avoid having to speak with any other member of the Nein aside from Essek. He had gotten somewhat used to elven sleep patterns in his decade or so with the Dynasty, and felt safe in the assumption that Essek would be awake at this hour, and that his companions would likely be asleep or, at worst, still unwilling to answer the door. It was a flawless plan—he'd ask after their goings-on, update him on the Dynasty's efforts in tracking new Beacons, and then perhaps they would spend some time talking about other topics. Anything less dire, ideally. Maybe the weather, which was currently making itself known by seeping into Caleb's clothes.

  Truly, were his plan to work, Caleb was entirely willing to spend the rest of his acquaintance with the Mighty Nein solely using Essek as a buffer. It would be significantly easier to risk having to open himself up to one other person rather than, Light save him, seven, and that didn't account for the simmering hatred that Beauregard seemed to direct towards him every time they met—a hatred that was, perhaps now, not entirely undeserved. Nevertheless, as Caleb heard the lock click and the door begin to open, he straightened his spine and smiled charmingly, awaiting what he expected would be a mostly pain-free experience.

  "What the fuck?" Beauregard said as she jerked to a stop, openly bewildered and half-hidden behind the half-opened door. "What are you doing here?"

  "Ah," Caleb began. This changed things. "I was looking to update you and yours on the Dynasty, and to check in."

  "At midnight?"

  "12:19," Caleb corrected. "And I admittedly was unsure if anyone would be awake. But I promised the Bright Queen to keep our allies up to date regularly on our war efforts, and I wished to make sure you did not require anything from us—from me."

  "Huh," Beauregard stared back at him for a moment, her eyes drifting up to the rain. "Essek can keep the rain off us with dunamancy. S'pose you can't do that trick?"

  "That sounds like graviturgy, which I have yet to master," Caleb replied, trying for rueful but hoping that, at the very least, he didn't sound as annoyed as he was.

  "Hm," Beauregard appraised him once more and then, seeming to have made up her mind, stepped back and turned to head inside. Cautiously, Caleb followed and closed the door behind himself, wiping his boots on the mat and looking about for his hostess. She had apparently disappeared, but Caleb followed the trail of the only sconces that were lit and eventually found himself in the kitchen. Beauregard was sitting on the counter, eating what looked like a bowl of peanut butter with a spoon. Hesitantly, Caleb leaned against the opposing counter which split the space, feeling oddly relieved that she didn't offer him any of her midnight snack.

  He also realised, after a somewhat embarassing amount of time had passed, that she was waiting for him to speak. "We're still tracking one Beacon that we believe to be in the Empire's hands, though I have little that I can update you on in regards to their location," Caleb began, and Beauregard only nodded along to his words, looking thoughtful. "I trust you do not need me to keep you up to speed on the war efforts, but there have been very few major clashes recently. It bodes well, I think."

  Caleb paused, waiting for some kind of reaction and receiving only a blank look. "Was there anything specific that you wished to update me on?"

  "Nah."

  "Alright." Caleb paused, and felt the tension in the room stretch and simmer, leaving him on uneven footing. "Was there anything you wished to ask of me, then?"

  Beauregard eyed him contemplatively. "Really?"

  "If you did have questions for me, I will try and answer them best that I can," Caleb said slowly. He wondered what, precisely, he was getting into.

  Beauregard took another bite of peanut butter and chewed thoughtfully. "What's your deal, then?"

  "My... deal?"

  "Yeah, like," she waved her hand about her vaguely before holding it out, beginning to count off points on her fingers one by one. "You come to our house for a check-in at midnight acting all weird an' shit. You try and rip me a new one with a Fireball that definitely isn't dunamancy. You steal away with Essek like, any chance you get, which is fine, but you don't seem to like the rest of us all that much." She shrugged, but Caleb could see the lines of tension and distrust in her gaze. "What's your deal? Because it feels pretty suspect, man."

  "Much of my work is done in the shadows, I do not have to explain what I do to you," Caleb replied flatly, and he knew it was the wrong thing to say, but he felt the thrum of anxiety overriding his waking thought, and he felt the phantom pinpricks of pain along his arms as Beauregard's eyes narrowed.

  "You're an Empire human hiding away in the Dynasty."

  "I am of the Dynasty," Caleb ground out.

  "That's not what Trent Ikithon said."

  And Caleb froze. Around him, time seemed to slow and his vision seemed to narrow to a point. Erratic panic began to overcrowd the equations and spells that he recited in his mind. Were the Mighty Nein aligned with Trent? And if so, how could he have missed such a crucial connection between the two? Briefly, hysterically, Caleb thought of how Essek had stood so strong and determined against the Dynasty that day in Court, and wondered at how much of his words were simply an act. At that thought, Caleb could feel the desire to turn and leave and run and run and run and—

  Beauregard frowned, putting aside her bowl and sliding down off the counter. She shifted about, purposely trying to catch Caleb's gaze, and when she did, staring him down and holding his attention. "Hey, tell me if this is too much."

  She reached out, dropping a careful hand to his shoulder, and Caleb knew distantly that he flinched. But the touch was also grounding the longer she kept it there, and he felt himself struggling against the whelm of fear and crushing it, pummeling it down deep inside. He let out a slow, shuddering breath as Beauregard pulled her hand away, hesitating for only a moment before she shifted back up onto the counter. She raised a single eyebrow at him, and Caleb knew that this was going to be a long night. "I apologize for that."

  "Don't." She replied sharply. She paused, relented, "I think an explanation is in order, but clearly you have some shit that you have not dealt with, and that's fine. I don't need your whole backstory, but a few answers might help."

  "Then you'll get them," Caleb sighed, leaning heavily against the counter. "Ask what you wish to know. I cannot promise complete answers, but I can promise honesty. As much as I am able to give."

  "Really?"

  "Yes." Caleb dipped his head, and awaited his trial.

  "Hmm," Beauregard took another bite of peanut butter, rolling it around in her mouth as she contemplated. "How did you come to Rosohna?"

  "Literally speaking? I walked." Caleb grimaced, and found that the memories of those months were enough to shake him free of his earlier lapse. "But I once studied under Trent Ikithon. And when I left his tutelage, I found myself with little love for the Empire. The Dynasty offered me refuge in exchange for information."

  "So you really did betray the Empire?" Beauregard looked surprised, and more than a little impressed.

  "I betrayed Trent Ikithon and the Cerberus Assembly," Caleb bit out, watching Beauregard for her reaction. She seemed neither angry nor upset, so he continued. "And was happy to do so. In my eyes, they are not the Empire."

  "What information was worth your safety?" Beauregard asked, mostly to herself, but Caleb couldn't help his bitter laugh.

  "It was about the Beacon." He looked up at her. "Your Beacon. My Beacon. The Dynasty's Beacon."

  "Oh shit," Beauregard took her final bite of peanut butter, scraping the bowl clean slowly as she put it aside, seemingly collecting herself as she mulled over Caleb's words. "Okay. I don't suppose you'd tell me how you knew about it?"

  "Where I was in the interim, after... leaving Trent's eye. It was there, and I stumbled upon it."

  Beauregard watched him for a moment, and seemed to glean his discomfort in discussing that time. She moved on. "So, you studied under Trent, something happened, you ended up somewhere with a Beacon and then came to the Dynasty."

  Caleb smiled without humour. "You are rather missing some of the most important parts, but I do not feel entirely like elaborating. So yes."

  "But the magic you know," Beauregard prompted. "I mean, you seem to have a fairly good grip on Empire magic."

  "Ah," Caleb said. He hesitated. "Yes. I wanted to apologize for that. For... my actions in that fight. I have been reliably informed that it wasn't very sportsmanlike, and I shall endeavour to avoid such means in future."

  "Okay," Beauregard raised an eyebrow. "So where's the apology?"

  "What?"

  "You just said you would apologize. But you have to actually apologize."

  Caleb stared at her. "I'm sorry?"

  "Yeah, like that but you have to mean it."

  "No, I was clarifying—"

  "I know what you were doing," she rolled her eyes. "But you still have to say the words."

  "Alright," he paused. "I'm sorry. For hurting you unintentionally. I knew that you would be alright, but should not have taken the risk regardless."

  "Apology accepted," Beauregard nodded solemnly. She pushed off from the counter without warning and briefly, Caleb was terrified she was about to hug him. Instead, she stepped past him and made for the dining room. Hesitantly, he followed. They settled across from each other at the table, Beauregard collapsing into one of the chairs and propping her feet up on the table as she stared across at Caleb. "So. You really don't like Trent?"

  "I've never hated a person more."

  Beauregard nodded peaceably. "That's a fucking relief."

  "How so?"

  She looked skyward. "We met him. Briefly. There was this competition for Harvest Close, right? And it was maybe a little dumb, but we entered and won, and afterwards he was there with a few other Assembly members."

  Caleb said nothing, but watched the monk intensely. She tipped her head, looking back down at him. "We chatted a bit, just normal diplomacy stuff, but he clocked Yasha pretty quickly and there was this moment, when everyone else was away talking, when he came over to us and just said," she dipped her voice low, doing a hideous impression of Trent's accent which, admittedly, did make Caleb feel a bit better. "'If you ever find yourselves in Xhorhas, be on the lookout for a flame-haired prodigy of mine,' which, well. Was you, obviously."

  "Obviously," Caleb echoed. He thought he might need a stiff drink, but it seemed impolite to ask. "So you believed me to be in his service, I suppose?"

  "Yeah. I mean, I don't think so now, but your whole deal is pretty sketchy, man. It's not a huge leap to guess that a human in the Dynasty could be a double agent."

  "Well, I'm not," Caleb replied flatly.

  Beauregard glared at him. "I know, I said I don't think you are now." She looked down at the table, drumming her fingers over it erratically. "Why did you leave?"

  "Pardon?"

  "I don't mean the reason, though if you wanted to give it I wouldn't say no." Beauregard twisted in her seat so that she was sitting up straight, moving to lean forward and cross her arms on the table. "But you didn't even want to try and reform the Empire?"

  "Who says I am not trying to do that?"

  "What, by going to war with us?" Beauregard scoffed. "People are dying. Thousands of people, all the time."

  "Us." Caleb echoed, shaking his head mutely. With a brief flicker of his hands and a flash of his vision, he cast See Invisibility, scanning his surroundings for divinitory orbs. Spotting none, he looked back at Beauregard, who was watching him with a keen eye. "I care a great deal for the Empire. The people of the Empire. The systems in place are broken beyond anything that a common person from the Zemni Fields could ever hope to fix." He leaned in, matching her position. "But I am no longer common. You need power. A voice. And I have one, now."

  "So you want to reform the Empire from the other side?"

  "There is no other side," Caleb tsked, dismissively. "How can there be only two sides when we have the Menagerie Coast? The Wildlands?"

  "You know what I mean."

  "Nein, but that is precisely the problem," Caleb was on a roll now. "I am a human, in one of the most powerful positions within the Dynasty. We are not simply drow and humans opposing each other. If we are unable to stop seeing each other as enemies, as, as someone unlike ourselves, then what are we to become? I would not see us trapped in an eternal war, if I can help it. And I would like so very much to help it."

  There was a long, drawn-out moment then as Caleb exhaled slowly, recalling himself from his little soapbox. Beauregard spoke up first. "So what's your big plan, then?"

  "You'll forgive me if I keep it private, for now," Caleb said, as gently as he could. "You can imagine that such talk is... highly volatile, especially in the midst of a war."

  "You're not wrong there," Beauregard agreed thoughtfully. She pulled a face. "This conversation has been kind of a bummer, huh?"

  "Many are, of late."

  "Okay, um, how about..." She snapped her fingers, looking for inspiration skyward before turning back to Caleb with a grin. "Okay, when you first came to Rosohna, what was the weirdest thing you had to adjust to?"

  "Aside from the obvious xenophobia?"

  "Dude," Beauregard said, emphatically. "C'mon, we're going for lighthearted now."

  "Alright," Caleb frowned. "I suppose... to be honest, the food."

  "Oh my gods, the food." She jabbed a finger towards him with a grimace.

  Caleb couldn't help his answering smile. "Admittedly, I was under the care of the Bright Queen and then Den Thelyss subsequently, so I never wanted for much. But..."

  "But it's kinda inedible, right?" Beauregard was smiling now, and Caleb laughed.

  "My cook is convinced that if he can get me to eat rothé, he'll solve all of my problems," Caleb added, conspiratorially. "I have to inform him at each meal that I do not believe human digestive systems are able to process rothé, but he does not seem convinced."

  "Oh gods, I tried that on one of our first days here," Beauregard shook her head violently. "Not only did it fuck me up, but it didn't even taste good. Essek loves it in stew though, the traitor."

  "There's this celebration that they—we—hold annually, to celebrate the drow escape from the hold of Lolth," Caleb twisted in his chair to lean closer, gesticulating wildly with his hands as he spoke. "Do not misunderstand me, it is a powerfully emotional day. But."

  "But." Beauregard grinned.

  "But the celebrations consist of the ceremonial killing and eating of giant spiders," Caleb pulled at his hair, letting it fall from its tie as he played through his own anguish. "Beauregard, I cannot eat poisonous spider."

  She laughed at that, leaning back in her chair. "Oh man, what do you do every year?"

  "I will not lie to you," Caleb leaned back in his chair as well, still chuckling. "I am not above casting an illusion over my food while I eat it. They grow some mushrooms around here that are remarkably similar in shape to a giant spider leg."

  "Fuck," Beauregard shook her head slowly, still grinning. "Also it's Beau. Nobody calls me Beauregard, except maybe Essek when he's being a dick."

  Caleb hesitated only a moment before nodding. "Noted."

  Beau looked about the room, the smile fading from her face, though the air was still jovial and warm. "I gotta say though, I like it here. I think the others do too, for all of Essek's bitching about it."

  "He has enough reason to... bitch," Caleb offered, and Beau nodded absently.

  "Yeah, I'm not so worried anymore. He's the one who keeps convincing us to come back here between missions. At first it was just to get Yeza back, but I think he realized pretty quick that he needed to deal with shit here." She tipped her head towards Caleb with a smile. "Or maybe I'm just projecting. Either way, it's getting pretty late. Rain check on the rest of this?"

  "Of course," Caleb scrambled to stand but Beau only nodded, getting up languidly.

  "Cool. You can see yourself out, right?"

  "Easily enough," Caleb agreed, pulling his robes into place as he stood. Beau followed him toward the front hall, immediately bypassing the entry and heading up the stairs. She paused just as Caleb was halfway out the door.

  "Hey." He stopped, glancing back up at her. She rubbed at one eye with a yawn, blinking down at him. "If you ever wanna like, vent about Dynasty stuff or talk about your plans... we'll be here. I'll be here. Y'know, just if you need it or whatever."

  Caleb swallowed around the lump in his throat. "Thank you... Beau."

  "No problem." She lifted her hand half-heartedly in a fist. "Empire kids, man."

  "I think if I were to copy that gesture, I could very reliably be tried for treason."

  "Oh yeah," Beau frowned. Then she shrugged, turning back around and raising her fist higher. "Still gonna do it. Night, Caleb."

  "Gute nacht, Beau." He watched as she ascended the stairs, only ducking outside when she was out of sight. He walked home that night, moving slowly and relishing the cool night air wrapping around him like a blanket. Even in spite of his still-damp clothes.

  
  
    ⬡
  

  "I fear I am coming to the end of the spells that I am able to teach you," Caleb skimmed through his spellbook, noting absently how much use the first few pages had been getting recently. It was nostalgic, perhaps. Or it simply soothed the part of his mind that felt oddly guilty for not reading them as often. "I don't suppose you would want to learn how to cast an enlarged hand?"

  "I think not," Essek replied with a frown. "But I had one in mind, if you know of it."

  "Oh?"

  "Alter Self," Essek leaned forward from where he was seated, across the study desk from Caleb. "I think it would be of great aid."

  Caleb gave him a curious look. "You don't know how to change form already?"

  "I do not."

  "Then how—" he cut himself off, puzzled.

  Essek looked amused. "A little secret of mine, if you must know."

  "I suppose this is when you reveal that you have been a Changeling this whole time."

  "A doppelganger, actually," Essek corrected. He gestured towards Caleb's book. "Do you have the spell? May I?"

  Caleb slid it across the desk easily. "If you were a doppelgänger, surely you would have tried to kill me by now."

  Essek turned the book around, dropping his chin into hand and skimming the page rapidly. "You? I could never."

  "It would be quite easy, I'm sure." Caleb shifted so he could stretch out in his seat, crossing his legs at the ankles as he looked about the room, soaking in the silence. "Especially while we are alone, as we are now."

  Essek glanced up with a small smile. "Are you trying ro convince me?"

  "That depends," Caleb hummed. "Is it working?"

  "I may be tempted, if you don't let me finish reading this." He tapped the page and Caleb leaned over to read it upside-down. "This targets only the caster. But would the principles be the same for changing the form of another?"

  "As with a Polymorph spell?" Caleb asked. Essek nodded. "I suppose. But the two differ somewhat. Alter Self allows you to shape yourself according to how you wish to look. Polymorph uses your own memory of various creatures as the base. You may be able to make minor cosmetic changes, but its form would be stable."

  Essek was scribbling marginalia wildly, and Caleb felt that he was pulling at the threads of whatever the drow's larger plan was. After a moment, Essek spoke. "So if you were to change the shape of an individual from one humanoid form to another, you would recommend basing that magic off of this spell rather than any other shapechanging spell?"

  "Well, I don't know how to cast Polymorph," Caleb said slowly. "So I would be unable to help in that regard. But I think Alter Self would be the right starting point, yes."

  "Perfect." Essek looked up, eyes shining. His ears had perked up, twitching slightly, and the gentle chime of chains from his ear cuffs cut through the silence. Caleb tried again not to find it endearing, and failed. Essek slid his hand across the table, covering one of Caleb's before he was entirely sure what was happening. "Thank you. This is a true gift."

  "I suppose you still won't tell me what this is in regards to." He didn't move his hand.

  "In time, perhaps," Essek studied his face for a moment, then pulled away, looking back down at Caleb's book and beginning to demarcate his own spellbook pages. "For now, it is too precarious. There is much resting on this, admittedly, and I'd prefer to keep it close to the chest."

  "It sounds important," Caleb hedged.

  "It's the most important thing I'll ever do," Essek said softly.

  Caleb raised an eyebrow, more surprised at the drow's conviction than the words. "Then I am glad to be playing a part in it. If there is more that I can do..."

  "No, no," Essek waved away his offer. He paused, looking up from the spellbooks. "Actually... perhaps? A moment—"

  Caleb watched on as Essek dove into his pack, searching through it until he landed upon a handful of pages, crisply folded. He drew them out reverently, hesitant as he handed them to Caleb, who took them with the same degree of care. Unfolding them, he frowned, immediately recognizing the language as Zemnian but older, almost unintelligible in places. Skimming quickly, he parsed it as referencing magic and change, transition, movement. The equations were antiquated, but Caleb could see bits and pieces that alluded to something new and exciting, the edges of something not-yet put together. He looked up at Essek, who was watching him closely. "This is your project?"

  "I believe this will aid me in my project," Essek corrected. "Forgive my arrogance, but inventing new magic is hardly a project in itself any longer. It's simply how I have been working for the past few years. But what I hope to do with this... that is what I want. That is the mark I can hope to leave."

  "You have singlehandedly innovated an entire subdiscipline of magic," Caleb smiled. "I would say that the mark you leave will be much larger than one project."

  "Then this is the only one I will care to remember," Essek replied, though he looked briefly bashful at Caleb's words, his usual lavender flushing to a deeper purple. He returned to copying out his spell. "Feel free to try and parse that. I've had some luck, but some parts elude me still."

  "I will take you up on that," Caleb replied, trying and failing at hiding his excitement. He didn't notice Essek's briefly fond look, too engrossed in recalling the language that he had grown up on.

  They continued on like that for an hour more, though Caleb neglected to track the time, so engrossed was he in reading the notes of this strange, long-dead arcanist. It was only when Essek straightened to stretch in place, seemingly having finished copying the spell, that he realised the time. Essek nodded in his direction. "Have you gotten far?"

  "This Halas," Caleb shook his head. "Where did you find these papers? This is old magic."

  "In an old place," Essek grimaced slightly. "We were at sea before we came to Rosohna. We met a character who introduced us to, ah, a pocket dimension that contained, among other things, a... demiplane which held these notes. Veth was good enough to help me with them already."

  "Was Veth the character at sea?" Caleb asked absently as he re-read his notes. There was a brief pause then and he looked up, catching Essek's wide-eyed stare. "What?"

  "No, I—" he looked away. "It is not my place, I think."

  Caleb watched him. "If I have somehow put you in an awkward position..."

  "No, no. It is simply not my place, forgive me."

  "Ja, alright." There was a moment then, when he felt as if they were back at the start, walking on such thin ice around each other. He pushed past it. "I think I can surmise enough on his writings involving transformation to take it further. You wish to invent a spell that can change the form of another?"

  "Permanently change the form of another," Essek agreed. "It does not need to be for combat, and if we were to create it as a ritual, perhaps that would make it easier. I haven't yet fine-tuned my own expectations for it."

  "We?" Caleb couldn't help but ask. "You want my help in this?"

  Essek looked thoughtful. "Yes," he said after a moment's pause. "Yes, I think I would greatly appreciate your aid in this."

  "Then I would gladly give it," Caleb sat up. "Where do you wish to begin?"

  "Ah," Essek gave him a rueful smile. "Let me practice Alter Self first. Tell me if it works?"

  "Of course."

  Essek made to stand and Caleb followed. The study space was mostly open, the desk set up before the fireplace and the bookshelves lining the walls. It was sparsely decorated, the Mighty Nein seeming to have had no issue with how Caleb had decorated it after Deirta told him of her plans—not that he had plans to tell them it had been him who was acting as the interior decorator.

  Essek stood in the centre of the room, concentrating as he skimmed over the freshly copied spell once more. Carefully, he placed his spellbook on the ground beside him and, after a moment more of thought, began to murmur the incantation under his breath, sliding his hands down his face. Caleb watched as his form shifted, a kind of undulation that rippled down his body until the person looking back at Caleb was no longer Essek, but a pale high elf. His hair was blonde, slightly longer than usual and styled in a way that was more befitting of the Empire. His clothes were the same, but the angles of his face were sharper, more austere. He looked older, the perpetual smirk of Essek's face replaced by a downturned mouth. It was an odd sight, made odder still by the fact that Caleb knew it was Essek.

  "Well?" Essek examined one arm, the edges of his wrists visible from where the fabric of his loose dark shirt now fit too small. "How did I do?"

  Caleb paused in his distant appraisal. "Oh. Do you mind if I...?"

  "Please," Essek spread his arms wide and Caleb only hesitated a moment before he stepped forward, taking a circuit around Essek's altered form. He caught the tail-end of an eyeroll from Essek's high elven face. "You can come closer, I don't bite."

  Caleb, thoroughly chastened and now mildly annoyed that he had been called out, stepped up even closer. He was at Essek's back, and ignored his own qualms about physical touch, pulling lightly at Essek's collar to scan the back of his neck, studying the mapping of skin. Beneath his touch, pale elven skin shifted slightly and Caleb's mind raced with the effort to detach himself from seeing this as Essek, rather than a form constructed of magic and mental accumen. The underlying understanding of who he was touching percolated at the back of his mind however, and Caleb couldn't dispel the haunting feeling that he would know Essek in any form.

  "The proportions look correct," is what he actually said aloud, taking a step back and closing one eye to examine the high elf form. He stepped to Essek's side, leaning in slightly to look at him in profile. "And the face seems well-constructed as well. The extra lines help to offset any comparisons to you—well, you underneath this guise."

  "Hm," Essek looked briefly thoughtful as Caleb moved around to face him. "I'm concerned with shaping form between different humanoid races, I suppose."

  "You can concentrate on the parts that are the same," Caleb suggested. He tilted his head to study the bend of Essek's ear, wider and more leaf-shaped in his new form. "Eyes, ears, arms, legs. The basic make-up of the body is consistent. Look up for me?"

  Essek did, lifting his chin as he continued to frown. "I suppose. It still feels like a great responsibility, almost to the point of burden. But I suppose we are used to carrying great burdens by now." He scoffed. "We carried the Beacon for months."

  "Months?" Caleb blinked at Essek from where he was hunched slightly, looking up at him from below his chin. Essek glanced down at him out of the corner of his vision, eyes tracking his movement as Caleb straightened. "I didn't realize you had it for so long."

  Essek dropped his arms, rolling his shoulders and, as he did so, shifting back into himself. Caleb tried not to feel amused at how he grew shorter, or relieved at the drow assuming his usual form again. "We hardly would have been able to recount the entirety of our escapades in that throne room."

  "Yes, it was a rather tense meeting," Caleb took a step back, suddenly aware of how close they had been standing.

  Essek gave him a wry look. "You weren't the one on the receiving end of that tension."

  "I was, not so long ago." Under his robes, Caleb clasped his fingers, trying not to scratch at his arms.

  "I suppose you were, weren't you." Essek tipped his head, watching him for a moment before carrying his gaze about the room. "Regardless. I ought to try something more difficult. Any suggestions on form?"

  "Something complex. A challenge."

  Essek smiled brightly before he closed his eyes, beginning the incantation over again as he reignited the spell. He was partway through when Caleb let out a startled laugh, watching as Essek's form shifted and stretched to Caleb's height, reflecting back at him his own red hair, pale skin, and blue eyes. He shook his head, a rush of fondness washing over him. "A cruel trick, perhaps. To show me a self that is less haggard and more handsome. Even at this distance I can tell that you are missing a few grey hairs and scars, I'm afraid."

  "I'm afraid I only reflect what I see," Essek replied primly, and it was certainly odd to see his face speaking in Essek's voice.

  "Then what you see is very biased indeed," Caleb scanned Essek's form from a distance this time, trying to note any imperfections in his casting without the sting of self-hatred.

  "Perhaps it is," Essek hummed. "I am looking at you presently however. It would take some effort to get your appearance wrong."

  "You flatter me."

  "I do." He agreed simply, and Caleb tried to fight down the flush of his cheeks with Essek's phantom gaze on him.

  "Aside from those points, the rest seems to be effective enough. How does it feel?"

  "Odd, admittedly. This magic is strange to me, and moreso to be casting it upon myself," Essek rolled his shoulders again, a nervous tick perhaps, stretching his arms out to feel the lines of his body—Caleb's body.

  "Well, if we have established anything, it is that transmutation and graviturgy do not mix," Caleb hummed.

  "Yet here we are."

  "Indeed." Caleb leaned back against the desk, glancing down for only a moment. By the time he looked back however, Essek had returned to himself. Caleb couldn't help his curiousity. "Months?"

  Essek laughed. "You have a bit of a one-track mind, Shadowhand. Here I thought we had moved on to more interesting things."

  "The Beacon is of both professional and personal interest," Caleb replied. "And I have many interests. Not all coincide."

  "But these ones do." Essek made his way over to the desk as well, but surprised Caleb as he turned, leaning back against it at his side. "There was an assault on Zadash. The Zauber Spire. You surely knew of it?"

  "I helped plan it."

  "Well, then I suppose we were a wrench in your plans before you and I even met," Essek smiled, though the look was more distant, almost haunted. "There was a soldier beneath the city who had successfully acquired the Beacon. But he had been grievously wounded. He saw me, in my true form, and entrusted me with it."

  Caleb watched on, entranced. He had not been so involved in the execution of the attack on Zadash, had truly only gestured toward the defenses that he had guessed the Empire would have in place. To hear that the plan had succeeded in acquiring the Beacon sent a thrill of vindication down his spine where before he had believed it to have been a failure.

  The smile had slid from Essek's face, now twisted with melancholy. "He wanted to protect it, and protect me. There were soldiers coming from one direction, and he swore that he would hold them off." Essek took in a deep, rattling breath and Caleb glanced down as the drow swiped at his eyes, scrubbing away unshed tears. "Thuron. His name was Thuron. I didn't- he had such faith in me, but I had never known him. Not then, and not... before. He was consecuted and I can only hope that, that our returning of the Beacon will bring him back. That we can meet again one day."

  "And so you carried it with you ever after?" Caleb kept his voice was low and soft, reticent as he was to upset Essek further.

  "Until we came here for Yeza," Essek tipped back his head, staring up at the ceiling. He had hunched in on himself slightly, crossing his arms tightly about his chest, and Caleb noticed how his ears seemed to droop. The story seemed to have shaken Essek to his core, and a distant part of Caleb's mind wondered at the depth of his reaction, so much more harrowed than Caleb would have expected from the oft distant drow. "I had thought to go searching for his family. Relatives, or his Den. But I did not know how a Den Mother would appreciate being told that her twice-born son had died to protect an arrogant exile. I did not think that information would be welcome, no matter how noble albeit foolish his death was."

  "Perhaps not so foolish," Caleb offered. Essek turned his head slightly to look at him. "You returned the Beacon. He is given a chance at new life because of your actions. I would say that he made the correct choice, and the brave one at that."

  "Perhaps you are right," Essek said, though he sounded unconvinced. "It's strange. He was the first drow I encountered since leaving Rosohna. Seeing him... it changed me, in more ways than I think I was aware of then. I had chosen to hide myself up to that point, and I was good at it. But afterwards, it felt wrong. I wanted to be unashamed in facing the world, as he had been."

  "Is that when you began working on the pendant?"

  "Indeed," Essek looked down, drawing it out from under his shirt and thumbing at it gently. He looked away, into the middle distance. "It served two purposes, in the end."

  "You were able to give up your ring of shapechanging," Caleb said.

  Essek, still looking away, smiled. "It was not the greatest leap of logic, but I'm glad you arrived at it."

  "I assume the fact that you gave it to Nott has something to do with your spell?" Caleb asked. He did not add on his suspicions over Nott's name. The moment was fragile enough.

  "Something," Essek acquiesced. He turned to look at Caleb fully. "But that is not my story to tell."

  "And I wouldn't dare overstep," Caleb agreed. "So this spell is a labour of love?"

  "Very much so," Essek said. Caleb thought about the implications of that, of his being included in this spell that was to be Essek's crowning achievement. While he pondered, Essek let out one more slow, juddering breath before pushing up off the desk. "But I am afraid that I am famished, and have put off my own needs for long enough now. Stay for dinner?"

  "I cannot," Caleb said, before he had entirely plotted out his excuse. "I fear I am needed at the Conservatory."

  "Next time, then," Essek returned, though Caleb didn't think his lie had gone unnoticed. Still, he walked Caleb to the door of the mansion, opening it onto the ever dark Rosohna evening. Essek poked his head out the doorway, looking skyward. "The weather is changing. It'll be spring soon."

  Caleb stepped outside, glancing back at Essek. "New beginnings."

  "Or simply the passage of time."

  "Ah, but you and I both know that the passage of time is not so simple," Caleb tapped the side of his nose conspiratorially.

  Essek returned his smile. "Perhaps not. Good night, Caleb."

  "Good night, Essek."

  
  
    ⬡
  

  The Bright Queen stared down her nose, gaze fixated on the decorative Beacon that ever-sat upon the pedestal before her throne. The court was quiet, collectively holding their breath as Leylas' fingers spread over her chin, elbow positioned delicately on her knee. Even in thought she cut an elegant figure, and it was an impossibility to look upon her without realising the amount of time that she had lived. She didn't look away as she spoke up. "Their movements are slowing. We find ourselves in somewhat of a stalemate, unless I am mistaken?"

  It was Duendalos who spoke up. "Aye. Which means that we may either take this opportunity to spring an attack, or..."

  "Or?"

  "Or seek an end to the war."

  There was a pause then, until Leylas redirected her gaze towards Caleb. "Shadowhand. Caleb."

  "Yes?"

  "You are our little pacifist. What would you see us do here?"

  He did not disagree with the title—it was perhaps truer than many he had been given in the past, and undoubtedly kinder than some that he had been called since stepping into Rosohna. He frowned, absently casting an illusory map of the intersection between the two warring nations, rubbing at his own chin in thought. "I think we are at a point where we may be able to consider options for bringing an end to this conflict."

  "Such as?"

  "The Mighty Nein," Caleb began, and immediately clocked the faces of his fellow Council members. Across the large hall from him, Icozrin and Daev'yana looked perturbed while several of the others simply looked on, waiting. He hoped that he would not convert any other Den representatives against him in the following conversation. To his right, Deirta leaned forward in her seat, and Caleb noted her interest with his own. He continued. "As understandably suspicious as we ought to be of them, they are also interposed—in every sense of the word—between us and the Empire. We can use that."

  Leylas watched him as he dispelled the map, and he returned her gaze openly, his own mind awhirl with battle plans and timelines. She looked momentarily as if she was intending to speak, but there was another voice already cutting through the quiet. "Leylas, if I may."

  Leylas turned to face Deirta, waving her other hand to allow the umavi to speak. She straightened. "I concur with the Shadowhand. I also know that Essek was very talented when he was still one of ours, specifically in the arcane. Continuing this war will not endear us to them, and I believe that we should strive to keep them on our side."

  "We do not need to ally ourselves with a mercenary band that, while granting us a Beacon, continues to be chaotic and unpredictable," Leylas replied.

  "I agree, but I think that we ought to be looking into a post-war timeline, which would reopen the opportunities for research and study into furthering our own understanding of dunamancy."

  "With Essek of No Den leading the charge? I think not," Leylas turned toward Caleb, watching him like a hawk. "And what of your lessons with the traitor? You are still teaching him Empire magic?"

  Caleb dipped his head in agreement, or acquiescence. "He is pursuing the construction of a spell which uses Empire magic. My old discipline, specifically. I think it would have little application in wartime, but it is promising, I think."

  "I grow concerned about the trading of Empire magic with an exiled heretic," Leylas said sharply. "I do not wish for this to be a corrupting influence on our court."

  "I think," Caleb hesitated only momentarily. "I think that when I speak of its promise, I mean that in a more expansive sense. It is promising that they are conducting their business out of the Dynasty, while at the same time Essek is working with Empire magic. I have no fears of corruption in working with Transmutative magic—it is not Enchantment, and should not be feared as such—and I see this as an extension of the Umavi's argument. Yes, he is an unnamed exile of the Dynasty, but if he is to be allowed to stay for the time being, and permitted to continue his studies under my eye, then I would see this as an in to pursue the second stolen Beacon."

  "A traitor returning two Beacons," Leylas tsked. "It does not bear thinking of."

  "We have cross-checked their story and it aligns with our understanding of the events," Caleb offered. "Perhaps this is atonement for him, though I dare not speak on what he atones for in such company." Which was the right thing to say, surely. He still wasn't entirely aware of the whole story himself, after all.

  Leylas narrowed her eyes, but turned back to face the sculpture before her. "I am not so set in my ways as to be blind to the fickle nature of those on their first life." There was a smattering of sounds of agreement about the court from other consecuted heads of Dens. Caleb kept silent, his attention fixed on Leylas. "Perhaps you are right and this is his strange form of penance. I would not see him absolved of his heresy, however."

  Caleb said nothing, only waiting on Leylas for her decision. Finally she straightened in her seat, pounding her staff once in declaration. "So be it. Shadowhand, you monitor this Mighty Nein. You are the closest point of contact to them—get closer. Learn their goals and if they truly can aid us in ending this conflict. You say that Essek of No Den is working on arcane practices? Aid him in them, and steer them away from any dunamantic alignment. I do not trust him or his corrupting influence, but it would not do now to cast them all out. Better to have them aid us and then be returned to their own homeland, as they likely are wont to do."

  From across the way, Icozrin spoke up. "And of the war effort?"

  "We will discuss that presently. This will be but one of the options we pursue. If we are able to retrieve the last Beacon in these efforts, then it will be worth the grovelling to a heretic that we must do now." Leylas nodded towards Caleb, who dipped his head in agreement simply.

  The war council continued on for several more hours, and by the end, Caleb was well and truly exhausted. He had departed as quickly as he was able, making for the exits when he was stopped by a clear voice ringing out across the main hall. "Shadowhand."

  He turned, and watched Deirta approach, immediately looping her arm into his and quickening her place. "Come, walk me home Caleb."

  He kept apace with her, sliding his glasses on quickly as they exited the building and began to depart for Deirta's home. Caleb waited patiently for her to speak first, and found that he did not need to wait long. "I am pleased that we are aligned in our expectations."

  "What are yours?"

  "You know what mine are," Deirta replied easily. She looked at him out of the corner of her eye. "I would see my son return home."

  "He has though," Caleb offered carefully. "He is located in the Firmaments. I think you could even visit, if you so desired to."

  "You know I could not," Deirta said, dismissively. She looked ahead, steering Caleb slightly towards a small peddler's shop and scanning their wares—seemingly various beads and small pieces of jewelry—before continuing on. "Besides, I do not mean simply allowed to exist within the city. I want him back."

  "Are you—" Caleb cut himself off, trying to locate his own thoughts on the topic and how to word them. It came so difficult sometimes, and he struggled for a moment while Deirta continued, unaffected. "I do not know if he intends to stay here forever. But I suppose, if he did return, what would you see him do?"

  "Petition for him to rejoin the Den," she replied easily. "Teach, perhaps. He was so talented a few years ago, I can only imagine that he has grown moreso. And after that, I would see him take up his rightful place. The one he is owed."

  "Owed?" Caleb asked softly, and he could feel his heart pounding in his chest as they rounded the corner towards her street.

  "The Bright Queen will understand that he returned the Beacon to us because of his regrets over what transpired. And this is no small thing, Caleb. I think you understand enough to know how crucial the Luxon is to our people. I cannot fathom a reason for his returning it that does not lead to his returning to us." Deirta pushed open the gate before her home and turned back to face Caleb, eyes shining. "It is a sign, Caleb. From the Luxon itself. He is meant to come back to us. To come back to me. And I would not see that sign misdirected and obscured by politics and the like."

  Caleb watched her carefully, unsure entirely of how to respond. Thankfully, Deirta stepped forward once more, reaching out to clasp a gentle hand to his cheek. "We understand this, you and I. And I would see us vindicated."

  She dropped her hand, though her eyes kept searching Caleb's. He only dipped his head in a slight bow to her. "I must return home. Enjoy your evening, Umavi."

  She smiled back at him as he turned, making his way back to his own towers. It was only when he was safely inside that he drew out his Sending stone, palming it and taking in a deep breath. "Verin. I fear we have much to discuss. When you are next in Rosohna, please come find me. Stay safe."

  And then he stowed it away, looking up to see Rylla giving him a wide-eyed stare, curious and questioning but never pushing too far. Cautiously, he smiled at her and she smiled back.

  
    Chapter Text
    Caleb, in truth, had not entirely expected that he would return to the Xhorhouse—a name that he had, admittedly, laughed at when he'd heard it first—beyond his lessons with Essek. The repeated dinner invitations had become something of an expectation at this point and he didn't entirely believe that they were genuine. But he had been shaken by the last war meeting; Rylla had cautiously asked about his wellbeing afterwards, and it had struck him that he was less concerned about himself than the various members of the Mighty Nein—one more so than the others.
  That logic had led him to departing for the Xhorhouse before he had entirely thought his own plan through. It had taken more bolstering of his own reserves than he had expected to make the trip over, his mantra roiling over and over through his mind until he had found himself on the doorstep of the mansion, against his better judgement. The front window seemed to reflect light from within, and Caleb allowed himself to wonder at who would answer the door as he knocked.

  There was a heavy series of thumps from beyond the door, as if someone was half-falling, half-racing down the stairs in an effort to get to him sooner, and Caleb was unprepared as the door swung open to reveal the bright, shining face of Jester Lavorre. She blinked widely at him, cocking her head as she realised who was at the door. "Caleb!"

  "Ah, hello Jester," he tried not to look as awkward as he suddenly felt, briefly overwhelmed by the realization that, perhaps, this was a terrible idea. He didn't know Jester as well as the others—or, well, only Essek and perhaps Nott or Beauregard—and the idea of having to keep up with the chaotic maelstrom that was this particular member of the Mighty Nein was almost enough to make him turn around.

  "Essek is studying, I think," Jester waggled her eyebrows at him suggestively, and Caleb frowned.

  "That is good to know," he agreed lightly. "I do not intend to be rude, but I did wish to speak with him about something pressing."

  "Oh, okay," she pouted, looking behind her. "You sure you don't want to just hang out for a bit? Our garden is really nice! And it always reminds me of home, so maybe you'd like it too?"

  "Rosohna is my home," Caleb corrected, almost instinctive at this point. "You said he was in the study?"

  "I know Rosohna is your home," Jester smiled, relentlessly cheerful even in the face of Caleb's prickliness. "But you still might miss the Empire and, like, trees and stuff that aren't purple."

  "Ja, that is true," Caleb admitted, feeling somewhat chastised. He shifted in place, trying in earnest to avoid his usual standoffishness. "Ah, may I come in and...?"

  "Oh! Yes, yes, yes, okay, one sec," she stepped back, twisting around in place and cupping her hands about her mouth. "ESSEK! CALEB'S HERE FOR YOU! HE'S COMING TO THE STUDY, SO PUT ON SOME CLOTHES!"

  Caleb faltered halfway through the door, giving Jester a look of alarm. She beamed at him. "He should be fine now. Please, welcome to our humble abode." She waved her hand gracefully, performing an overly ornate flourish of the wrist. Caleb hesitated a moment more, only spurred on by his own mental recollection of the direness of the situation.

  He stepped forward, towards the now-familiar study and pressed lightly at the door. It opened without effort, and Caleb called out, "Essek? I am coming inside."

  He thought he heard Jester giggle behind him, but urgency forced him to push inside. The study was oddly empty, and Caleb frowned as he glanced around, absently closing the door behind him. He was about to call out again when he heard a quiet sound from one of the bookcases. There was a brief moment of hesitation as Caleb held in place and angled his head to peer about the room. The door that sat, half-obscured by the bookcases, shifted open and Essek stepped out from within, running a wary hand through his hair as he looked about. Caleb caught the briefest of glimpses into the unlit room, noting the oddly minimalist lack of furniture within, though he spotted a bed and side table that looked cluttered, in spite of the room's otherwise lacking decor.

  Essek's eyes landed on Caleb almost immediately, and Caleb wasn't sure how to feel at the sight of Essek relaxing his wariness upon seeing him. The drow gave Caleb an amused look, crossing the room towards the alchemist's table and absently rearranging empty vials. "I apologize for Jester. She is rather intent on insisting that, ah, I study in hm. Various states of undress."

  "Oh?"

  "It's just a joke," he assured Caleb quickly, and in the light of the arcane torches, Caleb thought he saw Essek's cheeks stain a shade darker. "We had an unfortunate run-in one time with a displacer beast while I had been cleaning off. I had also just had a breakthrough in one of my spells, and—I don't entirely know why I'm recounting this story."

  "It sounds like a good story," Caleb supplied helpfully, with a grin.

  "Yes, well," Essek cleared his throat. "Perhaps another time. You had something to discuss? Or was there another reason you decided to stop by so late in the evening?"

  Caleb ignored the light implication of Essek's words for the harmless flirtation that the drow seemed to always exude. It was true that he didn't know everything about his past—namely, he was missing details ranging the entire duration of Caleb's own lifetime and then some, and wasn't that a thought?—but from what Caleb could glean from the way he moved through the world, he had long since suspected that the drow's time in Nicodranas had been spent surviving off no small amount of charlatanism. His charm read as second nature, and with a shapechanging ring, he would certainly be handsome enough to con his way into, Caleb suspected, whatever he may have needed at the time. He would have been handsome enough without the ring too, but that was, well. An unhelpful thought. And one he didn't need to be having right now, as he struggled to figure out how to approach this next part of their conversation. "I don't start this conversation lightly."

  Essek's brow furrowed and he carefully drew out one of the chairs, settling in it and looking up at Caleb. He gestured vaguely towards the chair opposite him and Caleb sat in it with a heavy slump. He found that he could not look at Essek as he spoke, and instead addressed the table below his palms. "I made a choice. A while back, you posed a trade with me and I took it."

  "I'm very aware," Essek replied lightly. He watched Caleb with an appraising look, leaning forward and angling to catch Caleb's eye. "Did you have something to tell me?"

  "I didn't," Caleb said, finally lifting his head. "Purposefully so. But now I do."

  Essek studied him for a long moment, looking contemplative. Caleb was almost surprised at the lack of anger or surprise on his face, as if he had never expected Caleb to uphold his end of the bargain. Or, worse, as if he had always expected him to, and was vindicated in Caleb's turn towards being a good person.

  Or, well. Perhaps not good. Not entirely. He pressed on. "How did you know about the effects of the Beacon to begin with?"

  Essek tsked. "You just told me that you planned to go back on our trade, and now you demand truth from me?"

  Caleb sighed, leaning back in his chair and rubbing at his face, the exhaustion of the day kicking in fully now. "That is fair. I suppose I do not have a leg to stand on here."

  "No," Essek said tightly. "No, I do not believe you do."

  Caleb nodded slowly, palm still pressed to his face as he spoke. "You are right, of course. I ask too much of you." He dropped his hand, looking up at Essek, whose anger seemed to soften and mellow at his words, though it did not dissipate entirely. Still, there was something to be said, perhaps, about how able he was at getting Essek to stand down, to temper his anger into something more direct. It was a good feeling, to know that he could, but made bitter by the deception he had already put the man through. "I'll say this quickly, because I doubt you want me to meander in my words. I trust you'll stop me if you have any issues though."

  When Essek said nothing in response, Caleb briefly allowed himself to lean back and flash a rapid See Invisibility across the space. Deeming it clear, he looked back down, speaking to the Vurmaloc wood again. "Your mother has grown obsessed with seeing you reclaim your supposedly promised position of Shadowhand."

  "What?" Essek's chair creaked as he leaned across the table, and Caleb glanced up to see the genuine shock writ across his face. Good. That Essek seemed reliably surprised by Caleb's words boded well. He wasn't entirely sure what he would have done had Essek already known of his mothers' plans or, Light forbid, been an active participant in them. "You mean typhros, don't you?"

  Caleb dipped his head in silent agreement, bitterness souring his speech. "She believes that your returning the Beacon was a sign from the Luxon itself that you are meant to return," Caleb said softly. He continued to watch Essek unravel at his words, taking no pleasure in the truth. Briefly, he wondered if it would have been kinder to spare him the truth, and the thought made his heart thump painfully, just once. "I believe that, while it was an admirable act of yours, it was just that. A good deed. A righteous deed, performed by a desperate people who wished to survive and find your missing member."

  Across from him, Essek continued to furl in on himself, tucking his legs up into his chair and wrapping his arms around them as he stared at the table. It was an alarmingly open gesture, one that Caleb didn't feel he deserved to be privvy to, but Essek didn't seem to be paying him any mind, his eyes flitting back and forth as he scanned the grain of the wood silently. He spoke, but only after the long silence had grown almost unbearable, and his voice came out higher and more strained. "You are certain that this is connected to the Beacon?"

  "We cannot be certain of such things without further experimentation, but—" I have only ever seen this in other Umavi. Caleb stopped himself. To reveal the Bright Queen's weakness—her greatest secret—to this exile of the Dynasty would be far too much. Already, he had said more than he had entirely intended, and that familiar creeping fear of being watched was beginning to haunt him once more. "I believe them to be related."

  "Nobody will ever conduct such experiments," Essek said softly, loosening his form and slipping down in his seat as he drummed his hand rapidly, asynchronously on the table. "Not in the Dynasty, at least."

  "Perhaps the Empire then, with their remaining Beacon." Caleb leaned across the table and, hesitating only for a moment, rested his hand carefully over Essek's, stilling his nervous gestures. Essek looked up at him sharply, but didn't pull away. "I'm sorry to be the bearer of this news."

  "No," Essek replied instantly, then frowned. "No, don't be. It isn't your fault. I asked you for it, knowing that it would likely be true. I'm glad that you told me, I think."

  "What will you do now?"

  "Light help me, I don't know," Essek's hand shifted under Caleb's, and he tried not to show the way that his heartbeat picked up when the drow pulled back ever so slightly and threaded his fingers through Caleb's. It was such a small gesture, but Essek was staring at their entwined fingers as if they were the depths of the Beacon itself. "This is hardly an ideal situation for either of us to find ourselves in."

  "Indeed," Caleb exhaled slowly, allowing his mind to stray. "In the spirit of candor, I should also say that this is not entirely selfless of me. There is only one Shadowhand after all, and I have worked, ah, quite hard to maintain my position over all these years."

  "A lesser man would simply have had me dispatched," Essek hummed. "It would have been easier. Won you more support, too."

  "Now who's trying to convince the other to kill them?" Caleb briefly tightened his grip on Essek's hand, but loosened it quickly, feeling too raw and open in the moment for such a display.

  "Ah, but I said a lesser man. You are no such person, Caleb."

  "So what are we going to do, then?" Caleb asked, and he wanted so badly to extricate his hand, but Essek was still staring at the space between them with a wild kind of intensity, and his grip was soft and warm.

  The drow didn't answer for a long moment, his brow furrowed in thought. When he did speak, it was with the tentativeness of a scholar testing theories early in their research. "The solution, abstractly, would be to uplift your status within the eyes of my mother and the Bright Queen, enough that the Umavi at least pushes back her timeline and you are able to execute your own plans along their natural course."

  "And you?"

  Essek waved his other hand blithely. "I would only need to leave Rosohna. I do not believe my mother's aspirations would extend to chasing me across the world, but perhaps I underestimate her."

  "You make it sound so simple," Caleb murmured, and he tipped his head back to look skyward. "And yet it is my entire life. This city, this nation, all that it has given me. I don't pretend to be an altruist. I have other plans that I wish to put in place with the power I have accumulated, as I am sure Beauregard has told you, but. We are all caught in stasis while the war is ongoing."

  "Well," Essek said softly, and there was a conspiratorial edge to his tone that had Caleb angling his head to look at Essek in his periphery. "Then perhaps we set our sights on ending a war, hm?"

  And perhaps it was that easy. Still, Caleb rolled his eyes, pulling his hand free gently. Essek let it go, but Caleb didn't miss the way that he let his long fingers stroke lightly over the back of his hand as he withdrew. "This is a serious discussion."

  "And I am a serious drow," Essek's expression had twitched up into something like grim amusement. "It is the ultimate goal of our little band, I think, though I doubt we ever intended to be the ones putting it into motion. But you cannot deny it would solve many of our problems."

  "The Bright Queen would never end the war without her final Beacon," Caleb protested, and thought that he could guess at Essek's reply before he had even finished speaking. It was strange how predictable the world became when one plucked at the strings of fate. Perhaps this was how the Umavis felt as they moved through time.

  "Well," Essek's smile brightened. "I suppose that is a very good place to start then, hm?"

  Caleb shook his head, though he was surprised at how easy their exchange had been. He hadn't even needed to lie. Of course, he was nowhere near optimistic, nor even quite within the realm of hopeful regarding how he foresaw Essek's plan unfolding, but the drow's easy attitude regarding world-shaking events seemed to be holding, and that was a comfort in its own way. There was a twinge of guilt, a brief spasm of his long-dead heart that felt guilty at plucking the strings of fate in such a way as to engineer plans that, ultimately, he was unsure were his own. But then he thought about the sharp look on Deirta's face only a few hours ago and the plans he had made when his mind had been broken—to erase Ikithon's legacy, or perhaps just paper over it with his own. Caleb felt his resolve settle against the guilt, in the knowledge that what he was doing was for the greater good. No more lost children. No more left behind on either side.

  The silence had drawn out long enough, but Caleb found himself unsure of what else to say.  He looked away, towards the window, and was about to say something paltry about needing to leave when there was a rapid series of knocks at the study door. "Essek! There's someone here for you, and he is very handsome!"

  Caleb looked back at Essek with a raised eyebrow. Essek frowned at the door, the downturn of his lips pulling into something that Caleb was alarmingly inclined to call cute. He glanced toward Caleb as he began to slowly rise from his seat. "I apologize. I'm unsure who that could be."

  "You know so few denizens of Rosohna who might be deemed handsome?" Caleb widened his eyes in mock surprise. "There will be pitchforks at the door presently. An angry mob within the hour from such scathing words."

  "Certainly none who would be on the other side of this door," Essek countered affably as he made his way across the room. "Not while they're here, discussing heresy with me. Now, then—"

  And Essek was pulling open the study door just as Caleb readjusted his mantle, beginning to grow suspicious over just how often the drow tossed flirtations his way. Surely at this point he knew that he could drop the pretenses? The drow must have known that he was not inclined to trade bargains for time in bed, yet still he continued his absurd charade. It would have been grating, but Caleb found that he wasn't entirely immune to it. Perhaps something to ponder, at a later date.

  Except he wasn't left with much time to ponder anything, as Essek was already striding towards the door, Jester casting a bright smile over her shoulder at Caleb as she darted after Essek. She looped her arm into his, adding on as he opened the front door, "He said it was urgent."

  Essek pulled the door open as Caleb stepped out into the main hall, and he felt himself going momentarily slack-jawed as he took in the sight of Verin Thelyss standing in the doorway. He was dressed in his ceremonial Echo Knight armour, the matching horned helmet propped loosely against his hip as his signature wry smile curved upwards and then froze as he met Essek's gaze, his eyes sliding towards Jester and then landing upon Caleb, who could only wave weakly at him from the doorway.

  "Verin?" Essek intoned, voice going high and panicky just as Verin asked, "Caleb?" and Jester leaned heavily onto Essek's shoulder, flinging one arm into the air with a reprimanding, "Essek!"

  From somewhere behind Caleb came the sound of pounding footsteps, and he turned just in time to see Fjord, blazing weapon in hand with Nott perched on his shoulder, a cask balanced precariously on her shoulder that seemed to be leaking a substance which sizzled when it hit the floor. The room was silent for one long, agonizing second, until Verin cleared his throat. "Caleb told me to find him at my earliest convenience and I was redirected here. I... apologize for the intrusion."

  "You could have come by my tower," Caleb couldn't help but protest and Verin's eyes, which had been taking in the colourful cast of characters around him, turned to Caleb with a ferocious smile.

  "Rylla told me you were here," he sing-songed. "I'm still convinced she has a thing for you, you know."

  "Verin, dummkopf, she is not interested in men, she's just a very good hand around the house."

  Verin threw up his hands in mock defense. "I'm simply saying, I know that look that she has, and I doubt I'm wrong in this."

  "You've always been terrible at reading people in this way," Caleb couldn't help the fondness from seeping out in his tone and smile.

  "Even when we were children, you couldn't tell," Essek was still frozen in place, his back to Caleb, but he could hear the dry tone of Essek's voice. "It took you years to realise that I was—"

  "I'm so sorry to barge in here," Fjord began, wobbling dangerously as Nott began to climb over his shoulders, one hand using his head for balance while the other gripped the seemingly very corrosive cask. "But Nott was a bit confused there, who the fuck are you?"

  Verin looked back at Fjord, his eyes darting between the half-orc and Essek. Caleb watched as Essek's shoulders seemed to sag in defeat. "He's my brother."

  "Your brother?!" Jester cried, just as Fjord pitched around, flinging Nott to the ground as he bellowed, "Beau! Cad! Get in here!"

  Nott had scrambled to her feet easily enough, and was now seemingly cramming her cask into the side pouch that she kept strapped to her hip. Caleb wondered at the physics of how the cask seemed to fit inside, if only to fixate on something that wasn't the absolute comedy of errors playing out before him.

  From somewhere within the house came another set of pounding footsteps, and Beau skid into the entryway before Caduceus, who sauntered in at a much more leisurely pace, wearing an apron that was absolutely pristine. Beau cast her eye around the room, giving Caleb a brief, lazy salute before her gaze landed on Verin, eyes going wide in recognition as she looked back and forth between him and Essek. "Holy shit."

  "Well now that we're all here," Essek sounded more than a little annoyed. "Mighty Nein, Verin. Verin, this is the Mighty Nein. They are my friends and traveling companions, and Verin is... my brother."

  The room exploded into a cacophony of voices, all coming from the Mighty Nein. Caleb shot Verin a grin from over their heads and Verin returned it, edging slowly around the back of Beau, who had drawn her quarterstaff and was swinging it dramatically to make some kind of nebulous point. Carefully, carefully, he slipped around the group and sauntered over to Caleb's side. Caleb watched on, and thought that he noticed Caduceus eyeing them with a placid smile as Verin leaned against the wall beside Caleb.

  "I cannot believe that I'm meeting the family so late in the game," Verin waggled his eyebrows at Caleb dramatically.

  "Not a very good sign, so early in your relationship," Caleb warned. Then, "Straighten your shoulders. You look like the Skysybil."

  Verin snorted, but did as he was told as they both watched the commotion continue. Essek looked somewhat overwhelmed, eyes aimed skyward as he prattled off non-answer after non-answer to his companions. Caleb rather thought that the explanations that he was giving for why they hadn't yet met Verin weren't bad—"He is busy killing demons in the Underdark, he can't just come around for dinner!"—though perhaps the air of truth to them was tempered by Verin standing there, looking aimless.

  "Should I help him?" Verin asked with a frown, now absently wiping down the handle of one of the swords at his hip with a cloth. "I feel a bit bad."

  "He did this to himself, somewhat," Caleb pointed out. "Unless you purposefully avoided visiting?"

  "I couldn't say," Verin hummed. "Well, maybe I could. I never purposefully dropped by, and he never Sent me an invitation. I think."

  "You don't remember?" Caleb tipped his head a bit closer, amused.

  "Well, I am a busy man, Caleb," Verin clicked his tongue. "I cannot possibly recall every arcane message that I receive, especially if I am in the middle of beheading a demon while they are being cast into my mind."

  "I'm sure your brother enjoyed hearing your grunts and groans while you viciously murdered hellspawn in response to his kind invite."

  Verin shot him a wink and an unsubtly crude hand gesture. "If he wanted to hear more, he could Send to me right before I trance every night. More than enough of that to go around when you're alone for months at a time."

  Caleb dissolved into a fit of laughter at the image of Essek having to endure such a response, shoving at Verin's shoulder as the drow only cackled at his own joke. It was easy to forget, when Verin was away, the easy camaraderie that they shared. Seeing him always lightened the strange load that sat in Caleb's chest, a reminder that the world may be cruel, but he was still allowed to take his own good from it.

  When he had recovered enough, Caleb straightened slowly, still chuckling as he glanced over; at least until he realised that the Nein were all watching him and Verin, looking somewhat alarmed. Verin clapped a hand to Caleb's shoulder as he addressed the group, easygoing as he ever was. "So, are you done? I admit, I mostly intended to abscond with our Shadowhand back to his tower, but this has been a delight as well."

  "Remind me," Essek side-stepped his friends, cocking his head slightly towards Verin. "How do you two know each other?"

  "I saved this one from a lifetime of social isolation," Verin beamed, squeezing Caleb's shoulder. He tried not to wince at the strength behind the drow's grasp. "And we're both part of Den Thelyss, Essek."

  "I don't recall everyone in Den Thelyss even knowing each other, let alone getting along," Essek returned, coolly. "It's not exactly a requirement for joining the Den."

  "What's got your robes in a knot?" Verin crossed his arms pointedly, giving Essek a carefully calculating look. Caleb hated being on the other end of that look, had given up more than his fair share of state secrets over shitty tavern ale because of it. But Essek took it in stride, only rolling his eyes in response.

  "Never mind. Caleb," his eyes slid from Verin to Caleb. "Did you wish to discuss—?"

  Caleb raised an eyebrow. "Really? Now?"

  "Well, Verin is so very conveniently here, and this pertains to him as much as it does me..." Essek trailed off pointedly, and Caleb wondered if he was imagining the edge to Essek's tone. No wonder everyone always thought that he was the younger of the two.

  "I suppose," he acquiesced, and looked to Verin, who smiled back at him placidly. "Do you wish to discuss some light treason?"

  "Oh, only on days that end in -sen," Verin beamed, and Caleb could only laugh as Essek pointedly stepped around them and led the way back into the study.

   ⬡

  "Well, shit," Verin said accurately as Caleb sat back in his seat, explanation concluded. He hesitated for a long moment, drumming his fingers on the table as he avoided looking across it, toward Essek. "This is why I never got into politics."

  "You were always more of an ask-questions-later person," Essek agreed. He seemed remarkably calm, considering his earlier odd vulnerability at their conversation, and Caleb couldn't help but eye him that much more because of it.

  "So, you two," Verin did look up then, toward Caleb. "What are you going to do? Surely you can't just... stop being Shadowhand?"

  "Well, there are several ways that that could happen, some more unpleasant than others," Caleb grimaced. "But no, I do not wish to see any of them play out. I have my own plans and desires, and none of them would see me losing my status here. But."

  "But?" Verin's eyebrow ticked up.

  "We have the early stages of a plan," Caleb said slowly. "It is, perhaps, a bit much to discuss that far in the future. I mostly wished to update you on your mother's state as well. It only seemed fair."

  "And that's more than enough for me to consider for now," Verin agreed. He seemed to be processing the information slowly, carefully, as if every word was precious. When he did speak, it was directed towards Essek in a softly bitter tone. "Even after all these years, you're still the favourite."

  "No," Essek replied, and his tone was sharp and staccato, emphatic with the weight of that one syllable. "She only misses what she knows she cannot have, and it has driven her to madness. You are her rock, Verin. Don't envy the place that I have put myself in. "

  Verin sighed, dropping his head into his hands. "You're right, of course. I am being maudlin."

  Caleb looked between the two brothers, eyes shifting from Verin's hunched form to Essek, who appeared strung taut as a bowstring. He hesitated only a moment before standing up. "I will leave you to discuss. I can, ah, fend off your Mighty Nein for a bit, Essek."

  Essek's eyes slid away from Verin to meet Caleb's. "You have my thanks."

  Caleb only dipped his head in acknowledgement, turning and making his way to the door. He hesitated only a moment before pushing the door open, slipping through and closing it behind him. He stopped, blinking back at the small crowd of five that stared back at him. "Hallo."

  "Well?" Beau raised her eyebrows.

  "Well what?" Caleb was beginning to recall again why he so often tried to avoid interacting with the Mighty Nein.

  "Well, what did you talk about?"

  "Ah, I am sure your friend can tell you what we discussed if he so desires," Caleb said quickly.

  "Okay, but we don't really care about all that right now, do we?" Nott asked, giving her friends a quizzical look. She looked back to Caleb. "What's he like?"

  "Who?"

  "Who else?" Nott cried. "Verin! The mystery brother! Hot boi two! You seem to know him really well?"

  "We are close, yes," Caleb hesitated, raising an eyebrow. "Was there something specific you wished to know?"

  The group all glanced at each other, a few choice mutters being shared between Beauregard and Fjord at the back, before Jester hopped up, balancing her hand delicately on Nott's shoulder. "Is he nice?"

  "I think he's very nice," Caleb shrugged, glancing behind him to make sure the door was well and truly closed. "We've been friends since I arrived in Rosohna. He's ah, a good egg."

  "You know," Beau began, crossing her arms and giving the rest of her companions a look. "Just saying, but as much as I know we don't want to, like, pry into Essek's family stuff, his brother is literally in the other room. A bit of context might be helpful, right? Am I wrong here?"

  "It just feels a bit weird, I mean we hardly know anything about him," Fjord scratched awkwardly at the back of his head. "There's a reason we haven't met him yet, you know."

  Beau threw up her hands. "Just a bit of context!" She turned back to Caleb. "Do you have, like, the cliff's notes on him? The sparknotes?"

  "Ah, I'm not sure entirely what that means," Caleb began. "But he is the younger brother of Essek, and one of the generals stationed in Bazzoxan, who keeps back the darkness and demonic entities at the Umbra Gate. He is a well-decorated Echo Knight in his own right, and the youngest member of Den Thelyss. And he is pretty good to have on your side in a drinking competition, were you to need that."

  "That's pretty helpful," Beau shrugged.

  "Honestly, I don't really care about, I don't know, using him or anything, I just think it's kind of wild that he has a brother at all who's just there, in the other room," Nott crouched low, squeezing one eye closed and peering under the door, as if she could catch a glimpse. "Do you think Essie would be mad if we invited his brother for dinner? Or just for some tea?"

  "Oh my gosh," Jester's eyes went wide. "I can write him a note and slide it under the door."

  "Ooh, make it all fancy too, like give it a bit of calligraphy!" Nott scrambled over towards her as the two began rifling through Jester's haversack.

  Caleb frowned. "Perhaps I should leave...?"

  "I'll get you some tea," Caduceus said, and Caleb opened his mouth to disagree, but the firbolg was already making his way toward the kitchen. Caleb glanced over his shoulder and tried not to wince as he spotted Jester and Nott furiously bickering over what to write on the piece of parchment that they had discovered. He almost turned back when he thought he heard "Hot tub", but figured that there was little to be done about it and followed Caduceus into the kitchen.

  It was cozy inside, and much more cluttered than Caleb remembered it being the last time. It wasn't messy, and he quickly realized that everything seemed to be precisely set in place—there was simply a lot of everything scattered about. Even the windowsill was beset with small plants, its crowded space matched only by the series of pots and pans that lined the wall on a rack. Hesitantly, Caleb made to lean against the wall, warmed somewhat by how much Caduceus seemed to have taken to the space.

  The firbolg puttered about the kitchen, moving a well-loved teapot into its place over the coals, in the belly of a stove off to one side. He was rummaging through one of the taller cupboards when he eventually spoke. "You seem to have really taken to our little group."

  "Well, you're an interesting bunch. I think there's much more than meets the eye to you all."

  "Hmm," Caduceus hummed thoughtfully, as if he had never considered the thought. "You as well, though I think you like to keep it that way."

  "You're not wrong," Caleb smiled in spite of himself. "It's protective. Useful, and has come in handy more than a few times."

  "I'll bet." He ducked low as the kettle began to whistle, plucking it from the heat with expert precision and moving to fix the tea. He swirled the water expertly, blooming the aroma with an experienced eye, and Caleb found himself watching on, entranced. He realised, after an embarrassing amount of time, that there were only two cups being poured.

  "I'm sorry, if there wasn't enough tea for others, I wouldn't have taken any," Caleb offered, but Caduceus only smiled to himself as he lifted the strainers, letting the excess tea drip through the tines.

  "I make enough for whoever needs it at the time," he replied easily, palming the two mugs and handing one to Caleb. He clinked them together delicately before adding. "I don't believe in waste."

  "Me neither," Caleb admitted, and it did feel like something he needed to admit.

  "Just so long as you don't go hunting for the peel so much that you miss the fruit beneath."

  Caleb frowned at that, sipping his tea as he pondered the words. Caduceus didn't seem to be the type to fill silence with words, which left Caleb enough time to fully work what he was saying over in his mind. "I'm not sure that's the most apt metaphor for me."

  "Well, you can take your pick. There are more than enough," Caduceus sipped at this own drink, not paying Caleb all that much mind.

  The tea was delicious. It had a fruity taste, but with odd, almost incongruent notes of spice that sat on the palate and lingered. Caleb had never been much of a tea-drinker, and the Penumbra Range wasn't exactly the most conducive to growing tea plants, so he found that the novelty of the experience outweighed any of the odder tastes. He said as much to Caduceus. "This is a strange blend, but I appreciate you sharing. It's been a while since I had a good cup of tea."

  The firbolg gave him a brief, almost piercing look before placidly returning to his cup and sipping the dregs warmly. "I'm glad you like it," he said, and oddly Caleb felt as though he had passed a test. "You should come by for dinner sometime. You seem like you might miss good home cooking."

  "I have a home cook," Caleb returned, amused. Caduceus shook his head.

  "I mean cooking from the heart. A meal made by a friend, or a loved one. It's a hard thing to replicate."

  Caleb drained the rest of his tea, if only to give himself a beat more to respond. "Are we friends, then?"

  "I'd like to think so, yes."

  "Hm," Caleb watched the other man for a long moment, allowing him to take his cup and make his way over to the wash basin. He would have offered to clean it himself, but he was reeling slightly from the ease with which Caduceus seemed to deem him as someone worth trusting. It was not a wholly unfamiliar feeling, he had allies in spades, but none perhaps who would have sat him down for a home-cooked meal. He stood. "Then I suppose it would be quite rude of me to decline your offer."

  "Well, yes," Caduceus looked up, wiping his hands on his apron before he pulled it off and made to hang it on an empty hook. "But I wouldn't take offense. It's hard to change your ways—or, at least, I've found it hard. And I imagine that would be going quite far beyond what you are used to."

  "You're very perceptive, I hope you know," Caleb said lightly. "It's a talent, but perhaps a bit of a dangerous one. I hope it doesn't get you in trouble."

  Caduceus smiled as he made his way back towards the doorway, though his ambling gait left Caleb enough time to follow. "It's already gotten me in more than enough trouble, though I agree, I try and avoid getting into more. Doesn't always work out, though."

  "Best laid plans and all that, hm?" Caleb offered.

  "I have no idea what that means," Caduceus looked down at him with a briefly puzzled expression before glancing back up as they re-entered the front hall. "Oh, hello."

  The mood in the other room was oddly tense and vacant, with the majority of the Mighty Nein seemingly having scattered and leaving only Verin, who was delightedly scanning a well-calligraphied note, and Essek, whose face was in his hands. He didn't look up as he spoke. "Hello Caduceus."

  "I mean, how could I ever say no to this?" Verin asked, turning back to face his brother. "You sure you don't want to just settle down and go into printmaking? With the help of your friends, you could make some good coin."

  "I have never been more sure of anything in my entire life."

  "A shame, then," Verin shrugged and looked up, noticing Caduceus and Caleb. "Caleb! I thought you had left. It's a bit late for a rendezvous, so rain check for tomorrow?"

  "You know my schedule, dinner is probably best," Caleb agreed easily, running through his mental calendar quickly. Tomorrow would be fairly light on meetings, which meant more opportunity to return to his lab, something that he hadn't been able to do for what felt like ages.

  Verin turned back to Essek, who had pulled his head from his hands and was trading an odd series of looks with Caduceus as the firbolg made his way upstairs. He only glanced back once Caduceus had fully departed, looking between the two of them and settling on Verin. "That invitation is real, if you want it to be. Just because I can't visit you doesn't mean you cannot visit me."

  "I'll take you up on that one, brother," Verin's smile was as easy as breathing as he reached out and bodily pulled Essek into a one-armed hug. When he was eventually released, Essek looked somewhat run over by a herd of moorbounders. "Don't die in the meantime though, alright?"

  "You too," Essek said dazedly, walking him to the door.

  "I'm in town for a bit, so no monster-slaying for me," Verin grinned as he stepped through the open door. "Only Den meetings, really."

  "My point still stands," Essek said dryly, and Verin laughed.

  "Be seeing you." And he turned, making his way out into the dark of the Rosohna streets. Caleb only made to depart himself when he realized that Essek wasn't moving from the doorway, content to watch Verin go. As he stepped up beside him Essek still didn't turn, and they briefly stood in the doorway, side by side, shoulders brushing.

  Then Essek shifted to look up at him, and Caleb mirrored him with a smile. "We must stop meeting like this."

  "We do always seem to end here, don't we?" Essek's smile was sardonic and neutral, as blank as a fresh snowfall.

  Caleb moved to stand straighter. "You forced my hand."

  "Mm," Essek glanced back, pulling the door in slightly more behind him, though still not fully closed. The extra layer of enclosure felt oddly intimate, even while they stood in view of the entire surrounding neighbourhood. Bathed in the golden glow from the tree above and the sliver of firelight from within, Caleb thought that Essek looked something like a dream. He looked back to Caleb, waiting for him to speak.

  Caleb did. "That was going to be a private conversation with Verin."

  "I know." The smile stayed, and briefly, terrifyingly, Caleb felt outmatched. He had recognized, as Essek had done it, that it was a purposeful move to ensure that any information shared with Verin aligned with what he had told Essek. Or perhaps the reverse, if he was feeling generous and protective of his little brother. But there had been no way of getting out of it without raising further suspicion, and truthfully enough, Caleb was trying to be genuine. At least, he was now. "I knew I wished to be a part of it, however."

  "Was it cruel?" The question slipped out before he could entirely figure out if it was the right one. But he had been thrown somewhat by Essek's positioning of himself in the room, and felt the shifting guilt of laying out his conclusions on his friend's shoulders weighing him down. "To do so. To put that burden on him."

  "I'm not sure." Essek glanced down, leaning lightly against the doorjamb and folding his arms over his chest. His voice hardened. "But he deserved to know. And now he does."

  "Indeed."

  There was a beat of silence, and then. "Did he share my concerns about our mother?"

  "I, ah—" Caleb hesitated, but cast his mind back to that last luncheon with the Umavi, their harried conversation after. Candor was surely the right path to take at this point, slippery as this conversation felt. "Yes. He did."

  "Then I have no remorse." Essek straightened, dropping his arms. He looked past Caleb, into the street beyond, and then back, smile curling just a bit wider. "And to think, he didn't even need to bargain away his life's work to learn the truth."

  Caleb smiled back at that, a heartless thing. "You're the elder, I think you are meant to protect him from making such deals with a devil." He looked down to examine the quick of his nails pointedly. "Or perhaps he still did. You know nothing of our relationship."

  "Relationship?" Caleb glanced back up at the alarm in Essek's voice, noting with a beat of confusion the widening of his eyes and the way his ears drooped.  "Forgive me, he never, ah- never mentioned—"

  The realisation clicked. "Nein, Light save me." He very narrowly avoided dropping his head into his palms, allowing himself to merely look heavenward and pray to a deity that he didn't believe in for guidance. "Didn't you mock him for not being able to read people in such a way? No, I'm afraid your brother is straight as an arrow, Luxon help us all."

  "Ah." Essek sounded, of all things, flustered. "Well. Good to know nothing has changed."

  "Indeed." Caleb looked back at him, noting the way Essek was looking pointedly down, perhaps the faintest trace of a blush across his face. Suddenly, with a degree of whiplash that had him reeling, Caleb felt more endeared than embarassed, and that alone felt like sign enough for him to leave. He opened his mouth to bid Essek farewell, but was beaten to speaking.

  "Come for dinner." The words were said to the ground, but Essek glanced up after he spoke. There was an odd light in his eye, and his words were said hesitantly, softly traded between just them.

  "It's nearing midnight."

  "Not tonight. Perhaps next week. Whenever you are available and we are in the city. I'm sure Jester will keep you updated on our arrivals and departures."

  The laugh that elicited was punched out of Caleb more then freely given, about as jarring as Jester's Sendings were. "Ja, I suppose I have declined enough of your offers."

  "Then don't decline this one."

  "You're putting me in a rather difficult spot, Herr Nein," Caleb clasped his hands behind his back, if only to stop himself from rubbing at his arms.

  "It's a simple invitation," Essek countered. "What do you have to lose?"

  "You know how much I have to lose," Caleb returned. And then he faltered, if only for a second. Because what did he truly have to lose? Between Caduceus and Essek, the Mighty Nein seemed almost desperate to extend him a kindness, a glimpse into a normalcy that he had been unable to enjoy for over a decade at this point. His only true friend was Verin, who was away in Bazzoxan more than he was in Rosohna, and here he was, turning down a perfectly fine offer to spend time with known and vetted allies. He was being absurd.

  Except, except. It didn't feel so absurd when he looked at Essek. Essek, who was looking back at him with those violet eyes, faintly luminescent in the shadow of their Xhorhouse. Essek, with his smattering of pearlescent freckles and the slight downturn of his mouth as Caleb continued to stubbornly say nothing, because more than trading couched words, he wanted to kiss it. Essek, who was the problem without a solution, because Caleb couldn't have normalcy and friendship and this strange, simmering thing between them as well as the power that it would take to save the next little redheaded Zemnian from killing his loved ones.

  But oh, it was tempting.

  "You've gone quiet," Essek said, though his tone didn't sound prying. "You need not say yes. I apologize for putting you in such a position."

  "Nein, I simply—" Caleb looked up at Essek, still dreamlike, still very far from him. "I am very used to being alone."

  "Well," Essek looked thoughtful, and more than a little beautiful. "Perhaps you do not need to be. But you need not decide now. We're leaving for a bit, tomorrow. Jester will let you know when we're back, I'm sure."

  "Fair travels," Caleb said immediately as he took a half-step back, though not yet turning away. Essek didn't move from where he stood, that half-smile curving up at Caleb's stuttering step, but less cruel than in shared jest.

  "To you as well," Essek watched him for a moment more before he turned, slipping back inside the mansion. Caleb waited until the door closed, until the light in the window was out, and Teleported away right there, in the middle of the street.

  
    Chapter Text
    Caleb! The voice piercing his mind was not entirely an unwelcome one and Caleb blinked, glancing about the small section of the Marble Tomes that he so often frequented, unnecessarily afraid that anyone nearby may have heard. Of course, there was nobody about—he chose his research space specifically for that purpose—but the brief, panicky fear of disturbing others rose up sharply in his throat. He swallowed it back as Jester continued. Oh MAN, have we ever got something for you! Are you busy right now? You should definitely come over. By the way, this is—!Caleb waited, briefly stunned enough by the message that he forgot that he was able to respond. He cleared his throat, tracking his words easily, like an abacus at the back of his mind. "Jester, it is good to hear from you. I can be there later today. I hope all of you are well."

  He sat back, a sharp spike of fear racing through him as he waited for the second message. After a long enough period had elapsed, he allowed himself to relax, collecting his books and parchment and wondering at what the Mighty Nein had in store for him this time. Briefly, terrifyingly, he entertained the idea that they had returned with the last Beacon, almost dropping his armful of books at the thought. He stowed them quickly in his Wristpocket, pushing the thought from his mind lest he get too hopeful. The conversation he had had with Essek still echoed however, and as he descended the long spiral staircase, he allowed himself to think that if anyone could have secured a Beacon in such little time, it would have been the Mighty Nein.

  "Shadowhand!" Caleb turned at the voice, smiling reflexively before he could precisely pinpoint the speaker. Racing up to him was Uraya, and he felt himself relax at the sight of them, his smile turning genuine. They stumbled to a stop and he reached out to steady them, just in case. Uraya had been the very first person assigned under him, all those years back, before he had even been Shadowhand. Their expertise had been invaluable at the time, and there had been a number of opportunities for them to take on new roles or ascend higher in the ranks of the Dynasty's Court, but they had stayed instead, and Caleb was eternally grateful to them. "I'm glad I caught you in time."

  "Is something wrong?"

  "No, no," they turned and began walking towards the exit as Caleb kept pace. "But I was near the teleportation chambers when the Mighty Nein arrived an hour or so ago. They looked somewhat harried—I think they have something big planned."

  Caleb took Uraya's words in, thoughtful as they walked through the empty, echoing halls. "You don't think...?"

  "It's not possible," Uraya agreed quickly, though they both shared a brief look, and Caleb couldn't help the thrum of wonder that bubbled in his chest.

  "But what if they did," he said, and Uraya huffed a laugh.

  "It wouldn't— it doesn't do to get our hopes up."

  "Speculation is a valid form of study and thought," he pointed out.

  "Aren't you supposed to be a bastion of order and reason?" They gave him a look. "This seems a bit more than speculation."

  Caleb cast an eye about the hall and, when he didn't see anyone in their immediate vicinity, whirled about and clasped his hands to Uraya's shoulders with a grin. "It would change everything."

  "It would have to have been stolen." Their tone was always gruff, but Caleb caught the hint of a smile poking through.

  "Ach, you're right." Caleb dropped his hands and continued towards the doors, Uraya keeping up with ease. "I was far more caught up in the heist of it all."

  "Oh, to have a scrying eye while that was happening," Uraya sighed dreamily. Ahead, the guards stationed at the doors were already pulling them open with a brief nod to the pair.

  Caleb nodded to them in thanks as they exited the Conservatory. "I would have paid good gold to see it. Platinum, even."

  "But it might not have even happened."

  "But it could be something else entirely," Caleb agreed. He glanced down. "They did Send me a message to let me know that they had something for me, though. I'm on my way over there right now."

  "You—!" Uraya stumbled to a stop, eyes wide as Caleb spun around, grinning as he kept walking backwards away from them.

  "Apologies, I must keep going! It wouldn't do to have our esteemed guests kept waiting."

  "You Send to me the moment you know," Uraya demanded before their eyes went wide and they cast a sharp gaze about.

  Caleb only grinned, throwing a wave over his shoulder before continuing on his way.

  ⬡

  Caleb had never been one for gambling—literally, that was—but he amused himself once again by guessing at who would be the one to open the door to him this time. Caduceus and Fjord didn't quite seem the type, the former likely being occupied elsewhere while the latter would likely prefer to let his companions vie for the role. He landed on Nott, ultimately, deciding that her curiousity would likely win out over any other overriding factors.

  He was, to be frank, trying to avoid thinking any deeper about the Mighty Nein.

  The door pulled open quickly, and Caleb blinked back at the goblin standing before him, whose wide, luminous yellow eyes were rimmed with red. She was wiping absently at her nose as she looked up at him with a watery smile. "Oh, hi."

  "Is this a bad time?" Caleb could already feel his anxiety mounting, and he swallowed against the discomfort in his throat. It wouldn't do to just turn and leave, but he couldn't imagine going in if there was something disastrous waiting for him.

  "No! No, it's, um," Nott smiled, pulling her arms around herself. "Yasha came back."

  Caleb could feel his own surprise writ across his face, unable to hide it. "Truly? I thought— Forgive my rudeness, but I thought that she was lost to you."

  "She was, but," Nott stepped back to let Caleb in. "We managed to rescue her."

  "That's incredibly impressive," Caleb said lightly as he stepped inside. The house felt oddly quiet, though he got the sense that the Nein were all present, somewhere in the house. It felt strangely tense, as if in the quiet, they were waiting for the other shoe to drop. "Is that what you wished to tell me?"

  "No, um," Nott looked briefly torn, but glanced upstairs. "We'll go to the Happy Room. I think everyone's there."

  Caleb only nodded, silently puzzling over what, exactly, a Happy Room was, and if he needed to prepare before going into one. Nott led him upstairs and down the hall, not bothering to knock on the door, instead slipping inside silently, almost as if being pulled. Caleb hesitated, but slid inside when he heard only soft murmurs and saw only the gentle glow of lavender.

  He shut the door behind himself and glanced about the room. He recalled it being originally outfitted as a secondary laboratory, perhaps a library if there had been the inclination, but instead Caleb found himself in an open field. The scene looked like a Xhorhasian landscape, rocky and barren at first glance, but lush in details. Across one wall was painted the early fiery glow of a sunset, and its orange-pink glow faded across the ceiling and danced over the various walls, filling the room with it's warmth. On the opposing wall was a huge tree, painted elegantly to fill the wall, yet still kept to the narrow perspective of the space it was adorning. Caleb recognized it immediately as the Arbor Exemplar, and wondered briefly at its significance here before he turned his attention back to the task at hand.

  The room itself was adorned with a number of cushions and plush seating, as well as one low, central Vurmaloc wood table that had a number of small, intricate carvings in it that Caleb didn't think had been there initially. He ignored that in favour of watching the figures seated on the couch, feeling suddenly as if he was intruding. Most of the Nein were scattered about on the cushions, seemingly in various states of health, though all looked well enough to be conscious, which was a feat in itself. On the couch, however, sat Beau, Essek and, nestled between them, Yasha. The barbarian was curled into a small bundle, though her eyes were wide as she looked up at the lavender shapes that Essek was painting in the air above them.

  "...but that was in the Lotusden, and I've always hated that part of Xhorhas," Essek was saying, and Caleb realised that the shapes he was drawing were flora, recognizing the telltale blossom of the swallowfire tree—an ugly thing, shrivelled and gray as the cinders that fire left behind, but made oddly beautiful by Essek's Prestidigitation. He swept his hand through the image, dispelling it as he began to draw a new one. "We saw this one in Rexxentrum. I couldn't get it for you because we were rushing to, well, stop you, but it reminded me of you. It was growing up through the cracks in the cobblestones." His fingers danced quickly through the air, painting a familiar shape to Caleb's own eyes. He couldn't help the soft, "oh," of surprise as he recognized the long, broad leaves and tall wiry stem.

  Unfortunately, the rest of the Nein heard him as well, and he tried not to shy back under the scrutiny of seven pairs of eyes as they all turned to face him. Essek spoke first, voice as gentle as when he spoke to Yasha. "Do you recognize it?"

  "I do," Caleb hesitated, but allowed himself to recognize that the Nein didn't look unhappy to see him, and had, in fact, been the ones to call him to their home. He stepped forward, leaning lightly against the back of the sofa as the group turned their attention back to Essek's spell. "They call it Cobbler's Bloom. It's a hardy little thing. You only see them in places where no other plant would survive."

  "I like it," Yasha said softly, reaching a hand up to touch at the illusory flower. It seemed to ripple and shift underhand, floating down slowly until it dissipated in the bowl of Yasha's now cupped palms.

  "There is a patch of them," Caleb began, and immediately felt foolish. He pushed on regardless. "If you were to return to Rexxentrum. In the Shimmer Ward, just beyond the main gate. They never could get rid of them there, and I doubt that in the last decade they have found a way to."

  Yasha looked up at him with wide, thoughtful eyes, and Caleb suddenly felt itchy with the number of eyes on him. He looked away from her, as if that would have helped, and caught Essek's gaze unwittingly. He shrugged off the feeling as he straightened, looking to Jester instead. "You said that you had something for me?"

  "Well, hold on," Jester was lying flat on her back in a mess of cushions and she seemed to strain to sit up, though Caleb thought that she was being just a touch overdramatic, for his sake. When she was fully sitting up she yawned, looking around at her companions. "Alright, who wants to tell him?"

  "We found the last Beacon," Beau said, from where she had slumped over the table. She turned her head so that her cheek was resting on its surface, face angled towards him. "Somewhere called the Vergesson Sanitorium."

  Caleb felt his blood run cold. He froze in place, hand instinctively going to the pendant about his neck as he flashed a rapid See Invisibility about the space. Almost without thinking, he cast out a Detect Magic as well, an impulsive move that had the group sitting up and eyeing him far more carefully than if he had simply reacted normally. He cursed his brief dip into weakness in equal measure to the relief that coursed through him as his spell caught only on the various items that the Mighty Nein bore. Beau was still watching him oddly, and Caleb didn't let himself analyze the faces of the rest of the Nein. Oddly, unexpectedly, he felt something almost like kinship with the other human, and when he went to explain his lapse, he didn't feel compelled to lie. "I know it."

  "You do?" Beau pulled a face. "It was kind of a weird place. Halfway between a Cerberus safehouse and an actual sanitorium. What do you know about it?"

  Caleb hesitated, the usual lies that came so quick and easy now thickening his tongue and making him slow and unsure. The truth felt too heavy, but a lie was unconscionable in such a warm, homey space. "It is both things you mention. It is also the last place that I had seen your Beacon."

  "The last place...?" Beau's eyes widened slightly in realization, drawing connections between their midnight conversation and Caleb's words now. Caleb looked away, concentrating on memorizing what a sunrise looked like, even if it was only a painting on a wall. She continued, and Caleb did not look back. "I guess it's out of the way and safe enough."

  "It is both of those things as well."

  "Well," and Beau stood up with a groan. "Lucky for you, there's no need to return. We didn't get the Beacon."

  Caleb looked back at her, raising an eyebrow. "Those two sentences seem rather at odds with each other."

  Beau rolled her eyes from where she was already leaning over Jester to help her up. "We don't need to return because the Beacon didn't need to be stolen. The King has agreed to peace talks, with the return of the Beacon being one of his proposals."

  Caleb stared at her, mind made slow now for an entirely different reason. Around him, the Nein seemed to be gathering themselves to depart and Caleb felt oddly stuck in time, unable to move. It was Caduceus who knocked him out of his reverie, standing up with the others and smiling at him. "Did you need a moment, Mister Caleb? It's probably a lot to take in."

  "I... I think I might, actually, yes." The words came as if speaking them through water, and Caleb was surprised that his mind was focusing so heavily not on the budding peace treaty nor the discovery of the last Beacon, but on the Sanitorium and all those lost years.

  Caduceus only nodded easily. "We'll be downstairs. Call if you need something."

  Caleb was still watching the sunrise to his left, and thinking about how cruel it was, that he could hardly remember the look and feeling of the sun, yet his memories of being broken within the halls of that Sanitorium were still so fresh, and so heavy. He could feel, distantly, that he wasn't breathing out, that he should be breathing out, but he could only grip at the back of the sofa and stare at the sunrise, recalling how it had felt to awaken from that stupor years ago when he stared into the light of a thousand million possibilities—the realization that he was in control of his own fate and that he had the power to command others', if he only took it.

  "Do you want to be alone right now?"

  Caleb exhaled. His breath came in a sharp, short burst, and it was only more weakness, to have Essek see him like this. Except as he turned around, seeing the hesitation on the drow's face and the way that he gripped the doorframe as if ready to turn around and leave at any moment, Caleb realized that he didn't want to be alone. And wasn't that something. "No, I don't think I do."

  If Essek was surprised, he didn't show it, only stepping back inside and making his way over to his previous place on the couch. He blocked Caleb's view of the sunrise—a boon, probably—as he folded himself against the armrest, looking up at Caleb thoughtfully. "I won't pry into your past. I don't think it's our place—my place—to do so. But I'm sorry for what happened. And I hope that in a roundabout way, we can help by doing all of this."

  Caleb considered the words, mulled them over in his mind as he looked down at the table instead, and was that a tiny dick carved into the edge? "Don't take my actions to be commentary on the work you've done. It's incredibly impressive, but." He paused, considered. "There is a reason why I left the Empire, and a reason why I am unable to return, and they are not necessarily the same. I was being genuine when I said that there is much you do not know of me."

  "I would like to," Essek said, softly, and it was enough to make Caleb look up at him in surprise. "If you would let me."

  He held Essek's gaze, feeling suddenly unequipped for this conversation, whatever it was. Perhaps it was cowardice, or that damnable weakness, but he changed the topic. "Do you know what it will mean, to return a second Beacon?"

  Essek watched him for a long moment, and Caleb suddenly feared that he wouldn't go along with his change in topic, that he might continue to press Caleb until he faltered and said something ridiculous like, I think you and I might have everything in common, and that terrifies me. Or, well. Something similar. Instead, Essek stretched, rolling his shoulders roughly and crossing his arms over his chest. "We have a plan for navigating that end of the conversation. But I have thought on it more, and I maintain that I doubt my mother's obsession would remain so concerned with me, were I to leave Rosohna. I think that I can make this work with some very delicate phrasing."

  "You're not afraid of the repurcussions if you should fail?" Caleb asked.

  "I'm very afraid," Essek corrected, and the way he said it, so easily and without issue, made Caleb very jealous indeed. "But I also know my time in Rosohna is coming to an end. If that is to be the case, then my story will simply be whatever the people wish to believe about me. I am alright with being a ghost, or a champion, or a heretic. I will see this Beacon delivered, and then I will leave." Essek smiled. "And I do not intend to return."

  "They may still give chase." Caleb pointed out. "If not your mother, then the Bright Queen."

  "Not if they believe me to be lost, or a lost cause," Essek looked away. "I do not have plans after we eventually—" He waved his hand vaguely. "But the world is vast, and I am not bound to any of it. Though I think that I would like to settle somewhere, still. I'm partial to Nicodranus."

  "It is neutral."

  "Which is something I would very much need," Essek looked back at Caleb, smile softening. "I think I regret being unable to do more, though. In another life, I would have liked to teach."

  Caleb stared. It felt easy, too much so, and his mind raced with those permutations of potential that scattered and shone around him, some brighter than others. There was a moment, quicksilver and brief, where he imagined asking it. Start a school with me? Or, more concisely perhaps: Help me achieve the only dream that I have held since I lost my own childhood to an endless war? Either option would have worked, if he let that potential take root.

  Instead: "You've been an excellent teacher to me."

  "You're too kind," Essek laughed. "I can't even get you off the ground."

  "Perhaps you would have better luck moulding younger minds, not so set in their ways," Caleb said, and he felt dangerously close to a precipice as he spoke, though he wasn't entirely sure which one.

  "You're a challenge," Essek replied easily. "I like a challenge."

  "I think a classroom of young mages who are unable to control their magic would also be a challenge," Caleb offered. "A better one. A challenge more deserving of you."

  "I think I can decide what challenges are deserving of me," Essek said, and the way he watched Caleb felt strangely piercing, as if he could see through him and into him and still chose not to turn away. Caleb tried not to shy away from his gaze, but wasn't entirely sure that he succeeded.

  From somewhere just beyond the door came a voice, Fjord's. "Essek? The Bright Queen said we could come by soon."

  "I suppose that is my cue to leave as well, then," Caleb said, straightening. Essek watched him for a beat longer from the sofa, before standing as well.

  "You should attend court with us," he said as Caleb pushed open the door. Fjord must have already left, and Caleb began his descent down the spiralling staircase.

  "Oh? I have not been called to it. And I do so hate to attend Court when it is not asked of me."

  "Well," Essek sounded cautious from behind him, and Caleb glanced back to catch his perturbed expression. "Our shared problem doesn't work if you are not seen as a boon to my mother and the Bright Queen, yes?"

  They both stepped out into the main entryway, where the rest of the Nein had congregated, dressed in their Kryn finery. Caleb scanned them briefly before looking back to Essek, hovering in the doorway. "Yes? I suppose so, but I'm unsure how that would work."

  Essek's eyes flicked toward the Nein before returning to Caleb. "We tell them that we brokered this deal for the Beacon specifically under your direction. The Beacon will not be returned by our hand, but by the Shadowhand's. The credit will be entirely your own."

  Caleb blinked. Blinked again. Tried to process Essek's words more slowly as clamouring emotions mounted, rocking through him like the rushing waters of a stream. He tried, in vain, to parse Essek's words as quickly as he could, the possibilities branching off of this moment feeling suddenly endless, yet light as a feather. "Don't— You do not need to tie yourselves to me in such a way. My political missteps are not yours to correct."

  "Well, we took a vote," Beau said, brusque as ever. "Besides, it's what friends do. And to be honest, we don't love the idea of Essek accidentally  becoming a Champion of the Luxon just because we lucked into two Beacons. It seems a bit misguided of them, considering."

  "Yes thank you, Beau," Essek rolled his eyes but looked back to Caleb, pressing on. "It is not so odd for a Shadowhand to not speak of their missions openly in Court until they are fulfilled, and the Bright Queen I think would not be displeased to hear that you guided us to attempting such a mission. The only deception would be that you were not explicit in your command initially. The rest is easily corroborated."

  Caleb shook his head, trying to wrap his head around what Essek was saying. He couldn't entirely fathom the well of kindness being extended to him in that moment, and so he ignored it—for now. Instead, he looked to Caduceus, because he couldn't look at Essek, not then, not quite yet. "If all this works, if the Bright Queen accepts this parlay and you manage the impossible, I suppose I will have to take you up on your offer for dinner."

  ⬡

  It worked. Of course it did.

  ⬡

  Caleb stared up at the stonework building before him and realised that he still had not seen the sun in months.

  It was a sobering thought, made moreso as he slashed his hand through the air and pulled the third finest vintage of his wine from his Wristpocket, feeling a bit foolish. It had felt wrong to bring anything less, because he knew that Essek at least would know how expensive and precious it was, but the gesture still felt so deeply empty in the face of everything the Nein were promising him.

  He sucked in a single, shuddering breath, and started forward to knock at the door. Before he had even reached it, he heard the sound of raucous laughter from within, and for the briefest of seconds, he regretted his choice to even approach. There was a strange taste to the air, and Caleb could feel the diverging potentialities as he approached the door, the understanding that doing this, going through with this, would somehow change his life irrevocably.

  He knocked.

  The laughter quieted, and Caleb could feel the itching anxiety washing over him, trying to keep up his neutral Shadowhand persona as he waited. The seconds ticked by viscerally, and he was close, so close to turning around before he caught the briefest of flutters at the side window and knew he'd been spotted.

  The door jerked open and Caduceus stood before him, looking bright and warm and kinder than Caleb thought he had any right to look. "Oh, hello."

  "Ah, hallo," Caleb cleared his throat, catching sight of several other members of the Nein poking their heads around the corner of the doorway just beyond the entry. Essek and Yasha seemed conspicuously absent. Caleb looked back at Caduceus. "I wanted to take you up on your offer?"

  He hated how his words came out as a question, but Caduceus didn't seem to mind. "Oh, that's just great. We've been having a bit of a buffet, of sorts. Come on in."

  Caleb stepped inside, spotting the rest of the Nein scurrying away save for Nott, who hovered in the doorway, watching him cautiously. He hesitated before waving at her, and she stepped out fully, padding up to him and Caduceus on silent footing. "Hello Mister Caleb, come for dinner?"

  "I have indeed," he said lightly, quickly draping his mantle over the chaise by the door and following Caduceus toward the dining room. "How are you?"

  "Oh, you know," Nott waved her hand vaguely. "Waiting for the next thing to befall us. The usual. This time it seems like it'll be peace talks."

  "It does seem that way, doesn't it?" Caleb hummed, wonderingly. "I would never have contemplated such a thing, so soon."

  Nott said something else just then, but Caleb was rounding the corner into the dining room and came to a sudden stop as he took in the scene. It was, perhaps, not so odd—the table was bedecked with food, a number of Xhorhasian delicacies  smattered with a handful of strange foods that seemed familiar, but Caleb didn't quite recognize. The oddness came from the pair sitting centre—Yasha and Essek side by side, laughing uproariously with Essek's forehead pressed to Yasha's shoulder while she ducked into herself, as if trying to smother her own joy. Scattered around the table were the rest of the Nein, helping themselves to food or chuckling along, depending. From his place left of centre, Essek seemed to be trying to articulate words through gasps of laughter. "—and she- she just said, 'What's he going to do, curse my mount?'"

  Yasha burst into another peal of laughter, head thrown back as Essek pulled away from her shoulder, wiping at his eyes. His face was flushed a deep purple from the laughter, and Caleb watched him reach for the familiar sight of giant spider legs, laid out like a feast on a platter before him and Yasha. Caleb swallowed, glancing about and realizing that Caduceus and Nott had seated themselves already. Before he could second guess himself, Caleb dropped into the seat between Caduceus and Nott, across from Essek.

  The drow didn't look surprised as Caleb sat down, his face still bright with cheer and good humour as he dipped his head in a nod of greeting to Caleb, who was surveying the meal before him. Without his mantle to shield him, he awkwardly produced his gift of wine, handing it off to Nott, who was closest, with a polite smile. She beamed as she took it, studying the label fruitlessly—it was, after all, written in Undercommon—before holding it up to Essek. He leaned across the table, squinting at it before nodding approvingly. "Solvia Grove. Very fine, thank you."

  "It's nothing, truly," Caleb dismissed quickly.

  "If that's nothing, I'd like to see your actual stores then," Essek hummed, cracking a spider leg and poking and prodding the meat from within its exoskeleton.

  Caleb glanced about the rest of the table, taking in the spread fully. "Are you celebrating something in particular?"

  "Yasha's return," Fjord said from his end of the table, lifting his glass. Around the table, everyone lifted something—teacup, glass of milk, spider leg husk—and echoed Fjord's words brightly. Caleb's glance slid to the barbarian, who only smiled privately to herself, plucking a spider leg from Essek's plate. Fjord took a sip from his drink and frowned thoughtfully. "And to the peace talks, I guess?"

  "Hear, hear," Beau echoed, though she didn't seem to need a toast for permission to drink as she reached at an angle across the table towards Nott, seeking out Caleb's now-aerating wine. She looked up as he watched her, and gestured vaguely towards him. "You eating, Caleb?" There was laughter in her eyes and he raised an eyebrow at her, glancing down at her plate.

  "Ah, yes." He very purposefully picked foods from the various dishes and platters that Beau had already chosen for herself, shooting her a look and tapping the side of his nose knowingly. She grinned.

  "So, Caleb," Jester, who had placed herself at the head of the table and seemed to be commanding the space well, leaned in, nibbling at an odd oblong fruit while she smiled at him brightly. "Are you single?"

  "Ah—" he tried his damndest not to choke on a particularly leafy vegetable, eyes going wide. "Um. Yes."

  "You're not married?" Beau leaned halfway across the space, her belt skimming the top of one of the sauce bowls. Caleb tried very hard to swallow the fibrous plant stem that he was eating and not die at the dinner table.

  "Ah, no." He did not look at Essek. "I have occupied my time in other ways."

  "Huh." Beau leaned back, and very pointedly did look at Essek. "That's cool, I guess."

  Caleb took a bite of something from his plate, more concerned with being unable to answer questions than what he was eating. He found himself sending up his thanks and prayers to the Luxon or whatever else may have been listening as Fjord leaned across the table to ask Essek something, with that side of the table descending into idle chatter that he tuned out while surveying the spread before him.

  At his side, he noticed that Nott was oddly quiet, looking more thoughtful and eating less. Cautiously, and trying not to overstep, he reached to his right for a bowl, catching her eye with the corner of his vision. He picked at the threads of their last conversation. "If you were not waiting for the peace talks to befall you, what would you be doing?"

  She looked up at him, and there was a strange kind of melancholy in her eyes, something sad and weighty that felt old—a burden she had carried for a long time. Caleb knew the look well. "I've been working on something for a while, now. Well, Essek has. I've just been waiting around for him to figure it out. A spell, that he thinks will help me."

  "Do you need help, then?" Caleb asked hesitantly, unsure of how much Essek had told the goblin of what he knew.

  "With the spell?" She looked briefly hopeful. "Perhaps. If he can't figure it out, but Essek is very smart."

  "I concur absolutely," Caleb smiled. "He's much better at Transmutation than I am at Graviturgy, at least."

  "Oh, I don't really know a lot about magic-y things," she shrugged, but seemed distantly pleased at Caleb's words still. "It's- hm. It feels too much sometimes, to take in the fact that someone out there in the world cares about me so much that he's willing to learn an entirely new and unfamiliar discipline of magic for me. For me! I don't think I'll ever be able to repay him for it."

  "I believe in our last conversation, I said that that was what friends were for, didn't I?" He smiled at her. Then gave a half-hearted shrug. "Which is, perhaps, hypocritical of me. I don't have many friends."

  "You're friends with Verin, aren't you?" She asked, and Caleb cast a glance across the table, towards Essek. He was still engrossed in his conversation with Fjord and Beau, and Caleb looked back to Nott, somewhat discomfited by the fact that she watched him the whole time.

  "Yes, good friends. He more or less assigned himself to me when I first joined the Den, and we've kept up our relationship since then."

  "Ooh, relationship?" She crowed, giving Caleb a wide, toothy grin.

  "No- what is with you people and asking incredibly invasive questions about others' personal lives?" Caleb hoped his tone came off as beleaguered and desperate as he was, if only to mitigate any further teasing.

  "Take it as a compliment. We like you enough to fuck with you." Nott sipped at her glass with a smug smile. "Besides, I've been merciful enough to not ask about the one relationship we all actually want to know about."

  "I think it is a poor compliment if the one party does not feel particularly bolstered by it," Caleb huffed, pointedly not addressing the second half of her statement.

  "Nott, are you bothering our esteemed guest?" Fjord asked, jabbing at the goblin's ribs from his place on Nott's other side. She dodged out of the way with alarming dexterity, and Caleb only raised an eyebrow at the whole production.

  "We were simply having a lovely conversation about future goals," Nott countered. Her eyes took on that same sad tinge and she added, "and Essek's spell."

  "She was saying you could use aid in it," Caleb added. "And I admit, I'm more than a little interested in being a part of the creation of new magic."

  "Is that why you want to help?" Beau asked, and Caleb wasn't entirely sure what her expression hid, but she looked almost wary.

  He frowned. "I admit, I don't know much more than what has been presented to me. If there is another reason that you feel I should know of, I would be happy to hear it."

  The table grew quiet, and all eyes turned to Nott. Their gazes looked less accusatory and more considering, and Caleb waited patiently. Beside him, Nott put down her cutlery, wiped her mouth, and then glanced up at him. He noticed her fiddling with the familiar ring on her hand, and between one blink and the next, she had shifted form into the familiar halfling woman from before. Caleb twisted in his chair to face her fully as she spoke. "I'm not- this is not my body."

  "You are—were?—this halfling woman?" Caleb asked gently and, after a moment's consideration, added, "Veth?"

  Her eyes widened at the name, but she nodded rapidly. "There was a woman, and a goblin band, and- it doesn't matter all that much, I suppose. But I am now in this form, and I have been trying to change back. Or, I suppose, Essek has been trying to change me back."

  "I hadn't learned very much in the way of Transmutation," Essek explained as he gazed back at Veth. His eyes flicked to Caleb. "I owe you much for what you've taught me."

  "I'm glad I could help, however unwittingly," Caleb looked back to Veth. "How far have you come on this new spell?"

  "Not far at all, mostly just theory, right?" She looked to Essek, who nodded. Looking back at Caleb, she frowned. "We might be staying in the city for a while longer. Could we trouble you?"

  "Of course," Caleb shifted to sit back in his seat, mind churning over the possibilities that splayed before him now that he knew the full picture. "I'm sorry, for whatever that is worth. It is a cruel fate, to feel out of place in your own body."

  "Yes, well," She turned back to her meal and continued eating, the melancholy air still present, but not looming as heavily. "I have learned to live with it, and Essek's ring has been wonderful to have."

  "It's nothing," Essek dismissed, hands skimming over the dishes around him before he plucked one piled with an odd, flaky white fish that he held out for Yasha. "It's the least I can do for you in the interim."

  "No, it's an incredible gift," Veth corrected, firmly. Essek waved his hand vaguely, but he smiled back at her as Yasha scraped half the filets from the platter onto her own plate.

  "So," Caleb was still leaned back in his seat, content enough to drink wine and watch this odd group interact. "I admit, I have one burning question that I must ask of you."

  "Is it about the tree?" Caduceus looked briefly concerned.

  "No, it's about Yarnball," Jester leaned forward in her seat, raking her hands nervously through her hair.

  "It's about the Beacon," Beau rolled her eyes, prodding at Essek's shoulder with a sharp jab.

  Caleb coughed. "Actually it is, ah, why you have a Zemnian name when none of you are Zemnian?"

  The Nein stared at him for a long, drawn-out moment, and Caleb found himself staring back, tensing. It was Beau who broke the silence. "It's not, like, offensive is it?"

  "What?" Caleb blinked at her. A horrifying thought came to mind. "You do know that 'nein' is a Zemnian word, ja?"

  "Obviously," Beau replied, then frowned. "It means no, right?"

  "I would sincerely wish to know," Caleb said faintly. "What you would do if I were to tell you that it meant something else."

  "Well, I'm like ninety percent sure it means 'no', and to change it now would be, like, really bad for the brand, y'know?" Beau shrugged.

  Caleb stared. Cast his gaze about the group, all of whom seemed to look oddly confused at his confusion. He looked back to Beau. "So how did you come to name yourselves from a language you do not even know?"

  "Well," Beau began, and Caleb immediately regretted his question. "There was this guy right? Early on, when we first joined up. And he only spoke Zemnian, like no Common at all, but he was so chatty and we were trying to make our way to Zadash, so."

  "So?" Caleb raised an eyebrow, entirely unsure where the story was going.

  "Just tell him, Beau," Veth grinned.

  "Well, I only knew the one word in Zemnian!" Beau exclaimed. "And he had the only map to Zadash, and then it kinda became a joke, but I swear I tried to pick up at least one or two words, but he just talked so fast, man."

  "So the only thing you could say to him," Caleb began, slowly. "Was nein?"

  "Honestly," Fjord said brightly, spearing a small fish on his platter. "That's not all that different from her usual conversation."

  "Dude I'm like, much better at conversation now," Beau jabbed her cutlery toward Fjord, across the table. She looked back at Caleb. "And I kind of gestured and nodded or shook my head and stuff. I didn't want him to realise that I only knew the one word, so I kind of pretended to just be very aloof."

  "What became of the man, then?" Caleb asked, rolling a small ball of rice in his fingers and dipping it absently in a curry.

  "I'm not gonna lie," Beau winced. "He kinda... got mad at me for something I said—"

  "—Nein, probably—"

  "—Something, and then he, uh, stormed off and left us in the middle of the Road." Beau looked thoughtful. "If I remembered what he said, I'd ask about it but uh. I don't."

  "Well," Caleb wiped his mouth with his cloth serviette, amused. "It sounds like a formative experience well-deserving of being your group's namesake."

  "Was that a joke?" Veth twisted in her chair to look up at him.

  Caleb glanced down at her, leaning back as he swirled his wine evenly. "I'm told I'm extremely funny," he deadpanned. "Does that not come across?"

  "Honestly, I'm still getting over the fact that you wanted to come have dinner with us," Veth muttered.

  Caleb hummed thoughtfully, looking down at his glass instead. "You are good people. I don't spend very much time in the company of good people. To be honest, it's a bit of a novelty."

  "We're good people?" Beau cast a briefly alarmed look around the table before purposely settling her expression. "I mean yeah, we're alright, I guess."

  "I think that you are, whether you wish to be or no," Caleb smiled. Briefly, he allowed himself to catch Essek's gaze, which was warm and thoughtful on his, drawing the moment out until time felt stretched taut like a string. And then he glanced away, rakishly throwing back the rest of his wine—there wasn't all that much left, truly—and setting his glass back on the table. He squinted into the middle distance for a moment, tracking the hour and forced himself not to groan at its lateness. "I'm afraid I may need to depart soon. The hour grows late, and I am unfortunately in near constant need of more sleep."

  "But you didn't even get to try the hot tub!" Jester cried, and Caleb briefly feared that she was actually going to tear up.

  "Ah, perhaps next time?" Caleb tried, and then berated himself for his presumptiveness.

  Jester didn't seem to notice—didn't seem to mind—as she frowned mightily. "Alright. It's probably for the best, we didn't exactly pre-heat it. You would have had to stay an extra few hours. Unless...?"

  "I really must be going—" Caleb was already half-standing, trying his damndest not to look too eager to depart. He really had enjoyed his time with this odd group, but both the hour and his own introversion were beginning to weigh heavily on him.

  "I'll see you out," Essek stood, stepping easily around Yasha, a light hand pressed to her shoulder as he made his way to Caleb's side. Caleb hesitated only a moment before following, turning back briefly to wave his farewells to the group.

  He stepped into the front hall, briefly reminded of the last time he had been here and all that that had entailed. It was strange, to think of the many dimensions that this odd group of adventurers filled within his life now. He was only shaken from his thoughts as he watched Essek pull open the door, stepping out into the night. Caleb followed, reticent. "Are you leaving as well?"

  "I thought we could discuss Veth's spell," Essek said lightly. He looked skyward, frowning. "And it is a nice night. For all that it is always night here."

  "Do you miss it?" Caleb asked as he set off towards the Lucid Bastion. Essek shut the door behind him quickly, moving to keep alongside Caleb, but slowing as he lifted his hands in a careful somatic gesture, plucking strings of lavender magic from the air like chords on a lute. He murmured briefly under his breath, eyes fluttering closed until he was done. Essek blinked as he came out of the spell, then picked up his pace to match Caleb.

  "The sky? It is the same one I look up at every night, give or take a few stars. The ever-present night? Undoubtedly."

  "It's funny, that I should feel the same, but about the sun," Caleb mused. "What were you casting just then?"

  "Simply letting my compatriots know that—" Essek stuttered to a stop, face pulling into an expression of exasperation before he sighed and continued on. "Ah. Letting them know where I am."

  "I'd have given good gold to hear their response," Caleb hummed. Essek huffed a laugh.

  "Yes, well." He cleared his throat. "The spell, though."

  "Yes, you mentioned."

  "It is, perhaps, not quite at the stage for practical experimentation, though I will let you know when it is. But I've been trying to determine how to draw on the chronomantic principles of reverting Veth's body back to the time when it was in her halfling form, in conjunction with the transmutational act of altering her body." Essek's words came out in a rush, and Caleb nodded along as he spoke, taking in the words carefully. "I have a strong enough grasp on chronomancy, but I find myself unsure how to revert her form over time in a condensed way. Or really in any way at all, to be honest."

  "Have you considered focusing entirely on transmutation and not applying dunamancy to the process?" Caleb asked.

  "I have, but the idea is... unsettling, to be honest. I'm a student of dunamancy through and through. To focus entirely on transmutation feels beyond my capabilities."

  "That is fair," Caleb acquiesced. He was silent for a while, pondering the thought from every angle. "Perhaps the solution is not to treat it as a transition over time. I do not know the intricacies of the process, but i can assume she did not change into a goblinoid over a period of time, but was rather forcibly replaced in a new body. That's less transmutation and more... conjuration, perhaps."

  "That sounds like what happened, yes." Essek made a frustrated sound. "Which, unfortunately, leaves me at square one again."

  "Maybe not," Caleb looked at Essek thoughtfully. "I cannot say I entirely align with such a way of thinking, but you believe everything to have an innate, ah, spark? A grounding element."

  "By nature, yes."

  "Then perhaps you ought to use that. If you were to dial the chronomancy back to the moment that spark or element or piece of, ah, Veth changed, then you could perhaps find a way to lock it, make it permanent—to ground her in that space instead. Or, well, not her but her." Caleb tsked. "You know what I am getting at, even if the phrasing is absurd and I do not agree with the principle behind it. I am not to be the caster, so it does not matter what I believe."

  "I value your opinion regardless," Essek replied slowly, and Caleb could see the distant look in his eye as he considered Caleb's words. "Do you think that would work?"

  "I think that if your interpretation of arcane theory and the Weave is correct, and everything has an immutable... core, then yes." Caleb ran through the idea as he spoke aloud, adjusting and readjusting his own assessment of how the two strains of magic could coexist. It was thrilling in its own way, in spite of how it countered his own learned—and practiced—understanding of the arcane. "The idea being, I suppose, that this core is her true self, and you would need only to align it with her outer self. That part, I suppose, can be done with chronurgy."

  "Brilliant," Essek breathed, his smile bright. He looked up at Caleb, tempering the look only slightly. "It's quite impressive, you know. To have earned her trust so quickly. I won't insult you by saying easily."

  Caleb frowned. "Have I done that? I was under the impression that my presence was tolerated only slightly less than it was desired, to be honest."

  "She offered you tea on that first day, yes?" Caleb nodded. "That is ah, one of her preferred methods of testing people. I think you passed, whatever it is you did."

  "You have certainly befriended an interesting group," Caleb settled on saying, and immediately felt strange for it. There was no reason really, why Essek should not have befriended such a group. All told, the drow likely had more in common with them than Caleb did. The thought felt oddly melancholy however, and he pushed past it. "I'm glad she trusted me enough to tell me the truth of her, ah, condition. I had pieced enough of it together from context, but that feels a bit like cheating, admittedly."

  "It's been a long road, certainly," Essek hummed mildly. He rolled his shoulders, looking thoughtful. "So. The peace talks."

  "Ach." Caleb shook his head. "I am not an optimist, but your group has certainly delivered on all your other promises."

  "What will you do if they go ahead? If the war ends?" Essek's voice was soft, careful.

  "I have my plans," he said slowly. "I would likely be tapped to take on a more ambassadorial position. What with, well." He gestured to himself and didn't miss how Essek's gaze seemed to linger.

  "Is that what you want?"

  "It's what I expect," Caleb dismissed. And then, because he was trying to play at trusting people, "...and I would not be entirely opposed. I have little love for the Empire, but I... would very much like to have the trust of either side in this war before pursuing my own plans."

  "You speak so much of your future plans," Essek smiled. "It is very mysterious, surely by design."

  "Ah," Caleb tried not to show his embarrassment at being called out so. "They are not so different from yours, I think."

  "Oh?"

  "Yes," Caleb said softly, just as they rounded a corner and came within sight of the gates to the Lucid Bastion.

  Essek slowed to a stop, looking briefly regretful. Caleb turned to face him, feeling oddly jumpy in his own skin. There was a brief silence, the quiet of the Rosohna streets filling the air. Essek spoke first. "I'll let you know when we may need assistance with Veth's spell."

  "Yes," Caleb latched onto the topic with a sharp nod. "Yes, do. I'll be here, mostly."

  Essek considered his words for a moment. "You're also welcome to come for dinner any time. Or any other meal."

  "I wouldn't want to overstep—"

  "You wouldn't be."

  "—and I'm quite busy with research and the war effort—"

  "Caleb," Essek moved forward, pressing a soft hand to his bicep with a light squeeze. The tension that had sharpened to a point in his gut unspooled and melted away. "Any time."

  Caleb let out a slow, shaky exhale. "Thank you. You've all done so very much for me. It is more than I deserve, I think, and thus makes for uncharted territory."

  "Then perhaps it is better to explore such terrain with a group at your back?" Essek said lightly.

  "Perhaps."

  "Think on it," Essek drew his hand back and Caleb realised absently that he was floating, drifting in place at eye level with Caleb.

  "I think there is quite a bit to think on regarding your group," Caleb offered distantly.

  And Essek, with all the charm and charlatanism that his past seemed to imply, winked at Caleb, the edge of a sharp canine poking out over his bottom lip as he made to turn around with a slight spin. "Good. Keep us in your thoughts until next time, then." The 'us' was emphasized sharply, and Caleb thought that if Essek hadn't been at the forefront of his mind before all this, he certainly was now. Vaguely, he wondered if he had ever felt a charm spell as potent as one smile from this drow, and felt his mouth go dry.

  "Until next time," Caleb echoed weakly, and watched Essek drift away into the ever-dark Rosohna night. It was only once the drow was gone and he was left alone in his quiet that Caleb lifted his fingers to the air before him, fluttering through the somatic component of the Sending spell and thrilling just a bit at how Uraya might react.

  
    Chapter Text
    "So it can simply be anything at all?" Caleb crossed his arms skeptically, watching as Essek floated slightly over him, about a head above Caleb's own. "Most components have meaning. A practical use."
  "It's not a component," Essek pursed his lips tightly. "It's... a prerequisite. A feeling before you cast, like your ability to bend the Weave or keep a spellbook. For graviturgy to work, you must have something that grounds you, that you can arrange a force around."

  "Yet it doesn't need to be tangible."

  "It's easiest if it's your own body, of course," Essek said dismissively, even as Caleb thought of at least three reasons why that wouldn't be so obvious; the drow pressed on. "But the idea is much more theoretical—gravity is a field that is constructed around an object, though that's debatable in itself. Regardless of how you conceptualize of it, the practical application of having something to ground your graviturgical processes in allows for your magic to, for a brief period of time, develop its own gravitational field."

  "So I am creating a gravitational field around an idea," Caleb stared at Essek, feeling increasingly suspect. "You must understand how absurd that sounds."

  "And what did your little graviturgical papers say you ought to do instead?" Essek snapped, eyes narrowed.

  "They spoke of manipulating and building upon existing fields of gravity," Caleb replied evenly. "Which makes sense, I might add."

  "Tch." Essek rolled his eyes. "I disproved that decades ago. They must have lost my paper on the matter—or destroyed it as heretical."

  "You managed to weave heresy into a paper on graviturgy?"

  "No, the heresy very much came afterwards," Essek said lightly, and Caleb opened his mouth to ask, but Essek was already pressing on. "Regardless. It is not so much making a concept tangible, but rather applying your magic to something real. It is the realness that is key, as well as the stability, because gravity cannot exist on its own. There must always be something that it contrasts against, something that it affects. Even if that thing is simply an idea. A feeling. A realisation."

  "I suppose with transmutation it is not dissimilar, in that we also must start out with something real," Caleb postulated. He shook his head. "But nothing is stable. Everything can be changed, warped, decayed. I'm afraid chronurgy is no less forgiving."

  "Is it not hubris, to believe that you can change the world so radically that it stops being itself?" Essek folded his legs so that he was sitting, balancing one elbow on a knee and dropping his chin to his hand. He dipped slightly lower so that they were at eye level. "Everything changes, perhaps, but that does not mean it loses what it was, what it is."

  "You are so sure that things retain themselves, why?" Caleb asked, and though the words came out sharply, he intended them to be genuine.

  Essek considered the question, rubbing absently at his jaw. "I think it is due in no small part to my being a graviturgist and having to re-learn my arcane abilities from the beginning. Being so deeply entrenched in grounding yourself in your own body as a means of practicing magic will lead you to strange places—namely the belief that you are a stable, unchanging being." Essek looked thoughtful. "But perhaps it's simpler than that. When I arrived in Nicodranas, I believed that people were fundamentally incapable of change, that we were the same at our core no matter what we did."

  Caleb watched Essek carefully, and only realized that he had drawn away from him when he felt the edge of the desk press into his lower back. He leaned into it, reticent. "And? Do you still believe that?"

  His heart pounded. Essek's eyes slid to meet his. "No. Or, at least, I think there are fundamental unchanging parts of ourselves, but I believe they can be mobilized for good or ill. In fact, I know now that they can."

  "A kinder take," Caleb said. "What if someone has only ill traits?"

  "I don't believe anybody does," Essek said, and his tone was easy but his eyes were sharp. "I cannot, else I would cease to rise from my trance every morning."

  "Ah."

  "I digress," Essek pressed on, straightening his spine and briefly stretching his arms skyward. Caleb watched the twist of his form, the upwards jut of his chin, the way that the fabric of his loose shirt pulled taut where it was neatly tucked into his trousers—

  He coughed. Thought about the way that he had kept such wants at bay for years now, about how when he had first defected he had been so terrified and alone that the idea of verbalizing any kind of desire would have stuck in his throat like the first time he had tried to speak Undercommon. His prolonged lacking in such areas also hadn't... precisely been because of a dirth in options. He was well aware of his position of power, let alone his novelty as a human in the Dynasty and all the entailing interest that those two factors brought, but the mere idea of getting close enough to another person, of entrusting them with something as volatile as his own pleasure, well. It didn't bear thinking about.

  Now, however, he was left wondering at what he and Essek could do together beyond spellcrafting and one-upmanship. The very idea felt tantalizing, in a way that he hadn't allowed himself to think of in years.

  He also hadn't let his mind wander as flagrantly in years, and he was glad for the astute neutrality that he always kept his expression schooled into as he struggled to pick up the loose thread of conversation. Essek was still floating, his posture open with one hand draped loosely over a knee as the other gesticulated through the open air between them. "—breaks down the various arguments surrounding our understanding of gravity fields. If they can be called that at all." He huffed a laugh, and Caleb forced himself to as well. Gods, but if he was this bad already, he wouldn't need to worry about any kind of future with Essek after all.

  Essek reached up, dragging his finger through the air briefly and drawing his spellbook from the familiar pocket dimension and into his lap. He paged through it rapidly, eyes skimming for something specific while he continued to speak. "But you surely have something in mind for learning graviturgy, no? Was there something specific that you wanted to do?"

  "To be honest, I'm more drawn to the knowledge," Caleb admitted. "It is a fascinating field in its own right and I mean no disrespect, but I fear that I have little use for it beyond broadening my understanding of what dunamancy can do. Time is my speciality for a reason."

  "And what is that reason?" Essek stopped his paging, looking up at Caleb with a disarming expression.

  Caleb froze. "What?"

  "You mentioned once that you often wished to be able to change the past," Essek pressed.

  "I believe my words were that I knew well the feeling of wishing things were different."

  "And yet you chose chronomancy as your speciality," Essek's eyes were bright on his. "It is not so hard to draw the connection."

  "Perhaps not," Caleb agreed. He watched Essek for a moment longer, assessing. He had no intention of discussing the intricacies of his tragic past, didn't entirely believe that he could have gotten through even half of it without breaking down, but perhaps there was something he could say. "There are... things that I would like to change. Specifically, if you are keeping track, things pertaining to why I left the Empire, rather than why I am not allowed back."

  Essek sucked in a breath. His voice was soft when he spoke. "Such a monumental event?"

  "My life, especially lately, seems fairly riddled with monumental events," Caleb replied dismissively. "Though if you're worried about the impacts of my altering time upon the larger world, well. That is what experimentation is for. And practice."

  "Indeed." Essek hesitated, and when he next spoke, his tone was cautious. "Do you think you could do it?"

  "I don't know," Caleb said, and it was a lie. He knew that he could, given enough time. It was simply a matter of whether he would be granted that time. "There are many secrets we do not yet understand about dunamancy, chronurgy. The answer likely lies within them."

  "Or within the Beacons themselves," Essek snorted. "Though if that were the case, we would never learn the truth."

  "You wish to study the Beacons?" Caleb raised an eyebrow.

  "I wish to not be barred from learning fundamental truths about the nature of our world because of the barrier that is zealotry," Essek waved his hand dismissively. "With the Beacons being kept in the Dynasty though, that becomes increasingly unlikely."

  "You had a Beacon," Caleb protested, and Essek only sighed.

  "And we were on a stolen ship for much of that time. Not, perhaps, the most ideal of places to experiment on the most sacred of objects to my people. Our people?" He looked to Caleb questioningly, who smiled.

  "My people did not escape out from under the thumb of Lolth."

  "My people, then." Essek leaned back against the open air, crossing his arms. "But I digress."

  "I disagree, you seem entirely on topic." He paused. Leapt to a conclusion. "Does this relate then to why you and so many others have labelled yourself a heretic?"

  Essek's eyes widened, his lips parting in a soundless 'o'. "You don't know why I was labelled as such?"

  "There is much I am not made privvy to, for one reason or another." The bitterness was there, but Caleb rather thought he hid it well.

  "I must admit," Essek drummed his fingertips over his lips in thought, and Caleb watched the movement with no small degree of fascination. "You continue to surprise. Here I thought you knew everything about me. All the important, cruel things, that is."

  "Didn't you tell me that I did not?"

  "Well, yes," Essek brightened. "But what's a little posturing between friends?"

  Caleb laughed. "I cannot fault you, I suppose. Whatever your secret is, I'm quite sure I would not have shared it with me either, in your place."

  "Perhaps one day," Essek hummed. "It is... a secret kept by a past me—one who was given a second chance. I like to think that I have not squandered that chance, though it feels a near thing sometimes."

  "You've already done so much," Caleb protested. "Though I understand the impulse. I think it is a difficult thing, to see the path to redemption. And even more so to believe that it is feasible."

  "Yes, well," Essek reached up, fiddling absently with an earring. "You sound as if you are speaking from experience."

  "I am."

  "Ah." Essek released the earring, the soft chime of its chain filling the space with its quiet musicality. "I'm sorry to hear it, though I suppose not surprised. You seem very... determined, though. In your plans."

  "My plans are twofold," Caleb said lightly. "Short term and long-term goals. I, ah... wish only to prevent the wrongs that were done to me from happening to any others."

  "A noble endeavour, though I suppose redemption often is," Essek said carefully, and Caleb knew when he was being treated like glass, but he found that he could not bring himself to mind overmuch. "Do you know how you will execute these plans?"

  "Yes," Caleb said softly, looking up at Essek now and knowing that, of all people, he would understand the drive behind his convictions. "Perfectly."

  "Hm," Essek said, crossing his arms again. "I must admit—the idea of moving through time, it... is an attractive dream."

  For a moment then, there was quiet. It wasn't uncomfortable, or even awkward, the unspoken promise of a tantalizing future—or would it be a past?—filling the space instead. But, just as fast as it had come, it was broken, and Essek smiled widely at Caleb. "But you have yet to master graviturgy, still."

  Caleb, perhaps for the first time in a decade, rolled his eyes.

  
    Chapter Text
    It was the pounding at his door that alerted him to his unexpected guests, rather than Rylla's usual tentative call. Upon brief reflection, that didn't particularly bode well considering the number of external parties ready and willing to kill him.
  Caleb hesitated from where he had stopped on his stairs, running through practicalities in his mind. Very few people would bother to knock on his door, and even fewer would be able to escape the keen senses of Rylla and the various accoutrements Caleb had given her in order to better monitor the tower. Really, it could only have been the Nein, but Caleb wondered at why they hadn't announced their visit ahead. Jester always seemed more than willing.

  Though, there was the small matter of it being near midnight.

  Hesitantly, he turned and stepped back downstairs, making his way to the door as he brushed a thumb over the copper ear cuff that curled about the curve of his ear, pointing downwards. "Rylla, do you know who is at the door?"

  "Rrmph—!" There was a beat of silence, and then, "It looked like Taskhand Verin, and I think he had Uraya with him? Sorry Caleb, I was eating—!"

  Caleb frowned at that, suspicion clouding his mind as he tucked one hand behind his back, preparing to cast as he used the other to pull open the door. He had only enough time to recognize the figure before him as Verin before the drow was grinning and throwing his arms about Caleb with a warm greeting of, "Caleb! It's been so long!"

  The drow's strength shoved him back into the house, and Caleb fully tensed in his arms, eyes darting towards Uraya at his side and frowning as she reached up and closed the door behind them. "What is happening?"

  He felt the spark of a Fireball forming in his hand, and briefly mourned the painting of the Zemni Fields that he had so lovingly hung in his front hall years ago. Unfortunately, the strange goblin—for the pair could only be strangers, surely—seemed to notice the spell and let out a shout, "Wait! Wait, don't do that yet!"

  Caleb held the spell for a single second, just long enough for the wide-eyed goblin to twist the ring on her hand and shift back to the form of an equally familiar goblin. "Veth?"

  Caleb twisted in the arms of the drow, and found himself nose to nose with Essek—not Verin. He frowned, briefly mapping Essek's face. Those freckles scattered across the bridge of his nose looked brighter than before, standing out starkly against his deep purple skin, and his mouth was curled up into a smile, only slightly tapered from the one that had greeted Caleb at his door. It was also closer than it had ever been before, close enough to—

  "We needed to get past the guards somehow. This proved easiest."

  "You can let go," Caleb replied dryly, hopeful that he could pass off the strained tone as frustration, rather than whatever it was that the feeling of Essek's arms around his waist was doing in his chest. "I won't Fireball you. Or I'll at least wait until you give me an explanation."

  Essek released him, albeit slowly, arms loosening with a slight drag against Caleb's sides. A lesser man might have reacted to the touch—and Caleb was apparently that man; he hadn't been laid so low in so long, shivering slightly at the contact and turning away from Essek to try and recoup his pride. He looked down at Veth instead. "And you needed to slip past the guards why?"

  "We had to come to you with the spell," Veth's eyes were bright as she looked up at Caleb, golden eyes warm and thrilled at the prospective magic. She looked to Essek and Caleb followed her gaze.

  Essek shrugged. "I took your words to heart, when we spoke at the gates however long ago. I didn't wish to risk being found out by illusory magic—it's so easily seen through—and this was far too important to wait."

  "You couldn't wait until morning?" Caleb wasn't accusatory, only curious.

  "Essek—" Veth cast a glance between the two wizards. "He said that with your help, he might be able to finish it tonight."

  Caleb raised his eyebrows. "Tonight? Truly?"

  Essek bobbed his headily rapidly. "I think—" He fluttered his hands wildly, and instead of waiting Caleb turned, beckoning to follow with one hand. Essek followed quickly, trailing after him with rapid steps as Veth made her way along after them both. Caleb led them to his laboratory, curling up to the top floor and ensuring neither guest peered for too long at anything too sensitive by leaving little room for dawdling at the pace he set.

  As soon as they entered he waved his hand, the various sconces alighting with a warm amber glow. He had gone without his mantle since he had stepped within the relative safety of his towers, but he discarded his waistcoat as well now, absently reaching for his spellbook tucked away in the holsters that he always wore at home. Glancing up, he caught Essek staring, tipping his head in silent question at the drow. Even more surprising perhaps, was the quick cough that Essek let out, the rapid scrub of his hand across his own face as he glanced away and then back, gesturing vaguely at Caleb's chest as an odd flush climbed higher on his cheeks. "Um, are those common? In the Empire?"

  Caleb glanced down, frowning at his holster before looking back up. "They are useful. Wristpocket only lasts an hour, and I do not wish to part with my spellbook for any longer than it would take to counter another's spell."

  "Ah," Essek cleared his throat. "Very practical of you. But Veth, show Caleb what we were working on!"

  The distraction was transparent but effectiveness, and Caleb only noted Essek's odd behaviour for as long as it took Veth to retrieve their bundle of notes. He wasn't ignorant of the signs—how could he be, when Essek was always so quick to be obvious in his guiles—but it was odd, incongruent even, to slot them in against their current circumstance. There was nothing to be gained by Essek playing at some kind of attraction to him here, at midnight in Caleb's tower with only Veth as his witness. Which could only mean—

  Well. Perhaps something to consider at a later point.

  He skimmed the notes quickly, laying them out over the desk with a singlemindedness that began purposely and then rapidly became earnest. Essek's influence on Halas' notes since he had last been made privvy to them was obvious, the chronurgical equations compounding in the margins, and in some places, even covering the occasional ancient word or diagram.

  At his side Essek hovered, waiting for Caleb to play catch up. His presence was an odd thing to note, unaccustomed as Caleb was to people being around while he did his work, let alone in his laboratory, his home, his personal space. It wasn't unpleasant in the least, but there was an undergirding of novelty to the whole affair that had him breathless. He extricated himself from his notes, turning to look back at Veth. "I think I can help you. The transmutational properties that Halas speaks of are a bit beyond my ken, but I think I understand enough to be able to patch it with chronurgy. Or, at least, seal the parts that Essek has already done, if you will."

  "So you really think...?" Veth's eyes were wide as she spoke, and she fidgeted with her ring rapidly.

  Caleb bobbed his head, glancing towards Essek. "You've done most of the heavy lifting I think, but I would be honoured to help finish it off."

  "Of course," Essek's eyes were bright with the potential of it all. "You have been a part of this from the start. It only makes sense that you see it to its end."

  Caleb nodded swiftly, then clapped his hands together once, delighted by this most welcome of upsets to his night. "Come then, I have components around here somewhere..."

  ⬡

  They settled into a rhythm quickly, with Essek focusing on fine-tuning his chronomantic equations while Caleb compared them to his somewhat shaky recollection of transmutation and its principles. Veth handled the application of components, her chemical know-how drawing together the wizards' equations into something tangible and real.

  They were deep into the night, exhaustion pulling at Caleb's bones as he tapped a quill against the grain of the desk in thought. He had stuck on a particularly irksome equation, unsure which variable was the key to move on to the next stage and feeling too daunted at such a late hour to try all of them. He was just about to switch tactics and move to a different section of the patchwork spell they had partially built when he felt a hand press lightly against his.

  Caleb broke from his reverie, looking to his side to see Essek, holding out a mug of tea. "You looked like you may need it."

  "Did you pillage my stores?" Caleb asked as he took the cup, sipping from it gratefully. The grassy, herbal flavour was as familiar and comforting as it was energizing.

  Essek raised a single eyebrow at that, but mercifully did not comment on Caleb's phrasing. "Not at all. I found Rylla and requested her aid. She seemed accustomed to you taking odd hours."

  "Not always of my own volition," Caleb huffed. "I am rather bound by duty to keep odd hours. If I had my way, I'd sleep until I saw the sun again."

  The words were said lightly, but Caleb still caught the crease at Essek's brow, the furrowing as he sipped at his own tea. "Are we keeping you from hard-earned rest? We can leave, I know the timing was inconvenient—"

  "Peace, Essek," Caleb reached out almost instinctively, pressing his palm firmly to the drow's shoulder, grounding him. "If I didn't want you to be here, I would have said as much."

  "Perhaps I am too used to us being grudgingly accepted wherever we go," Essek said with a smile, lowering his mug to grasp it between both hands. He looked the absolute picture of at home, draped in loose clothes and holding one of Caleb's decidedly rougher mugs, the handle chipped in a way that gave it a thumb rest. His hair was mussed just so, a loose curl pulled from his usual coif by his own hands, which always seemed to tug and muss at his hair when Essek forgot himself.

  While before he had acted on instinct, now Caleb reached up and very deliberately plucked at the lock of hair, brushing it back behind Essek's ear with a careful curl of his fingers. His ear twitched almost instinctively when Caleb's fingers grazed it, and Caleb lingered for only a second before withdrawing his hand. Essek's eyes were wide, cautious but not hesitant, as if he knew precisely what he wanted, but didn't dare hope for it. Caleb, all else aside, rather liked being wanted.

  "Mister Shadowhand?" Veth's voice cut through the quiet easily, and Caleb hesitated only a moment, fixating just a beat too long on Essek before turning around.

  "Yes, Veth?"

  "I think I've got your equations right, but I could use your help with proportions, I think." She looked up from the makeshift workbench that Caleb had helped her set up, eyes bright as he made his way over.

  Measuring out proportions turned out to be slightly more tedious than Caleb was entirely used to. He used components in all of his casting, but tended towards whole items or elements that required significantly less measurements when writing his own spells. They were halfway through measuring out precisely equal quantities of sand when Veth breached their little bubble of quiet, her voice soft and kept just between them. "He really likes you, you know."

  "Hm?" Caleb's mind was half-filled with the fear that for the sand to be truly equal, they may need to start counting individual grains, and it took him a moment to catch on. "You mean Essek?"

  "Yes." She looked towards the drow, who was seated across the room, frantically filling pages of parchment with variations on a runic circle that would bind the two strains of magic together. Veth turned back to face Caleb. "He's a very private man. Not because he was intentionally hiding anything—well, at first he was, but that's beside the point—but because he never lets on about himself in, in that way. I think sometimes he feels like he owes us information, rather than us wanting to know about him because he's our friend."

  Caleb hesitated, turning the words over in his mind as he tried to piece together what Veth meant. "Perhaps it is hard, when you have dealt only in secrecy and politics, to understand that some people operate outside of those boundaries. I know it has been a difficult road for me to walk."

  She smiled at that, glancing back at Essek, and Caleb watched the way her face shifted into something warmer, kinder, gentler. He chanced something more. "You're very protective of him."

  She turned back to Caleb, looking thoughtful. "Yes. I don't think I expected to be, but I am. He doesn't really need it, not most of the time, but I think he's knows that sometimes I need to have someone to fuss over."

  "He is a good person," Caleb said decisively, and Veth nodded, pressing her lips in a thin line.

  "He is a good person. I don't think he knows that, not quite yet. But I see him try so hard to be good, and he loves us all so fiercely, so selflessly," Veth blinked up at Caleb, looking resolute. "It would be a shame if you couldn't do the same for him."

  Caleb raised his eyebrows at that, and if he had been distracted from their component compiling before, he had entirely forgotten it now. "Ah, hm. That's, ah—"

  "Don't get me wrong, I think you're a very generous person," Veth ploughed on, and Caleb felt a bit like he was simply along for the ride. "Not many people of your skillset would help me with all this. I'm very grateful."

  Caleb waited as long as he was comfortable taking, which was not long at all. "But?"

  She frowned as sand slipped between her fingers, into the clay bowl they had been using. "But I don't want to see him hurt."

  "That is... understandable." Caleb turned back to the components, quickly writing down the comparative weights of the two piles of sand balanced on the small scales before them, thinking all the while. Finally, "There is much you do not know about me. That he does not know about me. I think, perhaps, if he knew everything about my past, he would not feel the same. So, while the truth may hurt, I do not think that you need to fear for his heart."

  Veth made a disbelieving sound as Caleb continued to sort through the components, mind wandering away from sand to the clay dish that they were storing it in. He only glanced up when he felt a sharp poke to the centre of his forehead. "You're wrong, you know."

  "Oh?"

  "He's very smart," Veth continued, punctuating her words with random jabs at Caleb's head. "Don't underestimate him. I think he knows how he feels."

  Caleb only smiled, and tried not to let it show as self-deprecatingly as it surely was. "If you insist."

  "Tch," she shook her head dramatically. "Wizards. Also the sand isn't working. What do you think about using raw clay instead?"

  And before Caleb could answer, she had already upended the dish.

   
  
  
    ⬡
  

  They were nearing dawn when they cracked it, though dawn meant little to the people of Rosohna. It still meant something to Caleb though, and as time ticked down, his mind felt hazy with exhaustion and memories of sunlight and purple-orange skies. He still had yet to return somewhere beyond the creeping borders of night that had become his entire world, and that realization struck him just as he absently scrawled a single sigil on one of his scrap pieces of paper, only realizing a minute later what he had done.

  "Caleb?" Essek's voice sounded painfully awake, and Caleb was reminded of the inherent rejection of sleep that elves lauded over every other race. He blinked down at the paper he had written upon, mind buzzing as he pieced together the final equation in his mind, slotting this singular sigil into its rightful place at the end. Then, Essek's voice again, much closer than before. Caleb turned away from the parchment to look up at Essek, who was leaning against Caleb's desk, eyes wide in question. "Are you alright?"

  "I think I miss the sun," Caleb said softly. And then: "And I believe that this is it."

  Essek's eyes went wide as he tore his gaze away from Caleb's and onto the page before him, scanning it as he gripped one hand upon the desk and the other splayed across the back of Caleb's chair. Poised as he was, his face was practically brushing Caleb's, though Essek was ducked low over the desk, seemingly unawares. Staring at the drow in profile, Caleb felt the sudden, overwhelming urge to kiss his cheek.

  He was saved any embarrassment by Essek whirling in place, hands planting heavily on Caleb's shoulders as he did so, his eyes warm and burning bright. Distantly, Caleb thought about how he always had had a knack for fire.

  "You beautiful, incredible man," Essek breathed, and he grinned wide, twisting around to face Veth with a shout as he ducked low and scooped her up into his arms. She let out a yelp, clutching the pat of clay that she had been using as a test component to her chest as Essek pulled her into a crushing hug. Slowly, dazed still, Caleb stood and blinked, scribbling out the final lines of their spell and watching in awe as the parchment flashed a brief pale blue before the ink settled back into the paper, simply waiting to be cast.

  "We did it!" Essek had made his way back to Caleb's side of the room, and before Caleb was entirely aware of what was happening, Essek had wrapped an arm about his shoulder, pulling him close as he deposited Veth on the ground. He ducked forward, pressing his forehead hard against Caleb's. "You did it."

  "We all did," Caleb corrected quickly. He pulled a face. "Halas did."

  "Take the credit, Caleb," Essek scoffed and, faster than Caleb could process, Essek pulled back and pressed a brief, firm kiss to his forehead. Caleb blinked owlishly, stunned even as Essek pulled away to drop low and speak to Veth. He stayed that way for slightly longer than he should have, but shook himself from his stupor and, glancing down and seeing the downturned faces of his companions, set about cleaning up the laboratory instead.

  Veth and Essek were scanning over the parchment rapidly, conversing softly between themselves, and as Caleb shuffled together his notes, paging through them thoughtfully as he considered the ramifications of what this meant, a small voice at the back of his mind couldn't help but note that it was nice, to have other people around and filling his space with talk and company and their own special brand of magic. It felt whole.

  "Caleb?" He turned, mind stil foggy in spite of everything that was happening around him, catching Essek's wide-eyed hesitance. "I think we're going to take a day. Maybe two, Veth isn't quite sure yet. But I wanted to thank you, truly."

  Caleb glanced towards the doorway, where he caught the edge of Veth, looking more skittish than he had ever seen her. He took a step forward, twisting slightly to take her in fully. "It's okay to, to feel like an outsider in your own body. Especially if that body is only a memory to you."

  She looked up at him from the dim of the unlit hallway, wide yellow eyes almost luminescent and catlike as she looked back at him carefully. "But what if it isn't me anymore?"

  Caleb smiled at her, sad and open. "'You' change every day. Perhaps you are not the same Veth who you were all that time ago. But that does not mean that this is who you are meant to be. Time changes us, just as much as magic."

  She nodded slowly, reaching up and taking Essek's hand as he leaned into her side. "Thank you. You have done more for me than I ever could have expected or even hoped for."

  Caleb shook his head. "I'm no champion. Only a man who values magic and all that it can give us."

  She smiled at that, a small , private thing. "Maybe that's all I needed, then. But you've been very gracious, and we'll leave you to your sleep, or trance or whatever you do."

  Caleb followed their descent out of the room and down the stairway, towards the door. "I'm a human still, though I reside in an elven city. I sleep just as you do."

  "Poorly and at odd hours?" Veth offered as Caleb pulled open the door and the pair stepped out into the early morning dark.

  "That sums it up quite well, actually."

  Veth only grinned at that, still white-knuckling Essek's hand in hers as her smile shifted into something softer. She reached up, fumbling to take Caleb's hand in her other one, and gave it a small squeeze. "I hope the next time I see you, I'll look different."

  "I hope so too," he agreed easily, squeezing her hand back. And as the pair pulled away, with Essek shifting back into the form of Verin—an uncanny moment where Caleb felt a brief hit of confusion at whether or not he was attracted to Verin—Caleb watched on, and thought about what it meant to know yourself deep enough to bend time and matter into your true form.

  
    Chapter Text
    The peace talks were set to occur at sea, and the whirl of planning, calculations, and scouring of the borders for stray agents to recall and interrogate was all of Caleb's life for the next two or so weeks. It was odd, to foresee a potential end to a war that had defined the entirety of his life for far longer than he would have liked, and far shorter than he could have expected. He almost didn't believe that it was happening, and only found himself convinced when a council meeting ended with Leylas casting a look towards him, beckoning him back to her quarters.
  After his conversation on typhros with Essek, he had been wary of speaking with the Bright Queen, always unsure about how much she could read on his face. After almost a decade, he thought that his poker face was quite good, but doubted that it could beat centuries of life turned upon his measly thirty-odd. After so long, he supposed that everyone must be reduced to thin archetypes of people, likely nigh-indistinguishable from one life to the next. He didn't want to know which he fell under.

  "Caleb." Leylas had settled into one of the chaises sat in the corner of her quarters, and Caleb carefully settled into the one opposite her as she gestured towards him. "What did you think of today's proceedings?"

  Caleb cast his mind back over the past few hours, considering. "It bothers me that the Empire is gathering in Nicodranas. Understandable, predictable, and I do not entirely believe it to be bad per se, but it... irks nevertheless. For them to be so aligned with a supposedly neutral party."

  "Very good," Leylas dipped her head and swiped her thumb over the familiar ring that adorned her thumb. Seconds later, Silena entered the room with a silver tray of two glasses of wine. As Caleb took his offered glass, he immediately clocked it as an extremely fine vintage, raising an eyebrow in silent question. Leylas' knowing smile widened, and she sipped from the glass delicately, clearly waiting until Silena stepped from the room once more. She lowered her glass and continued to watch Caleb for a beat longer. "I have a task for you, should you accept."

  "Of course. Anything."

  Leylas laughed, and Caleb thought of how rare a sound it was. She sounded genuinely amused as she leaned back ever so slightly in her seat. "Your loyalty does you proud, but perhaps wait until you hear my request."

  Caleb set his glass down on the small table between them and stayed leaning forward, watching Leylas with keen eyes. She continued, "I would like for you to go to Nicodranas. Not during the peace talks—I think I would like for you to remain in Rosohna, though the optics of having you on the ship may be beneficial—but to scout ahead beforehand. I know we have some agents already stationed there, but I would prefer to have you attend to things, for my own peace of mind."

  "What would you have me do?" Caleb asked, though his heart was pounding with the desire to recall the feeling of sunlight on his skin.

  "Nothing extensive. Perhaps look out for the movements of the nobles and the city's preparations for its incoming guests. I would prefer quantitative intelligence to... snooping. We can leave the latter to those already stationed in the city."

  "Alright," Caleb paused, turning over the request thoughtfully. "Was that all? I am, of course, happy to go. Perhaps for a week?"

  "A week is reasonable." Leylas took another sip from her glass and when she set it down, Caleb could see the shift in her expression before she had even asked her next question. "The war is coming to an end soon."

  "If all goes well," Caleb smiled.

  Leylas did not. "Your role will change. You'll need to take on more diplomacy. Spend more time in the Empire, likely."

  "If that is what you require of me."

  Leylas narrowed her eyes. "You are not a fool, Caleb Thelyss. Do you foresee this being an issue?"

  Caleb refused to pause to consider the question. To do so would be to show weakness. "Not at all. I was always aware that, should the war come to an end, I would likely become the face of the Dynasty. It is an honour to be asked—but not a surprise, if I am to be so bold."

  "Hm." Leylas stood, making her way over to the side table and sitting delicately to examine herself in the mirror, still eyeing Caleb in its reflection as she did so. "It is strange, Caleb. That I have known you for so long and still find myself unable to parse you and your... goals."

  "Oh?"

  "You came to us as an Empire rat," she said flatly, though without malice. "And you have grown and become a man well-versed in our customs, our intricacies, our society. And yet you have never lost that wild look about you. As if you are always seconds away from fleeing in the middle of the night."

  "Ah, and to think I believed that I combed my hair enough this morning to be rid of it," Caleb lamented, and was relieved to see a smile on the Queen's face.

  She turned around fully then and faced him head-on, her eyes open and genuine as she stretched out her hand, beckoning for him to take it. He did, stepping closer so that she could cup his hand gently between hers, almost beseeching in her deft touches. She looked up at him as she spoke.  "What little I know of humans is this: you burn so bright, with such little regard for that which does not concern you. But I see more in you Caleb, and it is why I put so much faith in your abilities. Do not let that trust go to waste, whatever your plans are."

  Caleb could only nod, silent as Leylas released his hand. And as she gestured for him to leave, departing her chambers with a whisper of a farewell as she watched on in her mirror, he could only wonder at what, exactly, this meant for his future.

  ⬡

  Of course, he still had responsibilities in the city, and seven of them resided at one convenient location. Even knowing that, and knowing that he would need to make the Nein aware that he would not be as accessible as he often was, Caleb still puttered about his own tower for as long as he could avoid actually encountering them face to face. In the end though, the need to explain his departure was apparent and Caleb had been scolded by Rylla enough—she was very much the only person who he allowed to scold him—that he eventually made his way over to the Xhorhouse.

  In a fit of petulance he did so in the evening, hoping in vain to go fairly unnoticed at such a late hour. He thought he had done fairly well too, as he knocked on the deep maroon door. He even caught himself from smiling too widely as Essek was the one to greet him, dressed in casual clothing and floating in place, his slippered feet barely an inch above the floor. "Caleb?"

  "Essek." He looked more alert than Caleb perhaps expected him to and it threw Caleb briefly, the moment made strange by all the potentialities it held delicately in its grasp. "My apologies for the late hour."

  "It's no trouble," Essek cast a glance behind himself and stepped out onto the stoop, half closing the door behind him. He looked back to Caleb, smile small but warm. "What did you require?"

  "I, ah—" He hesitated, suddenly made awkward by the realization that he could have done this with a simple Sending. He could lie to himself and pretend that he was doing this to garner favour with the Nein, or grant something of a personal touch in his dealings with them, but Essek was smart—if Caleb tried to say either of those things, the truth would likely be gleaned regardless. How embarassing.

  The elf took pity on him. "It's fortuitous you came by. I was only just looking into a new venture, one you may be some help with. Would you care to come inside?"

  "Research or practical tests?" Caleb asked, and cursed himself inwardly for getting sidetracked so easily.

  "Ah, only research so far," Essek shrugged. "I was able to... borrow some tomes from a friend when we were last in Nicodranas, and they were enlightening in some aspects of dunamancy that I was unable to keep up with in my absence. Potentiality and not Chronomancy, unfortunately."

  "Nicodranas? What a coincidence," Caleb was saying before he could entirely stop himself. "I was only just heading there, would you care to accompany me?"

  Essek blinked at him, and there was a long, drawn out pause as Caleb felt his own words sink in. Outwardly he kept his cool, but he immediately scrambled to add on, "I was coming by to let you know that I'm planning a brief departure from the city. It won't be long, only to tie up a few loose ends, but I would be able to take you there and have you back before, well. Sunrise, by any other nation's standard."

  "Just to... discuss arcane theory?" Essek asked slowly, and Caleb played at being nonchalant, dipping his head in an easy nod.

  "It is a paltry expenditure of energy, and if your research draws on knowledge taken from a personal library, then that sounds rare enough to be worth it for me. Besides," Caleb added, and felt bold. "You know Nicodranas well, do you not? Perhaps you can show me somewhere new in the city."

  "I..." Essek hesitated, and Caleb could see him thinking deeply, weighing his options as he continued to watch Caleb. There was a moment, a quicksilver flicker of regret as Caleb wondered if he had said or done the wrong thing, before Essek's smile turned wry. "I will need to disguise myself."

  "I would happily assist as needed," Caleb returned brightly, feeling something in his chest settle and warm at the prospect.

  "No, no," Essek twisted to close the door fully behind him and stepped down, dropping his float so that he was eye-level with Caleb, even standing as he was on the step above him. "You're transporting us, I wouldn't dare ask you to expend more energy on me."

  "If you insist," Caleb shrugged, only somewhat disappointed at missing his chance to show off.

  Essek briefly glanced back, up towards the tree that towered over their home, his expression flickering downward for a moment. Then he turned back to Caleb, his smile warm once more. "Well, shall we?"

  "We shall," Caleb agreed, and they Teleported away in a brief flash of silvery-grey light.

  ⬡

  The first thing Caleb felt was the sun, and he instinctively closed his eyes against its bright light, allowing it to soak into his skin for the first time in months. He settled heavily into the feeling, uncomfortably aware of how much he had missed this, of how natural it felt to be awash in sunlight. He was so used to shadow that he had forgotten the light needed to cast it.

  When he reopened his eyes, Caleb realized that he couldn't see Essek. He cast his eyes about, looking for that pale elven form Essek had taken once before. Instead, he caught sight of the slightest shift of a drow form as Essek slipped into a side alley. With a frown, Caleb followed and caught up easily as Essek peered out the other side of the alley, seemingly scanning the larger crowd that filled the narrow cobblestone streets. He glanced back at Caleb with a wry smile. "I'm so used to only ever seeing this city at night. It is beautiful in the daylight."

  Caleb stepped up beside him, peering out into the street only far enough to glimpse the passing people, the wending streamers that hung, suspended, between buildings. He opened his mouth to say something more, but watched Essek's eyes go wide, the elf stumbling backward with a hiss of, "Zhelezo!"

  Instinctively, Caleb drew forth a series of somatic gestures, ending with a flourish just as Essek grasped his wrist and yanked him backwards, towards the narrow laneway between buildings where they had initially landed. He stumbled to a stop, glancing over his shoulder and feeling only somewhat assured at not spotting any Zhelezo... yet. He turned back to face Essek, an apology forming on his tongue before it died completely as he realized what his Seeming had conjured.

  Caleb was near-unfamiliar with Nicodranian clothes and customs—which was why, in his brief panic, he had conjured the most obvious set of clothes for them both: Empire rags, drawn from his own recollections. He had dressed himself in finer robes, reminiscent of those that his old tutors wore, though he coloured them darker and with the faintest celestial print along the edges, for flair. Essek, however, he had dressed in clothes that he recalled himself wearing in those days at the Academy. In that split second Caleb took in the sight of Essek, breathing heavily as he craned his neck to look over Caleb's shoulder, his white linen shirt with the worn collar hanging loose where it hadn't been laced tight enough, to keep cool on those rare hot days in Rexxentrum. The trousers, too, scuffed at the knees from age, at the hips where his components pouch rested always, at the hems where he had done a poor job of cuffing them. Both had been lost to him for so long, yet here they were again, hugging the form of this strange, beautiful drow.

  Caleb liked it. Essek, judging by the way he frowned as he looked down at his disguise, did not. He glanced about the laneway warily, reaching absently forward and grasping Caleb's wrist again, pulling him deeper down the path between buildings and parallel to the path of the Zhelezo. "As much as I appreciate your quick thinking, I think a drow in Empire clothing may attract more attention than my own raiment. Do you know much of Nicodranian fashion?"

  "Nothing at all," Caleb said. "I can guess, perhaps? The spell lasts eight hours."

  "I can do you one better." Essek dragged them around a corner  and came to a sudden, sharp stop. Caleb had only a brief second to spot the backs of a pair of Zhelezo, heading away from their current hiding spot, when he felt Essek fold against his chest, his face pressed to the meat of Caleb's shoulder and fingers tight in the fabric of his shirt. "Watch the street."

  "Was?" Slipping into Zemnian, how trite.

  "There are enough people about. Find some whose appearance you like and get inspired."

  "And you...?"

  "I'm hiding my paradoxical appearance until you give me a new one. It hardly makes sense for us both to waste spells right now."

  Caleb narrowed his eyes at the form in his arms, but acquiesced, peering out into the street and scanning the people around him. The style of clothing was easy enough to pick up on, and Caleb spotted a pair of men in deep discussion passing by, with billowing shirtsleeves and narrow-cut pants which tucked into high, dark boots. It was oddly reminiscent of the depictions of pirates that he had seen in books as a child, and perhaps Caleb would have given them both absurd hats, had he not thought that that might defeat their attempt at being subtle. He rotated his wrist, watching the illusion take as the two men slipped back into the larger crowd, then continued to frown down at Essek in his arms.

  His head was tipped away from the street, the flat of his cheek pressed into Caleb's shoulder and his form curled in upon itself as the grip he maintained on Caleb's shirt held. There was a tenderness to his touch however, and Caleb wondered, distantly, when he had last been touched with such ease, such affection. It was a strange and discomfiting thing to consider, his mind drifting back to darker days in the Academy. Still— there was a hidden, secretive part of him that warmed at the idea of new memories, less tainted with sin.

  But, well. "Alright, the coast is clear."

  Essek pulled away quickly, not looking at Caleb and instead scanning his new clothes and nodding with approval. He turned away then, hesitant and careful before stepping out onto the main thoroughfare and squinting up at the light of the sun. It was a strange juxtaposition for Caleb, to see him—to see any drow, but specifically this one—in broad daylight, though they thankfully didn't seem to be garnering too many odd looks. Essek's steps were oddly reminiscent of a newborn fawn, skittish and curious, and Caleb stepped up beside him regardless, keeping an eye on their surroundings as Essek took in his city under the light of the sun.

  Essek was quiet for a long time, but Caleb let himself watch him, and when he finally looked back at Caleb, it was with all the delight of a child discovering candy. "I haven't been back to this part of the city. I... never knew the colours could be this bright." His smile was cautious, as if he expected Caleb to rebuff him, and he was quick to glance down, examining his himself thoroughly for the first time since Caleb had cast. "You didn't change my form."

  "You mentioned how you did not wish to hide any longer," Caleb replied. "I didn't think you would want your return—your latest return, perhaps—to be in the form of another."

  "Oh." Essek looked up, staring back at Caleb for a long moment. "That's... true. And remarkably astute of you. Thank you."

  "Of course," Caleb glanced about, deftly dodging a small bustle of gnomish women who chattered their way past him, ignoring them both. "I have to ask—do you know of any bookstores in the city? I am always in the market for something new to read."

  Essek beamed. "I know just the place."

  ⬡

  "The fact remains, there will always be two schools of thought on the matter, but dividing dunamancy into only two sub-disciplines would upend the theory behind the concept of it as a school of magic. Potentiality and Chronomancy must be different, because if the only elements that made up the school were time and gravity, it would seem all the more disparate." Essek was gesticulating wildly as he spoke, and Caleb could only shake his head. They were speaking in Undercommon, a language that the dwarf shopkeeper didn't seem to know, judging by their bored and vacant expression as the pair carried on discussing highly secretive magic. Caleb was enjoying it all a bit too much.

  "But time leads to further potentialities. The two are inextricably linked. And if we accept the possibility of going backwards in time, of altering our own positionality within time? What is that if not creating new potentials?"

  "You put too much weight on time," Essek tsked. "Chronomancers are all the same in this way."

  "There is an obvious joke to make about graviturgy there," Caleb cut in, and over the top of a low desk stacked with books, Essek grinned back at him.

  "Still," Essek protested, picking up a book and skimming through it absently. "A bit of perspective would do you good, I think."

  "Perhaps I should delve deeper into potentiality, seeing as graviturgy does not seem to... be a good fit." Caleb stepped away from the low table they were stood around and made his way towards a set of shelves that angled deeper into the back of the shop.

  "I've been thinking on this," Essek said, trailing after him, his accent lilting with a brighter affectation. It was odd, to hear him speak in his mother tongue; Essek seemed far more expressive in it, his accent slipping often into a blend of formal court diction and something more akin to what Caleb was used to hearing in the seedy taverns that Verin would drag him to. He glanced over his shoulder at the elf, who had lifted himself absently into a float to scan the highest shelf. "You're strong-willed enough. You have enough beliefs that drive you. If it logically follows that you are able to conjure a gravity field from a strong enough belief in something, then you should not struggle."

  "And yet," Caleb smiled self-deprecatingly, plucking one large tome from the shelf and thumbing through it. It seemed to be an index of various herbs and other plants to be used in tonics and poultices. He skipped to the section on healing and, briefly, checked for one on poisons too. Finding nothing, he slotted it back into place. "I am eager to see what my tutor has in store for our next session. I'm beginning to believe that it's rather hopeless."

  "Hopeless is a frame of mind," Essek huffed, dropping back to the ground with a book in hand. "Is there nothing you have an unwavering belief in?"

  Caleb looked over at Essek fully then, backlit by the sun as it streamed in from the narrow windows that sat, opaque with grime and set high into the building walls. Dust motes drifted about him, caught in the ray of light and turning the sight of Essek hazy and distorted, almost mauve in the shifting golden light as it struck his deep violet skin. He was flipping rapidly through his book, a cheap papery thing that looked more like a pamphlet than something truly published and distributed widely, but it proved enough of a distraction for Caleb to watch him without Essek's notice. "Perhaps some things. Only a handful—though I hope that will be enough."

  "I suppose we'll see at our next lesson," Essek closed the book and cast his eye about, seemingly satisfied. He switched to Common. "Are you finished? There was somewhere else I wanted to show you, if you are amenable."

  "I am always amenable to your whims," Caleb said easily, and was almost surprised that it was true. He frowned down at the pile of books that was floating at his side. "Though perhaps I ought to purchase these first."

  "Perhaps," Essek agreed, and his smile shone.

  ⬡

  "I admit," Caleb said, as he came to a stop where thick grass gave way to sandy beach. "I am surprised that this is your chosen locale."

  "I spent many nights here," Essek said, dropping into an ungraceful heap where the sand of the beach dipped into a slight hill which ambled its way into the ocean. "When I wasn't working."

  "Working."

  "Stealing, if you care about semantics." Caleb could hear the derision in Essek's voice as he sat down delicately beside him. "Or does that offend the great Shadowhand of the Kryn Dynasty?"

  "I was raised in a family where the cost of a single book made it a gift for the year, if I was lucky," Caleb said softly, more wistful than hardened. "I am no stranger to having to steal to get by, though it was never my, ah, speciality. Though I'm sure you already know such details about my past."

  "Stealing, truly?" Essek's gaze was fixed ahead, on the endless ebb and flow of the waves, though his smile was soft. "Perhaps you should tell me a bit more. So that I may know you as well as you seem to think I already do."

  And Caleb was charmed enough by his words to say, "What would you like to know?" and not fear that such a question was as dangerous as it could have been, in the wrong hands.

  Essek turned to face him fully, cheek resting on one knee that was propped up in a bend, doubling as a shield from the brightness of the sun that was slowly dipping towards the horizon. Caleb thought that he had never seen a more beautiful sunset, and it had hardly even begun. "Anything?"

  "Perhaps," Caleb offered. "In truth, I have spent little time discussing my past with others. I suppose we will find out together what I do not wish to discuss."

  "Hm." Essek considered, and his gaze was distant for a moment before he spoke up. "Do you believe it can change? The Dynasty, I mean."

  Caleb was surprised. Of all the questions that Essek could have asked, and after all this time, it was still a shock to him how deeply the drow cared for his country of birth. "I think it would be harder to untangle it from the elements that hold it back than the Empire. But that means little, with elven lifetimes."

  "It means much coming from one of its political elite," Essek countered, though without reproach.

  "I admit, I have never been as invested in changing the Dynasty from within," Caleb said, and let his voice grow hushed. "I am nothing if not aware of my own mortality and comparative inability to change things. But I can leave a legacy that perhaps, in time, will help to make a difference."

  "That's the question you thought that I would ask, isn't it?" Essek's smile was wry, but genuine in its delight, and Caleb couldn't help his answering one. "I should avoid it, just to spite you."

  "You're too curious for that."

  "Yes, well," Essek shrugged, curling further into himself. "Do go on, then."

  "You know much of my plans already." Caleb protested, if only to bide time. He looked away, towards the sea, and considered his own convictions. Overhead, a pair of gulls squawked and rode the thermals with twisting, loose movements. He exhaled slowly. "I would like to start a school. An academy to rival the one in the Empire. To surpass the one in the Empire. But it must be set somewhere neutral, where it can accept students from across the continent—even all of Exandria, if Tal'Dorei mages are so inclined." He paused, looking down to the sand and drawing absent lines in it. "I would need to leverage my current position, and any goodwill I could build in the Empire, to do such a thing. But it is worth the lifetime of work that it will surely take—I would not have any child left behind to be consumed by the machinations on either side of the conflict."

  There was a pause then, a breath held as Caleb continued to look down, his mind awash with visions of the future and its branching, incalculable, staggering potential. Then, the slightest brush of fingers against the back of his hand, and he dipped his head to look at Essek from the corner of his vision, catching the wide-eyed look on the drow's face. "When you said your plans were not so different, I didn't realize how true that was."

  "I didn't expect you to be inclined in such a way," Caleb said, and let the double-meaning catch in his voice. "It was surprising. But not unpleasant."

  "I'm glad." His hand tightened over Caleb's, leaning in slightly to correct for the awkward angle. Essek's hair, haloed by the setting sun behind him, was caught like burnished gold in the light. "It is a good thing to have. To share."

  "Is it?" Caleb breathed.

  "Yes." Essek searched his gaze for a moment longer before drawing back, his hand shifting to rest on the sand, burrowing long, slender fingers in like roots. "But perhaps not with me."

  "Oh?"

  "You gave me a truth," Essek pushed on, insistent. "It is only fair that I give you one, too."

  "Your heresy."

  "My heresy," Essek shook his head, and his exhale was sharp and bitter as he tipped his head back to catch the sun fully, eyes closed as he took it in. "Would you be so kind as to check for prying eyes? I do not speak of this lightly."

  Without missing a beat, Caleb let his fingers drift into the familiar sigil for See Invisibility, blinking once to clear his vision as he scanned their surroundings. Finding nothing, he looked back to Essek who was still facing skywards, his expression oddly relaxed and almost penitent. "Nothing."

  "Good." Silence. And then, "The Beacons were stolen because of me."

  Caleb blinked. Let his mind fixate and twist Essek's words like a gem under a jeweller's loupe as he ran through the connotations and possibilities that bled from Essek's admittance. "What do you mean?"

  "I mean exactly that. They could not have been stolen without my aid." He remained how he was, face angled skyward, but pulled now into a grimace. "I was young. A fool. That does not excuse my actions, but it explains them somewhat. There are... many complex reasons why I did what I did. Many, many, many, but I suppose the guiding one was that I was in line to become the Shadowhand, and with that, I was to be consecuted. And so I underwent the process: I walked the steps, said the words, and was guided by my mother's hand. And it refused to take."

  "What?" Caleb breathed, and he thought he saw a ghost of a smile on Essek's face. A bitter thing.

  "Yes, I think that was the first thought that I had, as well. And I am, as you say, curious. So I devoted my time to figuring out why. I wanted to be pious, to be the Shadowhand that I had been trained to be, and so I sought out as much as I could on the Beacons, the Luxon. Our faith." His head dropped low then, and Essek let out a sharp, angry sound. "To me, that is piety. Research, study... that is holy, in my eyes. To the Bright Queen, however, it was heretical."

  "She saw it as questioning the faith," Caleb finished.

  Essek nodded. "There were whispers. Talk of my lack, and I knew that my time in the Dynasty was drawing to a close. I had danced too close to the flame. But I still wanted answers. Or, at least, I wanted there to be answers, for someone to know the truth, even if it was not me. I was arrogant—I thought that if such truths were gleaned from the Beacons, that I would eventually find them out."

  "You said such experiments would never happen in the Dynasty," Caleb pressed. "You were right."

  "Indeed. So my last act, with the powers that I still wielded even in my limbo, was to break some of the seals on the Beacons. Not all—that would have been obvious. But just enough that, were an incursion to occur, their Empire agents would face far less resistance if they tried to take them."

  Caleb watched Essek carefully, less concerned with his own thoughts than with Essek's expression, tight and guilty. "But you returned the Beacons."

  Essek let out a rough approximation of a laugh, swiping sharply at his eyes as he continued to avoid Caleb's intent gaze. "You remember Thuron? The soldier I told you about?"

  "Yes, of course."

  "Encountering him... the blind faith that he had in me, entrusting me with the very object that I allowed to be stolen. That could not have been taken without my own intervention," Essek's hand sunk deeper into the sand. "It changed me. For him to grant me that trust, to die for a traitor like me? That is a debt I will never repay."

  "He was consecuted, though," Caleb said softly, though he knew the words were empty.

  "And so I must live every day with the knowledge that he may be returned to us and learn of my crimes. That he'll discover that I would have given them freely, had I more time." Essek furled inwards, his hand still deeply grounded in the sand while the rest of him was wrapped in and around itself, his forehead pressed to one knee as he closed his eyes tightly, as if trying to block out the light. "No, his being consecuted does little to soothe my guilt."

  Caleb reached out with both hands, gently telegraphing his movements as he pulled at Essek's palm, at each individual finger until they had been pried from the ground. Dusting off the sand that had ground its way into skin and under nails, Caleb clasped Essek's hands between his own. He searched for the words and, finding none, simply began to speak. "I told you once that there was a reason why I left the Empire, and a reason why I cannot return. They are different, though perhaps unsurprisingly, related. The details... do not matter too much, I think. At least, not now. What matters is that, under the guise of loyalty to the Empire, I did a terrible thing and the people whom I cared for most were the ones who suffered because of it. It broke me and I tried to flee; instead, I was taken to the Sanitorium, as you know, which was where I stumbled upon the Beacon.

  "It felt like chance, but perhaps some would call it fate. Either way, staring into it allowed me to see endless possibility, futures and potential untapped—ones where my parents yet lived, where I ran a school for children to learn and not become weapons. And, most importantly then, some where I was not mad." Caleb stopped, realizing distantly that he needed to breathe. There was a slight pressure in his hand, and when he looked down, he realized that Essek had twined their fingers together, his grip tight but assuring in its gentleness. There was a wash of guilt as Caleb recalled that he had intended to comfort Essek with his words. He scrambled to add more. "I say all this for a reason. I cannot atone for what I have wrought. There is no penance. But I can stop it from happening to other children after me. And I can ensure that no matter what happens in my own work with chronurgy, in this timeline at least, there will be other mages to whom I can entrust the future."

  "You truly believe that?" Essek was watching him through half-closed eyes, his gaze cautious as he looked on.

  "I believe that I must do good," Caleb whispered. "And this is the only way that I know how."

  Essek watched him for a long moment then, his hand gentle and soft as he brushed his thumb against the pale of Caleb's own hands. His gaze didn't waver, but a smile pulled at his lips. "It is a good dream."

  "It is."

  "Though this," he continued, and his voice took on a different cadence, exhausted but warm as he stretched from his inward-facing pose out into a recline. He didn't break their shared point of connection though, merely resting his hand on the sand between them. "This is less than I intended it to be. You've missed so much of the sunset."

  "I caught what I needed of it," Caleb assured him, though Essek looked back at him with thinly disguised disbelief.

  "Hmm. And what of your work, too?"

  "What of it?"

  "You are staying in Nicodranas?"

  "I have a mission to complete here." Caleb looked skyward, briefly. "And, to be honest, I am enjoying the sun."

  "Ah, duty calls then."

  "Indeed."

  "Nobody would ever accuse you of shirking your work." The emphasis felt only lightly barbed, and Caleb smiled at the darkened sky.

  "Oh, I don't know." He flexed his fingers that splayed between Essek's own. "I think I've done a fair share of shirking today, at least."

  From his peripheries, Essek shook his head, dismissive. "Ah, but this is but a momentary lapse. Slippage. You'll surely return to yourself soon enough."

  "Perhaps." Caleb tipped his head to watch Essek again, the sinking sun now almost entirely obscured by the horizon line and painting the drow's skin in hues of indigo and midnight. And perhaps something fell into place just then, or perhaps he simply landed upon a pre-existing understanding for the first time in that very moment. "Or this is the beginning of something new."

  "Oh," Essek said softly, and his usual blithe confidence seemed to slip briefly, his eyes widening before his expression settled back into something neutral. "Well, I look forward to seeing what that entails."

  Caleb smiled. "As do I."

  "But!" Essek exclaimed, and Caleb had only a half-second to prepare before he was being hoisted to a standing position, briefly bemoaning the use of his shoulder as Essek began dragging him towards the water's edge. "There is one last thing I wanted to show you. You recall I always visited here at night?"

  "I recall something of the sort," Caleb rubbed at his shoulder pointedly, but Essek seemed too intent on dragging Caleb into the boundary of the surf.

  He gestured down with their shared hands, ignoring Caleb's protests. "The light has gone down enough. Look."

  Caleb, reticent but willing to go along with it all, looked down and was met with the sight of a thousand thousand stars. Miniscule points of blue light that rippled and winked out as the water lapped at their ankles, flaring with each subtle movement against the current. He looked around and, in the dark of the now-fully night sky, he saw the roil of waves tossing out further at sea, alit by starlight and these strange, eerily beautiful pinpricks of night. He turned back to Essek and his awe must have registered on his face, because the other man only grinned. "Look."

  He tugged Caleb closer by his hand and dipped the tips of their fingers into the waves, drawing them out with a flourish. The small motes of light dripped from between their fingers, some falling in droplets back into the ocean while others seemed to wink out entirely. Caleb looked up, catching the edge of a pearly smile writ across Essek's face, alit from beneath by a thousand tiny lights before they dissipated and he was left staring at the dark. Well, mostly. "It is like the light of the Shadowshire. They have similar properties."

  "They do, hm?" Caleb reached down, dipping his thumb into the swirl of the warm water and lifted it to brush a quick stripe across the bridge of Essek's nose. He jerked back, hand pulling free from Caleb with a laugh as he dabbed at the glow. It winked out rapidly, but as Essek stepped back, still wiping at his cheek, Caleb reached up to thumb at a spot on the bridge of his nose. Essek stilled, his own thumb half-poised to wipe water from his face even as Caleb brushed lightly at the skin. "You do too."

  "Oh, that," Essek dropped his hand and, at this close distance, Caleb could seem him go briefly cross-eyed to look at his smattering of freckles. "Sun exposure has surprising effects on drow, I suppose. It is rare for us to be out in it long enough for them to develop. But I am one of the lucky few."

  The last words were said with no small amount of derision, but Caleb nodded absently anyway, letting his thumb sweep a path below Essek's eye and to the rise of his cheek. "I think so."

  "Even after everything?" The dip of concern in his voice made Caleb look up, meeting Essek's gaze even in the dim light of the moons.

  "Even then."

  Essek smiled at that, a small thing that was tinged with something much heavier. He drew back, a single step the seemed so much farther than either of them could fathom. "I think I ought to return. It's surely late enough in Rosohna. If I stay awake much longer, I am bound to do something reckless."

  "Then come," Caleb said, reaching out his hand. Essek took it and he led them both back to drier, grassy land.

  It was only when he had nearly finished drawing the Teleportation Circle, that Caleb chanced a look up at Essek, who was fluttering his hands in the somatics for Prestidigitation to wick away the water from his shoes.

  It was strange, Caleb thought as he fixed once more upon the glow of Essek's freckles, that he could go halfway across the continent for sunlight, yet he found it in a drow under the cover of night.

  Perhaps, too, he had waited long enough.

  
    Chapter Text
    Caleb pulled at his mantle, stifling as it felt on the precipice of the tailor's shop. He had learned to prefer it, to enjoy the feeling of being shrouded, but he knew he would have to lose it when he entered and the thought was briefly terrifying. The curtains that partitioned the shop fluttered open, and from its depths stepped Verin. He smiled at Caleb wearily, ambling over and clapping a heavy hand to Caleb's shoulder as he turned and glanced back at the entryway. "Are you going to be alright?" 
  "I have my doubts," Caleb said lightly. He glanced back over his shoulder. "How is she?"

  Verin's face pinched. "She's herself. Which is to say, she's in a good mood, I think. Seeing you would improve it, though. I'm sure of it."

  "I'm not so sure," Caleb protested, and Verin only gave him a weary smile.

  "Well, she tolerated my chatter for an hour, so I'm sure she can handle whatever you throw at her. My mother is nothing if not excellent at dealing with her crowd of progeny."

  "And what a crowd it is," Caleb hummed. He felt a laugh punch its way out of him as he reflected on Verin's words. "It really is, isn't it? I almost pity her, this collection of us that she's put together."

  "That should be your opening line," Verin agreed. He looked back, out over the city. "I'd best be off. It looks like it might rain soon, and I need to head back to Bazzoxan."

  "Let me know when you're settled in, ja?" Caleb caught Verin by the sleeve, watching him closely.

  "Ja," Verin grinned, mocking as he punched lightly at Caleb's arm. "You're doing it again. But yes, don't worry about me. You're to be going off to sea soon. Worry on that, if anything."

  "I have made a career out of worrying about several things at once," Caleb corrected. He looked back at the tailor's, then to Verin once more. "Be safe, Verin. Don't do anything rash."

  Verin smiled, squeezed his arm once, very deliberately, and then turned and sauntered off into the afternoon. Caleb watched him go for a beat, exhaling slowly before he turned back around to brave the depths of the tailor's. It was strange, to have gone through so much, and yet this was the moment that he had to steel his nerves for.

  Caleb stepped forward and parted the curtains, immediately swallowed by the dim interior. Lights hung from the ceiling, suspended on thin gold chain. They were warm in hue, oddly incongruent with the rest of the decor of the Dynasty, and Caleb had always loved that about this particular shop. He thought that perhaps the warmth reminded him of sunlight or fire, and found that he missed it even as he clothed himself in traditional tones of purple and indigo.

  The shop too, was cluttered in the way that tailors often were. Bolts of cloth draped from railings set into the walls, and though the room was large, it felt small as hooks and coat racks loaded with various apparel seemed to crowd in at the edges. At the centre of the room, upon a rounded white chaise sat Deirta Thelyss, hands crossed in her lap as her gaze dropped from something above the doorway to Caleb as he entered. She smiled, a small thing, and he returned the look. "Umavi."

  "Caleb," her voice was warm as she greeted him, and he couldn't help but feel the rush of emotion that he always had when she welcomed him, that almost of motherly affection or affectation that he wished for. She stood. "I'm glad you are on time. My son showed up ten minutes late to his appointment, and he doesn't need his new raiment nearly as much as you."

  "Ah, but I'm sure he had a good reason for his lateness," Caleb allowed his smile to be fond.

  "He always does," Deirta sniffed. "It is his talent. But yours is holding court and looking the part. Come, let's get you fitted."

  Caleb followed the Umavi through another set of curtains, into the wide dressing room replete with several mannequins that bore various robes and formalwear befitting his position. A triptych of mirrors was positioned in one corner, with a demarcation in the floor indicating where one was intended to stand. In another corner, thankfully, a thin papery partition created a faux-nook for him to step behind as Deirta wheeled one mannequin over. "The tailor will be by at my request, but I did not want them to harry you as you tried on the clothing. We don't need you to look how a common tailor wants you to look—we need you to look like royalty."

  "I am not royalty though, am I?" Caleb returned hesitantly, as he began to undress behind the partition. He let the mantle pool on the floor and briefly stared down at it, wondering if there was a metaphor to be found in it, or if he was simply taking poor care of his clothing.

  "In the Empire's eyes, you may as well be. You gained us a Beacon. Two, in some ways. And you chose the Dynasty over them. That makes you kingly."

  Caleb took in her words as he began to pull on the inner layers of this first outfit, the dark breeches beneath shirts and waistcoats, and any number of further accoutrements that he had never gotten used to wearing. Absently, distantly, he thought that it was strange how this outfit seemed to mimic Empire styles in Dynasty colours; but he was far more focused on Deirta's words. "I am happy in my position as Shadowhand. I have never wished to be anything like a king."

  "A Champion, then. Like my Essek is." He froze for a moment, but slowly continued his movements, buttoning the waistcoat with cutting precision. "Have you met with him since his news in Court? You must have—tell me everything."

  Caleb stared at the ground, at the dark mass of his mantle upon the floor, a swirl of cloth that carried so much more than he could have ever predicted when he crossed the border into the Dynasty more than a decade ago. He studied the glint of the wide shoulderpieces as they caught the warm, amber glow of the lights, and thought that typhros was a cruel, ugly thing to have warped a mother's love into this.

  It was also not a leap of logic to guess that Deirta's typhros was another reason as to why Essek had sought to rid the Dynasty of their Beacons. He had known of her devotion to them, of how they were warping her mind, and it was mere educated guesswork to suppose that a more naïve, more believing Essek would have thought that merely separating Deirta from the object of her obsession would have been enough. It explained, too, why he had been so crushed to learn of her worsening condition. All that work, all that betrayal—all for naught.

  But Essek wasn't here. He was, and Deirta's expectant eyes were on him as he stepped out into the light, catching her gaze in the mirror's shining silver reflection. And so Caleb smiled back at her and did what he did best. "It is a fine look, is it not? And I have spoken to him, albeit very little on the matter of the Beacons."

  Deirta stepped up, her hands settling upon his shoulders as she looked him over. She was taller than him, though not by much, and her presence swelled to fill the space around them. Or perhaps that was his own perception of himself, taken as he was with how her her silvery braids looked like firelight dancing in the open air, her white dress draped with a spun silk half-cape that was suspended across one shoulder. In comparison, he felt like a child playing dress-up, even while her smile grew at the sight of him. A kind smile, a motherly smile.

  "You look quite handsome, though—" she plucked at his shoulders, her smile creasing into a frown. "This is rather Empire. Perhaps that was a specific request by someone, but I do so prefer you in our clothing. You have always looked finer in a Dynasty cloak than whatever passes for fashion in the West."

  Caleb had only enough time to wonder if that was a compliment before Deirta continued. "And regarding Essek—I must wonder what you speak on, if not the Beacons? I suppose you are both accomplished arcanists, but it is a wonder to me that you would have room for more with the work you are already doing."

  "I am grateful for the chance to return the Beacon to the Dynasty," Caleb began carefully, eyeing himself in the mirror before catching Deirta's eye again in its reflection and stepping back behind the partition, moving onto the next outfit. "But it is but one act in a series, all of which I hope will benefit the Dynasty. The Bright Queen has offered me the role of ambassador to our people. I believe that I will be leaving soon, for an extended period of time. I also believe Essek and his party do not intend to stay for much longer. They are fickle; they have plans beyond Rosohna, I think."

  "He wouldn't leave the city so soon," Deirta dismissed, and as Caleb carefully laid the outfit back upon the mannequin, turning to don the next one, he was glad that he could not see her face just then. "He still has much to accomplish here. I expect I'll see him soon, in court. It would not do for him to neglect an apology, though he has already done so much for the Dynasty."

  "Deirta—" Caleb cut himself off, straining against the weight of the conversation and all that it held. He looked down at himself, the Dynasty-styled jacket that lay unbuttoned across his chest suddenly stifling with its high, stiff collar, and Caleb felt something in his chest break. "...Do you mind helping me with these buttons?"

  "Of course, my dear Shadowhand." She swept towards the edge of the partition as he stepped out, lifting his chin as she pulled and tugged at the jacket. "It's an odd fit on you, but you wear it well, regardless. I always said this tailor was a poor choice for the Bright Queen, but nobody listened to me."

  "Or perhaps I am still, after all these years, unused to Dynasty formals," Caleb smiled bitterly.

  "Nonsense," she tutted, her slender fingers easily looping the small fabric knots in on themselves, looping over and around the buttons that made up the slanting cut of the coat, which curved up from the hem to the high neck at Caleb's throat. "Like I said, you wear Dynasty fashion far better than Empire wear. And you have always been a handsome man, Caleb Thelyss. Do not let anyone deceive you with their whispered and jealous words."

  Caleb stared back at her and for a moment, he could feel the last decade slip away, pulled from his fingers unwillingly and leaving him grasping for something to cling onto in its stead. He cleared his throat. "I have never said thank you, I think. Or if I have, it has never been enough. You have been like a mother to me, in a place where I did not have one. I have spoken little of my past to you, to anyone really, but you must know that that meant—means—more to me than I can ever express."

  Deirta looked up at him from where her hands were working at his clavicle, her smile wry, and for a moment Caleb could see Essek in her, the amused slant of the mouth and shine to her eye that told him she knew precisely what he meant. She looked back down. "You know, these high collars have a dual purpose in the Dynasty. An old one, which many have forgotten."

  "Oh?"

  "They are pretty to look at, of course." Her hands were at his neck now, fixing at the last few buttons. "But more than that, they centre the spinal column and angle upwards in the front. It has the effect of forcibly lifting the head, the chin." She underscored her point by tilting his chin up with one finger and deftly fastening the last clasp with her free hand. When she was finished, Deirta stepped back, not dropping her hand from his chin as she looked him over, studying Caleb's form. She met his gaze. "You are of Den Thelyss, Caleb. You were chosen by the Luxon to find us, to be put on this path to help us piece its light together. I am honoured to be a part of that, and to have seen your potential so early on."

  Caleb smiled back at her, lifting his chin ever-so-slightly higher as she dropped her hand. "I will endeavour to do more for the Dynasty. For peace."

  "For the Luxon," she corrected absently, taking a step away to examine him from all sides. "You have done well for its Light, Caleb. Don't undermine your own talent. Essek always did the same, insisting his work was for arcane accomplishments and the pursuit of knowledge. But we forget, I think, that dunamancy comes from the Luxon's eye.  The arcane and the divine are not so different, I think."

  "It is its own form of piety," Caleb acquiesced. He considered his words. "Are you concerned that I am leaving soon? I think I will be in Rexxentrum often, though I will hopefully return to Rosohna as much as I am able."

  "Not at all. You are no traitor, so I would not need to fear for you in that sense." She laughed, half to herself. "And when my son retrieves the Beacon after the peace talks, he can take up some of your work within the city. It will be a load off your mind, I hope."

  "Verin?" Caleb asked, though he knew that she did not mean him.

  "Essek," she replied, and Caleb's heart sank. It was not a flawless plan—for one, even if Essek wanted it, the Bright Queen and the rest of the Court would never be persuaded in such little time to Deirta's side. But to hear of the machinations that she spoke of so cavalierly struck the part of him that cared for Deirta. It was its own kind of betrayal perhaps, though in not quite so many words. She continued while he mused. "I would like to speak with him before this happens, but I have not stooped so low as to seek him out. And he is as prideful as ever, refusing to come to me. It is one of the uglier parts of being on your first life, I think."

  Caleb had remained where he was, steady before the triplicate mirror, and Deirta had apparently concluded her appraisal of him, resting once again at his back and dropping one hand to his shoulder as the other brushed lightly through his hair, watching him in the mirror. "You have never been so."

  "No," Caleb agreed. "No, I do not think proud is a word to describe me."

  "Perhaps you are an old soul, then," she smiled. Her expression held for a long moment, and then pulled into something wider, softer. "Perhaps we ought to ensure it, even. I think you have been patient enough."

  "Ensure...?" Caleb tensed under her hands as he pieced the meaning of her words together.

  "You are our Champion," she declared, fierce in her convictions now that they had been voiced aloud. "And I would see you continue as such."

  "But I am an Empire human," Caleb said, and hoped that he had kept the tremble from his voice.

  "Not in your next life," she said easily, and squeezed his shoulder. "Come—there is much to think on, but also many more outfits for you. Your duties never cease, though I hope to ease them, if only a little."

  And Caleb went, his mind in tumult.

  ⬡

  "You would think," Essek said, as he stepped back to dust at his spotless clothes. "That there would be wards against teleporting into this district, let alone your own home."

  "I was the one teleporting us," Caleb pointed out, waving his hand to prestidigitate the imaginary lint that Essek seemed convinced was marking his outfit. He looked about. "And I suppose I have not given you the tour. Would you like one?"

  "Hm, later perhaps," Essek's eyes were bright as he made to leave Caleb's front entryway, slowing as he realized what he was doing and coming to a stop at the base of the stairs. He glanced back, almost sheepish. "The laboratory is upstairs, still?"

  "On the top floor, yes," Caleb followed behind him as Essek continued on his path, amused at the drow's presumptuousness and recall. "You remember this tower well, then."

  "I spent many days concocting plans for how I would furnish everything," Essek's voice was wistful as he climbed the winding staircase. "I almost commissioned an Arcane Dial. For the roof, to measure leylines."

  "It is well-positioned for one," Caleb concurred.

  "It is perfectly positioned for one," Essek snipped, though his anger was less fierce than bitter. "But I digress. Verin tells me you met with my mother recently. How is she?"

  Caleb sighed heavily, and Essek let out a sharp laugh. "The usual, then?"

  "No, no." They ascended to the hallway, and Caleb watched on as Essek strode easily through the glass walkway, unperturbed by its daunting height and how it towered above much of the rest of the city. Easily, he waved his hand in the somatics for a dunamantic cantrip, unlocking the door to the laboratory with ease. Caleb stepped inside, continuing his nebulous train of thought. "She is a good woman. In spite of it all, I believe that. But she is set in her ways, and determined to see you take up my role while I away to Rexxentrum."

  "Ah, so that is to be the plan," Essek had drifted away from Caleb's side to look at the alchemical lab he had set up in the corner of the study and Caleb let him, deciding to settle himself heavily in one of the more plush chairs set out for reading. "What else does she have in mind?"

  "She—" he stopped himself, dwelling on his own words, and thought better of withholding anything. "She wishes to have me consecuted. For the part that I played in returning the Beacons to the Dynasty."

  "Oh." Essek straightened where he stood and looked over his shoulder. His gaze was cautious, open. "Is that... that is a true gift. You would be remiss to reject it."

  "I would be making a clear choice if I accepted it."

  "Well," Essek smiled. "Yes. But I sense you are referring to something more than ever-lasting life."

  "I do not think she will cease her pursuit of you," Caleb said, watching on as Essek's smile dropped into concern. "Which, if I am being honest, is not what I worry about. You are accomplished, talented, intelligent. If you do not wish to return to Rosohna, you will be able to manage that, I think."

  "Thank you," Essek said, leaning back against the desk. The room between them felt cavernous. "That means much, coming from you."

  "I mean it," Caleb stressed, but leaned forward in his seat, steepling his hands. "But it also means that my time within the Dynasty is no longer assured. As long as I am in Rexxentrum, ironically, I may be safe. But my role solely as Shadowhand, if Deirta is not dissuaded, will not protect me. On the other hand, if I choose the path that she is trying so hard to lay out for me, I fear I will never achieve what I set out to do all those years ago."

  "You knew this might happen," Essek chanced. "That her beliefs may drive her to ruinous things."

  "I did, I do," he pulled back, palming at his face and considering his own words, always considering his words. "I suppose that I simply never expected it would be like this. That I would have to choose between my own pursuits and her... insistence. Perhaps I am being hypocritical or cruel to you, but she has been nothing but kind to me in these intervening years." He dropped his hands, looking up at Essek from across the room. "It is simply a lonely path to tread, and I do not look forward to doing it."

  Essek nodded slowly, crossing the room and coming to a stop before Caleb. He worried at his lip, the tip of his eyetooth pressing at his frown before he pulled back into a tentative smile, reaching out a hand. "Then perhaps, for now, we should do magic instead."

  "I can only hope it will be less painful," Caleb agreed, taking Essek's hand and allowing himself to be hoisted upright. Essek stepped back as Caleb moved to reach up, tying his hair back in a ribbon and only somewhat self-conscious of the scars that were revealed from beneath the purple silk. But Essek said nothing, only crossing his arms and waiting for Caleb to deposit his mantle on the back of a chair, tugging uselessly at his sleeves and feeling bereft at the sight of his own bare forearms.

  "You won't like what I have planned," Essek admitted, cutting off Caleb's spiralling with a new thing to consider.

  "Oh, good," he said.

  Essek smiled at that. "Do you trust me?"

  "A loaded question, Herr Nein, but you already know the answer or you would not have asked." Caleb stepped closer, and Essek's smile only grew.

  "Am I so predictable?"

  "Perhaps." Caleb inclined his head. "What am I not going to like, then?"

  "Come, a bit closer." Essek gestured him forward, and Caleb frowned, taking another step. There was about a foot between them now, and Essek's smile had turned amused instead of gleeful.

  He reached out, catching Caleb's forearm, fingers brushing over scars that had not seen the light of day in any number of years, and Caleb tensed under that hand. Essek withdrew immediately, smile faltering. "I'm sorry, did you—?" He cut himself off. "I apologize."

  Caleb hesitated but considered the moment, the way Essek withdrew upon himself, nervous and unsure in the face of Caleb's own hesitancy. He was left frustrated by his own hangups, his own inability to navigate the wash of his past as it had roared back up in tandem with meeting this strange new group and confronting Essek, all those months ago.  And it had  been a confrontation, in those first interactions. He recalled the way that Essek had looked at him, the way that he had felt the implicit threat of the drow's return and treated him as such, because the idea that he could ever have been otherwise was so alien to the part of Caleb's brain that was still running, that would always be running.

  Except he didn't need to run, now. He was far stronger than the man he had been when he had surrendered himself over to the Bright Queen and given her a piece of frayed parchment etched in shaky, uncertain hands with the image of all that the Dynasty held dear. He was the Shadowhand of the Kryn Dynasty, and surely that had to mean something, now, after all  this time. Though whether it meant that he would choose the path of his own design or that of another's was, he supposed, more of the question at hand. Either way, he would return to that place where he had been broken all those years ago, and face what stood there.

  And he would face this moment, too. Caleb stepped forward, reaching out to catch Essek's hand in his and carefully direct it back onto his arm, where it had been placed earlier. Essek watched him do it, flexing his hand ever so slightly where it touched Caleb's skin, and looked up at him with a smile. "Unfortunately, that is still not the part you won't enjoy."

  "Perhaps I will not enjoy graviturgy at all," Caleb suggested dryly, and the tension broke as Essek laughed, settling back into himself now that he was assured his touch was welcome.

  "How will you know until you try it? Come closer still, you're like a skittish deer." He dragged Caleb forward until they were almost nose-to-nose, and Caleb was more annoyed by the fact that he was sure he had said the same thing or similar, to Essek once, and balked at his own words being thrown back at him. Essek was busy arranging his limbs, seeming to have taken Caleb's tacit permission as an agreement to rearrange him however he saw fit, and Caleb was content to watch him work. The unsure pull of one pearly fang against an indigo lip had returned, and Caleb focused on that instead of the still-alien touch of another's hand on his arms.

  He chanced a look at them anyway. He so rarely took in the appearance of his scars in his morning ritual, when he wrapped them in the black and deep purple silks. And even when he did, it was never in the full light of torches. Yet it was strangely mesmerizing, to look at them here, now, being turned and prodded into place by gentle violet hands, lavender palms that pressed against ugly pink and white and dark red where it had hurt the most, once upon a time. None of them hurt now, except on days when he thought that they should. But those scars were further up the forearm, still hidden by the dark linen of his shirt, which he had had tailored to cover them specifically.

  He wondered, as Essek's hand encircled his wrist and pulled it forward, if his touch would be as gentle, as kind, on those scars.

  And then he stopped wondering about anything at all as he realized that he was now half-encircling Essek in a kind of odd, distant hug. The drow looked pleased with himself, making last prods to Caleb's elbows to set them in place where his hands now draped loosely about Essek's shoulders, and Caleb only frowned, sure that whatever was going on would indeed be something that he didn't like. Essek looked up at him again, mouth twitching in a desperate bid to not laugh. "Alright, now step up on my boots."

  "Excuse me?" Caleb blinked.

  "I can detail the precise reasons why you need to do this," Essek began, looking down to kick the toe of his boot against Caleb's, not unlike a child with pebbles on the side of the road. "Which involves any number of factors relating to gravity fields and the way they shape the objects that they surround, and can expand to fit things being carried by said objects, and how that would extend to you. Or," he glanced back up, through a flutter of silvery lashes. "You could take a leap of faith."

  "I won't actually be asked to leap from anywhere specific, will I?" Caleb was stalling, and they both knew it. Essek, at least, still had the decency to laugh.

  "No, though I'll prepare Feather Fall just in case."

  He paused. Considered. "Alright." And stepped forward, shifting his weight onto the scuffed top of Essek's boots and lifting a half-inch above the other man.

  "Perfect," Essek was looking down again, and Caleb could feel the slightest shift of fingers against his hip, the fluttering light drum of his touch as it moved in the briefest of somatics to lift the two of them from the ground.

  It was elegant, if Caleb were to think of it poetically. Beautiful, like the first time he had seen Essek cast it. Not only the gesture, which was only the slightest pluck of slender fingers through the invisible weave of threads that bound magic together on their particular plane of existence, but also the fact that Essek had been the one to construct this spell. That he had taken a concept such as the ability to levitate, and built it out into the reshaping of gravity to his whims. And it was nearly just a whim that formed the components for this spell, his somatics so slight that Caleb had only realized they were components because he had been looking for them so intently, had gone over that first encounter with the spell so many times in his own mind that the memory of it was likely rendered some form of permanent now.

  The irony, or cruelty perhaps, wasn't lost on him, that he still could not cast the spell on his own. A fact which was now urgently pressing to the forefront of his mind as he had to shift to embarassingly cling to Essek, as the elf lifted them a foot, two feet, three feet off the ground, and showed no signs of slowing their ascent.

  "Your teaching skills have not improved," Caleb pointed out as he shifted to look over his shoulder, the nerves of being lifted beginning to play across the lines of his muscles.

  "You don't approve of my methods?" Essek's question curved into something more coy, teased out from around an audible smile as the arm that was not at Caleb's waist looped up over his shoulder and down his spine.

  Caleb wanted to say something like, "I didn't say that," or "Bring us back down and I'll show you exactly how much I approve of them," but found that, as they drifted another three feet up, he was beginning to worry that Essek was not entirely focused on the task at hand. "Is it necessary to be this high up?"

  "Shadowhand Thelyss, are you afraid of heights?" Caleb still hadn't turned back to face Essek, so his amused words only  dripped smoothly into the shell of Caleb's ear.

  "Not at all," he shifted his attention to their boots, adjusting his own footing to move closer. "Merely aware that if we fall at the wrong angle, I do not wish to land in any of my alchemical experiments."

  "We won't fall." Essek's assuredness was soothing for about as long as it took Caleb to recall just how cocky the drow always was. "The idea here, since you seem so concerned, is that you recognize that the gravity field can and will catch you, at any height, as it always does. The space below us is simply expanding. We are, in some ways, in every way, always falling with each step that we take. This is merely an expansion of the space between our footfalls and the earth which we are bound to."

  "Poetic," Caleb said, because all other logical thought had mostly left his brain as Essek tightened his grip around him.

  "Would it help or hinder the situation if I were to tell you that we still have not reached the part you won't like?" Essek asked, and that, that was what forced Caleb to turn and face him again, incredulous. They weren't quite touching, and Caleb thought he felt Essek lean back ever so slightly, so that Caleb's nose wouldn't brush his own as he twisted back to face the other man. But it was a close thing, and even at this distance, he was still taken by the details of Essek's face; the freckles, silvery-white in the torchlight and scattered abstractly beneath the hollow of his eyes and the rise of his cheekbones. His eyelashes, such an unfamiliar colour, catching the light in their paleness and turning a shifting, shimmering golden. The swell of his lips, slightly darker than the rest of his skin, the purple more pronounced, perhaps tinged with more red than the rest of his face, though Caleb thought he could see a growing flush across Essek's cheeks. It was a good look on him, the dark stain of deep purple, and one that he would have liked to see more of.

  "At this point, I think I am simply along for the ride, in every sense of the word," Caleb said, and found that he had pitched his voice quieter, like they were sharing a secret between them.

  Those lips curved up at the corners, the slightest suggestion of white beneath the indigo of them, and Essek tipped his head to one side. "That's the spirit. Now, we discussed your convictions last time, yes?"

  "Ja, I believe we did."

  "Well, in the interim, have you settled on anything specific that may be strong enough to justify the creation of its own gravity field?"

  "The concept is still foreign to me," Caleb could feel himself slipping into familiar territory again, and it was a soothing thing. "That an idea can be something tangible."

  "We've been over this—" Essek's frustrations pulled at his expression, twisting his mouth into a frown, the muscles of his forehead, his brow pulling down as he returned Caleb's gaze. "It's not that you're making something intangible real, but that the very fact of believing in something invests realness into it. You must ensure your focus is something innate, something immutable."

  "So you are asking me to pick between one of my convictions in order to not fall to my imminent death?" Caleb raised an eyebrow. "This feels, oh, somewhat on the nose."

  "Not necessarily your convictions." Caleb could feel the points along his back and at his hip, where Essek's fingers strained in a brief pressure to accentuate his point. "It can be anything at all. The smell of a flower, the memory of something beloved from your past. Something which you believe in enough, which is unchanging enough to you."

  "And you believe in the idea that everything has an innate centre? A core that is unable to be remade?"

  "Very much so," Essek dipped his head in a nod. "I believe that while we may change and grow and become anew with each passing experience or day, we all have unchanging elements to ourselves that hold the core of who we are. They are not bad, or good, or wrong, but simply are, and are to be used for whatever whims that person has depending on who they are on any given day. It is not such a strange belief."

  "It is for me."

  "Is it?" Essek watched him, eyes narrowing slightly, but not in accusation. "Chronurgy is built on any number of factors, but some are the immutability of space as a factor upon time-shifting, and fixed points in time itself. Are you so sure that things must be able to change?"

  "I was a Transmutation specialist first," Caleb pointed out. "And it knows nothing about immutability."

  "Except that form is understood according to types, perhaps," Essek offered. "You said it yourself, humanoids have  the same general arrangement of limbs, the same concept of body that is so unnatural to, say, aberrations." He shifted back, and Caleb found it odd, to be able to read Essek's whims in the way he moved. "Graviturgy is not so dissimilar from chronurgy and potentiality. It is a common misconception, which I'm sure I do not need to explain to you, but which bears repeating—if we agree that every step we take is a measured, calculable fall, then transpose that into the control of gravity itself. The very act of bending gravity becomes an exercise in potential. A test of strength against your own convictions, and whether you believe or not that you will make that next step."

  "Your conviction that everything has an immutable self?"

  Essek inclined his head. "Yes, in its own right. My belief that nothing is inherently good or bad. That we can take what we are and make it good, even if that same core once was not."

  "So what—" he fluttered his fingers uselessly where they pressed at Essek's shoulders. "How can I do this? How can I try?"

  "Fix your belief in your mind." The hand that had been pressed to Caleb's spine drew up, skating lightly across the planes of his back and up to brush lightly at his temple. "Know it, inside and out. Feel it take hold. And let it find a place within your centre."

  Caleb closed his eyes—how could he not? There was a softness to the way that Essek watched him that he could not bear to disappoint, not after everything, and he took the coward's way out instead, eyes slipping closed as he concentrated on the fixed points of his own mind. Essek's voice filtered in. "You know the somatics, but this is about mastery over graviturgy, rather than the specific spell. Try to let it take hold, but I will catch you if you begin to fall."

  Caleb tried. Concentrated on pacing himself through the arcane motions he went through every day, every time he cast a spell; that sweet blend of learning and the innate ability that sat in his chest, that connected him to the rush of time that flowed multidirectionally out through the Weave. Felt the timekeeping beat deep within his chest go and go and go and there, he twisted that rhythm into the usual curl of arcana, the chronomantic swirl of energy that gave him power, in every sense of the word.

  Except it didn't take. He felt his eyes open not of his own accord, and would have fallen backwards into empty air had Essek not held firm, his one hand tightening in Caleb's shirt and the other wrapping protectively about his shoulders, keeping him in place as he adjusted his own gravity field accordingly. "I have you, Caleb."

  "I don't know what more I can do," Caleb grit out, and he could feel his frustration mounting, the vice-like grip he had on Essek's shoulders likely leaving some kind of marks beneath his dark shirt. But it was true—Essek and he joked about the drow's teaching or lack thereof, but if the core elements of graviturgy that he had laid out were true, then Caleb would never advance beyond this point. An ugly, twisted part of Caleb's psyche mused on how if his convictions weren't strong enough to lift him a few inches off the ground, they could hardly shape empires—and well, wasn't that a thought.

  "Caleb." He could feel his jaw work, the muscles jumping where he could feel the ghost of Essek's exhales against skin. "Caleb."

  "Ja?" They were so, so high up.

  "Tell me about the school."

  "Was?" He looked back at Essek, brow furrowing as he instinctively tensed, mind racing with the echoes of memories from his time at the Academy and how did Essek know, how did he know—

  But Essek's expression was soft and open, and he watched Caleb with earnest interest. "The school you want to start. Tell me about it."

  "Why?"

  "Because you are reacting poorly to my pedagogical methods. So I am trying a new one."

  "Ah." He looked away, but found he was more lost in thought than practicing avoidance. "I don't- I haven't thought much on the practicalities of it all."

  "That cannot be true." Caleb jerked back to face Essek, and his look of annoyance must have translated, because Essek's smile was radiant in response. "Come, my teaching is rendered ineffective if you refuse to participate."

  "I—" Caleb stopped. Collected himself. Considered. "It would be in Nicodranas. It would have to be, I think. And it would teach all of the schools of magic, though perhaps dunamancy would be more difficult to teach practically." He picked at that thread, too entranced by the chance to speak on this piece of his life that had driven him for the past decade to care if he was being baited into conversation. "But the theory could be there, the basics, which could help to bring the Dynasty and the Empire together and- and perhaps ease tensions. Help the Empire to realize that they are not enemies. That a love for one's home does not need to be warped into something cruel, to be used against a monstrous other."

  Essek's hand, the one that had encircled his shoulders and held him in place, slackened slowly and dragged gently over the back of Caleb's neck; a soothing motion, grounding him even while they continued to be buoyed off the ground. "You love the Empire."

  "I love its people. I was one, but they taught me otherwise and I, in all things but this, am an excellent student." Caleb didn't quite lean into the motion of Essek's touch—couldn't quite do so without falling backwards—but he also didn't look away, and that was something unto itself.

  "You were a child of the Empire though," Essek countered, not unkindly. "And that means something."

  Caleb let out a shaky laugh. "I have spent so long trying to prove that I am not of the West that it is hard, I think, to reclaim it. Especially when it is not the time for it, not now."

  "But one day," Essek said, and it was very much a statement of fact, a truth that was insistently inescapable. "You cannot do everything, Caleb. But I believe that you can prevent the pain that you endured and ease tensions between the two." With an easy smile—and yet not so easy, perhaps instead hard-won, after all this time—Essek leaned in, bumping his forehead against Caleb's pointedly. "If it was to be anyone moving these mountains, it would be you."

  "It would be," Caleb agreed, though he considered the words bitterly in that moment, that this was to be his burden after it all.

  "Caleb," Essek's tone was insistent, and they were so close now, noses brushing, his face almost nuzzling into Caleb's as he spoke. "You must know- you must realize that you need not do it alone."

  And there was no sudden moment, no shock or shift; it was simply that one moment Essek was curving into him, the violet brush of his cheek dragging over Caleb's, and the next they were kissing, lips sliding together in something like inevitability. Essek's touch was soft, the curve of his smile warm and full, and kissing him felt like something had slotted into place—a convergence of potential. The hand that was at his neck splayed wide, pulling Caleb closer even as it slipped into Caleb's hair, tugging it from its ribbon. Essek took that brief moment of distraction to draw his hand down, cupping the curve of Caleb's jaw against loose ribbon and pulling back a hair's breadth to whisper, like a secret, "I would help you. In this, in all things, I would help you. We would help you."

  "Oh," Caleb opened his eyes—he didn't entirely know when he has closed them—but saw the truth in Essek's gaze, and suddenly they were plummeting towards the ground.

  They did not, thankfully, collide with any of the bookcases, the desk, the chairs, or even the fragile and carefully constructed alchemical set up in the corner of the room. They did collide with the solid hardwood floor.Painfully.

  "Fuck." Caleb blinked dazedly, staring up at the ceiling and trying desperately to tell if he still had all of his bones intact. There was a heavy weight on his chest that he had to assume was Essek, but the heaviness seemed to radiate out, settling over his arms, his legs, even his head, though the pounding was now subsiding slowly. He shifted in place and the effort of it felt monumental, with even a simple angling of his chin made frustratingly slow as he peered down at the drow pressed to his front.

  There was an answering groan from Essek and Caleb watched as he, too, struggled to shift and sit up, only managing to pull his chin up to settle at Caleb's clavicle, the effort of the movements evident in the strain of his neck, the pull of his shoulders beneath his shirt strained as his eyes darted around wildly. "What happened?"

  "I'm not sure," Caleb admitted, though he had an inkling of an idea which was far too embarrassing to voice. Essek was not so easily dissuaded, and he strained to press his hands against the floor and push himself up, fighting against an invisible force.

  An invisible force. The thought seemed to come to him just as Caleb recognized it, watching Essek push himself up far enough to not be entirely supine atop Caleb, now separated by a narrow gap that could have generously implied modesty. Caleb watched Essek's eyes grow wide in realization, searching the surrounding space and landing upon Caleb. There was the briefest of moments, as Essek raised a single eyebrow in question and Caleb felt himself scowl, before he was grinning again from ear to ear, relinquishing his lift and allowing gravity—Caleb's gravity—to pull him back down with a huff.

  "Well," Essek said, and Caleb very pointedly tipped his head back so that he could look away, towards the door to the study and opposite Essek. "If I had known that that was all it would take for you to bend gravity, I would have tried it much earlier."

  "Your methods of teaching are, in a word, dubious."

  "Oh, I am not so sure," Essek hummed, and Caleb's stomach flipped when he realized he could feel the vibration of it in his own chest. "They seem quite effective. Are you able to control the density, or are you too distracted at the moment?"

  "I will defect," Caleb said, staring at the ceiling in wonder. "I will defect to whoever will have me. Somewhere remote, far from here. Uthodurn, maybe."

  "We have a Teleportation Circle to Uthodurn," Essek's voice was warm, and Caleb thought he could feel the weight of his cheek resting on his chest now. "We paid good platinum to get it, too."

  Caleb fell silent at that, half in petulance and half as he tried to wrap his mind around the magic that thrummed in the air. It felt odd, strange and malleable in ways that chronomancy wasn't. Where chronomancy felt precise and orderly, driven by the tick-tock of his own innate counter, the weight of the Weave in the room was oddly palpable, as if he could have reached out and grasped at it. Instead, he lifted his hand—it was easy to do now, though he wasn't so hubristic to believe that he was entirely in control of this density effect, not yet—and plucked at the thrum, feeling its response in his fingertips like the hum of lightning. It bent willingly underhand, and he began to test the edges of the spell, to feel how far it extended and his own capacity to wield it. Within a minute, he could feel the weight of Essek lessen on his chest, the strain of being pinned down loosening and leaving him mobile, though still unwilling to move with Essek settled against the dip of his collarbone. With his newfound movement he shifted one arm to sling low over the elf's back, just to be sure he was there, just in case.

  Essek—who had been watching him the entire time, his violet eyes focused on Caleb's hand as it moved through somatics that felt innate, though he had never learned them before. It was true what he had said: graviturgy was not so different from chronomancy, from the bend of potential, and though the somatics for one did not translate precisely, it was as if learning a new dialect of his mother tongue—and Caleb had always had an ear for language. He felt the spell dissolve entirely and recast it on impulse. This time there was no change to their density, to the dip and pull of their gravitational fields; instead, he felt only the potential of their bend, the ability to warp his field and move however he saw fit. Caleb shifted, dropped the spell, and looked back at Essek, his other hand skating absent patterns across the other's spine. "What do you call it?"

  "What?"

  "You invented this spell," Caleb said, twisting his hand in the shape of its somatics and feeling the spell in question take hold. He briefly lifted himself into a hover and grinned when Essek let out a sharp sound, clutching tighter to his shirt as they hovered an inch off the ground. Caleb dropped them back down, letting the spell dissipate. "Surely you must have named it."

  "I did," Essek relinquished his hold on Caleb's shirt but still didn't look up, a frown pulling at the corner of his mouth as he spoke. "It was before. The, ah, name reflects that."

  "Oh?"

  "Thelyss' Traversal." His brow furrowed for a moment, a spasm of anger flittering across his face before he lifted his head, looking back at Caleb. "That was its name. To both honour my Den, and prove that I was worthy of naming a spell after myself. It would have been a great accomplishment."

  "It is a great accomplishment," Caleb corrected. He reached out, cupping Essek's cheek and feeling emboldened when the drow leaned into his touch. He sat up in one smooth motion, leaning forward to catch Essek's mouth in a kiss. Essek scrabbled at his shirt, leveraging his touch to pull closer, to shift and maneuver himself so that he could curl one hand at Caleb's neck and angling himself close enough to taste Caleb's pliant mouth. The thumb that cradled Essek's jaw stroked a single sweep downwards, and Essek sighed into the touch, drawing out their kiss slowly before pulling back and holding in place, his eyes pinched shut. Caleb studied his face, mapped the flush of his cheeks and the tight press of his lips as he grimaced. He leaned forward, stretching upwards to press his lips to Essek's forehead as he spoke. "It's your spell. Not theirs."

  "It could be yours," Essek said, and his voice was small. "It could be ours."

  "The spell?"

  "All of it." Essek let out a shaky breath, his exhale gentle against Caleb's throat. "Whatever you would take, Caleb Thelyss. Whatever you would accept that is mine to give."

  "There's so much—" Caleb pulled back and curled in over Essek, his forehead pressing heavily against the top of the elf's head, nose buried in silver-white curls. "So much that has to happen before I can even- before we can even-"

  "Wait," Essek breathed, as Caleb moved to pull back further. Slender fingers fluttered lightly over his cheeks, unsettled and roaming in their touch as he lifted his chin. "Don't think. Not yet."

  Caleb closed his mouth, watching Essek carefully, and when he swayed forward to pull another sharp kiss from waiting lips Caleb let him, even tinged as it was with a biting press that forced Caleb's mind from drifting again. When he shifted back Essek's eyes were closed, as if he were savouring the sweetest of berries. "Stay in this moment, stay here with me."

  "Okay," Caleb could only lean back in, murmuring against his lips. "Okay, I will try."

  And there was little he could do to fight against this pull, this graviturgical urge to sink into the moment. There was no sun outside to warn them of the passing of time, but there was the steady tick of forward motion in Caleb's chest, stronger than his own heartbeat and harder to ignore, even with the distraction of Essek on his lap, at his mouth, in his orbit.  So he stayed for as long as he could in a stasis that did not exist, not really, but which was nevertheless sweet to imagine.

  In the end it was Essek who drew back first, his hands still unsettled but pressed lightly to either side of Caleb's face, as if trying to hold him in place. He didn't go far, the rapid flutter of his breaths in the space between them masking the rise and fall of Caleb's own chest, and he looked up at Essek to find those eyes already on his. "I cannot shirk my duties. As we established last time, if I recall."

  "And you have a perfect memory."

  "Something like that." Caleb pressed closer, his arm circling around Essek further and pulling him in close, unable as he was to stay away. "Find me. After your adventures. After you have saved the world, or sated your need to leave, find me."

  "Where will you be?" Essek dipped down, his movements stuttering between frantic and slow, and he drew another kiss from Caleb, who was content to let it linger.

  They parted with a shared intake of breath, and Caleb reached up to run a hand through Essek's hair, brushing it aside gently. "Nicodranas," he said, and knew it to be true. "I think that I could be there, after everything. After I've shed my mantle and you, your disguises."

  "Nicodranas," Essek's smile was like a shared secret caught between them. "I like the sound of that."

  "I don't know how long it will take," he warned, and almost thought better of it. It felt empty, to make a promise with no constraints on time. "But I will be there. When the time is right."

  "Well," Essek hummed and he leaned in for another kiss, his lips brushing against Caleb's as he spoke. "We will make it work. After all, time is one of our shared specialities."

  ⬡

  Caleb Thelyss, Shadowhand to the Bright Queen of the Kryn Dynasty, was bored out of his own mind.

  This particular Court session was far less interesting than most had been, of late. A mere gathering of favours owed and a monotonous survey of the city's day-to-day business, all of which was hardly more than a distant cousin to his own affairs. He cast a look to his left, where the Skysybil was hacking a cough behind her closed fist and smiled, waving his hand in a vague impression of a Prestidigitation and clearing her dainty white handkerchief of whatever it was that had marred it. Abrianna caught his gesture at the last second and gave him a crooked smile, leaning over slowly in her chair to speak and forcing Caleb to curl closer to hear her, even in spite of how quiet the room was. "I hear this last group is interesting."

  "Oh?" Caleb raised an eyebrow, his amusement only rising. "Who told you that?"

  "I spoke to Zethris earlier, while Tasithar was doing his—" She made a wildly rude gesture, and Caleb caught Leylas' smile just over Abrianna's shoulder, her eye catching their exchange from the edge of her vision. His smile grew, even while he tried to avoid looking back at her. "And she warned me that they were an odd bunch."

  "Hm," he glanced towards the doors, where the Taskhand was unscrolling a piece of parchment, skimming it rapidly in preparation for their visitors. He looked back to Abrianna. "Frankly, I would appreciate something refreshing. How odd do you think they are?"

  "You know Zethris," Abrianna gave him a look. "Odd is a tame term, for her. But I heard they have a human with them."

  Caleb pulled back, sure that his surprise was evident on his face. "An Empire human? In Rosohna?"

  "It seems that way. And an elf who looked Empire too," she grinned, the points of her sharp teeth crookedly poking out over her upper lip. "Maybe they'll be assigned to you."

  Caleb returned her gaze with an unamused tilt of his own, drawing back as the Taskhand cleared his throat for the announcement. "One can only hope."

  He straightened in his seat, craning his neck only slightly to get a good view of the doorway. Out of the corner of his vision he caught Leylas' eye and her slight nod of affirmation, indicating that he ought to keep his guard high. He looked back towards the doors, gaze careful and sharp as they parted to reveal the most eclectic group of travelers that Caleb had ever seen. An array of figures spread out from the central entryway, fronted by a hunched goblin woman who huddled in on herself as she stepped up to the dais, entirely contrasted by the tall blue tiefling at her side, whose warm smile curled upwards as she entered. Slung over one shoulder was a bright pink haversack, smeared with red blood that seemed to be only half-dried, though it was somewhat obscured and obfuscated by the trio at her back: a pastel firbolg, a wide-eyed half-orc, and a monochrome barbarian woman. Briefly, Caleb wondered if this was the human that Zethris had spoken of, but as she stepped under the shine of the beaconlight above, he thought he saw the slightest shine to her skin—decidedly not human, then.

  The last two stuck out the most, however. There was the human, standing towards the back, and Caleb understood immediately Abrianna's description of her as odd. She was clean, dressed in the deep blue of the Cobalt Soul, though Caleb knew—painfully so—that they did not yet have a branch within the Dynasty. Still, that didn't seem to dissuade this woman, nor did she cower at the sharp gazes of the Court, half of whom had immediately fixated on her. No, instead she was staring right back at him, her dark eyes boring into his with a sharp and curling sneer. Caleb returned her gaze with an impassive one of his own, used to such looks at this point, though perhaps not from other humans. His eyes trailed back to the elf behind her, and he narrowed his gaze.

  The elf was tall, pale with white-blond hair that looked odd, almost sickly under the white-blue glow from above. He was handsome albeit in a strangely angular way, his face pinched in a manner that seemed to dissuade eyes upon him. He also seemed oddly nervous, his gaze flicking rapidly between members of the Court and settling strangely between Deirta and Caleb himself. There was a moment, the briefest of glances, where Caleb caught his eye and found himself shocked at the level of disdain that his gaze held. It was strange, certainly—Caleb knew he was not a good man, was barely able to scrape together the label of 'morally grey', but he could not imagine what he may have done to warrant such hatred in the eyes of an Empire elf.

  Nevertheless, he cast his eye towards Leylas, curling his finger in a shared sign where it sat hopefully unnoticed in his lap. She narrowed her eyes, standing in a silent signal to the Taskhand at the front to alter their announcement. The Taskhand's voice, clear and unwavering, rang out across the room. "You gaze upon the Bright Queen, Leylas Kryn! Step forth and kneel before the Lady of Light!"

  Caleb watched the group, huddled together in an odd, disjointed circle, stumble forward until they had gathered at the base of the dais. Only the elf, whose gaze had never left Caleb, hung back. Even so, he was well within range for Caleb to draw his fingers through the air in a rapid Dispel Magic. Well within range for him to Counterspell too, and Caleb felt his eyes widen as he caught the first shifting reaction from the elf, standing with a snarl at his gall and slashing his hands through the air in the strongest counter that he could muster. He locked eyes with the elf, whose lip had now pulled into a full sneer—a look which, upon being countered, curled further to the sharp reveal of a fang and violet skin that flushed down the length of the drow's body. The Court errupted into whispers as the group, this Mighty Nein, took a collective step back. All except for the human, who instead boldly stepped forth, her bearing tall and poised as she stared Caleb down and entirely ignored Leylas' advance to the edge of the dais where she drew her staff forth and slammed it upon the ground thrice. "ENOUGH!"

  Caleb's gaze never wavered from the half-hidden form of the drow, now obscured by the crowd of his compatriots who had huddled around him in an odd show of defense. All Caleb could see was the slight curl of white hair and the low swirl of a dark Empire coat. He cast his eyes over the rest of the Court briefly, searching their faces for a reaction, and caught upon Deirta's face. She was further to the right and had a slightly better view of the drow because of it, though whatever she saw had her face slackened with shock, her jaw half hanging open; the indignity of that look alone was enough for Caleb to take another step forth, in line with Leylas as she roared into the silence of the room. "Who are you to enter my Court under a false guise? Show yourself intruder, and pray that the guards do not kill you on sight."

  From within the huddle of odd shapes and characters, Caleb saw the blue tiefling whirl about, her eyes wide with worry as she stepped forward—and her haversack missing. Caleb advanced once more, drawing his hand from his cloak and aiming one long pale finger towards her, the crystal prism embedded in one of his many rings beginning to glow. "My Queen, I fear they have brought something of ill intent into our Court, and I will not see you harmed by their false forms."

  "I beg your pardon." A clear, sharp voice rang out from the middle of the room, and Caleb saw from the corner of his eye as Deirta stood slowly, gripping her seat with intensity. From within the huddle, hands pulled at the drow—though whether they were trying to hold him back or push him forth, Caleb wasn't sure. All he saw was the man stepping forth, parting the bodies of his companions with clear intent as he straightened, his arm elbow-deep in the bloodied haversack, and appearing to be drawing something from within. It was only the sharply electrical sweetness of dunamis which perfumed the air that stopped Caleb's hand, and he knew that Leylas felt its ripple too, saw the moment that her staff dipped slightly as she swayed forward.

  And then: a flutter of movement as the bright pink fabric fell to the floor, the twist of a dark-sleeved arm as it lifted an object high above the drow's head. The shining, ethereal glow of a Luxon Beacon as it filled the room, and an answering gasp going up among the nobility who all stood, nearly as one. Caleb could barely look away from it, only managing to catch the grim expression on the human's face in the centre of the room, the answering tears tracking down Deirta's cheeks, before he was pulled back into the orbit of this object—the very Beacon that had awoken him from madness over a decade before. The last comfort he had ever known.

  And the drow bearing it—Caleb had seen his face in portraits, though only the ones intended to be hidden within the high towers of Deirta's abode. Once too, in Verin's apartments, before he had caught Caleb staring and turned the framed portrait face-down, with a grim smile and a pat to Caleb's back. Then again, burning amongst a pile of other kindling for a ceremony of worship in honour of the Light. Yes, Caleb knew this drow, and he seemed to know Caleb as well, what with the way that he gazed back at him—Caleb Thelyss: the Shadowhand, the usurper, the youngest member of Den Thelyss, and the bearer of the very role that this same drow had once been promised.

  His eyes held on Caleb's as he spoke, his voice high and clear in the silent room. "My name is Essek of No Den, and I am here to return that which was lost."

  ⬡

  