Tecryd Savani reclined across his new throne, his feet propped up on some form of golden idol the elves worshiped. He could just imagine the angered words Alur would say, saying how he was disrespecting their god and how he’d suffer for it.Well, the god wasn’t exactly striking him down, was he?”Tecryd waved a hand to bring up several silver mirrors, each one shimmering to reveal his new prisoners. You know, for a little bit, Tecryd thought he might actually fail to take Vyaros’ powers. But that idiot human Ecra tripped over his own sword and nearly impaled himself on it. Their poor healer rushed to his side but by the time the fighter was back on his feet it was too late.Tecryd was now a god. The drow had won.These adventurers had been a thorn in his side, Tecryd thought with an annoyed twitch of an ear. Ever since the beginning of his campaign, they’d been terrible to deal with. Always trying to stop him, Ecra always charging forward. Tecryd reached up and touched the scar over his right eye. That had almost cost him his sight.If it hadn’t been for this motley band, he would’ve long since absorbed the god’s powers and been a ruler of the land. They’d slowed his progress.And now they would pay.The first mirror showed Ecra, pacing back and forth anxiously in his cell. He was likely the youngest of the adventurers, going by his appearance- wide blue eyes, slightly tousled brown hair, and those freckles spanning across his cheeks and his ears. Now, without his sword and armor, he seemed even smaller than he already was.The halfling witch was sitting very still, her knees curled to her chest. Sweet little Herra. Once a simple cook, she’d taken up arms after Tecryd had destroyed her home and killed her father. She was a passive little thing, quite cute with those round fawn colored eyes and red curls that went every which way, but she was an excellent healer. If it hadn’t been for her, Tecryd would have successfully killed one of their party during their many battles.Alur made his stomach twist with anger. Elf. Drow were called the ‘dark reflection’ of the elf, and therefore Tecryd had hated the paladin the first time he laid eyes on him. Alur was the perfect picture of elfkind, with gold-white hair that cascaded down his back and the richest royal blue eyes, his ears coming to defined point. Even now he didn’t seem troubled, merely meditating in his cell, his regal head bowed but not in surrender. In thought. Alur thought he could outsmart Tecryd. Oh, how Tecryd wanted him to break.The drow rogue Tecryd had the least hatred for, although he still despised Thola to the core. Her skin was a soft, dusky purple, and her pure silver eyes showed no mercy when she attempted to stab Tecryd in the back long ago. It was luck he dodged in time. Thola was a traitor to her kind. She was still trying to figure out the lock, not that it would do her much good without her thief’s tools.Braizra was still trying to bash down his cell door by the look of it, stupid half orc always thought brute strength would have him win out in the end. The barbarian had broken Tecryd’s spine on an occasion though, so there was no way Tecryd was letting him out while he was raging like that. No, Braizra would have to tire himself out before he was punished.Then there was that wild card, Sakal. A sylph oracle who was plagued with constant illness, Sakal didn’t let his curse get in his way. He kept pace with his friends and was honestly the most unpredictable. Sometimes Sakal wouldn’t even be in the party, or at least wouldn’t appear to be when they attacked Tecryd. Then he’d show up late and be the biggest thorn in Tecryd’s side with the sylph blowing wind around. Tecryd wanted to understand him. Of course right now he was snoring, sleeping like there wasn’t a single thing wrong.Oh, he’d enjoy taking them all apart, piece by piece.Tecryd ran his tongue over his lips… which one first though? Clearly not Braizra. He’d end up with a broken spine again and god or not, that would hurt. Sakal, better let him stew a while. His lack of anxiety wasn’t going to make this fun. Thola, he needed to wait to punish, she was going to be hard to crack. Same with Alur, oh, how he couldn’t wait though, he had some toys to assist him with that venture. Ecra, again, he was close to breaking but he needed a bit longer.Herra, though… he heard that sob from her mirror. He grinned.Oh, she was ready, all right.

“Wait! What’s going on?! Ecra! Help!”Herra heard no sign of her friends as she was dragged down the hallway, her chest heaving as she attempted to get a good breath of air. Oh, she was so scared, for once in her life she couldn’t think of a way out of this.But there had to be. She had to stop hyperventilating, otherwise she’d pass out, and, ugh, Tecryd would not be any more merciful on her. He’d had no mercy on her father, after all, killing a halfling that was half blind and restricted to his chair most days.Herra didn’t like to hate anyone, but oh, she loathed Tecryd.The makeshift throne room, which was once the main part of the temple, had been completely spoiled. Tapestries to the new drow god hung on the walls, a throne made of blackened silver in the center. In front of the throne was a table… filled with food? Good food, too. Cheeses, flatbreads, wine and grapes.Herra was released, and then she laid her eyes upon Tecryd.The black skinned drow was reclining by the table, a new light to his face that Herra had never seen before. He seemed stronger, healthier, than he had in the past. He always looked like he was in pain before. Now he looked almost happy. Almost. His right ear twitched and he looked up with his bright red eyes, the cat like slits widening upon seeing the halfling.“Well, I’m not eating alone, am I Herra? Sit with me.”Huh. He actually knew her name. He’d always just called her ‘halfling’ or ‘bitch’, the latter because she kept getting her friends back up ready to smash his face in. Herra wasn’t strong, she knew this. She stood no chance in combat with Tecryd. She was a healer, not a fighter.So she straightened her shoulders and approached the table, cautiously sitting beside him. She’d never been this close to Tecryd before, well, other than the time he’d grabbed her by the throat and was about to throw her across the room. That was a different time though. He’d been so angry then… now he was actually smiling, lifting a grape to her lips.“Say ah.”Blushing, Herra parted her lips, allowed the grape into her mouth. It burst the moment her teeth touched it, and oh was the juice sweet. That was probably one of the best grapes she’d ever had out of Greenhill Valley!“Taste familiar?”Oh. Herra gulped and leaned away. “You got them from Greenhill?” She asked. Her home. Oh gods, what had he done to her home?“Relax, relax.” Tecryd laughed and raised a hand. “I traded for them. Your little home village is still intact.”Herra sighed with relief. Tecryd had no reason to lie to her anymore, not really. Tecryd waved his guards away and gestured to the table.“I imagine you’re starving. Help yourself. I know how halfling appetites are.”He isn’t wrong about that, Herra thought as her stomach growled. Still, she approached each dish with a ladylike manner. The sweetest grapes had a bitter feel in her stomach, and the soft flatbread made her hurt. “… Lord Tecryd, where are my friends?” She asked. She wasn’t going to forsake manners.“Please, just Tecryd. They’re alive.”Oh thank gods. That was a load off of Herra’s mind, you could see it in her face. “Well, why aren’t they here?” She asked.Tecryd shrugged. “Well, I suppose I just wanted to spend time with you. Do you like mead?” He reached forward and poured from one of the wine pitchers, Herra’s eyes going huge.Mead. She had the worst weakness for mead. Ecra always made fun of her for that, whenever they were in a tavern with half decent mead she was practically drinking from the pitcher. And this was possibly mead fit for gods judging by the smell alone. Tecryd hid his grin from her as he handed her the silver goblet. “Help yourself, I’m more fond of sake myself.”Yes! Herra couldn’t stop the smile on her face as she lifted the goblet to her lips, swallowing the mead down quickly. It truly was divine, just the right amount of honey flavor and ooh, was that apple? Herra drained it impressively fast, lowering the goblet with a pleasant sigh. “Rice wine has its place. But nothing beats a good glass of mead.” Whoa, it was going quick to her head, she was already feeling her cheeks flush. This was definitely the good stuff.Tecryd looked genuinely shocked she drained it so fast, for once his smirk gone. “You might be a small woman, but you handle your drink very well,” He said.“Well,” Herra laughed and tossed her head back proudly, “I did win contests back in the day.” Herra could drink orcs under the table, Braizra could testify. He was so impressed with Herra’s skill that he joined the crew right then.Those were good days. But right now wasn’t too bad either. Herra poured her goblet full again and attempted to take it a wee bit slower. “What are you going to do to us, anyway, Lord Tecryd? I’m surprised, I thought I’d be getting pulled on the rack by now!” Tecryd had always commented about her being far too short.“Oh, I don’t know yet.” That sounded a bit too innocent as he reached forward and brushed the hair from Herra’s eyes. “You’re quite a sweet little halfling, aren’t you? I’ve done some horrible things in the past to you, truly horrible.”“Eh,” Herra waved Tecryd off, “You killed my dad, but you could be worse. Do you know...” Whoa, she was getting a little wobbly. She giggled as she leaned against the drow, oh, he smelled quite nice! Like spices, earthy spices. “Did you know, when I went to the elders about what happened… they basically told me that no one was going to stand up to you, so it was worthless to even try? They… they laughed when I told them I would!” She paused and took another sip. This was truly amazing mead. “And then they took the bar.”“The bar?” Tecryd’s brow furrowed before it raised. “You mean your father’s bar?”“Yup!” Herra lifted her goblet in the air and nodded. “That bar had been in the Kublo family for… I dunno. A long time though! But since I was leaving, they said I couldn’t manage it. Made it easier to leave, but… that was my family’s. I grew up there, learned to sing, cook… had my first drink...” Was she crying? Herra sniffled and rubbed her face. “Rotten jerks don’t think bein’ an adventurer is good.”Tecryd shushed her and attempted to smooth her wild curls. “Shhh, little halfling. You’re quite an open book when your tongue’s been loosened, hmm?” He was so close right now. Those dark fingers were running down her face and for some reason Herra didn’t feel the urge to bite them off. They felt good.“Maybe. Not like you ever asked before.” Herra blinked slowly as she leaned against Tecryd. “Lord Tecryd-”“Please, just call me Tecryd.”“… Tecryd.” Herra looked up, his face seemed almost kind right now. “… You might be a rotten jerk, but at least you have an excuse to be a rotten jerk, you know?”Tecryd smirked and leaned in, Herra could make out every detail of his deep red eyes. He was so close… Herra reached up and touched his silver hair, it was just as soft as it looked. Like touching strands of silk.“I dunno why, but I also wanna kiss you.” He really did have nice lips.“Then kiss me.”Tecryd closed the gap, his lips joining with hers. He tasted like Greenhill grapes.The heat that had spread through her body suddenly exploded into an inferno, and Herra moaned quietly against his mouth. Herra was no virgin, she’d fooled around with a few halflings in her day, but kissing a drow was nothing like kissing a halfling. For some reason, she’d expected him to be cold, perhaps his personality influenced that, but he was actually burning to the touch.Tecryd intertwined his fingers with her hair and slowly pushed her down against the cushions. Herra giggled as she pet his strong arms, something about this seemed a little off, but as most halfings would she just went with it. Besides, it felt really good. Herra nibbling his lip teasingly, drawing quite the gasp from the drow.His gracefully long fingers pushed up her skirts and started stroking the cloth above her sex. “My, aren’t you turned on. Is it the mead, I wonder?” Tecryd sounded smug.“Eh, maybe.” She did tend to get a bit randy when it came to her mead. Tecryd chuckled and starting nibbling her neck as he pushed aside her underpants and pressed his fingers against her folds.Herra gasped as his thumb made slow circles around her clit, fire shooting up her spine. Her head tossed back and she groaned, her hips instinctively moving up against his hand. He almost tried pulling back but Herra gave him a light kick in the thigh. No teasing. Teasing was rude.However, Tecryd only seemed to know how to tease. Just as she felt another coil in her stomach ready to burst, he’d pull back, just enough so she couldn’t chase that coil. He was so much bigger than her, using his weight to keep her below him. No complaints, she was just used to more submissive men. And Tecryd was anything but submissive.Two fingers pushed inside of her and Herra whined, pushing against them as they curled up to rub those great places inside of her. Tecryd pulled them out and Herra nearly kicked him again but opened her eyes just in time to see him sucking on his fingers.Oh. Oh my. Herra’s face probably matched her hair. Tecryd shivered as he pulled them free from his mouth. “You taste lovely, little halfling,” he purred before he shuffled down, pushing her her skirts even more and her underpants down. “I need more.”Herra never had a man so eager to go down on her. Sure, they’d do it, with a bit of complaining involved, but if Herra did it for them she expected the favor returned, even though it was usually so clumsy it wasn’t worth the effort. However, Tecryd’s tongue licked into her with such eagerness Herra nearly came undone right there.He was so damn good with his mouth. His hand rested on her thigh, rubbing little circles on the inner side, and he positively moaned as he felt Herra quiver under his ministrations. That coil in her stomach went tighter and tighter until Herra couldn’t take it anymore.“Fuck… T… Tecryd!” She screamed and gripped onto his hair as she came, the coil coming loose in waves and waves of pleasure. Tecryd didn’t stop though, not until her thighs were limp and it was almost sore with over stimulation. He pulled up and grinned, wiping off his mouth.“I never thought I’d consider a halfling a delicious treat after dinner.”Herra snorted and hid her chuckles, sure she was quite a sight. Her dress pushed up to her waist, her face flushed and hair sticking to her forehead. Tecryd sat up and groaned as he undid his belt, pulling down his pants and his robe falling to the floor.She’d never thought she’d see Tecryd naked, either, yet here she was. He was truly a stunning being, finely sculpted muscles and defined hips, he looked like a statue with how perfect he was. There was that odd scar above his right hip, but that more added to the picture than deformed it. His cock however, was going to be a little problem. She had no way of knowing if he was average size for a drow, but he was definitely larger than a halfling by far. The challenge was far too tantalizing to turn down though. Herra liked a challenge.Herra struggled to get out of her dress, it was so difficult to work her hands for some reason, but Tecryd leaned forward and helped, undoing the laces and pulling it over her head. Tecryd looked a little impressed as he looked at her body. “Quite a sight you are, indeed,” He murmured, eyes lingering over her breasts. Herra shrugged and managed to sit up a little.“I dunno. I think I’m a little chubby.” Too many big dinners. “Now… how about I return the favor?” she managed to scramble to her knees and leaned before him, taking his cock into one of her hands. Good gods, she wasn’t wrong, she could wrap both of her hands around the shaft and still have several inches to spare. But as she swiped her tongue over the slit, the drow made the most pleasant sound and she continued on.Licking up and down the shaft gave her an idea of what she was dealing with at least. He still had that spicy, earth like scent, it was absolutely spoiling Herra. She had settled for smelly halflings for this long? She took the head into her mouth, it was quite the stretch for her jaw but she managed to get it inside as she slowly took in his length.It was much harder than she thought it would be. She could barely get her mouth over a quarter of the shaft. Well, practice made perfect, and Herra took both of her hands and massaged where her mouth could not reach.She knew she was still driving Tecryd crazy, his fingers digging into the pillows below them and his face taking a duskier hue as he swore in a language she didn’t understand, but well, judging by how it came out, it was definitely a swear. Undercommon, perhaps? It didn’t sound like elven.“Gods, you truly are a surprising little thing,” Tecryd murmured, his head tilted back before he gently pushed her off. “Now, comes a question I really didn’t expect I’d be asking… do you think we can move this on?”Ah, right. Herra popped her lips before she shuffled back, spreading her legs. “I mean. I haven’t tried with someone this big before. But… if it’s too much, I’ll give ya a kick, all right?” This wasn’t going to be easy, but Herra didn’t want to stop.“Please don’t kick me in the groin.”“No promises.”Tecryd shook his head before he climbed on top of her, pulling her into a searing kiss as his cock pressed against her entrance. Herra took a deep breath before wrapping her legs around Tecryd’s waist, gently pulling him closer and inside of her. Tecryd gasped and his eyes went wide before he pulled Herra even closer, pushing his cock deeper inside.Herra quietly cried out, maybe this was too much, but Tecryd looked like he was in bliss. “Gods… you holding up?” He murmured.“Could be worse.” Could be better, but could be worse. Probably helped he really did a nice job earlier, she was wet enough to keep him pressing in. Good gods, how big was he?!Finally he came to a stop, their bodies fully joined. Tecryd moaned and buried his head into her shoulder. Herra gave her hips a testing movement. Didn’t feel like he was actually causing her serious harm… all right, so she wasn’t going to get killed by a drow dick today. She carefully rolled her hips back and forth, Tecryd’s cock sliding in and out slightly.Finally Tecryd got the message and began to thrust into her, grabbing onto her hips and holding her down while he moved. Herra shouted and gripped tightly onto his shoulder, her fingers digging in. He was so huge compared to her! She could barely take it, and Tecryd showed no sign of letting up.And Herra wasn’t about to tell him to stop.Every movement nearly felt like it would break her, but Herra reached between their bodies with her spare hand to rub her clit, adding a spark of pleasure to the immenseness of everything. She felt so filled, nothing hurt, she was already reaching another climax…“Oh, gods!”Herra cried out as a second orgasm rode over her, her fingers nearly piercing Tecryd’s skin as she came with a scream. Tecryd’s body shuddered once, thrusting into her three more times before nearly collapsing on top of the halfling. Thankfully he managed to catch himself, he was heavier than her and would probably crush her.Slowly, Tecryd pulled out, Herra seeing his seed dripping from her but no blood. How in nine hells there was no blood, she had no idea, but it was a relief to know he didn’t actually hurt her… although if she wasn’t sore tomorrow, she would probably assume this was a dream.A wave of exhaustion washed over her and Herra slowly relaxed into the cushions. Tecryd sighed before he leaned forward and kissed her cheek.“I’ll get you all cleaned up, hmm? Rest, little halfling.”Herra succumbed to the darkness and fell into a pleasant, drunken slumber.~*~That went many different ways than Tecryd expected.For one thing, Herra was far too trusting, expecting the mead not to have been drugged. He hadn’t touched it, after all. However, he didn’t expect the halfling to be so… sexual. The potion he laced the mead with was meant to lower her inhibitions, but he always thought he was this virginal prude, judging by her high necked dress that reached her ankles. A prude with her inhibitions lowered was still a bit prudish.No, instead she was possibly one of the most experienced women outside of drow he’d ever been with, he’d nearly come undone from her hands and mouth alone. And gods, he was glad he didn’t. Her body was almost too tight, he was losing his head just being inside of her. It was truly bliss.He gently wiped off her thighs with a wet cloth, sighing as he looked at her sleeping face. She had such lovely lips, too. He almost wanted to kiss them again.Still, she was probably going to be pissed if she woke up nude. Tecryd snapped his fingers and she was redressed in wear much more fitting for her, a red velvet dress that showed off that generous bosom. It brought out the rich color of her hair.If he was going to kill any of these annoying adventurers, he certainly wasn’t killing Herra. She was too much fun.

Ecra had been prone to nightmares ever since he was a toddler. Always under times of stress his nightmares would return in full force- orcs coming to slice him to bits, goblins cackling as they burned all his friends alive while they screamed… those were more bearable than the nightmares he had in the dungeons of Tecryd.It was dark. Just. Dark. There was not a single source of light and Ecra couldn’t see a thing. He stumbled around, over time realizing there were eyes staring at him. He spun around and reached for his sword, but his stomach would drop when he realized that he didn’t have his sword… so he ran.Sinister laughter would ring through his ears as Ecra plunged through the dark, trying to find any way out, any at all. Then he’d trip over a ledge and topple over, plunging into a pit he could not see the bottom of. He woke up before he hit the ground, two hobgoblin guards opening his cell door and saying that his new god wished to see him.And that was the worst. Because he couldn’t wake up from this nightmare.The temple had been completely desecrated, Ecra’s heart sinking as he did the best not to cry. The altar that had once stood in the back of the room was missing, and judging by the tone of silver of the new throne in its place, it had been melted down to create it.Disgusting. Ecra was no religious man but he knew Alur would weep at the sight.Tecryd was slouched across his chair, smirking as Ecra approached. “The human boy comes at least. Hello, Ecra,” He said.Ecra’s anger boiled up and he couldn’t stop himself from charging with a shout, ready to pummel Tecryd’s face in, only to be frozen in place. He couldn’t move. Oh god. He couldn’t move.“Oh, come now, none of that, little leader.” Tecryd leaned in, cocking his head to the side. “You couldn’t beat me with all your friends when I was a mere sorcerer, how do you think you’ll do it on your own, now that I am a god?”Ecra swore and attempted to free himself from the invisible bindings keeping him to the floor, but only succeeded in nearly falling over. Tecryd laughed and sat back. “Oh, keep trying to get loose. It’s very cute.”“Shut up!” Ecra growled and tried to pull up one of his boots. It was like trying to make it come up through frozen mud. “When I get my hands on you, I’m going to-”“What? Do what?” Tecryd chuckled, shaking his head. “Oh, Ecra. I think we both know that without your friends you are so incredibly helpless. Speaking of which… what do you think of Herra?”Herra! Ecra gulped as the smiling face of the halfling flashed through his mind. “What do you mean? She’s my friend- you keep your disgusting hands away from her!” Oh god, the amount of times he threatened to tear her apart, the very thought of Herra in pain…“Hmmmm. I don’t know. I have quite the plan for her.” Tecryd stroked his chin, smirk growing darker. “She’s so small, you know, I could make her scream.”“You bastard!” Ecra screamed, another lunge and this time Ecra did land on the floor, trapped only a few feet away from the drow. He was so close, and yet he couldn’t do a damn thing. Herra… he didn’t want her to hurt. She’d suffered enough because of Tecryd.“Oh, aren’t you precious.” Tecryd sneered and got up, pacing in front of his ill gotten throne. “Of course, if you think you could stand what I have planned for her...”Ecra didn’t hesitate. “I can! Do whatever you were planning for her to me!” He could take a little torture, right? He always prided himself on being a hero, it always perked him up when someone thanked him for his good deeds. It felt good to be a hero. And although he couldn’t do much in here, he could save Herra from grief.“Are you sure?” Tecryd knelt in front of Ecra, tilting his chin up. “Halflings are small but hardy. You’re just-”“Stop doing that!” Ecra tried lashing out, but his arms were now also stuck to the floor. Oh, how that got him every time. Just a human. He wasn’t as wise as Alur, as quick thinking as Thola. Certainly wasn’t as strong as Braizra or as clever as Sakal. He wished he could be as gentle as Herra, but he was a bit too clumsy for that.“Stop what?” Tecryd lightly tapped Ecra’s nose with his finger. “Reminding you what goes through your head every time you’re in battle with your friends? That in the end, you’re the weak link. The human who makes an admirable attempt to keep up with his friends, but at the end of the day, it’s your fault that your party was defeated.”It was, wasn’t it? Ecra almost wanted to cry. He’d tripped over a stone and cut himself deeply with his sword. Herra had to run back to stop him from bleeding out. His side still ached from where his sword slashed him.“… Just… whatever you’re going to do to the others, do it to me.” Ecra closed his eyes and took a deep breath. “I can take it.” I deserve it.Tecryd chuckled and stood, walking back to his throne and sitting down. “You can try. Get up.” The invisible binds from Ecra’s limbs lifted and Ecra scrambled to his feet.“Come here. Kneel.”Kneel. Ecra’s stomach churned like the time he’d taken a swig from Braizra’s flask. Orc drinks were way too strong for him. But straightening his shoulders Ecra walked forward and knelt in front of Tecryd. He’d never been really this close to the drow before, except in combat. Ecra always charged forward first with his sword at the ready. Didn’t usually work, except for the time he got Tecryd’s face. Oh, that was a good day. Scar was still there too.Still, it was intriguing to see Tecryd this close. He was tall even by drow standards, with long, lean legs and thighs, although appearances were deceiving- Tecryd was incredibly strong.Ecra flinched as Tecryd reached for his head, expecting pain, but only instead got a pat on the head. “Very good,” Tecryd purred, and Ecra felt even more revolted.“What are you doing?” He asked, starting to get suspicious.“Starting your torture. Kiss my boots.”What?! Ecra almost struggled to get back up, but a hard look from Tecryd reminded him of his deal. Ignoring how his stomach burned, Ecra leaned down and placed his lips upon the drow’s right boot, followed by the left. He was going to be sick. The leather boots were clean, sure, but this was humiliating.“You’re so proud, human,” the drow hummed, “it’s hilarious to see you think yourself embarrassed by such a loyal gesture.”“I’m not loyal to you!” Ecra shoved off of Tecryd and turned his body away, trying to ignore how his cheeks burned. “This is stupid. If you really thought I could take what my friends could, you wouldn’t be playing around like this!” He was going easy on him, Ecra knew it. He really didn’t think Ecra could take it, and that was infuriating.Tecryd laughed, making Ecra’s blush grow deeper. “Oh, I was just warming up. Very well. Come back here, human. If you want to move this along faster, I can do that.”Why did Ecra have to open his stupid mouth!? Ecra swore again, this time in elven, which made Tecryd laugh again. Right. Drow usually spoke Elven. Cursing the day he was born, Ecra shuffled right back next to Tecryd’s legs. He was going to kick the drow the second he had a chance.“Have you ever orally pleasured someone, Ecra?”What!? Ecra looked up to see if Tecryd was kidding. He was not, judging by that smirk. His blush was never going to leave. “That’s none of your business!” He yelped, about to crawl back. In truth he had, but only with a girl, and one girl at that. Linette, a girl from his home village. Half elf, had a great laugh. They’d fooled around a few nights, it hadn’t gone past mouths on places below the belt, but Linette said he really had a magic tongue. They’d gone their separate ways when Ecra started adventuring.Tecryd grabbed Ecra by the hair and yanked him forward. “Maybe I should more specific. Have you ever orally pleasured a man before?”“No!” That was true, at least.“Well, that’ll make this more tedious.” With one hand, Tecryd managed to unlace his breeches enough to pull his cock out. “This is what I had in mind for your little halfling friend. She’s probably the shyest little thing, isn’t she?”“You really don’t know our Herra,” Ecra muttered, trying not to stare at Tecryd’s flaccid length. He’d heard Herra make jokes so perverse that Braizra blushed. She was pretty shameless. He cleared his throat and looked back up at Tecryd. “I can’t… I can’t do this.” He said, shaking his head. He couldn’t.“What a shame.” Tecryd kicked Ecra back, making him fall onto his backside. “I’ll call the guards then, have them bring the halfling in instead. I’ve heard how naturally they come to serving. You can watch and get a better idea of what I want for next time.” His dark grin made Ecra gag.No! “Wait!” Ecra crawled back forward, feeling nothing but the heaviest shame. “I just… I just need a second.” He was shaking, wasn’t he? He’d never been so scared in his entire life. Not even when he fought the ogres in the mountains. He didn’t want to do this.But if Herra was brought in, there’d be no doubt the drow would hurt her. Ecra swallowed and looked the drow’s cock over. With a trembling hand, he reached forward and gently rubbed it.Tecryd smirked and leaned back. “You just need a second, hmm? Well, we haven’t got all day, so don’t dawdle.”Right. He was doing this for Herra. Deep breath. Ecra leaned forward, slowly stroking Tecryd’s length. He had a good size on him, much to Ecra’s silent embarrassment. Thank gods this was just oral. The shaft slightly twitched in his hand as it began to harden and Ecra felt even more ill. He was going to vomit after this was all done.“It doesn’t bite, boy. Give it a kiss.”Damn it. Ecra figured a hand job wouldn’t get him out of this. He swallowed again as he leaned forward, trying to wet his lips with his tongue before he pressed them against the head of Tecryd’s cock. It was the most disturbing kiss he’d ever given.The drow’s pleasant hum made Ecra shiver. He’d actually began to pleasure this monster. Don’t puke. He’ll probably slice your throat if you puke. Ecra forced himself to swallow any bile threatening to come up before he pressed kisses down the shaft, reaching his balls and giving them a kiss too. Tecryd wasn’t hairy at least, in fact his skin was entirely smooth other than the hair on his head. It made this process a little easier.“You behave well, given the right incentive.” Tecryd yanked Ecra’s head back, forcing him to look him in the eye. “Suck.”Dammit. Ecra felt a tear sting his eyes as his lips parted, allowing Tecryd to thrust his cock into the poor human’s mouth.It was so much easier to do this on a girl. Ecra gagged and his teeth nearly snapped down, starting to scrape along the shaft. Tecryd pulled back and slapped Ecra across the face.Don’t cry. Don’t cry.“You bite me and I’ll make sure your friends can hear your screaming from their cells.” He leaned in closer. “Or maybe I’ll make you watch as I violate each and every one of them.”Gods no! Ecra whimpered and his resolve crumbled. “I’m sorry! I’m sorry! Don’t hurt them, I… I didn’t mean to...” And now he was crying, like a child. Tears flooded down his cheeks and he couldn’t make them stop.Tecryd seemed puzzled. “You really do care about the others, don’t you? Curious.” He sighed and leaned back. “I’ll give you time to practice later. Strip.”Still crying, Ecra removed his shirt and pants, feeling Tecryd’s eyes zero in on the freshest scar across his belly. The one he got from his own damn sword, because he was so damn useless. He covered his groin the best he could with his hands.“Lower your hands.”Damn it. Ecra swore again as he forced himself to drop his hands by his side. He wasn’t exactly the most impressive, sure he’d gained muscle from his time adventuring, but he was pale, rather skinny, and covered in scars… not to mention he was just barely average when it came to what he was packing below the belt and Tecryd was certainly not.“Cute.” Tecryd smirked before he gestured him forward. “Grab the bottle beside me. Straddle my lap.”Ecra sniffled and shuffled forward, it didn’t help the drow was still mostly dressed. He clumsily climbed on top of Tecryd, nearly tripping over his own clumsy feet. His body pressed against the cool leather that Tecryd wore and he shivered.Tecryd seemed briefly distracted, examining each of Ecra’s scars on his chest. “Where’d you get this one?” He asked, tapping the one below his left pectoral, a deep gouge.Ecra only had to think for a second. “Bandits. One of them got me good with his knife.” That was the longest night according to his mother, trying to patch him up and praying he’d stabilize.“This one?” Tecryd trailed the one over his ribs, long. Ecra snorted.“Ogres.” This was getting uncomfortable.“Well, I don’t need to ask about this one...” He smirked as he eyed the freshest scar and Ecra had to look away. “The one on your thigh? It looks like an arrow got you.”“Yeah. Mercenaries, yours, actually.” It hurt but he gave them hell for it. “Any more questions?”Tecryd shook his head. “I’ll have plenty of time to ask later about all these other scars you got from your little adventures,” He said before he uncapped the bottle. Ecra got a hint of a sweet smell before Tecryd dipped two fingers inside, they came out coated in a clear, oily substance.“We can do this the right way. But you’re going to hold still, and be very good, or I’ll throw you back in your cell with no clothes. Will you behave?”Ecra nodded. He did have an inkling of an idea of how it worked, other groups he had worked with were mostly male and had to find their release somewhere, more often than not with each other. He’d even been propositioned once or twice, but he turned them down. He was more interested in having sex for the first time with someone he actually cared about.So much for that.Tecryd slipped his hand between Ecra’s thighs and it took all his willpower not to squirm away as Tecryd massaged his hole with his lubricated fingers. From what little Ecra understood of this, it was probably best that Tecryd get him prepared with fingers rather than just shoving his cock in there.“Easy, easy...” Tecryd hushed Ecra’s whimpers as his middle finger pressed in. Ecra hid his face in Tecryd’s shoulder as he quietly wept, unprepared for every emotion surging through him. Disgust. Fear. Horror that this was happening to him, someone who did his best to do the right thing. Tecryd’s finger pressed in to the knuckle and Ecra forgot how to breathe.Tecryd’s other hand wrapped around Ecra’s cock and Ecra squeaked. “Hey! Leave that alone-” He cut off sharply as Tecryd slowly rubbed up and down, grinning as he got a very immediate response.“So much adrenaline pumping through your veins. I’m not surprised you react so quickly,” Tecryd laughed as he continued stroking Ecra, swift and with help from the oil in the bottle.Ecra accidentally bit down on Tecryd’s shoulder, unable to really do much more than make an indent in Tecryd’s skin. Tecryd snickered as he started timing his rubs with how he pumped his finger in and out of Ecra’s body.A second finger pushed in and Ecra groaned, already feeling stretched. How the hell was he going to take Tecryd’s entire cock? His hips moved in time with Tecryd’s hand, his cock brought up to full hardness and dripping from the tip.“You need to relax.” Tecryd stopped stroking him and tapped his thigh. “You don’t relax, you’re going to make this very difficult on yourself.”How was he supposed to relax?! Ecra was about to snap this at him when Tecryd’s fingers gave something inside of him quite a prod. The fighter gasped and went stiff as pleasure shook his frame. “What… what the fuck did you…” Tecryd curled his fingers again and Ecra cried out loudly.“Oh, you’re a loud one, aren’t you?” Tecryd nibbled the tip of Ecra’s ear, Ecra whimpering as Tecryd began assaulting that pleasuring point inside of him. “You want to hold back, but you want to scream, you love this. You wanna feel it again, and again… and I’ll give that to you all you like.”A third finger slipped in, much easier than the first two. Ecra whined and did his best not to squirm. Everything felt like so much. He wanted to die. This was humiliating. Why wasn’t Tecryd getting this over with? Why was he bothering with making him feel like this?!When the fingers slipped out, Ecra was only slightly comforted by the fact this would soon be over.“Come on now. You know what you have to do.”Oh, he was seriously going to make him do this?! Ecra whined and shook his head. No way was he going to do this.“Do it.”Again, Ecra got slapped across the face for his disobedience and he caved. He had to. Otherwise his friends… he couldn’t let them get hurt any more.Slowly, Ecra reached behind himself and took hold of Tecryd’s cock, carefully guiding it inside of him. He eased his weight down, trying not to hurry it. Even with the decent prep he wasn’t ready for this. His cock went so much deeper than his fingers, the sensations new and near terrifying. Probably a minute later, Ecra was fully seated, unable to catch his breath.He’s inside of me.

This bastard who ruined so many lives. Ruined my life. He’s inside of me.Tecryd’s body shuddered, his lips slightly parted as he felt Ecra’s body clench around him. “Good boy,” He said, his hands resting on the fighter’s thighs. “You really are quite a sight, you know? Come on now… move.”Right. The worst part was that Ecra was in full control of it. He slowly moved his hips up and down, testing the waters, really. The sensation wasn’t horrible… it was just horrible because it was him.The faster he got this over with, the better, Ecra reasoned, his body rising and falling with increasing speed. His cock rubbed against the cloth of Tecryd’s robes and Ecra shuddered with the feeling. It was surprising how many soft things Tecryd owned.Although right now there was a certain part of him that wasn’t soft at all, Ecra groaned as he tried to set a rhythm but found it difficult to say the least. A few times Tecryd would slip out, making the drow grumble and Ecra hurry to get him back inside. The lack of his own ability was never more obvious at this moment.“You really were ridiculously virgin, weren’t you?” Tecryd finally said, sounding a little impatient.“Shut up!” Ecra glared hotly, feeling frustration starting to boil inside of him. He was horrible at this. And it didn’t help the stress from being unable to truly pleasure Tecryd was effecting his performance. Tecryd slipped out again and Ecra nearly sobbed. This wasn’t fair. He was expecting too much from him.“Turn around.”Ecra was flipped around to face the doors while Tecryd guided his cock back inside. The slight flip of positions made it difficult to not slide off the drow’s lap, but Tecryd forced his hands to grip onto the arms of the throne before he really began to pound into Ecra.“Fuck!” Ecra swore as all he could really do was hang on to the throne and let this happen.Oh gods, and once Tecryd got going, he really got going. Once Ecra was solidly in place Tecryd slammed into him with little mercy, and with no way to hide his voice in Tecryd’s shoulder, Ecra screamed. It was painful, perhaps a little, but it was good, it was so good… pleasure overrode pain and Ecra’s moans echoed in the rooms of the temple.“Aren’t you a pretty little thing? So loud...” Tecryd slowed down just a little, his breath starting to pick up. “You’re fully exposed like this, you know. Imagine if the guards came in right now, seeing you like this… or maybe your friends?”Ecra whimpered and bowed his head. His whole body had flushed a bright pink and he was still embarrassingly hard. Tecryd reached in front and wrapped his hand around Ecra’s length, chuckling darkly as he continued to whisper in his ear. “What would you do? Would you attempt to hide yourself again? Or would you continue to ride me, moaning whorishly and begging for more?”Tecryd squeezed Ecra’s cock and Ecra felt like he was at the edge of that cliff in his nightmare again, ready to topple over at any moment. He couldn’t even form a sentence, only a garbled whine as his back arched.“I thought so. You’re so beautiful when you’re loyal to me.”Loyal. Loyal to a murderer.Tecryd slammed into him one last time and Ecra toppled over the edge, screaming the bastard’s name as his release splattered into his stomach and chest. A few white droplets even landed on his chin. Three times it came, and then Ecra went limp. Tecryd grunted as he got a few final thrusts in, slowly stilling before pulling out.Ecra collapsed on the floor in front of the throne, truly starting to sob. He was done. He was tired. He wanted to go back home, he was done being an adventurer. He hurt physically and emotionally. He wanted his friends. He wanted to go home.“Get dressed and get out.”Ecra whimpered as he stumbled to his feet, shuddering at the feeling of Tecryd’s release dripping out of him and down his thighs.“Wait.”Ecra turned around just in time to feel a stinging pain down the side of his face. He yelped and backed away, nearly falling over. Tecryd grinned, waving a dagger back and forth.“Oh look. Now we match.”Ecra weakly touched his face. Tecryd was accurate to a fault, he had just barely missed Ecra’s eye. The scar left would be identical to the one on Tecryd’s face.He pulled his pants up before he started half limping, half running to the exit. The hobgoblin guards thankfully didn’t comment on his state of dishevelment, only taking him down to his cell and letting him be.~*~Curious.Tecryd now relaxed in his quarters. Despite Ecra being lesser in every category, the fighter held up surprisingly well. No experience in sexual matters with another man, yet he continued to try his very best. Oh, Tecryd was going to have fun teaching him how to fuck.Curious still though, how many scars Ecra had. Seems like Ecra had a habit of throwing himself into fights he never had a chance to win. Probably why he did win as often as he did. Odds didn’t matter to him. Only that there was always a chance.Oh well. He grinned as he gestured to the mirror to Alur’s room. The smug elf was still meditating, but you could see the exhaustion weighing him down.This was going to be so much fun. He better rest- Tecryd wanted to be fully prepared to handle the paladin.

Alur was recalling the day he met Ecra when his cell door opened.“Come on, elf.”Alur stood to his feet and gently pushed back the hobgoblin’s attempt to take him by the arm. “I will not resist. Take me to your master,” He said calmly. So this was his fate, was it? Some sort of punishment from Tecryd.He went forward without fear. He might be without his powers while under Tecryd’s spells and his weapons taken, but he walked silently and without resistance.The elf was taken to the private quarters of Tecryd, where Alur’s lips briefly twitched into a sneer as he saw the defaced statue of his god sitting outside. Disgusting. Tecryd had no respect for anyone but himself at the end of the day, didn’t he?The hobgoblin gestured him forward with a snigger and Alur walked into Tecryd’s quarters, unafraid of what laid ahead of him.Tecryd was sitting in a chair, his normally cocky smirk replaced by a dark glare as Alur didn’t even seem remotely shaken. Alur took a seat opposite of Tecryd and the two stared at each other.“Well, well, well.” Tecryd shook his head. “After all this time, my old friend. It looks like one of us won. I bet you thought it would be you.”“This isn’t you winning.” Alur kept his face carefully straight. “This is you lording your power over foes you’ve defeated. You’ve won against us. Not against good. Not against the better part of people. And do not call me friend.”Tecryd sneered. “Okay, enough with your posh paladin talk.”“Let the others go, Tecryd. They followed me here.” They all chose it, Alur knew not one of his friends felt forced to go in, but they did so because Alur led them. “They’re young. They don’t know any better.”“Don’t… know… any better.”Tecryd laughed, tilting back in his chair as he shook his head. “Oh, they knew plenty better, Alur. I had the impression your fighter was the one in charge, that you just stood back to let a child pull your leash.”Deep breaths, punching him across the face isn’t worth it. Even if it might feel a little good. He had to reserve his strength, pray he could pull through and strike Tecryd where it hurt. “Ecra… feels responsible for us. He does his best. And despite his youth, he’s truly a fantastic leader.” He would’ve made a great captain of the army someday if Alur hadn’t asked him to come along with him.“Cute.” Tecryd’s smile dropped, back to the dark stare. “Do you want to know what I did to him? What I did to your halfling girl?”Alur stiffened. “What did you do?” Especially to the halfling… Herra was the kindest soul Alur had ever the pleasure to meet. And with her plight against the drow, she joined their group without fear for her own safety and became a truly great healer.Tecryd cackled before he leaned forward. “Why don’t I show you?” He rested his finger on Alur’s forehead and he was blasted with the crudest visions.Herra’s dress was bunched around her waist, her head thrown back in ecstasy and Tecryd’s mouth between her thighs. Another switch of images and he saw Ecra weeping as he was forced to take in Tecryd’s cock. He was hurting. She wasn’t in her right mind.Alur jerked away, ending the visions as he took a swing at Tecryd. “How dare you!” He roared, getting up and attempting to summon his aura. “You are not even worthy to kiss their feet, you devil of a drow! How dare you violate them like this?!”Tecryd smoothly dodged out of the way and Alur felt a shock of pain up his arm. He groaned as he dropped to his knees, feeling like his arm had gone dead. The damn curse still held on strong. How much longer could it be kept up?“Violate? Oh, that’s such a crude way to put it.” Tecryd chuckled and sauntered on up to Alur, leaning down to look him in the face. “And I did it because I knew it would piss. You. Off.”Bastard. Alur swore in elven and attempted to scramble to his feet, only to get punched across the face. “You seem to think they’re the most innocent, after all. The half orc, well, he’s half orc, the traitor drow is close enough to our age, and your sylph is quite long lived. The human and the halfling, though? Why, compared to us, they are literally children! And you still thought it was all right to bring them on a campaign to stop me?”Alur laid still on the floor, his heart aching. It was true, they were young. Too young, really. But so full of passion to do the right thing, he just couldn’t say no when they offered to come along. And up until now, he hadn’t regretted that decision once.“You’re pathetic, Alur. You always think you’re right!” Tecryd laughed bitterly, walking around Alur’s crumpled body. “That’s honestly why I hate you the most. You thought by putting together a band of misfits and those hurt by my campaign for godhood that you stood a chance, and you were wrong. So very wrong, Alur.”“We’re not the only ones who believe in good.” Alur groaned as he levered himself up, flipping his braid out of his face. “There will be more. And one of them will stop you-”Alur got kicked in the ribs before he finished that sentence, effectively knocking the air out of his lungs. Tecryd knelt down, his eyes full of anger even as he smiled.“Maybe. But it won’t be you, now will it?” He grabbed ahold of Alur’s braid and yanked him to his feet, his smile growing even darker. “Say, Alur, have you kept your vow of celibacy all these years?”Oh god no.Alur was thrown onto Tecryd’s bed, his head slamming into the bed post and stars flashing in front of his eyes before his jaw was forcefully opened and something slimy and wet started dripping down his throat.“You have no idea how long I searched for something that will effect you in the way I desire. Paladin, elf, you’ve not got a lot of weaknesses.” Tecryd forced his mouth shut and pinched Alur’s nose, forcing him to swallow. “But I know a few hags, long lived ones at that. They knew exactly how to deal with you.”Alur was released and he gasped for breath, the bedroom around him beginning to spin. Oh god, his head ached, his body ached. Everything began to ache. He dimly felt Tecryd rip his clothing off, his robes now useless scraps of cloth on the ground. He felt cold. Unbearably cold.“So many years, you’ve been there. Blocking my every move. Looking at me like you truly believed that I was less than you. A drow is the worse of an elf, right?” Tecryd laughed bitterly and Alur heard something drop to the floor. Tecryd’s cloak, likely. Maybe his tunic as well. “And then you had the nerve to assemble a force to fight me.”Everything was a blur now. All Alur could see was the blurry shape of Tecryd moving about, rambling insanely. Even his voice began to sound blurry.“You always believed you were the greater side. That your way was the right way, because you believed it to be good, and of course that meant you were right.” Alur was slapped across the face. “Stay awake! Don’t you be nodding off now.”Alur forced himself to blink in an attempt to clear his muddy vision, and soon he managed to focus on Tecryd. The drow leaned in, their faces unbearably close. “I remember the day you vowed to become a paladin. The vow you made, how you’d keep your body pure to serve your pathetic god.” Tecryd sneered and shook his head. “I’m here to take that ‘purity’ of yours and bleed it dead.”“You...” Alur had to concentrate on each word, his tongue felt heavy and numb. “You won’t take it away… Your rape of me will not render my vow to my god null.”“Oh, I know.” Tecryd pressed his lips against Alur’s, Alur could feel his smirk. “That’s why I’m going to make sure you enjoy it. Just like Herra and Ecra did.”Alur passed out, only to wake up not long later to his arms bound to the bed posts. He pulled frantically at the ropes to no avail, they bit into his skin harshly. Damn it! Alur felt like he was moving so slowly as he turned his head to look for Tecryd.The drow was sitting at the foot of the bed, his smile downright maniacal now. “Wondered if you’d stay awake for this. You’ll have to. I think you want to be awake when you’re deflowered,” He said as he crawled forward.Alur swallowed nervously, his throat bobbing. The chastity vow was an unnecessary part of his commitment, but it did make life easier. Never searching for a life companion, never having to care for a family. When you’re an adventuring paladin, things like that can get in the way. Chastity made that a nonexistent problem.Tecryd bit down harshly on Alur’s throat, pulling a shout from the elf. He felt the warmth of blood pooling in the wound. The room seemed to come to a slant around him, Tecryd’s nude body pressed uncomfortably against his.My god, give me strength.Tecryd’s bites littered Alur’s body from neck to thigh, teeth marks turning purple and some dripping blood. Alur focused on the ropes on his wrists, pulling them tightly whenever Tecryd would start mouthing at the elf’s ruined skin. The scars he paid careful attention to, especially the ones that he’d given Alur over the years they’d fought. He drew his tongue across them nice and slow, causing Alur to shiver and attempt to move away but he would grab on and nip up them, bringing blood to the surface of the skin. Those scars were special. It was a sign of the many times they’d fought… and this time Tecryd had won.Alur nearly lost his head as Tecryd’s fingers brushed his limp cock. “Get your hand off of me,” He said with a snarl, kicking out best he could. It would’ve been easier to kick through water, it never even connected with Tecryd.“Why? You don’t like it, do you?” Tecryd mocked as his soft touches graced up the shaft, his thumb making circles on the slit. “You can’t like this. I’m a drow, you can’t like anything a drow does to you!”“Fuck!” Alur attempted to kick again, ignoring how his belly suddenly flip flopped and his length began to rise. Breathing exercises. He had to remember his breathing exercises. He hadn’t even pleasured himself in years, he’d gained so much self control.Self control that was rapidly coming undone with Tecryd’s graceful fingers. Tears formed at the corners of Alur’s eyes as he shook his head rapidly no, no, this couldn’t be happening to him! He prayed fervently under his breath for strength to break the curse that had been put on him, so he could smite the evil that was currently molesting him and could he stop touching him there?“You’re so sensitive!” Tecryd snickered as he drew a finger down Alur’s sack between his legs, squeezing his ass before his fingers began to explore between. Alur tried to hold back the whimpers as Tecryd began pressing his fingers around the rim of his hole, coming deadly close to penetration. “I bet you’d lose your head if I slipped a finger in there, right now? Finish all over yourself, you’d be a mess.”“Get off me!” Alur kicked out again frantically, his chest heaving. He could hold back. He could make it. It was the drug that was doing this, right? It had to be.Tecryd released his hold on Alur to grab a bottle of oil from the side table, pouring it generously on his fingers before wrapping them around Alur’s cock again. “Remember, Alur, you can’t enjoy this. I’m raping you, remember? You’re not breaking your vow if not you’re enjoying it,” Tecryd hissed before his fingers glided over his cock. Alur felt his body tighten. No no no- NO!A finger did slip into Alur’s hole just as he climaxed, his gasp of shock as pleasure flooded through his body, pleasure he hadn’t really felt since he was youthful. His vision went black for a moment before he finally came back to full consciousness.Oh god, what had he done?Tecryd cackled as he drew a finger across Alur’s chest, swiping up some cum and bringing it to his lips. “Oh, look there. Looks like you enjoyed it,” Tecryd said casually, sucking off his finger and making the most pleasant hum.“N… no, that wasn’t… that wasn’t under my control!” Alur frantically shook his head no, his heart still echoing in his ears from the shock he’d just experienced. He’d climaxed at the hands of his enemy, someone he’d been hunting for years! The power had gone to his head. He never had the nerve to go this far before.“Reeaaally?” Tecryd leaned in, grinning smugly. “Did you even really try to resist? Once you realized how good it felt?”“I did!” Alur’s pleas felt hollow. Did he try enough?“Mmm. Adorable, your denial. I bet you couldn’t even smite me now even if you wanted to. Breaking your vow and all.” Tecryd positioned himself between Alur’s thighs and pushed his legs up, enough that Alur quietly cried out in pain. “Let’s see how else I can make you break your vow, elf.”Tecryd’s tongue swiped up Alur’s chest, cleaning off the evidence of his shame. Alur bit down on his tongue as he tried to veer away from the drow but Tecryd was having none of that, Alur swore his bonds grew even tighter.Once clean Tecryd reoiled his fingers and plunged two back into Alur’s entrance. Alur hissed and attempted to back away, but was immediately dragged back. He was still sensitive, but Tecryd wasn’t going to wait. His fingers brutally stretched his entrance, Alur barely given a chance to breathe before a third was added.“Well, I think we’ve proved you did manage to hold out for so long on your vow,” Tecryd chuckled darkly as his fingers probed deeper inside of Alur. “But your body hungers, oh does it hunger. You spent so long depriving it of its wants, it’s settling for a drow. How embarrassing this is for you!”Settling. Settling for a drow. Alur groaned as he felt the world start to spin, he was going to faint again. He got slapped across the face, dragging him back to an unhappy conscious state. Tecryd glared down darkly. “Stay. Awake,” he hissed before he pulled his fingers out and flipped Alur to all fours.The ropes seemed to adjust, allowing Alur to remain on his stomach, as Tecryd positioned himself and slowly began to press inside of Alur. Alur quietly cried out but remained still, allowing Tecryd to enter him and slide his cock entirely inside. Tecryd moaned quietly, his hips twitching as Alur stayed perfectly still. If he didn’t resist, he’d get away with less injuries.“You know, you’re actually tighter than the halfling.”Or not. Alur swore as he attempted to lash out at Tecryd, which only ended with the ropes pulling tighter until he was practically only on his knees, his arms raised in the air. Tecryd snickered as his cock slowly pulled back.“I hope you remember this moment for the rest of your damned life.”Alur gasped as Tecryd grabbed ahold of his neck and squeezed down as he began to fuck him, harsh and fast. Alur couldn’t get a good breath with Tecryd choking him like this. His vision would almost go black before Tecryd would let go, letting Alur choke and sputter for breath, and then the cycle would begin again.His head was pounding. It hurt from the lack of oxygen, it hurt from where he slammed it earlier, and it hurt from all that was going on right now. He could barely process everything, it only came to him a second later when Tecryd would release his neck or when he’d scratch Alur’s thigh trying to get him to hold still.His eyes managed to slowly focus on the area above the headboard, where he saw his eyes reflected back in the mirror there.In Tecryd’s words, ‘what a sight’. His body was littered in love bites and there was some of his cum drying on his chest, some that Tecryd had missed. His cock was hard again, much to Alur’s disgust, and the look in his eyes… he looked dead.He saw Tecryd’s hand wrap around his cock and start rubbing him off again, he realized seconds later Tecryd was whispering to him in elven, calling him a pretty little pet and how he really was enjoying this, how good he felt…Alur’s body went limp when he hit climax again, the pleasurable burn as a few drops of cum dripped down from his slit and Alur moaned quietly. Tecryd pulled out just in time to finish all over Alur’s back, the expression on his face seering itself in Alur’s mind.The ropes snapped and Alur dropped to the mattress, everything spinning together in a blurry mess. He couldn’t move even if he wanted to. Was this the pain his friends had already gone through? A pain that perhaps would happen soon to Braizra, Thola and Sakal?He had to set something straight.“… Your drow heritage… doesn’t… disgust me.” His mouth felt dry, tired.Tecryd’s head snapped back, his mouth pulled into a puzzled frown. “What?” He asked.It took all of Alur’s remaining strength to force himself to sit. “Drow do not disgust me. I do not see drow as a lesser elf.” His arms shook once before he collapsed again, he felt so weak, so tired… had his god abandoned him? Had the holy light of his god left him because of his broken vow?Despair. This is what he was feeling. Complete despair. He’d been broken. No doubt Tecryd was proud. His eyes flickered shut and he ceased to be conscious any longer.~*~Huh. Curious, again.Tecryd had known Alur for decades. The paladin had been a closed book, but that look in his eyes… he hadn’t been lying when he said he was disgusted by drow.It didn’t matter. Now wasn’t the time to stop his plan to make each of the adventurers pay.Tecryd did clean off Alur, letting his fingers caress the finely sculpted features of the elf’s face before he opened the door.“Get him out of here. Bring in Thola.”

Thola knew what was going to happen the moment she entered the room.She was known for her silence, her unreadable face, but few people knew how perceptive she truly was.She’d passed a few of her friend’s cells on the way here. The paladin elf was inconsolable, a glow gone from his face. He’d experienced a trauma that could not be put into words accurately. Not to even mention the human’s distress, like he didn’t even know what to do with himself.Tecryd was a sadist, plain and simple. She knew that the first time they met, how he enjoyed dismembering the goblin who’d failed to bring him something he required for a spell to summon the god. Thola had tried to kill him. A man like that is dangerous.But she just wasn’t quiet enough.Thola walked into the room, picked up a faint smell of sex, and calmly sat on the bed. Right. Of course. Not a very creative sadist, was he?Tecryd returned from his bath, wearing a towel around his slim waist, blinking a few times to see Thola on his bed. “Well, aren’t you clever,” He deadpanned, pulling off the towel.Thola hardly blinked at his nudity. This hadn’t been the first time, after all. “I don’t think I’m clever. You are just that predictable, Tecryd,” She said in a nonchalant tone, placing her hands behind her head. “Who have you taken so far?”Tecryd smirked as he crossed over to the bed, probably trying to get a reaction from the female drow with his boldness. It did nothing to her. “The halfling and the human two days ago. The elf today. I didn’t know the halfling was so...”“Promiscuous?” Thola finished the sentence. “She’s proud of her sexuality, she would fit in quite well among females of our kind. And I suppose if I threaten to cut off your penis and make you eat it, it won’t change what you have planned?”“Absolutely not.” Tecryd’s right ear twitched, his common tell that he was annoyed. Thola rolled her eyes before she sat up.“I’m not surprised. The only time you’ll ever got to dominate a female drow is right now, so I suppose it really gets you going.” Thola removed her belt and threw it at his face. “So get it over with, I doubt it’ll take more than five, maybe ten minutes?”Tecryd scowled as he threw the belt on the floor. “You think you’re hilarious, don’t you?” He growled.“Oh… well, yes, I do.” Thola smirked, unmoving from her position on the bed. “What I find more hilarious is that you think you’ll impress me after you fucked the elf. I don’t care for sloppy seconds.”It wasn’t surprising Tecryd moved in to choke her, his hand fastening a tight seal around her throat, but Thola still clawed at his wrist, her teeth bared in a fearsome gesture. He finally let go long enough for Thola to lean up and kiss him, her teeth sinking into his lip.It was more foreplay than actual fighting. Tecryd ripped her shirt open and bit her breast, Thola yelping in shock rather than actual pain before she clocked him in the side. Tecryd hissed before he bit down harder, leaving a teeth imprint when he pulled away.Her pants she slid off and threw upon the floor, joining her shredded shirt. He attempted to keep her pinned down, his strength was superior to hers but she was also a lot more flexible. She wrapped her thighs around his middle and forced them to turn over, where she was sitting on his middle. She grinned and mockingly grinded her bare sex onto his chest.“Well, look at that. In the end, I’m still on top.”Tecryd growled before he flipped them back over, pinning her arms behind her. “Why are you always like this?” He snapped before he pushed their lips together again, running his hands through her ruby red hair.Because you’re a little bitch, Thola thought sourly, biting his tongue the moment it attempting to plunge into her mouth. He howled in pain as he backed off, some of his bluish blood dripping onto his lips.Thola grinned darkly.“Because. You love it.”It was a dangerous game Thola was playing, pretending to be play fighting, but it would cement her as a possible ally in Tecryd’s mind. He was always a little less in the eyes of most drow, probably why he came to the surface to deal with his major ego problem.So if she played his game, she could find a gate to her freedom… and possibly her friends’.Thola slid down, sucking on one of her fingers as she faced Tecryd's erect length. She glanced up with a smirk before her mouth wrapped around his cock and quickly swallowed it down.Tecryd groaned, grabbing onto her hair and forcing himself down her throat. Thola struggled not to gag, or the more pleasing suggest of biting down, but she had other ideas. Her fingers slipped behind Tecryd’s ass, acting like she wanted something to hold onto, before she buried her saliva soaked finger into his hole.The male drow barked in shock and tried to buck away, but Thola sucked pleasantly on the head. If she didn’t have her mouth full, she would be smirking. Tecryd hissed and soon settled, letting her finger dive in and out of him while she sucked him off.She might be pinned down, she figured, but that didn’t meant she couldn’t have a little fun with it.Her finger curled up and Tecryd groaned, his fingers digging tightly into her hair as he continued to fuck her mouth. Her jaw was going to be sore after this, but it was better than the alternative. Without access to her magic, she had no way to prevent pregnancy. And Tecryd was absolutely shit at remembering to pull out when he was bedding a woman.“Thola...” Tecryd groaned, his thrusts starting to become erratic. Thola hummed quietly around his cock and made sure to massage the spot inside of him that made him go crazy… and it worked in her favor.With a soft gasp, Tecryd came, semen shooting down Thola’s throat and across her tongue. She rubbed his prostate one last time for her trouble before pulling off, looking quite smug as she shoved him off.“Told you. Sloppy. Seconds.”Leaving Tecryd, sputtering angry on the bed, Thola redressed the best she could and walked out the door. Her shirt was ruined, but she managed to tie together the sleeves.Her game was dangerous. It wouldn’t work in time for her friends to not suffer.But it was the best she knew to do in this situation.~*~Oh, how that woman pissed him off.Tecryd dressed in his night clothing, still fuming. He should’ve known better than to summon her tonight, after the success that Alur was. Perfectly broken. Faith lost. But Thola was different. She wasn’t afraid of him. And she was likely already working on an escape plan.Well, he always liked playing with Thola. So let’s see how well she could escape with a team of broken souls.

“I’m not going in there! It’s been days and he’s still going at it!”“It doesn’t matter. We gotta get him clean.”“He will kill us!”“Hey, you want to go tell Lord Tecryd that you are too scared to go in there and clean up a restrained half orc, be my guest!”“Fine! Fine!”The door opened and Braizra growled, pulling off the broken chains on his wrist and putting up his fists. He didn’t need a weapon to fuck up these assholes. It was only the damn door in the way of his escape, and well, one of these hobgoblins probably had a key.One of the hobgoblins threw the bucket of hot, sudsy water into his eyes. Braizra shouted in shock and pain, gods did that sting! He shielded his eyes as another bucket of water rushed over him, and a scrub brush began rubbing against his chest.That was enough! Braizra grabbed the brush and pulled it from the hobgoblin’s hand, she yelped and tried to grab for it- her mistake. Braizra impaled the handle through her eye, her companion yelped and dodging behind the door, slamming it shut.Damn. Didn’t get out in time. Oh well. Braizra dropped the corpse and sat back on the bench, staring at the bucket of water they’d left behind.“If you wanted me to scrub up before I break your bitch of a ‘master’,” He used finger quotes, “In half, just fucking ask!”With that, Braizra grabbed the cloth and began cleaning himself up.It’d been a long few days, but he was holding up. Little tired from constantly trying to break the door and the lack of nutrients in the slime they gave him, but he was holding up. He missed his friends though. Especially Ecra and Herra. Oh man, he’d kill for a plate of Herra’s cooking right now. Warm steak, carrots, maybe some potatoes or whatever other roots she could find. That would be delicious.His stomach made a pitiful sound and he cut off that line of thinking. Right. Probably more sludge for dinner. Thinking it’ll weaken him. Hah! It would take a lot more than poor diet to take down a warrior. He cleaned up the best he could, sighing with relief. Half orc, maybe, but half human too and half humans wanted to be clean sometimes.Well, back to charging the door. Braizra kicked the hobgoblin corpse under his sleeping bench before he prepped for another charge. The latches had to be weakened by now. A few more times, maybe even this time ought to do it.He almost collided with the door when it opened. With a shout, Braizra ran on through, colliding with the stone wall and hitting the ground.Ow.A familiar dark face came into view and Braizra growled.“Tecryd.”Tecryd chuckled and knelt by Braizra’s fallen body. “Hello again, half orc. It’s been a while. How you feeling? Tired?” He asked.Braizra responded by swinging for Tecryd’s face. Tecryd neatly dodged out the way with a sigh. “Clearly not tired enough. Good gods, did you even sleep?!” He looked briefly impressed.“Maybe once in a while.” Braizra cracked his knuckles, feeling rage slowly seep through his body. Tecryd might have the power of a god now, but even on the drow’s best day he couldn’t be stronger than Braizra. “You know, seeing your face makes me feel a little better, Tecryd.”“And why is that?”“Because I have really, really wanted to punch it.”With a shout, Braizra charged, aiming his fist for that face. Keeping a half orc trapped for days on a meager diet of gruel, what did he expect to happen once he let him out?Tecryd was barely staying ahead, dodging swings with a hairsbreadth of space. A couple times Braizra actually had grabbed a strand of his ridiculously long hair, it barely slipping out of his grasp. Oh man, was this fun. Grinning, Braizra chased Tecryd through his own castle while the drow attempted to calm him down.“Now, Braizra! This doesn’t have to be like this-”“Where the fuck are my friends, Tecryd?” Braizra even began whistling a little tune as he chased Tecryd.“Be reasonable, Braizra!” Tecryd spun around and began running backwards. “We can sit and talk it out!”“Hmmmm...” Braizra even seemed to pause to consider it. “Nah. I think it’ll feel better to hit you.”Tecryd yelped as he ducked another swing before he bolted into a room and shut the door behind him. Really. Locking yourself in a room. With probably nonmagical latches. Braizra shook his head and cracked his knuckles. So much for being a god. With a solid punch, the door went down and Braizra strode in, expecting to find a cowering drow. “Come on out, you son of a bitch! I need to break your back again!”Braizra realized a moment too late that he didn’t see Tecryd.Magic binds shot out from the walls, and with a shout Braizra was lifted into the air, both arms and legs restrained.“Damn it! Enough with your bullshit, Tecryd! Let me go!”A dark chuckle and Tecryd reappeared, crossing his arms and with that stupid smile on his face that made Braizra want to punch him. Granted, Braizra always wanted to punch him. But that just made it worse.“Too stupid to be a human, too weak to be an orc. Now that’s our Braizra.” Tecryd twirled his finger and Braizra found himself hanging upside down, completely helpless.“You bastard!”Braizra struggled against the magical bonds, only for them to creep further on his arms and keep him still. Tecryd walked up, cocking his head to the side. “Are you going to talk to me like that when I hold your life in my hands?”“Fuck you!”“Ah ah ah, be nice...”A black bond of magic tied itself over Braizra’s head, forming a quite effective muzzle as it slipped into his mouth. The half orc screamed and swore, trying to break free but finding it to be actually useless. Damn it. Damn. It.Tecryd waited for Braizra to slowly calm before he said, “Are you finished?”That only started it up again, Braizra swearing violently in Orc and telling him exactly what he’d do to him and his corpse once he got loose. Tecryd remained quiet until Braizra paused to attempt to take a breath, it was hard to breathe with the gag in place.“You know, I really only caught about every third word, but I am truly impressed by how dark your imagination is.”This almost started him up again but Tecryd kicked him harshly over the head. “That’s enough! You’re a brute, I get it. I let you ramble on this long, don’t take that as a kindness.”Kindness? Hah! Braizra snorted, looking away and still continuing to grumble.“Oh, quit being an infant. You really are a bit of a problem, aren’t you? Not enough discipline, always running off and doing your own thing. If you’d had just an inkling, an inkling of common sense, you would’ve known better than to just barge through the door and expect nothing bad to happen. Didn’t you even think of the fact I was leading you into a trap?”Oh. Braizra felt his heart sink. That was a dumb choice. He’d been so close though! Was that all an illusion? Tecryd sneered as he gave Braizra’s head another kick. “Of course you didn’t. Your skull’s so thick, you don’t even know what I have planned for you. The proud half orc, son of a chieftain, warrior almost as good as your average orc… almost. I think you need to be knocked down a peg, don’t you agree?”Braizra tried to say something that along the lines of ‘have fun trying’, but the gag muffled it to sound like nonsense. Tecryd sighed before he snapped his fingers. Braizra yelled as he was dragged over to the bed, spreadeagled on the mattress.What the fuck!? Braizra shouted in alarm as his struggles renewed, unable to budge even as much as an inch as Tecryd strolled over, tutting his tongue. “Put it together yet, whelp?” Braizra magicked a whip made of the same substance as Braizra’s bindings. “Beautiful, isn’t it?” Tecryd stroked one of the many tails, looking delighted with his new toy. “I’ve spent the last several days playing with my new abilities. Learning what I can craft… I think we’ll start with this.”Braizra was thrown up against the wall and strapped in place, forcing him to stare into a mirror. His tusks nearly cracked the glass, he barely managed to avoid hitting his face in time. He could see Tecryd behind him, stroking the whip slowly.A drop of sweat trickled down Braizra’s neck. He had to be joking. He had to be fucking with him.With a rip of his shirt, Braizra’s skin was now exposed, Tecryd purring at the sight. “You might be a bit odd looking, but your strength!” He rested one of his hands slowly upon Braizra’s back, like he would a horse that would spook. And Braizra did spook, screaming threats through his gag as he attempted to buck Tecryd’s hand off of him. This didn’t seem to deter Tecryd, he slowly slipped his hand down, down just below the small of his back. “If you ignore the tusks, I think it’s easy to say you’re quite a prize.”“I like my tusks!” Braizra attempted to say through the gag. Tecryd chuckled and lightly patted his ass.“I know, I know. Now let’s see if we can tame you a little.”If he really thinks beating me me will make me behave… Braizra's thought was sharply cut off as the whip smacked into his back.And Braizra bled.He could feel it trickling down the wound, and then he felt the pain. He bit down on the gag and attempted to pull himself up and away from the whip, only for the pain to ripple through his back and into his arms. His arms briefly shook before he collapsed, nearly pulling them from their sockets.Holy shit. He made him bleed.“Worked just I hoped it would,” Tecryd said with a chuckle, pulling back the whip. “Now, for all the grief you’ve caused me… I think thirty strikes will be enough. And since I’m feeling generous, that first one counts as one of the thirty.” The gag dissipated from Braizra's mouth and the half orc cracked his jaw. “Now, please count them, Braizra.”“Go fuck yourself.”The whip bit into his flesh again and Braizra didn’t have the gag to bite down on this time. He shouted as the pain ripped through him again. Fucking… what was this thing made of?!“Braizra. Start counting.”“Fuck. You!”Braizra was hit again and he nearly bit off his own tongue to stop from screaming. This hurt. This hurt far more than he thought was possible.“Count the strikes. You’re on two now. You can count, right?”Fuck. Braizra took a harsh breath before he turned his head around.“Your head’s gonna roll when I get my hands on you.”The end of the whip ended up biting into his cheek and Braizra howled in pain, jerking his head to face forward again. Bad idea. Bad idea.“Two, Braizra. Two!”The whip was raised again and Braizra spat it out before he could help himself.“Fine! Two! Fucking two!”Braizra could see Tecryd's grin in the mirror. Dammit. He’d caved. He’d fucking caved like a coward.“Very good, Braizra. I hope you can count a little higher than that though.”Strike!Braizra swallowed the blood in his mouth, he’d bit his tongue. This was shit. This was complete horse shit.“T… three.”

“Five.”Braizra forced himself to focus on the numbers, watching them turn into macabre red shapes in his brain. He could focus on those. He couldn’t focus on the pain. Focusing on the pain made it burn hotter. He didn’t want it burning any hotter.“T… twenty… nine.”“Almost there.”“Thirty! Fuck! Fucking stop already!”Braizra's voice cracked. He couldn’t help it. It hurt. It hurt so bad. His back was positively shredded, and he couldn’t imagine lying on the bench in his cell to rest any time soon. Hell, he didn’t want to be on his back any time soon.Of course that’s when the binds flipped him about and slammed him onto his back. Braizra screamed and jolted as pain shot through his body, his blood soaking the sheets below him. His vision nearly went black, but he forced himself back to alertness. Now was not the time to lose his senses. Not when he was alone. Tied up. With Tecryd.On second though, maybe he should just go unconscious through what was happening next.“Well, I’m impressed.” Tecryd crawled next to the half orc, tiptoeing those slender fingers up his broad chest. “I expected you to beg for mercy half way through.”“I do not. Beg for mercy,” Braizra said through clenched teeth. Be strong. Remember your friends. Remember Ecra, he’s a tiny human and he charges forward, no matter what the cost. Oh gods. Ecra. “Where the fuck are my friends?” He didn’t want to hear the answer.“Do you really want to know?” Tecryd grinned darkly and Braizra’s stomach wobbled.“… You didn’t.”“Oh, I did.” Tecryd examined his fingernails as he spoke. “Ecra was quite a sweet thing. Willing to do whatever it took for me not to claim Herra. Course, I’d already had her a few hours before, but he didn’t know that.”“You son of a drow whore!” Braizra attempted to launch himself at Tecryd, only for the binds to drag him back down and pull stronger. Braizra’s eyes prickled a bit as his stretched arms shot daggers of pain down his back. “F… fuck…”“Like I said. No discipline.” Tecryd leaned down and kissed where his whip had slashed Braizra's cheek. “None at all.”Damn him. Damn Tecryd and every drow to hell. Except for Thola, but every other one could go to hell. The bindings on his legs slowly raised, forcing him to spread them as much as possible. The pain on his back was excruciating.Don’t black out. He’ll make it worse if you black out.Tecryd undid Braizra's breeches, whistling when he revealed when Braizra was packing. “And you never cease to not amaze, half orc. My, I’m sure you kept the ladies busy with this,” He said with a wink as he wrapped his hand around it. He looked genuinely surprised that his fingers could touch.Once upon a time, maybe. When he was a kid, messing around for fun. Orc woman loved he was more gentle than the brutish male of their species and human women, well, they liked he wasn’t afraid to get a little rough. But that was before he had a purpose. Before he realized he could do more with his life than conquer and raid.Now he was reduced to a drow’s plaything and Braizra was cursing the day he met that paladin that told him he had a reason to this life.Braizra’s pants were pulled down to his ankles and Tecryd grabbed ahold of his ass. “And there’s a lot to grab. Maybe I spoke too soon. Maybe you are more beautiful than what meets the eye.”“And you’re still ugly as dried shit, drow.”The bonds on Braizra's arms tightened and Braizra breathed in sharply. The pain was bad. But he could live through pain.He might not live through this shame though.Tecryd had undone his pants as well, pulling out his length and covering it with a strange oil. Lubrication. Well, this was happening. Braizra muttered something he was going to do with Tecryd's head the moment he was decapitated and Tecryd made quite the face. Braizra laughed loudly before he attempted to clench his legs together, the binds pulling them back apart. “Drow, if I don’t kill you, my clan will.”“Like your father was any different with your mother.”Line. Crossed. Braizra roared and this time, he felt the bedposts crack as he lunged from Tecryd, the bed now sagging to one side, but the bonds held. Those binds tightened and forced Braizra to his back again, his chest heaving as he attempted to struggle free. “Goddammit! Take these off and fight me, drow! What, are you afraid you can’t beat me in a fair fight?”“Oh, sweet little whelp,” Tecryd crawled forward and positioned himself between Braizra's thighs, “I know I can’t beat you in a fair fight. That’s why I made it. Not. Fair.”With that said, he pushed his cock into the half orc and Braizra howled.He’d been on both sides of this equation. Penetrating someone and being penetrated. There were some really kinky orc woman he’d met who had some interestingly shaped glass toys. Braizra saw no harm in it, after all, some men were determined to stick it in a woman’s ass, why shouldn’t he try it?This was worse though. There’d been not prep, lube only helped so much. Braizra was in so much pain, there was no way he could relax. And Tecryd clearly didn’t care, as he only gave a few testing thrusts before he began to fuck Braizra harshly.Fuck, fuck, fuck! Braizra snarled and struggled, the circulation to his hands nearly cut off before he finally sat back and took it. He tried to focus on the ceiling, the bindings on his wrists. The sheets below him, starting to go sticky with his blood. Anything but the drow above him, resting his hands on Braizra's chest as he thrust into him, grunting and sweating and just making Braizra want to kill him.Not that there wasn’t pleasure to pain though. Soon the pain in his back started to melt away, Braizra’s swears sounding a little more desperate than angered. Was this what it felt like, to feel nothing and everything at once? Everything faded away. The bloody bedspread. The ceiling. The mirror behind them. It was just him and Tecryd, the blasted maniac of a drow.Tecryd’s grunts were soft and his hair had come undone from its ponytail, Braizra desperately wanted to pull it so hard he snapped the bastard’s neck. For two years he’d been chasing him. Only getting this close the time he broke Tecryd's back.Tecryd’s thrusts grew erratic, the drow desperately chasing his release, and Braizra decided to speed the progress along. He squeezed down on Tecryd’s cock, the drow freezing before a quiet cry slipped from his lips and he came, he came in a rush and thank the gods it was over.Tecryd pulled out and suddenly the world came back. The bed rank of blood, Braizra had probably ruined the mattress. Good. Braizra ignored his erection, only yanking his chains and saying, “You got off, drow, now let me go!”Tecryd caught his breath, his silvery hair sticking to his forehead as he eyed Braizra's cock. “You helped me, I’ll help you,” he said before he moved forward, using both of his hands to stroke Braizra.Fuck. Him. Braizra gritted his teeth and resisted the urge to whine, only imagining biting open Tecryd's throat and leaving him to bleed to death. That was more arousing than Tecryd’s hand job, at least he told himself it was.Tecryd hummed quietly as his hands worked away, grinning as Braizra's cock leaped to the attention and started beading precum. “Bit leaky, aren’t we?” He wiped a bit off and stuck his finger in his mouth, only to make a face as he pulled it out. “Not… nearly as bearable as I hoped.”“Go fuck yourself.”“I already fucked you.”Good point. Braizra huffed and closed his eyes, trying to will his erection down.That worked as well as to be expected, drow had slender, skilled hands. One of those hands gently rubbed at his balls, Braizra’s toes curling as he growled quietly. Tecryd moved quickly, Braizra's orgasm barreling closer and closer until…“Fuck you!”Braizra climaxed sharply, his whole body going stiff until the final shot of cum finished covering his shirt. He went lax and panted, his back complaining at him for that. Tecryd laughed as he wiped off his hand on the bedspread. “Fuck you, really? Is that the best you can do?”“Bite me- don’t even fucking think about it, I swear to the gods, I’m going to tear your head off and feed it to goblins. After they use it as a sex toy.”“And there’s the dark imagination again.” Tecryd sighed as he focused cleaning himself up, completely ignoring the half orc until something clearly popped into his mind. “Braizra, how old are you?”“What, you’d feel more guilty about raping a kid than an adult?” Braizra was tired, he was hurting. He’d let the trauma of what happened hit him later. “Eighteen. I’m eighteen.”Tecryd seemed genuinely shocked. “You’re younger than Ecra?” He asked.“Uh…” Braizra's eyes flicked to the side as he thought. “Guess so. Ecra’s what, twenty one? Maybe twenty two.” His eyelids lowered, he couldn’t stay awake. Not anymore. His body was drained. He needed to heal. “Now either leave me alone or put me in my cell. I don’t care which.”He honestly didn’t expect to hear the door close and for him to be left alone.Well. Nice bed, at least.~*~Eighteen.Tecryd sat outside the door, thinking to himself.Only eighteen? That would’ve made him around sixteen when he joined with the last of the party. By orc standards, a man, but just barely. Not to mention he was half human.He could see the human side when he looked into his eyes. A lot of awful threats, pretty graphic ones, but they were all talk. Just… like a hot headed teenager who runs into danger every chance possible because he has no experience otherwise.Tecryd groaned and dragged a hand down his face before he teleported back into the bedroom.A small spell ensured the half orc would stay asleep, although it was a pain to flip him over to his chest. Braizra snored like a wild beast, certainly his orc side Tecryd thought before he carefully peeled the rest of Braizra's shirt off. The wounds had been deep. Not enough to kill. But enough to be serious pain.Soft spell work helped seal up the worst of them, ease the pain of the rest. A wet cloth carefully dabbed down his back successfully cleaned him up, and after he flipped him back over he disposed of his shirt and pulled his pants back up.Perhaps this close he could see it. The absence of facial hair development, just a bit of patchy stubble. The lack of wrinkles by the eyes.This was not the time to develop a conscious, Tecryd chided himself. This ‘teenager’ had broken his back and left him unable to move on his own for months.Still… might as well let him keep the mattress. It was already stained in orc blood, there was no way Tecryd could ever use it again anyway.

So. It would finally be his turn.Sakal twiddled his thumbs, laying on his bench as he heard the door open and the sound of Tecryd's voice.“I summoned you.”He sounded pissed.“I turned down your summons.”Sakal didn’t give a shit.“You can’t just...” Tecryd sputter briefly before he entered the cell, slamming the door behind him. “You do realize you’re a prisoner, correct?”Sakal nodded.“And that means you can’t turn down a summons!”“I just did. And hey, you came down here, how convenient for the both of us.” Sakal grinned as Tecryd glowered. Sakal hated being summoned or told where to go, it tended to make him do the opposite of what people wanted.Tecryd marched up to Sakal, grabbing the thin sylph by the shirt. “Are you aware how easily I could kill you?” He snarled.“You’re not gonna though.” Sakal briefly grinned. “Not until you get to break me.”Tecryd lowered Sakal slowly. “Meaning?” He asked.“Sylphs love to hear gossip. Your hobgoblins love to gossip.” Sakal tapped his ear and smirked. “I heard all of it. Herra, Ecra, Alur, Thola, Braizra. You took each one, on your throne or in your bed, whatever you felt like. I did the math and that’s five out of six of us you violated. So...” He pointed to himself. “Math adds up you’re doing me next.”The fact that he took the surprise out of seemed to take the wind out of Tecryd’s sails. He released the sylph and Sakal dashed to the opposite corner. What, just because he knew it was going to happen didn’t mean he didn’t want as much distance between the drow and himself before he did. “I’m not afraid of you. I know how it goes. You’ll scare the crap out of me, drag me back to your room, plow me until I beg for mercy, and then it’ll be over. I sure as hell won’t like it but damn if you’re not predictable.”Tecryd was clearly grumpy, his crimson eyes narrowed in anger. Sakal shrugged before he sat down on his bench. “Whatever. Do your worst with your ‘toothpick’.” His pale eyes glinted mockingly. It wasn’t exactly a toothpick, but damn if Sakal wanted to destroy Tecryd's sense of esteem.However, he didn’t expect Tecryd to laugh.The drow shook his head, his lips split into a grin. “So, you really are the smartest one, aren’t you?” He asked.“Eh, that might pushing it.” Sakal just had great common sense. “Listen. Just get it over with and I promise I’ll act scared.”“Act. Scared.” Tecryd glared before his smirk returned. “On second thought, I think I’m not in the mood. I’ll be back when I am.”“Hey! Don’t even think-”Tecryd was gone. Sakal ran forward, waving his arms back and forth to make sure the drow just wasn’t invisible as his heart dropped into his stomach.Fuck. He really shouldn’t have put all his cards on the table at once.Sakal was alone for approximately a day. His guard was on high, he had to be ready so that Tecryd wouldn’t shock him. He needed control over the situation.But even Sakal needed to nap.His eyes flickered open and closed, he was so tired… maybe just a few minutes… ten, twenty. Hell, an hour, and he’d be recharged and ready to deal with Tecryd when he came back.He didn’t know how long he was out until he woke up with a start.There was only darkness in front of his eyes.“Fuck!”Sakal stumbled to his feet, throwing his arms about as he tried to figure out where he was. This wasn’t the cell. Too much space. Or was there… Sakal tripped over something hard and landed on his face.Blind. He was blind.That bastard took his sight.Screaming in anger and pounding his fist against the ground, Sakal got back up and continued to fumble about, trying to feel something, anything… his hand brushed up against someone’s chest and Sakal gulped.“A… Alur?”“Guess again.”Fuck.Sakal backed away only to end up tripping over something and landing on his ass. Several ropes shot out from nowhere and wrapped around his ankles and wrists. Trapped. Well, wasn’t this a fine mess his stupid mouth got himself into him.Tecryd chuckled darkly as he approached, Sakal could hear his boots echoing on the floor. Just where the hell was he?“So, did I do a good job of scaring you?”Sakal swallowed the lump in his throat. “C… close enough,” He managed to force out. Damn, Ecra was always the brave one. He never shied away from something that fucked with his head. Sakal was the opposite.When something scared him, he ran.“Well, if what you said was true, then what comes next is… the plowing, I think you called it?” Tecryd’s fingers curled around Sakal’s throat and squeezed. “And I can’t wait for the part that comes after- the begging for mercy.”Sakal whined as he was pinned face down to the ground, his unseeing eyes blinking rapidly in a fruitless attempt to clear his vision. He’d lost control over the situation, gods, he’d lost control over the situation and he hated it.His pants were pulled down and Tecryd slowly ran his hand over Sakal’s skin… before giving his ass one hell of a slap.“Fuck!” Sakal’s cock jerked and he bit down on his lip. Great. His body had the worst time trying to decide when the slaps were good or bad.“Oh my.”Tecryd drew back his hand again and slapped, even harder. Sakal bit down so hard on his lip he drew blood. And he did it again. And again. Sakal’s arousal grew deeper with each slap and it took all of his willpower not to scream at him to knock it off.Unfortunately, his willpower ran out soon enough.“Stop! For the love of gods, stop!” His voice quivered, nonono, he wasn’t supposed to be like this, it wasn’t supposed to be like this…Tecryd paused before he rubbed the rapidly reddening hand print on Sakal’s ass. Sakal shook and whimpered, trying to adjust his body to hide his erection. Of course it didn’t work, but Tecryd noticed his squirming and snickered.“What a little masochist. I thought you said the begging for mercy came after the ‘plowing’… but if we do a few things out of order, I suppose it’s not the worst thing that could happen.” Tecryd paused as he uncapped something and Sakal felt something cold drip onto his hole. “Keep up the begging though, it’s really delightful to see you come unhinged so fast.”“Stop it!” Sakal tried to crawl away but found himself stuck to the floor. Damn drow! Sakal whined as his entranced was briefly rubbed before two fingers pushed inside.“Huh. Not much resistance. Do this often, pet?”“I’m. Not your pet,” Sakal seethed, his blind eyes attempting to glare at the place he last heard Tecryd's voice. He wasn’t a slave. A toy to be broken and thrown away. He was far better than that, and he seethed when he heard Tecryd laugh.“You are now.”His fingers pulled back and Sakal forced himself to remain relaxed as Tecryd’s cock forced its way inside of him. It wasn’t bad, Sakal was used to this side of the equation when it came to sex, but gods did it make him feel nauseated.Tecryd purred as he tangled his hand in Sakal’s short ponytail. A quick snap and the tie came loose, strands of pale hair falling by Sakal’s face. “So open for me. So used… to being used.” Tecryd’s hips snapped roughly against Sakal’s and Sakal just gritted his teeth.He had been used to being used… until he met that damn paladin and his band of misfits. Then maybe he got some notion of self respect. That was quickly going down the drain as Sakal’s grunts became more aroused and less pained.I can’t let him do this to me, I can’t-“You’re really nothing like your friends,” Tecryd’s thrusts slowed to the point where it was a near stop, just a slow in and out that frazzled out any coherent thought in Sakal’s brain, “Herra, she was so tight and not afraid to like it. Ecra was just so inexperienced, it was almost endearing. Thola thinks she can beat me still, but she won’t get any help from Alur. He’s broken. Braizra isn’t yet, but I can’t wait to see him beg for it… and then there’s you. You act so tough,” A sharp pull of Sakal’s hair forced a whimper from him, “But when it comes down to it, all you want to do is lay about and take it up the arse. You were a much better whore than you ever were an oracle.”Sakal cried out as Tecryd’s hand gripped onto his cock, hard and dripping. He was already so close… “At least you’ll enjoy being a whore again,” Tecryd growled before biting harshly into Sakal’s shoulder.“Fuck! Tecryd! Fuck!”Sakal climaxed with a single stroke of Tecryd’s fingers, his cum splattering up to his chin. He swore he could taste it on his lips. Tecryd just yanked Sakal back by the hair before the sylph could drop to the ground, continuing to pound into him until he growled, slamming in one last time and Sakal felt a blossoming warmth inside of him.“Do they know?”Sakal whimpered as Tecryd’s fingers gripped onto the bite mark left behind.“Do your friends know that before you joined their little crusade, I was one of your many ‘customers’? That you went to your knees and let me come on your face, and you begged for it?”Sakal heard a gasp that was not from him or Tecryd.

“Tecryd, give me back my eyesight or I swear-”Sakal was blind for several seconds when light flooded his eyes. He blinked rapidly until everything became clear, and then he wished it didn’t.They were in the throne room, surrounded by several mirrors. Mirrors that had the faces of his friends. Tecryd laughed darkly as Sakal’s face went bright pink. “Oh, yes, Sakal. They saw everything. And I suppose they know now.”“You son of a bitch!” Sakal shook his head, looking from face to face of his friends.Herra was the one who gasped, her hands had flown up to cover her mouth but it had been too late. Braizra had once again been tied down and although he’d clearly suffered Tecryd’s wrath, he was straining again his binds and roaring several likely obscene things in the Orc tongue. Ecra’s face was one of shock, his jaw dropped as his head slightly shook in disbelief. Thola’s expression was carefully masked, although Sakal could feel her disappointment from those silver eyes. Alur… Alur just stared blankly, like he wasn’t even there. The lights were on, no one was home.“Maybe now that you can see them, we should go again? Show them exactly what you can do with your traitorous lips-”Sakal screamed, the ropes around his ankles and wrists bursting as a wind storm kicked up in the throne room. The mirrors cracked one by one, the pictures inside distorting in disturbing ways. Tecryd backed away nervously, barely managing to duck the mirror with Alur’s image. “All right, just go back to your damn cell then-”“SHUT! UP!”Sakal slammed his fists together and it was like a thunder clap. The mirrors all shattered into tiny slivers, several imbedding into both Sakal’s and Tecryd’s bodies. Tecryd himself was thrown across the room, slamming into a pillar with a loud crack.Gasping for breath, dots swarming in front of his eyes, Sakal dropped to the ground. He’d never pushed himself like that… especially with his magic being repressed by whatever spells Tecryd put on him… oh he wasn’t feeling so well, he was finding it difficult to breathe.“You. Little. Shit.”Tecryd stumbled to his feet, grimacing in pain as he gripped his arm, but not because of being slammed into a wall. Typically perfect ebony skin over his upper arm and shoulder had exploded in boils and sores. “How did you do that? I repressed your magic!” He snapped. “And how did you do this!? You have wind magic! Not necrotic magic!”Sakal laughed weakly, crawling over to the throne, the one thing that had been undamaged in Sakal’s release of his powers. With a grunt, he managed to pull himself up to sit on it. What a king he looked like now, sporting a bite mark on his shoulder and his legs spread to show the oil and cum leaking between his thighs.“You see, sweetie… I’m a little cursed… now if you don’t mind… I’m gonna… take a little nap…”Darkness was a comfort.~*~Tecryd probably spent a full minute just scratching until the itching and burning eased up. That little shit. Tecryd wanted to rip his smug face off.Yet, as he looked up at the now unconscious Sakal, he was almost impressed. Somehow, despite the curse and being pushed down in the dirt, Sakal had fought back and… well, if Tecryd wasn’t a god, he’d not be standing right now. And then after all that, Sakal chose to use the last of his energy to stick it to Tecryd by sitting on his throne.After managing to heal himself to the point of standing, Tecryd slipping his arms under Sakal’s limp body, carrying him out.Now what should he do?The rational decision would be to execute them all. Each of them have their heads cut off, before any plots could surface or any recovery could be made. They’d all been brutalized, seen their friends broken. Now was the time to finish them off.But perhaps execution was a waste. Tecryd carried Sakal to quarters he’d had made originally for his sisters when they came to visit. There was more than enough rooms for all his new pets. It was much comfier than their cells as well, a little bit of comfort as they got used to their new lives.Maybe one day he’d get bored, finish them all off. But right now was just not the time.

Collars.Ecra swallowed nervously as he touched the velvet inside of the box that the hobgoblins delivered. One of them screamed like a teenage girl and took off running when Braizra came out of a bedroom, cracking his fists and ready to deliver a beat down.The collar inside Ecra’s box was a soft brown leather with a gold little charm at the throat. It would almost be considered cute, if the meaning behind it wasn’t so twisted.“He’s sick. He’s sick in the fucking head.”Braizra tossed his black leather collar across the room, it nearly bonking poor Herra on the head. Braizra winced. “Sorry…”“It’s okay, it wasn’t on purpose and you missed anyway,” Herra swallowed as she lifted out her collar, red silk with a diamond hanging from the throat, “Why isn’t he killing us?”Thola sighed as she pinked out her collar, silk like Herra’s but a pale pink and a pearl at the throat instead. “Seriously? He knows I hate pink, it clashes with my hair. And he’s clearly not done playing with us yet.” Thola took another deep breath before fastening the collar around her neck. “Herra, help me fasten this, please.”“What, you’re seriously playing along?” Braizra shook his head. “I thought you were different. Then again, I thought Sakal was better than to whore around with the enemy.”“Oh, suck a cock, Braizra!” Sakal snapped, shooting up from where he was lying down before exploding into another coughing fit. That little demonstration of power from earlier weakened him enough that he had another cold. “It’s not like you’ll have a choice, next time Tecryd decides he’s in the mood for half orc!”Braizra roared and prepped for a charge. “I’m going to break you!”“Stop. Please.”The voice was so quiet, Ecra could barely hear it. Braizra’s fists dropped as he turned to face the source of the plea.Alur had come out of his bedroom. He wasn’t good, his skin was pale and he had to lean against the door frame to support himself. He took a shuddering breath before he looked at Sakal. “I knew. That you and Tecryd had a past. But I knew it was just that- the past. You didn’t do what you did to betray anyone, because… back then, you didn’t have anyone,” He said.Sakal stared at the floor, not responding. Alur turned his gaze to Braizra next. “Cooperating is not cowardly. In fact, some might consider it quite brave. Some people fight by charging right at their enemies, not afraid to face them head on. Then we have a rogue, who has more of a skillset for a little trickery. I’m not telling you to cooperate. I’m telling you that we’ll all have our different way to fight back.”Braizra swallowed before nodding and turning to Sakal. “… I’m sorry,” He murmured.Sakal popped two thumbs up. “You’re good. Believe me, when I realized that I’d known Tecryd from my past, I was pretty pissed at myself. I might’ve gotten really drunk and came onto Herra. There’s no proof though, so…”Herra laughed quietly before eyeing her own collar. With a look of determination, she picked it up and slipped it around her neck. “We’re not done for,” She tossed her hair behind her shoulder, “We’re not beat. We can do this.”With a hum, Sakal grabbed his own collar, another silk affair that was a pale blue with a silver padlock at the throat. “He thinks he’s broken us, I say we play along. To an extent. One day he’s gonna be too relaxed. I used my magic once-”“And it nearly killed you,” Braizra interjected,“And I nearly killed him. If he wasn’t full up on his god juice, I would have killed him,” Sakal stuck his tongue out at Braizra, “Whatever he’s got repressing your guys’ magic, it doesn’t work on me. Besides, I look good in blue.”That Braizra agreed with as he silently nodded. With a growl and more Orcish cursing, he picked up his collar. “Can someone help me get this on?” He said as he strapped it around his neck. Sakal managed to get up to his feet and help.This was unreal. Ecra stared at his own collar. “I… I don’t know if I can wear this,” He said quietly.“Don’t worry.”Alur was there and Ecra looked up, suddenly reminded of a time that felt so long ago, when Ecra was just a simple soldier admiring the paladin with golden hair. Alur coughed before sitting. “If you wouldn’t mind though, help me with mine?”Alur’s collar was white, white with a gold symbol of his god stamped into the leather. Beautiful, if not cruel. Ecra nodded before helping him fasten it. “Hey, Alur? Are you going to be okay?” He asked quietly. Ecra was still sore, but hell, he wasn’t the one who had taken the vow of chastity.When Alur looked at him, Ecra suddenly felt this wave of calm.“I am okay. My god may have fallen, but I have not lost my faith in good.”

It’s not every day a new god is born.It can be met with many interesting reactions. Armies marched on the ex-temple of Vyraos. Some searched for vengeance for a lost god,(A banished elf with a mutilated ear stared him in the eye before transforming into a coyote and lunged for his throat.“God killers don’t deserve worship.”)Some came in search of missing friends,(a half orc with the same face as Braizra but an unfathomably deep calmness in his eyes compared to his other half’s unbridled rage.“I’m here for my brother. Bring him to me or I will shatter every one of your ribs.”

(a half elf with eyes dark as midnight and an arrow that narrowly missed hi

“He gave you that scar didn’t he? I feel symmetry is a necessary part of life, so I’ll cut the other eye.”)but some came to worship.(The scarlet tiefling bowed before him, eyes gold as honey but a smile like

“My lord, I’ve been searching for a new god to pledge allegiance to. I am Yan Bloodroof. Let me prove my loyalty to you.”)And Tecryd had no idea how empowering that worship would feel. It was a new high that was better than the most delectable of sake, an ambrosia more empowering than putting any rebel under his boot. Anyone who came to oppose him was met with the full force of a god with an army and a demonic cleric. They didn’t last long.And well, those that were particularly interesting joined his little party in the rooms below to be broken and used however Tecryd saw fit.~*~“Master? I’d like to speak with you.”Tecryd sat up on his throne, grabbing onto Ecra’s hair to prevent the human from scrambling away. “Keep servicing me or next time I bring you in here, I’ll have Linette watch,” He growled before he cleared his throat. “Come in.”Yan walked in, Tecryd not missing that look of amusement that flashed through their eyes when they saw Ecra kneeling before the god, mouthing hungrily at his cock. “My lord, if I had known you were in the middle of something…”“It’s nothing important,” Tecryd sighed pleasantly as Ecra’s soft lips wrapped around the tip, “What is it you wish to speak to me about?”“It’s not nearly as entertaining as a rebellion.” Yan knelt on the floor, keeping their head respectfully bowed as their ebony hair fell past their face. “But there is reports of people in this land who do not worship you. I’d like your blessing to go and handle such foolish souls who do not realize that the worship of Tecryd Savani is the only god one would ever need.”Tecryd hummed softly, his breath softly catching when he felt Ecra choke. Poor thing could still barely handle Tecryd’s size. “And how would you handle them, Yan?”Yan breathed in sharply. “Master, I would do whatever it takes to have them brought to heel. And if they refuse, it depends if they are ugly or pretty. If they are ugly, they will be cut to pieces. If they are pretty… I will bring them to you to realize the honor and joy of your presence.”What a delightful little monster Yan was. Tecryd pulled Ecra’s hair tightly and forced himself deep into his throat to spill his seed. After he finished he kicked Ecra away, the human instinctively curling up to avoid the worse of the blow, he nodded. “You have my blessing, Yan. Take Ecra back to the rooms below.”“As you wish…” Yan might’ve seemed slight of frame but they lifted Ecra off the floor with relative ease, “If I take a little detour back to my own quarters with this little pet first though…”Tecryd chuckled as he tucked himself back into his pants.“Go ahead, my loyal cleric.”~*~It was about six days later when Yan returned with a face that Tecryd never thought he’d see again.The drow was laying in bed, debating on whether or not to summon Herra to entertain him when he heard a familiar pattern of knocks on the door. “Yan, come in,” He said, sitting up. He’d strangely missed the company of the bizarre tiefling. Perhaps he’d just take company in them tonight.Yan poked their head into the room. “Master, I’ve found a pretty nonbeliever, a druid who seeks to help anyone that opposes you. Shall I bring her in now or let her remain blind for a while longer?” They said.Oh well then. Tecryd got to his feet and pulled on his cloak, making sure he looked orderly before he nodded. “Bring her to me,” He said.The tiefling giggled before they kicked open the door the rest of the way and dragged the blindfolded drow in.For a brief moment Tecryd wasn’t sure how he recognized her, although she was certainly beautiful. Hair white as ivory that reached past quite shapely hips, skin was as dark as volcanic glass, and such a small build compared to his own.Then Yan ripped off the blindfold to reveal robin egg blue eyes and Tecryd was shot back what felt like a hundred years- and it may have been. A memory of a priestess, a loyal worshiper of Eilistraee…“Sarasdra Or’Lyani.”The drow woman blinked a few times to clear her likely overwhelmed vision before her eyes widened. “… Tecryd…” She whispered softly.Yan looked between the two of them. “You know this woman, master?” They asked, their lips curling into an unpleasant snarl.“Another lifetime ago. Yan, jealousy does not suit you. You may take your leave now, feel free to take out your envy on whoever you please in the little party downstairs.”Yan bowed, although you could feel them seething. “As… you wish, master,” They responded through clenched teeth before slipping out of the room. Oh, Tecryd would pity whoever Yan got their claws in, although it would be quite a beautiful sight to see. Tecryd would have to summon whoever Yan took to his side soon to see the scars left behind.Tecryd walked up to the druid, unable to look away from those hypnotizing blue eyes. “You know, I’d never seen a drow with blue eyes before you. How has life treated you?”Sarasdra pursed her lips before raising her head high. “As well as my goddess wishes it to. When I heard the name Tecryd, I hadn’t assumed it was you… you got taller.”“I was quite young when we met. And I suppose ascending has treated me well,” He spread out his arms, “Now, what is this I hear about you refusing to bow the knee to your new god?”“You are not my god,” Sarasdra’s words were cold and biting, “And I will never worship someone who doesn’t understand what it truly means to be one.”Tecryd’s hand flew before he even realized it, slapping Sarasdra across the face. “I am a god. I will live forever now. Funny though, I heard that the particular group of worshipers you ran with got slaughtered. How is it you survived, I wondered?”Sarasdra tensed.“Oh wait,” Tecryd chuckled, “I think you turned on them.”“No!” Sarasdra shook her head. “I would never-”“I think you did. Because you’re alive. And they’re all dead.” It was a vicious slaughter, Tecryd remembered hearing his mother say that the only way that the particularly rebellious drow male would’ve found them is if someone told him their location. “They spared you for a reason, didn’t they?”Sarasdra swallowed but didn’t say anything. Tecryd ran his fingers over her cheek, the skin warm right where his blow had landed. “What a cowardly little drow… but you’ll make a lovely addition to my harem down below.”Sarasdra gaped. “Wait- you don’t mean-”“Oh, I do. I like pretty things. And I love breaking them.”Tecryd grabbed onto that white hair and forcefully pushed their lips together, Sarasdra going stiff as a board before she began to fight.Her fingers desperately clawed at his chest as she tried to squirm free from his grip, only succeeding in tearing out a few strands of hair before she finally managed to pull back. “Get off of me!” She yelped, her eyes landing on the door and her only passage to freedom.She didn’t get far. Tecryd grabbed her around the waist and yanked her back to him. “I don’t think you’re going anywhere. And before you try using whatever magics you’ve mastered over these many decades,” His tongue ran over the tip of her ear, the druid shivering at the sensation, “I have this entire temple warded to prevent such misbehavior. You’ll understand when you meet a little sylph downstairs. I’d love to see you two play together, he’s almost prettier than you.”“Let. Go. Of me.”Sarasdra was shaking like a leaf in a windstorm in Tecryd’s arms, gasping when his fingers slowly caressed up and down her slim torso. Tecryd chuckled and just forced her back against his body. He knew she could feel his arousal press up against her back.“You know what, I don’t think I will.”Tecryd gripped onto the front of her dress and tore it open. Sarasdra yelped and reached up to hide her breasts. Tecryd quickly spun her around and pushed her arms to her side to get a look. His sinister chuckle made Sarasdra’s cheeks grow darker. “You don’t have to do this,” She managed to get out.The drow god leaned down until their noses were touching. “But I want to, Sarasdra,” He murmured. When he brushed their lips together again, Sarasdra responded with teeth, sinking them into his bottom lip and not letting go.Tecryd shouted in pain before he finally managed to rip himself free, his hand reaching up to touch his bleeding lip. “… You bitch,” He snarled before both of his hands wrapped around her neck.Sarasdra only could force out a squeak as Tecryd squeezed, cutting off all air flow. He grinned a bloodstained smile as her struggling slowly weakened, her eyes going glassy as a tear trickled down her cheek…He finally released her and she dropped to the ground as she desperately gasped for breath. Tecryd wiped off his lip, the torn skin already mostly healed. “You done fighting me yet?” He asked.The druid looked up, face filled with horror. Tecryd chuckled as he yanked her back up by the hair. “I thought so. Now come here or next time I choke you, I won’t stop until you’re unconscious. And that won’t stop me from initiating you into the harem,” He ordered as he dragged her onto the bed.She might have fought a little more, but after that threat most of it had been taken out of her. Her back landed on the mattress and Tecryd crawled on top of her, now taking the time to examine this beautiful woman below him.“Just like a whore that would sell out her friends to save her own skin to immediately start behaving when I threaten to screw her while she’s dead to the world.” Tecryd starting nipping at her collarbone, his hands grasping onto her soft breasts and giving them a squeeze. Not nearly as generous as Herra’s, but still quite pleasant to the touch. “Do you really think I’d miss the chance to see your face when you realize how much you enjoy getting fucked by me?”Sarasdra muffled a sob behind her hands as Tecryd scraped his teeth along one of her nipples. He nibbled down past her stomach and to her hips, where he tore off her undergarments. She began to whimper as his fingers traced over her cunt. “Don’t worry, I’ll take my time preparing you,” He murmured before running his tongue over one of her hip bones.The druid began to quietly weep as Tecryd’s fingers slowly stroked her clit, applying just enough pressure to make her shake for reasons other than fear. Tecryd sucked a bruise into her inner thigh as he rubbed deeper into her folds. “Did they torture you like this as well? Refuse to let you come until you revealed the location of the other worshipers of Eilistraee? Considering how wet you are already for me, who you can hardly stand, I’ll bet they did.”“Nngh…” Sarasdra bit down on her bottom lip before she managed to work out her response. “N… no, I… stop, please, I don’t like this…”Tecryd laughed as he pressed his middle finger deep inside of her as it would go. “You might not say you do, but I think your body disagrees,” He chuckled as he withdrew it, licking it off nice and slow while maintaining eye contact with her. He dipped his finger back inside of her before thrusting it towards her lips. “Have a taste.”Sarasdra grimaced but she did let his finger in, her tongue quickly swiping over the pad of his finger before she jerked her head back. Tecryd chuckled at her disgusted expression before he pushed two fingers inside of her.His thumb rubbed her clit as he curled his fingers up, watching the conflicted emotions on Sarasra’s face go from pleasured to horrified and back again within seconds. She squirmed under his touch, even trying to pull back, but he easily pinned her down with his free hand on her neck. One gentle squeeze and she immediately stilled.When his fingers finally pulled out of her, she sighed with relief, until she realized that the only reason that Tecryd did so was so he could begin to undress. His cloak and breeches dropped on the ground, leaving him totally nude. Sarasdra glanced up and down his lean form, eyes lingering on his erection for a moment too long before she squeezed her eyes shut.“Take me in, Sarasdra. I imagine I’m much better looking than your previous tormentors?” Tecryd pinched one of her nipples and twisted until she cried out. “After I’m done with you, you will find it an honor to worship me.”Tecryd easily pinned her hands above her head as he lined his cock up to her entrance, rubbing the head against her wet folds and quietly groaning. Sarasdra shook her head and he heard her quietly repeated ‘no’s’ before he pushed in.Sarasdra’s eyes popped open as she made a quiet cry, her thighs trembling as Tecryd shoved more of his length inside of her. “S-stop! It hurts!”“Shhh,” Tecryd kissed her lips so gently yet so mockingly as he finally bottomed out inside of her, “You’re doing just fine. You’re clenching onto me so tightly…” Without another word he grabbed onto her thighs and lifted her up, Sarasdra’s arms quickly flying around his back to hold on as he slammed her against the wall behind the head board. “I have to admit, it’s rather fun being able to throw you around so easily. You’re definitely worth keeping around.”With that, his hips pulled back before thrusting right in. Sarasdra yelped and Tecryd felt her fingernails dig into his shoulder blades. He snickered before he set a grueling pace, fucking her into the wall as the bedframe beneath them squeaked with each of their thrusts.It might have been tough going on the small druid at first, but her body slowly welcomed Tecryd’s intrusion, her whimpers turning into hesitant moans that would catch on her throat like a sob. Tecryd kissed down her neck, letting his teeth scrape past the gorgeous bruises forming in her dark skin. The soft tingles of pain still caused her to flinch, but her body learned what to enjoy.Tecryd didn’t expect her climax, and he supposed neither did she. Her eyes suddenly went wide as she tried to make it stop, but the moment her lips parted to say no all that came out was a high pitched gasp, followed by her body clenching down tightly on his cock as he plowed on through her orgasm. She went limp at the end of it, Tecryd’s pace slowing as he struggled not to finish already.“Well then, I suppose you enjoyed that more than you thought you would,” Tecryd chuckled.Tears sprouted at the corner of her eyes as she shook her head no, but Tecryd pulled out to drop her down on the mattress. Climbing back on top of her, he slid his cock right back inside her heat and that moan that slipped from her couldn’t be construed as anything other than erotic. “Don’t you shake your head at me. You like being a god’s whore.” He nipped her ear again. “Don’t worry- your god forgives you for your sins of blasphemy and disbelief. If you want forgiveness for all the blood on your hands though, you’re going to have to work for it.”He managed to flip them over and Sarasdra collapsed on his torso, her face going red as she realized what he meant. She seemed to consider taking this moment to run off and Tecryd prepared to grab her, but her body sunk down on his cock and both drow moaned together.Her body rose and fell nice and slow, still oversensitive from her previous climax. Her hands rested hesitantly on his chest to keep herself balanced, every time she took him entirely in she would shudder oh so amazingly. Tecryd let his hands rest on her hips, occasionally stroking her thighs to encourage her to keep moving. A more lovely sight one couldn’t imagine, watching the druid ride him… but he did want to finish soon.“Not that I’m not enjoying making love, but I think you can do better than that,” He said after a few minutes of this. Sarasdra swallowed nervously before she nodded and sped up the pace, bouncing up and down on his cock at an increasing rate. She didn’t even try to hide her moans anymore, how her hips grinded down on his to rub all the best spots inside of her. He’d occasionally surprise her by thrusting up, nearly threw her off the first time but that was partially his fault- she was just so small. He could throw her around almost easier than he could Herra.“Since you’re working so hard for your penance,” Tecryd slipped his fingers between her sweat covered thighs, her body going so tight as he rubbed her clit once more, “I’ll give you a little treat- don’t take this as a sign to stop. Keep going, pet.”If anything, the little ‘treat’ just encouraged her to move faster. She was chasing her own end once more, what a selfish creature, driven by her base instinct. Tecryd groaned and threw his head back against the pillows as their pace sped up, free hand digging his fingers into her ass.“C…” Sarasdra gasped, “I’m c-”Her body tensed and her back bent like a bow as she once again came, and with a final slam inside of her Tecryd came with a groan.Sarasdra realized too late that he was still buried to the hilt inside of her, she tried to clamber off but Tecryd quickly pinned her to the mattress. “No, no, you’re taking all of my seed,” He whispered into her ear as he finished filling her up.He slowly pulled out, watching his semen drip out of her swollen cunt. “Look at that, who knows, maybe you’ll earn your penance by being the mother to my child,” He said thoughtfully. The odds weren’t high, but who knew. A demigod child of his own did sound quite an inviting idea. Even if Sarasdra seemed horrified by the prospect, grabbing the blankets to cower underneath. Her eyes didn’t leave him as he got up, heading to a small cabinet which he opened.After he’d captured Linette, he’d decided to prepare for the days that he’d have more members of his harem and had commissioned several new collars. He carefully sorted through them before he finally picked out the perfect one, made of pale blue silk with a sapphire hanging at the throat. “It’ll match your eyes,” Tecryd said as he fastened it around her neck, just tight enough that she’d feel it against her bruisesSarasdra just buried her face in her hands as she quietly sobbed. “J… just leave me alone,” She managed to get out between her hiccups.Kissing the top of her head, Tecryd threw on her robe before opening the door to summon some guards to take her to the basement room. He was quite surprised to instead see Yan out there, spent cock hanging out of their cleric robes as they licked cum free of their fingers. Tecryd chuckled before he opened the door the rest of the way. “Look at this, Sarasdra. You performed for an audience,” He said, gesturing to the smug tiefling.Sarasdra looked even more horrified as Yan strode in. “I’ll take her to the others,” They said as they grabbed her arm and dragged her out. She tried to grab what remained of her dress but Yan pulled her past the scraps of cloth. “Tsk tsk, you can’t be wearing that. There’s nothing left.” Tecryd chuckled but didn’t bother to lift a finger to help Sarasdra as Yan escorted her out of the room nude.Once they were down the hall and turned the corner Yan leaned into her ear to whisper, “You should be honored that he wants you. But just before you get any ideas, don’t try to take my place in his heart. I’m his favorite. I’m the only one that came to worship him. I didn’t have to be convinced like you did.”Sarasdra just stared at the ground as she was marched naked past the hobgoblin guards stationed in the hallways and stairs. A few looked the other way as she passed, but most took the opportunity to gawk at a naked female drow, white staining her inner thighs and her body littered with love bites.In the lowest levels of the temple Yan stopped at a door and opened it with a key around their neck. “Enjoy,” They snickered before pushing her in.She fell on her face, not even trying to get up. Tecryd was worse than she could’ve possibly imagined. She’d known he was cruel, yes, but to go so far as to humiliate her like this? Drag up such unpleasant memories that she wanted to be forever buried?A blanket was carefully draped over her shoulders and Sarasdra looked up in fear, afraid that perhaps some of those lustful hobgoblins had come in to have their wicked way with her as well.But it was just another drow, another female drow, with crimson hair and dusky purple skin. Sarasdra glanced at the collar on her neck, a soft baby pink, before looking back at her pure white eyes.“Hey,” The pink collared drow cleared her throat, “Come here. Let’s get you out of the light for a bit, okay? Call me Thola.” Gently Thola helped Sarasdra to her feet, escorting her past other people wearing collars. All of them were kind enough to avert their eyes as Sarasdra was taken into one of the other rooms.Thola helped her rest on the bed and tucked the blanket firmly around her. “I’ll try and see if anyone as some clothes that’ll fit you. I think the closest might have to be me so it’ll be a bit large on you, but the only other short person here is a halfling, and anything she has will be too small. Do you need anything?”“I just…” Sarasdra took in a shuddering breath, “I just need to be alone.”Thola nodded before heading for the door.“Wait.”Thola paused before turning around. “Yes?”Sarasdra tucked the blanket around herself more firmly. “… Thank you. For getting me off the floor,” She murmured.Thola smiled. “Don’t worry about it. We only have each other down here, and one way or another, Tecryd will fall to us one day. He’s already made a critical mistake.”“What’s that?” Sarasdra asked.“He didn’t kill us when he had the chance.”

The sun was slowly lowering in the sky of the Sword Coast. Within a few hours, it would be twilight. The air was thick and humid, alive with the sounds of insects.Dunstan slowed his chestnut mare from a trot to a walk as he approached the village of West Harbor. It was a tiny settlement, barely more than a spot in the road. With no inn, he would have to trust in the hospitality of the townsfolk - it was far too close to evening to brave the rest of the way to Waterdeep, and only a fool would traverse near the Mere of Dead Men at night.A few of the villagers glanced up from their activities as his horse ambled by. On every face was a look of concern… or dread. He met their eyes with a small, but warm smile. Yet, it obviously did nothing to ease their minds.Perhaps I would fare better in the Mere…“Ho, there!”A voice came from the left. Striding hurriedly towards him, in flowing golden robes, was a young man of his early twenties – though, like himself, he wore the beard of a clergyman. An expression of excitement lit up the man’s face like the light of the sun.Dunstan’s smile widened. Perhaps there was hope after all.“Greetings and blessings, Lathanderite. Could you spare some hospitality for a brother of the cloth?” he inquired, halting his horse with a soft tug of the reins.“That I can, good brother… Kelemvorite? What brings a servant of the Lord of the Dead to West Harbor?” The man looked over his garb almost in wonderment, as if he’d never seen the like before.Dunstan swung his leg out of the saddle, dismounting beside the man and draping the reins over one arm. “I come from Waterdeep, on a mission to find capable young recruits for the Temple. I took a ship to Neverwinter, and I have been slowly working my way back south. Unfortunately, I have not seen success. I do hope your West Harbor can change that.”The man’s eyes widened. “The City of Splendors? Gods above… but,” he shook his head, “I’m sorry. I must apologize for my lack of manners. West Harbor does not see many visitors, much less Waterdhavians. I am Brother Merring, originally of the Church of Lathander in Neverwinter.”The Kelemvorite inclined his head politely. “I am Brother Dunstan. A pleasure and an honor.”“The honor is mine, I’m sure,” Merring replied. “Come, and I can-”At that moment, a balding man in an arming doublet approached, curiosity evident on his face. It appeared he was a militiaman of sorts, and he was in the middle of training the youngest members of the village.“Ah! A guest! Welcome, welcome!” the man greeted him cheerfully. “Georg, at your service, goodsir. Don’t get many visitors around these parts, and it’s always nice to see a new face. Looks like you’ve already made a friend out of Merring, here.”“Er, Georg, this is Brother Dunstan,” Merring said, with something of an apologetic smile to his fellow priest, “of the Temple of Kelemvor in Waterdeep.”“Cyric’s Blood!” Georg’s eyes nearly popped out of his head. “Waterdeep?”“Ah, yes, Georg,” the Lathanderite continued awkwardly, glancing back at Dunstan, “he’s on a recruitment mission, looking for possible candidates to induct into the Kelemvorite church.”Georg crossed his arms. “Well, I’m sorry to say that your luck is pretty thin if you’re looking around here. Most folk in this little town aren’t too keen on religion. And even fewer would consider going to funeral school.” He laughed a little, but his attempt at humor failed miserably. Dunstan was not at all amused, raising an eyebrow at the militiaman.“Er, anyway, you might have a little luck with the youngsters, but don’t expect them to be too enthusiastic. And even if you manage to pique some interest, I doubt the parents would agree,” Georg then gestured at the practice field from which he had just come. “All of our youth is trained to defend the village from about ten years of age, younger if they show aptitude. I know every one of them like the back of my hand, and I’d be glad to offer some insight.”A wooden fence separated the sparring children from the adults. As the three men approached, Dunstan leaned against the fence and watched the combatants closely. Three boys and a girl were in the middle of a disarming practice, each of about twelve to fourteen years. The older teenagers of the town occupied one side, cheering on their favorite. In a small birch tree at the edge of the field sat a twig of a girl, reading a massive tome. She appeared entirely unfazed by the action below.“Who’s the lass in the tree?” Dunstan asked without looking at his fellows.“Oh, that’s Amie Fern,” Merring answered. “She’s the newest pupil of the resident spellmaster, Tarmas. She was mildly interested in my own field of study for a while, but her affinity for the arcane pulled her towards the arts of a wizard.”“I see, very well,” Dunstan replied, returning his attention to the match.There were two boys sparring with another lad and a small half-elf girl with a flaming red mane. The pair had to be brothers – with the exception of their hair and eye colors, they looked exactly alike. They were very large for their age, and they fought with nothing short of an idiotic ferocity.Georg must have seen the look of disgust on Dunstan’s face. “Two of the Mossfeld boys,” he supplied, adding quietly, “I’d highly recommend them if you want strongmen with the intelligence of orcs.”“The duties of a cleric of Kelemvor do tend to be a bit more cerebral,” Dunstan remarked dryly.He continued watching. The third boy was slightly smaller than his fellows, but no less powerful. He landed a strike with every swing, and he handled his practice blade with a deft hand. He didn’t appear to be at all intimidated by his much larger opponent.“And that lad?” Dunstan asked.“Bevil Starling,” Georg said, smiling warmly as he watched the boy. “He’s got a heart of gold, that one. In fact, I’d venture to say he’d make a great paladin, someday. Most of these other boys have no concern whatsoever with right or wrong until they get in trouble with their mothers. Bevil, though, tries hard to do what’s right no matter what. He’s an admirable lad.”“Unfortunately,” Merring added softly, “his attention span is rather short. And he tends to get distracted very easily.”As if illustrating the priest’s point, a hawk suddenly cried out overhead. Bevil immediately looked up, and within an instant, his opponent had not only disarmed him, but also swiped his legs out from under him. The Starling boy landed with a thud in the dirt, and a roar of laughter came from his opponent and the teenage crowd. Dunstan winced, feeling more than a little sorry for him.“Alright, you two are out!” Georg shouted, gesturing for the boys to leave the field.All that remained now were the half-elven girl and her Mossfeld foe. She seemed angry at the way her teammate had been treated. She danced around her sparring partner with a furious look on her face, her long red hair matted to her forehead with sweat. Like Bevil, she handled a blade with surprising ease. But there was also something different about this one… something more than met the eye. Dunstan recognized this about her immediately.“And what about the red-haired lass?” he inquired, pointing.Georg grinned broadly. “She’s probably your most likely candidate. That would be Rhaine Alcinea. She’s like Bevil, but with less strength and more focus. She’s also the only one of the youngsters who hasn’t really found her calling, yet.”“Tarmas tried to teach her a few arcane spells in an attempt to rope in two apprentices, but she didn’t have the ability,” Merring elaborated. “Though, it certainly wasn’t for a lack of intelligence. She does appear to have an interest in the divine, but I don’t think the clergy of Lathander pulls her strongly enough. Besides, her foster father, Daeghun Farlong, is grooming her to become a ranger like him.”“Though she doesn’t have the aptitude at all,” Georg said with a shake of his head. “The girl couldn’t be stealthy if she tried. And her training with a bow isn’t getting any better. She’s comfortable with a blade in her hand, and that’s mostly it.”Dunstan continued to watch her, rubbing at his bearded chin. Yes, she might do….“An orphan, eh?”Georg nodded, “That she is. Both her mother and Daeghun’s wife died almost fifteen years ago in a terrible war that consumed the villages of the Mere. There never was a father around, so Daeghun became her warden. And that’s about all he is to her, too.”“Rhaine has spent more time raising herself than Daeghun has,” Merring remarked somewhat sadly. “Sometimes I think he blames her for his wife’s death. I’m afraid that the only thing Rhaine has learned from him is coldness, bitterness, and stubbornness.”“That being said,” Georg continued, “if you’re going to try and recruit her, may the luck of the gods be with you. Daeghun will never agree to it. Even though he doesn’t seem to like Rhaine at all, he’s still got her in an iron grip.”At that moment, Rhaine disarmed her opponent, and with a sudden movement, took his legs out from under him in the same manner as his brother had Bevil. A satisfied grin spread across her face as she looked down on the beaten Mossfeld boy.------------------------------------------------------“Just you wait, you freakish little twerp!” the boy protested from his prone position. “I’ll get you next time!”“Sure, Wyl,” Rhaine retorted with a snort. “Just like you said you would last practice.”Georg’s call came across the field, “Alright, kids! Weapons in the barrel!”Rhaine pranced away from her fallen partner, refusing to help him up for his insult. It was at that moment she saw the stranger. He appeared to be deep in discussion with Brother Merring, standing beside his rather fat chestnut mare. He wore dark hooded robes, slit for riding, with a massive sword belted to his side.“Who’s he?”Bevil had sidled up beside her. His cheek was smeared with dirt from his fall, his brown locks flattened from sweat, sapphire eyes reflecting curiosity.There was a soft thud behind them. Amie jumped down from her perch in the tree, snapping her book closed. “He’s been here for about an hour. Rode in and started talking with Merring and Georg.”“I wonder why,” Rhaine remarked, brow furrowing slightly.“Well, he was watching you two rather intently,” Amie said matter-of-factly, wiping her ash-blonde hair out of her eyes.“That’s creepy,” said Bevil simply. At that, Rhaine elbowed him in the ribs, eliciting an “Ow!”They strode together up to the old rotting barrel, placing their practice weapons inside, when Rhaine heard Georg call, “Alcinea! Come on over here.”Obediently, she walked over to the balding man, trying not to stare at the stranger, “Yes, sir?”“Well done, Rhaine. Well done, indeed. You’re improving every day,” Georg said, placing a hand on her shoulder, “Our guest here is thoroughly impressed.”She took this as her cue to actually look at the stranger. He met her eyes with a soft brown gaze, and he smiled gently at her, simply nodding to affirm Georg’s words.“Hi!” Rhaine greeted him happily, emerald eyes sparkling. “Welcome to West Harbor.”The stranger then cracked a grin and inclined his head to her politely. “Why, thank you, young lady.”Georg gave her a little push. “Alright, Rhaine. Go home and wash up. Rhetta told me that she’s cooking a nice stew tonight, so if you want to skip the salted meats, you’re welcome to come to her house for dinner.”“Alright Georg,” she said with a grin, turning for her small house on the edge of town. Looking back once to wave at Bevil, she called, “See you at dinner, Starling!”And with that, she was off.------------------------------------------------------Dunstan watched her go, and he felt a small pain inside. She reminded him so much of his own bright-eyed daughter, who had died, along with his wife, of a mysterious fever. He wondered if, being an orphan, she missed her mother and father. Or, having never known them, did she think of them at all?After a few long, silent moments, Merring returned Dunstan’s thoughts to the present. “Brother Dunstan, if you wish, I can provide food and lodging for you tonight. And I can run a few errands for you around the village, should you need them.”The Kelemvorite rubbed his horse’s muzzle, nodding to the fellow priest. “That will do, Brother Merring, thank you.”------------------------------------------------------Rhaine laid her spoon in the empty bowl and got up to take it to the wash bin.“Seconds, dear?” Rhetta Starling asked, readjusting the toddler on her hip – Bevil’s younger brother. Their little sister hung on to Rhetta’s skirt with one hand, orbiting her like a small planet.“No, thank you, Miss Rhetta,” Rhaine replied politely, placing her dirty dishes in the bin carefully, so as not to splash the water.Bevil was still at the table, ravenously devouring his second bowl of stew. Amie watched him from the other end with a look of disgust mixed with amusement on her face. Rhaine returned to her seat between the two, exchanging knowing looks with Amie.As if sensing those looks, Bevil glanced up, his mouth still full of potatoes. “What?”Almost instantaneously, Rhetta smacked him on top of the head with a book. “Don’t talk with your mouth full!”His mother shook her head in dismay at her son’s poor manners and then sat across from Rhaine, setting the toddler gently on the floor beside her. After, she slid the book across the table. “This is for you, Rhaine. Brother Merring dropped by shortly before you arrived. Said you might want to look at it since you like to read before bed. He did say to take a look at the note inside first, though.”Rhaine picked up the tome, her eyes taking in every detail. It was larger than she was used to, and it looked fairly new. The cover was leather, and stamped in gold on the front was a strange symbol: what looked like a skeleton’s forearm holding a set of scales. She curiously ran her fingers over the symbol, then glanced up at Rhetta. “What’s it about?”Rhetta smiled faintly. “That’s for you to find out.”At that moment, the door to the Starling house opened, and Daeghun stepped in. His bow was slung over one shoulder, and a snare of seven rabbits was slung over the other.“There you are, Rhaine. Come, it’s time to go home.”Rhaine bid goodbye to her friends and Rhetta, then quietly followed her foster father. From his thinned lips, it was obvious that he wasn’t happy about her staying so late at another house. Thus, they walked in silence almost until they reached their home.“What’s that?” Daeghun inquired, gesturing to the book she held.“Oh, just a book Brother Merring gave me.”The wood elf’s mouth thinned again at her words and he shook his head, his tone bitter. “I have yet to understand the need to keep written records. They are like most things in this world; they eventually turn to dust and are forgotten.”------------------------------------------------------Dunstan stood on the edge of town, holding his sacred amulet in one hand. His head was bowed towards the west, to the quickly setting sun. He mouthed his prayers with his eyes closed, but behind his lids he could see the text that he had studied for months and finally memorized. When he finished, he let his hand drop to his side, but he kept his eyes shut, savoring the momentary silence of twilight and the peace it brought to his mind.At last, he allowed his thoughts to wander again. Rhaine was his last hope. If she found no interest in his god or his church, then he would fail his mission.Perhaps he hadn’t gone far enough. Perhaps he should have sailed to Luskan, or even farther to Icewind Dale. It would have helped if the High Father had given him more direction, but it seemed he hadn’t been able to offer any.Search the cities and towns of the North to find a servant for our god…Dunstan sighed. Because of the naturally cryptic nature of Gerard’s vision, the only thing the high priest knew for a fact was North.You will know them when you see them…His gut. He had to trust his gut. And his gut had turned him away from everyone but this little half-elven girl.He prayed his instinct was right.------------------------------------------------------ “…and I would appreciate it if you stayed away from my daughter,” came Daeghun’s raised voice. He was in the midst of a heated argument with Dunstan; he had discovered the priest’s intent, and he was not at all pleased.“How do you know she isn’t interested? Have you even talked with her about it?”“Only a fool would find that nonsense -”Daeghun stopped abruptly as he saw Rhaine approaching. She was exhausted, and the morning sun was glaring far too brightly through the trees. Between daily practices, increasing chores, and nightly reading, she was about to drop like a rock. Nevertheless, the girl bit her lip and continued walking purposely forward, book in hand. She went until she reached Dunstan, and then held the tome out towards him with her arm outstretched.Taking a deep breath, she said, “I’ve made up my mind. I want to go with you. I have to know more.”Brother Dunstan took the book slowly, hardly believing his ears. “You actually read it? But, I didn’t expect you to-”She nodded. “All of it. Every word. Took me most of the past few nights. There were some words,” she added, a sheepish smile on her face, “that I couldn’t work out. But that doesn’t mean I didn’t understand the message.”“You’re telling me you stayed up nearly all night for the past three days to read that ridiculous book? I thought I told you to get rid of it!” The fury was evident in Daeghun’s brown eyes, though his face was solid stone. He took Rhaine none-too-gently by the arm and pulled her towards their house, telling Dunstan over his shoulder, “She’s not going anywhere. Look elsewhere for your sheep.”Rhaine, with a strength she didn’t know she possessed, jerked her arm out of his grip. “No!”It wasn’t like her to do something so disobedient. But she was suddenly overwhelmed with a sense of fear and desperation. This was her chance to see the wider world. This was where she felt like she belonged, for the first time in her life. She couldn’t pass that up, not when it might be the only chance she ever had. And Daeghun couldn’t understand.The elf whirled on her. “Don’t you tell me ‘no’! You are my-”“Foster daughter!” Rhaine angrily supplied, “And you don’t even treat me like one! I don’t want to be a ranger! I don’t want to stay in this village my whole life! And I don’t want to be like you!”There was an expression of momentary shock on the elf’s face, and for an instant, Rhaine wondered if she truly had hurt him. But it only took a second for the stone mask to return. The look he gave her was chillingly cold. He then abruptly turned away from her, continuing to the Farlong house by himself.“Then leave.”She watched, trembling all over as the elf’s strides quickened and the door slammed behind him so loudly the whole village could have heard it. Despite the wide gap that had always existed between them, Rhaine suddenly felt more alone than ever. It was then she felt Dunstan’s hand rest lightly upon her shoulder and gently squeeze as tears formed in her eyes.------------------------------------------------------Georg stood with Merring, watching as Dunstan’s horse cantered southward, Rhaine’s red mane bobbing up and down with the mare’s strides.The Lathanderite sighed heavily. “Do you think she’ll come back?”Georg was silent for a few moments. The horse’s form was now becoming fainter as it went, the figures riding it becoming less and less distinct.“Nope.”

“Come on then. Again!”The sharp voice of the instructor rang throughout the practice yard, echoing off of the intricate stonework of the temple.Rhaine lunged at him with a backhanded swing, which he deftly parried and countered with a swipe to her abdomen. She jumped back and then thrust towards his exposed left side. He dodged smoothly and feinted to the right before coming overhand at her head. She barely brought up her sword in time, and the blades connected with a definitive clang.They came together with more force than she anticipated, though, and she lost her grip on her weapon. It dropped like a stone, and with her balance lost, so did she. Her back hit the dirt hard, pain emanating from her shoulder blades and pelvis. Her eyes grew wide momentarily as her instructor’s blade kept coming from the momentum of his strike, and she held up her hands defensively as the blade’s tip whirred right above her nose.Rhaine suddenly felt an odd tingling sensation, and a bright light burst from her palms, washing over her armored body like a golden shell.  There was a collective gasp from the other students, who had assembled in the surrounding alcoves, waiting their turn for individual training. The instructor looked stunned for an instant, and then his brow knitted in obvious fury.Roughly jerking her back to her feet he demanded, “Where did you learn to do that? I thought I told you not to use magic! And Shield of Faith is not a paladin cantrip!”Rhaine’s eyes were still wide, now with both fear and disbelief. “What? I don’t know-““Have you been listening in on classes, hmm? Or has good Brother Dunstan been tutoring you on the side?”The young half-elf could barely comprehend what was going on. “No! I-I haven’t, I swear!”“We’ll see about that,” the instructor retorted. “Dunstan! Where are you?”As they waited for the priest in question to respond, murmurs circulated throughout the throng of acolytes: “Alcinea’s been eavesdropping.” “Overachiever.” “Always thought she was weird.” “Rule-breaker… she should be expelled from the Temple.”Brother Dunstan finally appeared at the balcony above, one brow lifted. “You called, Matthias?”The instructor still had Rhaine’s forearm in a vice grip. “Yes I did, Dunstan. Your charge just managed to cast a Shield of Faith on herself in the middle of practice. Care to explain?”Dunstan glanced at Rhaine. There was an expression of positive terror on her face. Whatever she had done, it clearly wasn’t intentional.“I’m afraid I cannot,” he replied at length, dark eyes narrowing as he leaned against the banister. “And if you are insinuating that I have been teaching her on the side, you are sorely mistaken.”“Then how, pray tell, could she have cast it, Dunstan?” the instructor asked angrily.“I do not know. Perhaps, in her late-night studies, she mistook one spell for another.”“All paladin spells require verbal components, Dunstan, and she used none!”“Then perhaps she has simply been blessed, Matthias!” Dunstan exclaimed, increasingly annoyed. “Perhaps it is not up to you what spells our Lord Kelemvor grants to whom!”“That… is… enough.”A deathly quiet voice from the opposite balcony made the hairs stand up on the back of everyone’s neck. Tears swimming in Rhaine’s eyes, she quickly blinked them away to focus on the black-clad figure above her, and her heart skipped a beat.It was the High Father Gerard. He was an aging man, with stark white hair and icy blue eyes, the gaze that glowed from beneath the shadows of his cowl sharp and unsettling. He wore the black robes exclusive to his rank, the elegant silver embroidery glinting in the midday sun.“High Father, how good of you to-” the instructor began, but Gerard held up a bony hand to silence him.“Alcinea. Dunstan. Come with me.”------------------------------------------------------Dunstan followed close behind Rhaine, placing a hand on her shoulder comfortingly. He knew she must have been scared out of her wits. He could beat the living hells out of Matthias for frightening her like that. Thankfully, the spell had dissipated, so there was no a physical remnant of the event. But even so, there was no doubt that it was all still fresh in her mind.The High Father led them to his quarters. Dunstan had been to those chambers only rarely – it was considered an honor to receive a private audience with the Temple’s most powerful and eldest member.“Close the door behind you, Dunstan.”He obeyed with a bow. “Of course, Father.”Gerard moved to his desk, seating himself in an elaborately carved chair. Rhaine had already stopped halfway into the room, partially taking in her surroundings and partially due to caution. It was a stately chamber…second only to the main nave in lavishness.“Come, Rhaine,” Gerard beckoned. “You, too, Dunstan. Have a seat.”The two came forward slowly, taking chairs opposite the High Father. Both of them, Rhaine in particular, were uncomfortably rigid. Seemingly sensing this, Gerard smiled at them. “This is not an interrogation. I know what happened. The question that remains is how?”His words and smile were intended to comfort, Dunstan knew. But they didn’t. Perhaps it was because the High Father was always so enigmatic and chilling, if unintentionally so. Perhaps it was also because he had been the former leader of the local Temple of Myrkul before Kelemvor’s ascension.“For the past two years, you have not been studying clerical spells in any fashion,” he began at last, looking between the two and settling on Rhaine, “and yet you successfully cast one with no verbal, or even material, components, moments ago. Can you recall how it happened? Tell me how you felt.”Rhaine hesitated, her gaze dropping. “Well… Father… I don’t really know. I just… I was knocked down in practice and I saw Sir Matthias’s blade coming down and I - I threw my hands into the air and it just… happened.”“I see,” Gerard replied quietly, leaning back in his chair. He seemed lost in thought for a long moment.“Matthias is correct in that gods generally have strict rules regarding what spells are given to which followers,” he continued, “such is their nature. They are very selective in the distribution of their power. This is for mutual benefit, of course. Deities provide specific powers that help certain groups and factions meet that god’s desired ends. These powers are also tailored to the followers’ physical and intellectual abilities. However, you are also correct, Dunstan, in that we have no say as to how a god may grant divine strength – regardless of whether or not it violates their own doctrine.“It is, on the other hand, extremely unlikely that Kelemvor would break his own rules, being of such a lawful mind as he is,” Gerard added pointedly. “I believe that he is guiding your path in another direction, Rhaine. Perhaps he has seen something in you that he feels would be better suited elsewhere in the Church.”“So,” Dunstan interjected, a realization dawning within him, “you are saying that, instead of granting Rhaine additional powers as a paladin, our Lord Kelemvor is steering her into another career entirely?”“Precisely,” Gerard replied with a short not. “Which now leads us to another question – which path is it?”Dunstan’s brow furrowed at the question, as he was certain there could be only one other choice. “Wouldn’t she be a cleric, then?”Gerard held up his hand. “I shall get to that momentarily. Now, Rhaine, it is obvious that your spell was cast because you – if only for an instant - felt as though you were in true danger. Without any spoken words, casting materials, or prior knowledge of the spell, it was quite weak. But it manifested, nonetheless, and this suggests it is tied to your very being, not your intellect.”He leaned forward, his hands clasped together on the desk. “I need you to do something for me, Rhaine.”Dunstan watched with rapt attention. It was obvious that the elder priest was eager to test something.What is he thinking?“Yes, High Father?” she asked timidly.“Close your eyes. Imagine a ball of light, about the size of an egg. Think about it carefully… imagine its brightness, its fluctuation, its color… everything about it. Concentrate on it, as if it is the only thing that exists.”He waited a few moments, letting her visualize. Finally, he said, “Now, hold your hand aloft, and when you are ready, imagine letting that light loose into the world with your very will.”Rhaine held her hand outwards, and Dunstan could see that her fingers were trembling. She swallowed hard, and then opened her eyes once more.Instantly, a flash of light burst into being a few inches above her palm. It was bright white, hovering in place, fluctuating ever so slightly in shape and size. However, in just a few seconds, it dissipated, winking out as if it had never been.Still, Rhaine’s mouth was agape, her emerald eyes as wide as saucers as she glanced back and forth between Dunstan and Gerard. Upon the High Father’s face was a look of satisfaction. He nodded, as if affirming something.“What does this mean, Father?” Dunstan queried, uncertainty in his tone.At that, Gerard smiled wryly. “It means she’s one incredibly lucky girl. Rhaine is a Favored Soul.”------------------------------------------------------ “I’m a what?”It took a moment for the High Father’s words to register. She looked at Dunstan, whose mouth was slightly open in shock. She was still reeling from Matthias’s accusations. Now, suddenly, she was lucky? What in the hells was going on?The High Father chuckled at her reaction. “A Favored Soul,” he repeated. “You’ve been blessed by Kelemvor in more ways than you realize.“Perhaps this is the best way to explain. As you know, there is a marked difference between wizards and sorcerers - although both are practitioners of arcane magic, they approach their craft in two different ways. Wizards must spend their whole lives studying tomes and practicing invocations, carefully applying their knowledge and honing their somatic and verbal skills for the simplest of spells. Sorcerers, on the other hand, have inborn magical talent. Their arcane power lies within, and it only takes a certain strength of will to shape that power into whatever form they choose.“There is a similar difference between clerics and Favored Souls. We clerics study divine magic much in the way that wizards study the arcane, with the addition of praying for access to such spells – which gods can deny. Favored Souls, however, have no such anchors tying them down. There is no need for memorization and no need for prayer. The divine magic that we must plead for on a daily basis constantly resides within you.” He pointed to Rhaine. “All that is required is a willpower strong enough to call it forth.”“What does that mean for her studies?” Dunstan asked. “Where does she go from here?”“Well,” Gerard mused aloud, “her paladin training is officially over – so, no more practices with Matthias, I’m afraid. And official clerical training will do her no good, as it is not tailored to her specific needs. However, she will require knowledge of Kelemvor’s spells. Powers for clerics and Favored Souls, at least on a basic level, are one and the same. It is the method in which they are cast that is different. Therefore, Dunstan, I would like you to teach Rhaine from our books – not only incantations, but also planar lore. You’ve known her longer than any other instructor here, and since you have witnessed her talent firsthand, you know not to ever mistake it for cheating on her part.”Gerard then finally stood, indicating that their meeting was officially over, and his sharp gaze settled on Rhaine once more. “So, begin your studies on the morrow. And I would thank Kelemvor this night for your gift, young lady, even if you don’t believe that it is such. You will soon grow to appreciate it, of that I assure you.”

Rhaine looked in the mirror.Six years.Very nearly six years had passed since Dunstan had taken her from West Harbor and the Mere.She was no longer the cherub-faced little girl, but a striking young woman. Her face had become angular and more elven as it matured, though with softer bone structure than most of that race. Her emerald eyes had brightened in color and taken on a slight slant. Her lips had darkened and become fuller, as had her auburn hair – the tips of her elven ears scarcely surfaced above the thick red waves. What’s more, her robes actually fit her now, hugging her curves rather than hanging like a sack on her shoulders as they did during her awkward teenage years.Her slender hand went to the sacred medallion at her neck, as it often did when she was lost in thought. It was the mark of her full sisterhood, which had been granted shortly after she turned eighteen. The High Father had continued to push her, however; in a way, he seemed almost desperate to teach her the greatest secrets of the Kelemvorite Church. And, on the morrow, she would be put to a test. Not a trial, an exam, or even a recitation of knowledge. No, such were long past for her.Tomorrow, she would be a supplicant to Kelemvor himself.She would be asking for the greatest gift his clerics could receive: the coveted title of Doomguide. Although, to most outsiders, all priests and priestesses of the order were “doomguides”, the official epithet was only granted to the greatest members of the Church – the most loyal, the most promising, the most powerful, the most knowledgeable, and the most experienced.She was not lacking in loyalty or knowledge. Power was debatable. And she was certainly lacking in experience. This, of course, made her skeptical. She was certain the High Father would not steer her wrong… and yet, what if she was refused? Although it happened regularly, it would be quite the embarrassment. Rhaine knew that Gerard was banking on the fact that she was a Favored Soul already. But what if he was wrong? And why was it so important to him? Although she appreciated his confidence in her, he seemed to be driving her for a reason.A knock on her door interrupted her thoughts.“Come in.”Brother Dunstan – Father Dunstan, now – opened her room door. “Might I speak with you a moment, Sister?”“Of course.” Rhaine replied with a polite inclination of her head. “Do have a seat.”He closed the door behind him and pulled up a stool, sitting across from her. His robes were a darker brown than his usual garb, fanciful golden stitching at his wrists and throat. His face had become more weathered with time, the crow’s feet at the corners of his eyes had deepened, and his hair now streaked with grey. His eyes still held comforting warmth, though, and they sparkled as he smiled at her.“Are you ready for tomorrow?” he inquired gently.Rhaine sighed heavily and nodded, briefly glancing away. “As ready as I’ll ever be. I don’t think there’s a scrap of paper or tome in this Temple that I haven’t studied, yet. I’ve practiced Turning enough to be able to do it in my sleep. My sword might as well be another limb. The only thing I’m afraid of is…”“Rejection?” he supplied.She nodded, a little sheepishly this time. Dunstan then took her hand in his, squeezing reassuringly. “You’ll be fine. If you are rejected I would be very surprised. You are the jewel of this Temple, and Gerard knows it.”“Why is he so anxious?” she asked lowly. “Why does he seem to want this even more than I?”Dunstan sighed, looking away for a long moment before returning his gaze to her.“Gerard is dying, Rhaine. He has been for a while now,” he said at length. “It is to be expected, of course – the man is ancient… well over a century old. I think he sees you as redemption, of sorts – a final benediction, if you will. You are his last opportunity to show his god that he can accomplish something good.”“But, why? Why would he do that?” Her brow furrowed in confusion.“You know as well as I do that he used to be a High Priest of Myrkul before the Time of Troubles,” Dunstan explained, “and Myrkulites weren’t known for their benevolence. They were advocates of necromancy… most of them avid necromancers themselves. They reveled in slaughter, murder, and death. And Gerard was one of them.“When Cyric took the Throne of the Dead after the Lord of Bones’s fall, Gerard was one of the few survivors of the carnage at the Temple of Myrkul here. He fled to escape persecution. But after Kelemvor ousted Cyric from the City of Judgment, Gerard returned. He had received a vision from Kelemvor himself…  had been offered his former station if he promised to renounce the evil of his former Church. He did so gladly, as the realization had dawned within him of the wrong of his past deeds.“Gerard has been seeking a way to atone ever since – a way to pay Kelemvor back for leading him, even welcoming him, to the path of righteousness. He was already aged when he returned to Waterdeep, so his options were limited. Until he learned about you,” he finished with a slight smile.“Wait, was he the one-”Dunstan nodded slowly. “After my promotion, he summoned me to his office. He explained all of that I have divulged to you. He also told me that Kelemvor spoke not another word to him until he gave the vision of you… the star in the North that I was to seek out. Gerard is convinced that such a vision had great meaning for both him and for you. And so, he resolved to teach you everything he could and more – to make you the most powerful Kelemvorite in this Temple, perhaps even in all the Sword Coast.“In you he has imparted all of his knowledge and skill, and he has cultivated the power that Kelemvor has bestowed upon you. You are what he could have been, had his soul not been stained by the sins of his past. That’s why he pushes you so hard for greatness,” Dunstan concluded.“So, if I were rejected tomorrow, it would mean more pain for Gerard than it would for me,” Rhaine murmured, the gears turning behind her eyes, “because it would mean that, in his eyes, he failed his god.”“Yes,” Dunstan replied solemly, “but please don’t let that worry you. Gerard’s past is his own monster to deal with. When you stand before Kelemvor tomorrow, it will be your merit and yours alone that will be judged. And if you want to know my honest opinion about it,” he added with a reassuring wink, “I don’t think there’s a chance in the Hells that you will be found unworthy.”------------------------------------------------------Dusk was arriving quickly. The time was almost upon her.The West Chapel had been cleaned and prepared for her, draped in ceremonial banners and wreaths. All of the candelabras were lit, offering a warm golden glow to the stone nave. Rhaine had donned her formal robes, her hood up. She stood outside the chapel door, bouncing on her heels slightly with nervousness. She vigorously shook her hands to try and rid herself of the growing feeling of anticipation building in her gut, but to no avail.Gerard approached, Dunstan with him. The former was quite bent now, unable to straighten his posture. His frame had become much thinner over the years. But his eyes still burned with an unnerving fire that pierced her to the soul.“Do you remember the supplication I taught you?” he asked, his once chilling voice now horribly hoarse and raspy.“Yes, High Father,” she said with a bow. Now that she knew much of his story, she couldn’t help but look on him with pity.He nodded. “Very well, Rhaine. Proceed into the chapel, and I shall lock the door, so none may disturb you. Spend your evening in thoughtful prayer, and when the bells toll midnight, you know what to do. May Kelemvor be with you, child.”“Good luck, Rhaine,” Dunstan added quietly.With that, she turned and entered the chapel. The door closed and locked with a final click.And she was alone.------------------------------------------------------Rhaine’s knees ached with pain.She had been kneeling on the stone floor for five hours. Although there was a cushion beneath her, her bones seemed to separate the stuffing and were now grinding excruciatingly into the granite below. On top of that, her legs were numb with sleep, and her stomach was threatening to growl blasphemously in the quiet.Over the course of the evening, the altar before her had begun to look larger-than-life. The more she sat before it, the bigger it appeared. It was all in her head, of course, but as the time came nearer and nearer, the thing became more and more intimidating. The wall piece behind the altar, a giant brass rendition of Kelemvor’s holy symbol, glimmered in the firelight, and she could have sworn that those golden scales had moved.Of a sudden, the bell tower sounded the midnight hour, its rich tones resonating throughout the city like a gong.She swallowed hard, closing her eyes, her voice shaking a little from nerves as she began the supplication.“My Lord Kelemvor - Lord of the Dead, Judge of the Damned, and Master of the Crystal Spire - I ask that you turn your gaze to me for but a moment. I ask you, with utmost humility in my heart, to grant me your favor and boon as a Doomguide. I vow to serve most faithfully as a servant to your cause, for all of my mortal days and beyond. I vow to uphold your laws and your doctrine with unwavering loyalty. I vow to protect the living with all my power, hunt the undead and their masters with all of my strength, and grant peace to the dying wherever they may be found. For your blessing, Lord Kelemvor, I pray.”She held her breath. A minute crawled by. Then two. Then three.The silence that followed was deafening – so much so that she was afraid to breathe for fear of breaking it. She subconsciously clutched at her amulet, staring unblinkingly at the altar so as not to miss a thing. As time went on, however, her heart began to sink, and she started to believe that the High Father had been wrong…And then, the chapel began to change. The flames of the candles slowly turned from golden in hue to pale green…  one at a time… creeping up from the rear of the nave. The temperature dropped, a draft blowing through the chapel as if the windows had suddenly been let open. Her pulse began to race with anticipation, heart hammering against her ribcage and in her ears. Acceptance? Rejection? Which is it?Once the green flames reached the candelabras flanking the altar, they leaped to the scales upon the wall, illuminating the holy symbol in an eerie flare of light. A bright white sliver suddenly manifested above the altar itself, starting small but lengthening with each second until it took the form of a bastard sword. The weapon bore a mirror-like sheen, the hilt wrapped in studded black leather. A single, coin-sized peridot adorned the octagonal pommel, matching the green fire in hue. With the distinct sound of scraping steel that echoed around the room, a black sheath slid onto the blade, complete with belt, the whole set hovering as if suspended from the ceiling by a thread.A voice then spoke, seemingly from both within her head and without, consuming her hearing. It struck her at once as deep, dark, and smooth… whisper-soft, but resonating with strength… frightening, yet also strangely calming…“Accept your blade, mortal, and with it my approval. Its name is Touch of Death, and it shall serve you even as you serve me. Use it to further my cause in the Realms, my Doomguide, and we both shall benefit. Go now, and with my blessings.”The voice and the green fire vanished, leaving only the sword still suspended in midair, pulsing softly with a pale light. Rhaine could scarcely believe what had just happened. She slowly stood on protesting legs and approached the altar. Touching the blade would be confirmation that it wasn’t a dream, that what she saw did happen, and she reached out with trembling fingers.Their tips brushed cool steel as she touched the pommel. Her knees nearly collapsed beneath her, and she had to lean on the altar as she took the sword by the hilt and scabbard.Her sword - Touch of Death.She pulled out the blade slightly, gazing in awe at the shining surface. It was a fairly simple, yet gorgeous weapon. And when her abilities grew to match her knowledge, it would burn with the flame of Fatal Touch itself: Kelemvor’s own mighty bastard sword. It was a sacred link that only Doomguides could establish.Re-sheathing the blade, she left the chapel to return to her quarters, a merry skip in her step; she was hardly able to contain her joy and excitement, filling her like a child’s glee. Rhaine wondered what Dunstan and, more importantly, Gerard would say in the morning about it all. And as she dressed for bed and prepared for sleep, she could only hope that, upon hearing good news, the High Father would finally be able to find inner peace.------------------------------------------------------Unfortunately, Rhaine found that she couldn’t sleep at all; she was up and about before dawn. She had belted her new sword to her side, and she was astonished at its lightness. She went to the practice yard and swung it around a few times, getting used to the feel. It was, without a doubt, made for her. The weight, the speed… it was perfect.When the bells sounded the seventh hour, she waited in the cloister for Father Dunstan, and when he saw her from the far end of the hall, he rushed towards her.“What news-” he began, but then he saw the weapon slung at her hip. At that, he took her by the shoulders, grinning like a fool with joy. “You did it! Rhaine, you did it!”He took her up in a gigantic embrace, squeezing her so tightly she thought she would burst. Rhaine found herself grinning as widely as he, and she hugged him back fiercely.“I’m so proud of you, Sister Rhaine,” Dunstan said, “And I-”He stopped as Sister Bethany began sprinting down the corridor towards them, calling breathlessly, “Dunstan! Rhaine! Come quick! It’s Father Gerard. He’s dying!”The two immediately broke apart, following Bethany as quickly as their legs would take them. She led them to Gerard’s ante-chambers, where most of the upper-level clergy had gathered. Bethany pushed Rhaine towards the darkened bedroom. “Go, quickly! He’s asked for you by name!”Rhaine wasted no time, entering the dimly lit room and closing the door behind her. It took a moment for her eyes to adjust to the low lighting, and when she finally saw Gerard’s form on the bed, she was afraid he was already dead. That was, until she saw his chest rise and fall once in a shallow breath. Approaching him slowly, then, she sat on the edge of the bed and took his frail hand into her own, involuntarily shivering at the coldness of his flesh.His head turned slowly towards her, his once piercing electric-blue eyes now glazed and dull. “Rhaine. You… you were accepted. I must… congratulate you. You… have done so well.”He spoke in halting phrases, his hoarse voice barely above a whisper. In response, she squeezed his hand very gently, tears pricking in her eyes. “I couldn’t have done it without you.”“Nonsense,” he rasped, a hacking cough following that hurt her to hear it. “You… were guided by Kelemvor all along… you never needed any of us.”He coughed again, his face wincing with pain. “He… has granted me clarity in my final hour… he has shown me… the path that you walk. It is… paved with loss and death. A… darkness… creeps across the Sword Coast. Only you… can push it back…”Her brow furrowed as she heard these words. Gerard’s cough was weakening, and she had to lean directly over his face to hear what he had to say.“You… have been given your gifts for a reason. They… are the only things that can protect you from what is to come… and they are the only things that will enable you to succeed. You… you must trust in them, Rhaine. Trust in Kelemvor… and never lose faith in yourself.”His voice faded even more, and for a long moment, he was silent.Finally, though, he spoke again, barely breathing now. “Return to West Harbor, Rhaine Alcinea… return to your people. They… have need of you.”“I shall, High Father,” she whispered, a tear trickling down her cheek.He cracked a small smile at that, meeting her eyes. “Don’t weep for me, young one. I go to my judgment with a light heart… and for that, I thank you.”His eyes closed slowly, his smile fading as his breathing grew even shallower. And then his hand went limp in hers at last.She closed his eyes as silent tears flowed from her own, crossing his arms over his chest and pulling the sheet over his head. Then, for the first time in her life, she recited the customary Passing, so that his spirit would easily find the realm of the dead.It would not be the last time she would utter those holy words.------------------------------------------------------Rhaine remained at the Temple until after High Father Gerard’s funeral. The day after the services, she prepared to leave, packing what she needed and donning her armor. As she strapped her sword to her hip and put on her traveling cloak, Dunstan peeked around the doorframe and into her room.“Getting ready to leave, eh? Well, I’ve got something to give you before you do, so don’t get too hasty,” he said with a grin.“Give me? Dunstan, you don’t have to give me-”“I know, I know,” he replied, holding up his hands to halt her protests, “but I’m going to anyway. Come with me.”Brow furrowing, she picked up her pack, checked her room one final time, and then followed the Father closely. After walking for a ways, he moved behind her and put his hands over her eyes like a parent playing with a child.“Dunstan!”“Just let me guide you. You’ll be fine,” he said, pushing her onwards down the corridors.Finally, they went outside, and then inside again, and the distinct smell of leather and hay tickled her nostrils.“The stables? Dunstan, you didn’t-”He removed his hands. “Ta-da!”Before her stood a snow-white horse, decked out in Temple tack of rich brown leather and silver bossing. It was a slender riding horse, with soft brown eyes and a black muzzle, and its mane and tail were flaxen.“Her name’s Angel,” Dunstan supplied simply.Rhaine wordlessly approached the horse, stroking the mare’s mane and petting her velvety nose in awe. “By the gods, she’s beautiful.”“And she’s all yours,” Dunstan added. “You’ll need her, if you’re going to be traveling a lot. And, if Gerard’s words are any indication, you will be.”At that, Rhaine spun around and abruptly hugged Dunstan to her fiercely, sobbing into his shoulder as she was unable to keep her emotions at bay any longer. “Thank you, Father. Thank you. I’m going to miss you so much.”“And I, you, Rhaine,” he replied chokingly, beginning to weep silently with her.After a moment, though, he pushed back from her and waved her on, wiping the tears from his cheeks with one hand. “Go on, Rhaine. You’ll need to leave now if you want to get to West Harbor before the Harvest Fair.”She nodded, wiping the tears from her own face and turning back to Angel. Placing her foot in the stirrup, she swung into the saddle with the creak of leather and the clink of buckles.“Goodbye, Father Dunstan. I’ll write to you when I can. Until we meet again, may Kelemvor bless you and keep you,” she said at length, putting her fist to her chest in the formal gesture of farewell.“And you, Rhaine Alcinea,” he replied, mimicking the motion with a dip of his head. “Now go, and face your destiny.”

“Bevil, your staring at the road isn’t going to make her come any faster.”“She said she’d be here in time for the Fair, Amie!”“And I’m sure she will. The day isn’t over, yet.”“Yes, but-”“I know, I know. You want her to compete with us since it’s our last chance. But have you considered the fact that she might be just a little tired from the trip?”“Well, I-”Bevil stopped again, squinting hard, his sapphire eyes focusing on a lone figure far in the distance, blurred and slightly distorted by the haze of the marsh.“Is that her?”Amie, too, began to watch, transfixed as the figure on horseback became clearer. The rider was slim, dressed in dark clothing, and the horse was ghostly pale.And then she saw it… the signature auburn mane like a nimbus of flame surrounding the rider’s head.“Rhaine!”Both Bevil and Amie charged forth, plowing up turf as they dashed to meet their old and dear friend.------------------------------------------------------West Harbor finally came into view, the garish tents of the High Harvest Fair visible from quite a distance. The village was alive with people, crawling with movement like a disturbed anthill.Then she saw two people begin running towards her. One was a wisp of a woman, long blond hair tied into a ponytail, the other a rather large young man in a chain shirt.Amie Fern and Bevil Starling.In a matter of seconds, the threesome met each other. Angel half reared at the strangers’ abrupt approach, but Rhaine pulled the horse back down, sliding out of the saddle to embrace her childhood friends.Bevil was the first to reach her, taking her up in a gigantic bear hug. Rhaine was astonished at how much he had grown; he must have been over six feet tall now.  He had become a rather handsome young man – baby-faced, with a nicely trimmed beard and a shock of close-cropped chestnut hair. His eyes were still the same, though, bright with life and deep as the ocean.“We’ve missed you so much, Rhaine,” he said, his voice muffled as his face was buried in her hair. “We got your letters, but it just wasn’t the same.”“That we have,” Amie added, pulling Bevil away and hugging Rhaine fiercely herself. “Welcome back!”Amie was still a willow-thin girl, and her hair was still the same length and style it had been when Rhaine left six years previous. But her once impish face had finally given way to stunning beauty.“I missed you both, too,” said Rhaine, pushing Amie back by the shoulders. “And look at you! Both of you! How much you have changed.”“How much we’ve changed? What about at you!” Bevil replied, looking her up and down. “You’re… you’re…” a blush suddenly crept into his cheeks, “pretty!”Amie swatted Bevil on the shoulder scoldingly, but Rhaine simply laughed. She looped her arms into those of her friends, Angel’s reins in one hand, and began walking with them into the village… just like she had done so many times as a child.She was home.------------------------------------------------------“No, Orlen, they should be free of cares, at least for a day. We’ll go ‘round tomorrow… talk to the households, one by one.”“Right you are, Georg. Tomorrow, then.”The militia master had just finished a rather grim discussion with the farmer Orlen about sudden crop troubles when a familiar trio caught his eye.He could scarcely believe it.“Rhaine Alcinea. By the gods, I thought you’d never return.” He approached his former pupil with outstretched, welcoming arms and pulled her into a tight hug. “Welcome back to West Harbor, young lady.”“Thank you, Georg,” she replied with a smile. “I’ve missed all of you so much.”He pushed her back to take a good look at her. She certainly had grown into a stunning young woman. Her eyes glittered with a certain strength he’d never seen before, and her garb was quite impressive… a fanciful suit of silver half-plate. A doubly remarkable sword hung at her side – the kind of blade he never thought he’d see her wield. In six short years, she had metamorphosed from an awkward waif of a girl into a beautiful warrior-woman.But inside, she was still Rhaine.“Well,” he said finally, “you did come home in time for the Harvest Fair, so are you planning on competing?”“I don’t know, Georg,” she started hesitantly. “I’ve been riding hard for eight days, with barely time for-”“Please, Rhaine?”“It’s our last chance!”“Come on, Rhaine. You know we’ll win if you’re with us!”At that, she sighed heavily in resignation, shaking her head. “Alright, you two. I’ll compete.”Both Amie and Bevil whooped loudly, while Georg gave a hearty laugh. He took the sign-up list from his table and penned in the threesome as a team.“But I’m not promising anything,” Rhaine added sternly, “unless it’s knocking Wyl Mossfeld into the dirt in the Brawl. He’s still around, isn’t he?”Georg nodded, smirking a little. “All three of the Mossfelds are still here. And I have no doubt they’ll be eager to test themselves against you.”“They’ll regret it,” she answered simply, hand resting casually on her sword hilt.And Georg believed it.------------------------------------------------------“Alright, good as new. Now, off you go. And be more careful!” Merring shooed the young Lannon boy away after mending his broken arm and shook his head as the lad ran off. The poor thing had a desperate - even dangerous - need to prove himself… just like a certain girl who’d left them six years ago.“I’m ready to brawl, Brother Merring,” came a strangely familiar voice.The priest looked up from the kit he was repacking and then promptly dropped it into the mud, ruining the roll of bandages. “Rhaine! You’re back! I… I thought I saw a horse by the Farlong house but I didn’t dare hope…”Rhaine grinned widely. “You didn’t think a girl like me would come back to this crazy swamp town, did you, Merring?”“No, I didn’t,” he answered with a sigh. “I thought for sure that your duties as a Kelemvorite would keep you away.”“Well,” she replied, “I didn’t come back just for the Fair. My church sent me back. Although, what they told me was rather cryptic. I haven’t the faintest idea of what I am to do,” she added with a frown.Merring chuckled lightly. “It usually happens that way, yes. Perhaps the answer will come with time.” He waved a hand as if to clear the air, “But enough of all that. We can catch up at the feast tonight. For now, I’m sure you want to test your skills in the brawl.”“That’s right,” Bevil piped up eagerly. “And we’re planning on winning, too.”“Unfortunately, the gods have granted few competitors this year,” Merring said, gesturing to the three men who were leaning nonchalantly against the fence of the fighting ring. “The Mossfelds are the only ones who remain. They’ve defeated every challenger thus far.”“Great,” Amie remarked dryly.“To fight them, you’ll have to formally challenge them. And you must either brawl with fists or practice clubs.” The priest indicated a rack of sparring weapons. “No ‘real’ weapons allowed.”“Right,” Rhaine said with confiden smile. “I’ll be back shortly.”------------------------------------------------------“Competitors ready?” Merring called.Webb, Ward, and Wyl Mossfeld stood opposite Amie, Bevil, and Rhaine. The Mossfelds all bore practice clubs, but only Bevil wielded one on Rhaine’s side. The Favored Soul planned on planting Wyl face-down in the mud with just her martial skills.All of the villagers had gathered to see this final fight. Out of the corner of her eye, Rhaine saw Daeghun standing on the bottom rung of the fence. A faint smile flickered across his face, and he winked at her. Rhaine grinned back. Perhaps time had healed him of his anger. She certainly hoped it had.“Begin!”Rhaine focused on Wyl, trusting Bevil and Amie to be able to handle themselves. The eldest Mossfeld charged towards her, weapon raised high. That had always been his weakness on the practice field, and she didn’t hesitate to use this fact to her advantage.Rhaine came in with a heavy kick to Wyl’s abdomen. He instantly lost all of his balance and went pitching forward. She then snatched the practice club and wrenched it out of his hands… but instead of turning it against him, she tossed it over the fence.“You little-”Rhaine followed up with a swift punch to his mouth, another to his nose, and a left hook to his jaw. She drove a knee into his groin, and he doubled over again. Taking him by the ears, she finally tossed him into the dirt and then stepped onto his back.“Do you yield?”“Oomph! Freakish tw-”“I said, do you yield?” she asked again, pressing harder on his spine. Wyl grunted, groaned, and struggled momentarily to rise, before finally going limp.“YESH!”Only when he had fully surrendered did she dare glance around. It was over. Webb was on the ground holding his crotch with a horrific expression etched on his face. Ward clutched his left elbow, and his brow was bloodied. Amie looked none the worse for wear, although she was massaging her slender hands. Bevil had a slight limp and mud smeared across his cheeks, but was grinning from ear to ear.“And we have our winners!” Merring proclaimed.The crowd cheered and applauded heartily - with some even chanting their names.Including Daeghun.------------------------------------------------------With the help of a last-minute addition to their team - the agile boy rogue, Kipp – Rhaine and her friends not only won the Harvest Brawl, but the Knave’s Challenge, the Archery Competition, and the Tourney of Talent. Snaring all four events landed them the Harvest Cup. It was a wonderful way to end their last year of competition.After the awards ceremony, the patrons from other nearby villages departed, eager to get home before nightfall. But the party had just started for the Harbormen, who always laid out a grand feast at the end of the day. It was at this feast that Rhaine caught up with everyone in the village. But most of the time was spent telling about her experiences in Waterdeep. They all listened with rapt attention, as if it were miraculous that she had returned to them after so many years. Even Daeghun expressed interest, seemingly impressed with her newfound knowledge and purpose – a welcome change from his usual bullheaded stubbornness regarding religion.When all the food had finally been devoured and everyone had their fill of Harvest mead, the townsfolk dispersed to their homes, most all with smiles on their faces. As Rhaine left with her foster father to the Farlong house, reclaiming her old room upstairs, a strange sense of peace fell over her. With her stomach full of delicious fare, a glittering trophy on her wall, and her heart full, she almost forgot the reason for her homecoming.Almost.

“Rhaine! We’re under attack! West Harbor is under attack!”The Doomguide shot straight up in bed upon hearing Bevil’s panicked voice coming from the stairwell. An attack? What!? She barely had time to pull her blanket up to cover herself when he burst into her room, wildly brandishing a longsword.“Grab a weapon, we need to defend the village!” he panted breathlessly, leaning on her dresser for support.“We’d better hurry.” Amie’s tone was one of worry as she shoved herself into the room, too, and secured the door behind her. “I saw some of them behind us on the way here. They’re likely to hit this house next.”Without a word, Rhaine sprang out of bed, jumping to her footlocker to retrieve her armor and weapon. At that, Bevil suddenly whirled around in an attempt to give her privacy.“Oh for the gods’ sake, Bevil, I have smallclothes on!” Rhaine hissed in exasperation. “Help me get into this armor! Now’s not the time to act a gentleman!”Amie then assisted with the lower half of her harness while Bevil helped Rhaine fasten the backplate to her breastplate. In a matter of minutes, she was fully armored and had her sword belted to her waist. She drew the weapon, blade ringing out of its sheath, and immediately led her friends back downstairs.And then, a moment of panic arrested her, making her pause. This would only be the second time she would use a weapon or spells in real combat, the first having been during the invasion of the drow Valsharess, not long after she had become a full priestess of the Church…Her thoughts were interrupted, however, when three Duergar – Deep Dwarves she recognized well from that invasion of Waterdeep – bashed the front door to splinters and kept coming, shouting curses in their guttural tongue.Suddenly, as if someone else had taken control of her body, the words to a blessing flowed from her lips like water. A golden light washed outwards from her, enveloping her companions in a warm, tingling glow. All in the room stood open-mouthed for a moment… just long enough for her to strike with the swiftness of a serpent. With a quick thrust, she plunged her blade into the heart of one of the Duergar, the razor edge slicing through leather and flesh with frightening ease.That snapped her friends out of their momentary daze. Bevil charged forth with a cry, engaging another dark dwarf while Amie summoned a magical wolf to tear the throat out of the other.When the invaders were finally dispatched, their blood pooling on the hardwood, Rhaine glanced around, eyes wide with concern. “Where’s Daeghun?”“I dunno,” Bevil answered with a shrug, shaking his head. “I didn’t see him outside.”“Let’s hope he’s getting help,” Amie added. “I don’t think he’s dead – he’s too wily.”I hope not, Rhaine thought grimly. Despite their differences, she would never wish her foster father any ill will. It concerned her greatly that the elven ranger was nowhere to be found. Like Amie, she prayed he was coming with assistance.Outside, the village was in utter chaos. Houses had gone up in flames. Brother Merring was desperately trying to drag wounded villagers out of harm’s way. Georg was attempting to rally the militia, but such an endeavor was nigh impossible as fear permeated the air. He was embroiled in combat on the West Harbor Bridge, only a few of the militiamen at his side. Duergar and small, extraplanar beings Rhaine knew as Bladelings had him almost completely surrounded.The threesome dashed to his aid, making short work of the small raiders. The Duergar were boringly predictable in their brutish combat patterns, but the Bladelings were deadly quick with their shortswords, hissing and spitting in an exotic language. They were like some demonic version of a halfling – waist high, with purple-grey hide, feather-like scarlet topknots, and yellowed, horselike teeth. No doubt to the common folk they were something out of a nightmare.After rescuing Georg at last, Rhaine’s orders were clear. She was to round up any remaining militiamen and direct them to the wheat field for a final stand. Things were actually going rather well until they came upon Tarmas, who had been locked in a fierce arcane duel with a strange, otherworldly mage. Tarmas saw them out of the corner of his eye and warned them to stay back. But Amie, desperately trying to save her beloved master, unleashed her own impressive magic upon the foe…… with absolutely no effect.The mage’s retaliation was brutal. A blazing fireball spiraled from his staff faster than the inexperienced girl could react…And Amie Fern was dead before she hit the ground.------------------------------------------------------ “Amie!”Bevil charged forward with a howl of rage, attempting to cut the mage down where he stood, but the foe vanished the moment the warrior reached him, leaving three giant spiders in his wake.An unbridled fury consumed Rhaine. As she and Bevil slew the spiders and then aided the militia in routing the invaders, she barely registered what she was doing; Rhaine felt a surge of energy flowing through her veins, burning white-hot, nearly blinding her with its strength. She cast another blessing, showering divine power upon the militiamen as another wave of Duergar and Bladelings emerged from the swamps. Enemy after enemy fell to Touch of Death, the blade whistling as it sliced through the air, her sword arm seemingly controlled by someone else… someone far more powerful than she thought she would ever be.And then Daeghun suddenly appeared at the edge of the woods with his ranger allies behind him, sharp eyes focused on their enemies and slaying a foe with every rapid shot. An expression of hard determination had writ itself on his face, his mouth set in a thin line and his deer-like eyes flashing with an inner fury.With their aid, almost as quickly as it had begun, it was over at last.------------------------------------------------------Daeghun, Merring, and Rhaine knelt amongst the wounded and the dead. As Rhaine felt the adrenaline of battle drain from her limbs, a sudden sorrow for Amie overtook her, consuming all other thoughts. She bowed her head, her shoulders hitching with silent sobs, and Bevil took her into his arms for a moment, rocking her gently as she cried over the senseless death of their childhood friend.Georg looked on with a grim expression, some of the other villagers with him, including Orlen and Rhetta.“How many did we lose?” he asked, finally.Merring’s voice was quiet. “Ian, Vera, Pearson, Lewy, Pitney, and Amie.”“What were those things? Never seen anything quite like them,” Georg inquired further, a note of disbelief in his tone.“They’re called Bladelings,” Merring supplied. “Their kind is not native to our realm. They dwell in a place beyond.”“And Duergar,” Rhaine added, pushing away from Bevil and wiping her eyes, forcing herself to think. “The Deep Dwarves of the Underdark. They’re often used as mercenaries by planar peoples.”“Well,” Georg’s tone turned angry, “what in the Nine Hells were ‘planar peoples’ doing here of all places?”“I overheard one of the dwarves say they were searching for something,” Rhaine replied. “An object of silver. They were thralls of a more powerful entity, fetching at the order of their master.”“‘Silver’?” Rhetta repeated questioningly, glancing between them all. “But… we have no silver here. Unless, of course, they wanted our candlesticks – but I highly doubt that was the case.”Daeghun abruptly moved from his kneeling position and began walking away from the rest of the group. “Rhaine, come with me.”The half-elf’s brow furrowed deeply. He knew something. She knew in her gut he did. Thus, she followed closely, curious as to what he would say. And also more than a little suspicious…“There is something you must do, Rhaine. Tonight,” he explained, once they were out of earshot of the others.“What?”“Those Bladelings were here to find something, as you say,” he continued in a hushed tone, “and I fear I know what. The stones outside of town are deeper than you might think. Inside these ruins is a strongbox… within, a shard of silver. Find it and bring it back.”Holding up a hand, she shook her head as if to clear it. “Excuse me? You want me to go looking for a chunk of metal in the middle of the swamp, now, when there are dead and wounded to take care of? Why? Why is that more important than tending to…?”His face bore an irritated expression, and he rolled his eyes. “Your duties can wait until after you’ve fetched that shard. We can speak more then. Until that time, retrieving it is more important than anything else, of that I assure you.”She opened her mouth to speak again, but he interjected before she could get a word out, “There is no time to explain, Rhaine. You must bring back that shard tonight. Bevil!”Her friend was still crouched over the corpse of Amie, speaking softly and stroking the girl’s hair. His cheeks were tear-stained, and the expression he bore was heartbreaking as he glanced up at Daeghun. The young man’s movements were sluggish as he came to stand by Rhaine.“I want you to accompany my daughter to the ruins in the Mere,” Daeghun said simply.“But, Georg says they’re overrun by lizardling tribes-”“And that is why you must go!” the elf insisted, physically turning them and pushing them down the path towards the swamp. “Two swords may prevail where one might fall. Find the shard. Find it and bring it here. We have nothing more to say to each other until you do.”The elf then turned away from them before either of the friends could protest any more.------------------------------------------------------They walked in silence for a long time, until the fires of the village were far out of sight. Then, when the ruins they were looking for finally came into view in the distance, Bevil spoke at last, his voice cracking with emotion.“This is all a bit too much for me. Amie’s dead. The village is in flames. And now we’re out in the middle of the swamp, at night, looking for a stupid piece of metal. Because…?”Rhaine sighed heavily, warily glancing about at the quiet marsh surrounding them. “It must be important, or Daeghun wouldn’t have insisted that we do this now.”“It better be.”When they finally reached the ruins proper, they were forced to battle lizardlings both without and within. The primitive creatures had taken the place over as some sort of shrine to their non-existent “gods.” In the very back of this dark and dank ruin, housed inside an ancient, rotting chest, was a very small chunk of jagged silver – brightly polished, but quite unassuming. It throbbed slightly, as if enchanted, but Rhaine couldn’t discern what magics lay within it.“We came all the way here for that?! None of this makes any sense!” Bevil exclaimed, his voice echoing on the walls. He threw his hands upwards out of sheer frustration, his face turning cherry red with rage.Angrily spinning on his heels, he hissed, “Daeghun can do his own blasted quests from now on. Let’s get out of here.”------------------------------------------------------It was in the wee hours of the morning when they finally returned to West Harbor. By then, the bodies of the dead had been lined up for burial, wrapped in makeshift shrouds. Most of the villagers whose homes were still standing had returned to them. Only a few people remained outside, mourning the dead or aimlessly milling about, unable to do anything else. Daeghun they found standing alone beneath a weeping willow tree, his arms folded across his chest as he seemed lost in thought. He looked up, however, upon hearing the ground disturbed beneath Rhaine and Bevil’s feet.“You have returned. And you have brought the shard,” he remarked, seeing the glimmering piece of silver in his foster daughter’s hand.“That’s all you have to say? I nearly died out there!” Bevil shouted, evidently not caring who could overhear.“If I didn’t think you could handle the task, Bevil, I would have sent another,” Daeghun answered coolly, unaffected by the young man’s rage.“Yeah, well, you weren’t out there in the middle of the swamp getting attacked by lizardlings!”“No. I was here attending the wounded. Now find Merring and do the same.”At that, Bevil stormed away from them, raking his hands through his hair as he hissed to Rhaine, “Gods, I don’t see how you put up with him!”Daeghun ignored Bevil entirely, returning his attention to her. “Now, for the shard – let me see it.”Rhaine wordlessly surrendered the sliver of metal to him, pressing her lips together as she tried not to let her foster father’s behavior get to her. The elf turned it over and over in his hands, gazing at it silently. Then, he ran his fingers over it, closing his eyes momentarily as if remembering something.“What is it?” she asked at length.He handed the piece of metal back to her. “This shard is one of a pair, found after the battle that destroyed West Harbor when you were but a babe. My half-brother Duncan and I asked a mage in Neverwinter to examine them, but he found nothing but the faint residue of that terrible conflict. So, I kept one, and gave the other to Duncan. After I came back here, I sealed it away in the ruins.”“Wait,” Rhaine interjected, blinking slightly in astonishment. “You’re saying I have an uncle? And you never told me until now?”“It would be better to say that I have a half-brother,” Daeghun replied flatly. “Duncan, like Bevil, has many faults that make it unwise to rely on him or call him kin.”Rhaine’s brow furrowed deeply. “Watch how you speak about Bevil… he was the one who helped me retrieve this piece of silver, remember?”“Very well,” Daeghun answered with a dismissive sigh. “Let us discuss your friend no further.”At that moment, the shard vibrated softly in her hands, causing her to jump slightly in surprise. She glanced down at the shimmering sliver, peering at it, but the only things she saw in its reflection were her own emerald eyes staring back at her.“I feel magic in this thing,” she said quietly, frowning. “And it is no small magic, either.”“Strange,” Daeghun murmured, his brow furrowing in obvious concern at her words. “Perhaps this attack awakened it. In any case, a further look at it wouldn’t be amiss.”“Why did you hide it, then?”He sighed heavily again. “I couldn’t bear to keep it close, and yet I could not bring myself to cast it away, either. You were too young to remember what happened during the battle, but the shard reminds me too much of that awful night.”Her eyes narrowed in suspicion. “There’s something you’re not telling me.”“There are many things I have chosen not to tell you because they are not relevant.” The elf’s response was clipped, having evidently struck a nerve.“Relevant? Anything and everything you know about that shard is relevant, especially when I am the one forced to deal with it - which I have yet to understand the reasoning behind.”“Perhaps, if you were to heed my words and question less, there wouldn’t be anything for you to understand.”“Perhaps, if I were to beat the living Hells out of you that would settle things right now! This is your shard and your problem! Why don’t you handle it?!” Rhaine snapped, eyes flashing fury. Overwhelming grief, exhaustion, and anger were all settling heavily on her shoulders, and she had little patience for her foster father’s ambiguous – and irritating – ways.“I…” Daeghun began, but a sudden look of resignation came over him, and he shook his head. “I did not mean what I said, the way I said it. And now is not the time for us to fight.“The ways of ‘civilized’ men are uncomfortable and alien to me… you are much better equipped to handle this than I. As such, I need you to go to the city of Neverwinter for me. Duncan owns an inn called the Sunken Flagon in the Docks District. Get the second shard from him and take them to a mage you both can trust,” he continued. “To get to the city, follow the road to the port town of Highcliff. Once there, look for a ship named the Double Eagle. I know the Captain, and he will provide you passage to Neverwinter harbor.“In an attempt to keep both you and the townsfolk safe, I’ve let slip a rumor that you’re travelling to Neverwinter by way of the High Road. Instead, you will head to Highcliff and go by water, which will be both safer and faster. In short, you’re to be a decoy, Rhaine,” he finished.“Daeghun, I haven’t even been home for a day!” Rhaine exclaimed. “And now you’re sending me off to Neverwinter, after barely a wink of sleep? I can’t keep-”“Every moment you remain in the village with the shard brings greater risk to us all! You must leave now, despite your fatigue,” Daeghun insisted.She stared at him for a long moment, her eyes hard, before she finally spoke, “Fine. I’ll leave. But there are things that I will do here, first.”Daeghun nodded curtly. “Say your farewells. Your boots may travel many roads before you return to us.”At that, Rhaine turned away abruptly, marching towards the Farlong home with purpose and anger in her strides.If I return at all.------------------------------------------------------Her pack once again filled with her meager belongings, Rhaine secured the bag behind Angel’s cantle. She was glad to see that her beloved steed had survived the attack, and she murmured soft words to the mare as she tightened the girth and adjusted the stirrups. Angel regarded her with calm, warm eyes, reminding her so much of Dunstan.“Alright, girl. I’ll be back soon,” Rhaine said finally. “I have to tend to the dead.”She found Merring standing with the bodies of the slain villagers. Georg, Bevil, and the other militiamen had just finished digging graves for them. The priest of Lathander glanced up as Rhaine approached, fatigue evident in his poor posture and dim eyes.“I thought you might want to issue Last Rites,” Merring said wearily as she neared, clapping a heavy hand to her shoulder. “Such ceremony is best done by a Doomguide, when one is available.”Rhaine nodded solemnly. Bowing her head, she stood still for a long moment before finally speaking, reciting the same Passing that she had delivered for Father Gerard just a tenday earlier. As she finished, she approached the body of Amie, kneeling in silence next to her fallen friend. Rhaine felt a small pang as she saw the girl’s still face, now ashen in death. How ironic that the priestess sworn to comfort the bereaved was the one in need of comfort herself.Her grief had passed for the most part, however. Her training as a Doomguide had conditioned her to shrug off the effects of loss. She hadn’t realized just how difficult a task it would be, though, until death struck so close to home. There was a strange numbness now as she focused her thoughts. She reminded herself that the bodies she now gazed upon were mere mortal husks. The spirits of her friend and fellow villagers had long departed… hopefully, to a better existence. The only thing that lingered in her mind now was the question of whether or not they suffered in their final moments. And that was something she would never know.Rhaine hesitated for a moment, and then she unclasped the symbol of Kelemvor from around her neck, fastening it again about Amie’s cold throat. She pressed the bronze symbol to the girl’s chest gently, offering another prayer to the Judge of the Damned.Lord Kelemvor, hear my plea. I pray that you judge this girl worthy to enter the halls of Mystra, Mother of Magic. For if there was anything she loved more than life itself, it was the mysteries of the Weave.The amulet flared briefly, faintly, almost as if in answer. Rhaine smiled gently and rose at last, sighing heavily as she did so.“Bury them.”------------------------------------------------------Georg watched as Rhaine’s scarlet mane flew behind her, her ghostly horse carrying her speedily northward to Neverwinter, as her foster father had requested. The light of the dawn streamed through the thick treetops, brushing the fresh graves with a soft light – the graves that she had blessed only moments before. The militia leader rested his hand on Bevil’s shoulder, the Starling boy gazing after his friend with a sad longing in his eyes.“Don’t worry about her, Bevil,” Georg said gently. “People like Rhaine… they’re made for this sort of stuff. And she’s got more than luck on her side. I can tell you that.”“I know,” Bevil replied quietly. “She’s better than any of us will ever be. She’s too good for West Harbor. And if I were her, I would never come back.”

Rhaine drummed her fingers on the table as she waited.The bartender, a chunky man named Sal, had gone to fetch Duncan. While she waited for him to return with her uncle, she looked around the tavern: the Sunken Flagon. She’d certainly seen worse. It was a rather large establishment, if a little ill-kempt, but it seemed cozy enough.Her newfound companions took their seats nearby. Kelemvor had seen fit to grant her company on her journey, and she was glad for it. The two-week long trip to Neverwinter would have been much lonelier – and far deadlier – had it not been for them. They were all now in a bizarre circle of debt to each other for their survival.First, there was Khelgar Ironfist, a stocky dwarf whose love of battle was incredibly unsettling. She had met him at the Weeping Willow Inn, not far north of West Harbor. He was headed to Neverwinter, like she, but for a far different reason. Apparently, his unquenchable passion for fighting had backfired on him, causing his rousing defeat at the hands of three Tyrran monks during a tavern brawl. But instead of knocking sense into him, it had just made him want to fight even more… specifically hand-to-hand style, as the monks had done. His grand idea was to join the Church of Tyr for the sole purpose of learning such a technique. Rhaine feared he would be very disappointed - or worse, turned away as soon as he set foot in the door. Somehow, the dwarf had to learn that fighting solely for a fight’s sake was not the end all and be all of life. Battle - true battle - should have an honorable purpose behind it.Then, there was Neeshka, a tiefling thief whom Rhaine and Khelgar had rescued at Fort Locke, a little farther north along the road from the Weeping Willow. Her wild, copper-colored hair reflected her personality, just as her long, sinewy tail and pair of delicate horns revealed her demonic heritage. The rogue had decided to tag along with Rhaine as payback for saving her from a few soldiers. Since Neeshka hailed from Neverwinter, Rhaine hoped she would prove to be a valuable guide in the city.Finally, there was the elven druidess, Elanee. She, like Daeghun, was a wood elf, and once a member of the Circle of the Mere: the druids who tended to the deadly swamps around West Harbor. She had come to Rhaine’s aid when another Bladeling and his entourage of Duergar mounted a third attack on the Doomguide – the second having been at the Weeping Willow with Khelgar. It was after this rescue that Elanee revealed she had been following Rhaine ever since the Doomguide had left her village… with the intention of finding out just why these extraplanar creatures were pursuing her.There was one more patron in the tavern, too – a scruffy-looking man of his late twenties or early thirties. He was halfway through emptying a bottle of wine, staring blankly at the wall in front of him. He must have felt Rhaine’s gaze upon him, however, because he looked up after a moment, and their eyes met, green to brown. He wasted no time in offering her a very rude hand gesture.If looks could kill, the man should have dropped dead in an instant. Rhaine raised one eyebrow and stared daggers through him. Yet he simply ignored her, draining his goblet for the third time and slamming it on his table, as if to make some sort of a statement.“Well now, what can I do for you?” came a sudden cheery voice, distracting Rhaine from the drinking man. “Bit of venom for the belly, perhaps? Or maybe a tankard or two to shave the edge off your day?”She glanced up. There, looking at her with Daeghun’s eyes, was Duncan Farlong. He wore a ragged tunic, breeches, and a heavily stained beige apron. His face bore a half-grown beard, and his russet hair was shaggy and unkempt. The oddly-shaped ears signaled he was a half-elf like she.“I’m looking for my Uncle Duncan,” the priestess replied, standing as she did so. “I’m assuming you are he?”“Uncle Duncan, eh?” he asked, seemingly surprised at her method of addressing him. “That sounds a bit familiar, but… wait,” he paused, looking her over. His gaze settled on her eyes, and a look of realization flickered across his countenance. “You’re Rhaine, aren’t you? I haven’t seen you since you were a wee tiny thing. What are you doing all the way up here?”“Daeghun sent me,” she answered simply, her lips pressing together.“Daeghun, eh?” He looked off for a moment before continuing, face hardening somewhat at the mention of his brother’s name. “So the time’s come has it? Troubles chasin’ on your heels, and you barely know why.” The truth of his words struck her, and she felt more than a little unsettled by his response. “Suppose Daeghun told you half of what you needed to know, and then sent you packin’. Don’t take it too hard. Done it to me twice in my life… all for a good reason.“I think I know why you’re here,” he added with a resigned sigh, gesturing to her generically with one hand, “but why don’t you go ahead and tell me anyway?”At that, she took a breath, producing the shard from her pack and proferring it to him. “Daeghun thought you might know more about this.”“Did he, now?” Duncan took the shard carefully, slowly turning it over in his hands just like her foster father had done. Finally, though, he handed it back to her, shaking his head. “Nothing more than I did all those years ago. Plain silver, near as we could tell. You and those shards were all that was left of that West Harbor battle.”Sal looked up from cleaning the bar. “Duncan, I thought you said that shard was magic?”“Trace of an enchantment is what that eel Sand said,” Duncan replied, sparing a glance back at the bartender. “Probably residue of demon’s fire or wizard magic,” he added, turning back to her. “Anyway, it was Sand, and he’s a fool. It’s barely worth mentioning. There’s more sentimental value to that thing than anything else. Is that really why you came all this way?” he added, one brow raised. “To hear about your mother?”Rhaine was taken aback by his words. “What? My mother?”“Yeah, your mother, Esmerelle. Since you were asking about the shards, of course,” he said quietly. When Rhaine’s mouth dropped open in obvious surprise, his eyes widened again. “What, Daeghun still keeping that bottled up inside? It’s a wonder he doesn’t burst at the seams! But,” he continued with another sigh, “I’ve no call to say anything like that. Probably why he buried the first shard and gave the other to me…”“Wait,” Rhaine interjected, lifting a hand to stop him. “How are these chunks of silver related to my mother?”“I think you’d been better off raised by wolves if Daeghun didn’t share that with you,” Duncan replied sadly. “There’s a lot he’s probably never told you. But listen, it’s his place to tell you, not mine. He’ll talk when he’s ready, and it is best that you hear it from him. For now, let’s stick to these,” he said, gesturing at the shard.Rhaine reluctantly nodded and looked down at the sliver of metal in her hand, her thoughts awhirl with what Duncan had just told her, and mostly curiosity about her mother. Daeghun barely said a word about her parents in the nearly fifteen years she had lived with him, and it was only now that she had learned her own mother’s name: Esmerelle.“So,” she finally continued, shaking her head to clear it. “Who’s this ‘Sand’ fellow?”“A hedge wizard,” Duncan explained. “Has a shop here in the Docks. He’s got a dry wit and will always rub you the wrong way, so his name is well-chosen. Daeghun and I took another shard to him years ago, but he couldn’t get anything from it, just faint traces.”“Hmm. Can I see yours?”Without hesitation, he pulled it from his pocket and proffered it to her. “Here. Always kept it close for some reason. Didn’t want to leave it out of my sight.”Rhaine took it, now with one shard in each hand. They were both of the same material, both with the same lustrous quality and almost the same weight. The slivers were definitely parts of the same larger whole, though how large wasn’t determinable as of yet. Whatever the original item was, it had to be flat and thin, as there was no curvature to the pieces whatsoever.“It’s got power,” Rhaine remarked, almost reverently, the throbbing sensation now coming from both shards of metal. “I can feel it. It may not have then, but it certainly does now. Perhaps Sand can get a better reading with yours and mine together.”“Well,” Duncan began, “I don’t see any harm in it. Just don’t pay him any coin in advance, that’s all I’ll say. In fact, that viper would be best off-”“Ah, it seems I have arrived just in time to deflect the usual barrage of slander from the local innkeeper.”Rhaine and Duncan both glanced towards the door at the sound of another voice. Into the tavern swept a short slip of an elf, his burgundy wizard robes swirling about his ankles as he closed the door behind him and bowed to them with a flourish. His pale, sharp face bore a mischievous grin upon it, equally sharp ears emerging from beneath his shoulder-length black hair.“Sand,” Duncan growled.“Yes, it’s good to see you still recognize me past the,” he paused and inhaled deeply, “stale beer, faint sweat, failed aspirations,” he sniffed twice, “unwashed tunic? I thought perhaps you had already had one tankard too many for the day, but…”His pale blue eyes then fastened on Rhaine, glittering somewhat as he beheld her. “Why, your guest has the smell of a Harborwoman about her,” he sniffed again, and then winked at her as she opened her mouth in objection, “faint. But there.”Before she could react, Sand boldly looped his arm through Rhaine’s and patted her hand. “I thought Duncan was keeping company too good for him. Now I see I was right. Duncan, you could learn a few things from your guest, here.”“Hmph! Still selling two-copper fair weather charms to the locals, Sand?” Duncan retorted dryly.Sand’s brow knitted. “You have no appreciation for my talents, and after all I’ve done for you! To think you would last a fortnight without my ale purgative… why, you would be buried in the tombs with the rest of the Neverwinter traitors – a betrayer of barkeepers everywhere.“But enough about you and your adventurous exploits on the tavern floor. I heard my name mentioned almost in a way that suggested I could help…?”Duncan rolled his eyes and indicated Rhaine. “This here’s kin.”Sand looked her up and down skeptically. “I’m not really seeing the family resemblance.”“And we need your help looking at the shards again.”“Shard?” Sand repeated, unhooking his arm from Rhaine and crossing his arms. “You mean that chunk of silver you showed me so long ago? I do hope you don’t intend on trying to pawn it to me again - I’m no longer interested. Besides, I thought you said the piece of junk had sentimental value. And didn’t your uncle, or cousin, or brother or whatever make off with the other? I thought you only had one.”“It made its way back, so to speak,” Duncan explained. “We need you to look at both of them again. Properly, this time.”“Well,” Sand replied, holding out his hands expectantly, “give them here and let’s see what my keen arcane senses can determine.”Rhaine carefully placed both shards in the palms of his hands, watching as the elf closed his eyes and began muttering an incantation. She could tell it was a divination spell of some sort, but the specific cantrip eluded her.Suddenly, the shards emitted an earsplitting bang, discharging a force of magic strong enough to send all three of them flying across the room. Rhaine went sailing over two tables, nearly landing in the fireplace. Duncan was tossed backwards over the bar. Sand was propelled all the way to the front door and plastered against the wood with a grunt.Khelgar and Neeshka both howled with laughter, but Elanee admonished them. “Stop that! Both of you! They could have been seriously hurt!”As they scrambled back to their feet, they looked one to the other with shocked and confused expressions on each of their faces. Rhaine collected the pieces cautiously, afraid they would react again. Sand brushed himself off, his lip curled in distaste.“Well, it certainly has some resentment to being scryed,” he said at last, rubbing at the back of his head. “That is quite different than last time. Are you sure these are the same shards?” Sand shook his head at them, disbelief in his tone. “The power in them is much stronger than before-”“Oh, so now they’re magical?” Duncan growled fiercely. “I’m not paying you for two failed divinations, you charlatan!”“It’s not a matter of divination, you one-tankard drunk!” Sand hissed. “Without knowing the history of these shards even I can’t unlock their mysteries!”At that, Rhaine’s temper flared, and she took both of the men roughly by the shoulders. “Look, would you two please stop arguing and focus! These things are obviously more important than your petty squabbling!”Duncan sighed heavily. “You’re right. I’m sorry I pointed out the fact that you’re a charlatan, Sand.”Sand’s eyes rolled skyward. “And I didn’t mean to bring up your excessive drinking, Duncan. It was uncalled for, especially when we have such a mystery before us.”The mage then turned to Rhaine. “Taking these to any other wizard around these parts would be useless without knowing their history… you need a sage.”She raised an eyebrow. “So, who would know more about them?”“You could try speaking with Aldanon, but you won’t have much luck reaching him right now,” the wizard replied. “Blacklake District is shut down. Strangely enough, he lives there but is now is trapped there along with all the other Neverwintan nobles. The Watch has it locked tight, with no one going in or out and no correspondence in or out. There’s a murder investigation going on, and they’ve called in the Cloaktower mages… which means sorcery, demons, or both were at work there.”“Demons?” Duncan asked incredulously. “The closest I came to those were Daeghun’s tales about the battles down at West Harbor, where there was all that trouble with the King of Shadows.”“The King of Shadows? What , or who, is that?” Rhaine inquired, as she had never heard the epithet before – which was odd, considering her church had collected much lore on demonic and planar entities.“Some sorcerer, I believe,” Sand supplied. “Had a bunch of demons at his beck and call. Not much left about that time in Neverwinter history, strangely enough.”“But this Aldanon,” Duncan added, redirecting the conversation. “You think he may know more about these shards?”“Well,” Sand shrugged and sighed, “if you’re not a member of the Watch or know a secret route into Blacklake, you’re out of luck.”“Hmm,” Duncan looked askance at Rhaine. “The Watch seems right up your alley, although there are few women of faith in the ranks. Marshal Cormick at the City Watch post here in the Docks is in bad need of some extra hands, though, so I doubt he’ll be picky. He’s a Harborman, like you. You might even remember him.”“Yes,” she said quietly, vaguely remembering Cormick’s face from her childhood. “I recall seeing him a time or two. He left West Harbor when I was very young, I think.”“He might be able to take you in,” Duncan continued, “and then you shouldn’t have too hard a time getting to Aldanon.”Rhaine thought about it for a moment. Joining the Watch didn’t seem like a bad idea at all… and perhaps she could do some good for the city while she was at it. “Very well. I’ll do it.”“Great,” Neeshka grumbled. “Hope nobody I know finds out, or there goes my sterling reputation…”“You’ll find him at the Watch post by the Dolphin Bridge,” Duncan elaborated. “Take a right from here, then follow the road straight ahead.”Rhaine nodded, pulling her map, quill, and inkwell from her pack and checking the route. She circled the watch post, the Sunken Flagon, and Aldanon’s mansion in the Blacklake District for future reference. Duncan also pointed out Sand’s shop, the local blacksmith, and the trader.“Well,” Sand piped up after a moment. “You certainly can find your own way into trouble from here. Me, I’ll go back to my lonely merchant existence.” The elf bowed once more, turned and sauntered towards the exit. “Should you need my expertise, simply ask… but just in case, bring a great deal of gold as well.” He winked at Rhaine again before stepping outside. “Good day to you.”As the tavern door closed behind him, Rhaine found herself grinning at the wizard’s words. Despite his biting sarcasm, he was strangely likeable…“You’re welcome to stay here free of charge, Rhaine. So long as you’re here in Neverwinter, you’ll find a bed and food for you here,” Duncan said at length, placing his hand on her shoulder reassuringly. “And,” he added, gesturing to her companions, “any friend of yours is a friend of mine. They’re welcome to stay here as well.”Rhaine smiled her appreciation. “Thank you for your hospitality, Uncle Duncan. It is greatly appreciated.”Duncan waved a hand. “Anything to help, lass. And good luck with the Watch. With all the troubles that have befallen the Docks lately, you’ll need it.”------------------------------------------------------Rhaine kept to herself for the rest of the evening, mulling over the events of the past fortnight.  As her thoughts went to the Duergar and Bladelings who had been following her, she remembered the curse they had shouted… or what she had thought was a curse.

Neeshka had confirmed her suspicions that the phrase or word was planar in origin, although it was certainly not from the Hells or the Abyss. Elanee seemed to think it was more of a name, or even a title, though the meaning escaped her as well. It was odd, this thing they kept calling her… and they spat it at her as if it were something distasteful, disgusting, or even evil. She remembered one Bladeling claiming Rhaine had stolen the shards…And then she recalled what Duncan had told her - that the shards had been found after the battle of West Harbor. What happened there? Why would an object of magical silver have been shattered there? What was it that shattered it? And moreover, how were she and her mother tied to them? Rhaine hoped that, once she reached Aldanon, these questions would be resolved. But it seemed that investigating the shards was going to be anything but easy, and the longer she kept them in her possession, the more complicated things were becoming. Still, the fact that her home village had been attacked over them, and she had been confronted twice more by creatures looking for them, suggested they were of great importance. Whether they were good or evil, she needed to know their origin. And if she had to inconvenience herself by joining up with the Neverwinter City Watch, then so be it.

Greycloak Lieutenant Rhaine Alcinea stumbled into the Sunken Flagon with two more companions at her heels, her namesake cloak tattered from countless battles over the past two months. Her service to Neverwinter had soon transcended mere patrols and arrests of hooligans in the city; it had taken her all the way to Old Owl Well, in the mountains far to the southeast, to secure Neverwinter’s trade route to Waterdeep. Her activity in the area had culminated with her rescue of a Waterdhavian emissary and the utter elimination of the harassing orc tribes from the region. Thus, Neverwinter reinforced vital trade relations with the City of Splendors, and the beleaguered residents of Old Owl Well were granted a lasting reprieve from orc attacks.As she wearily sat down at an empty table, the newest employee of Duncan’s sneered at her. Qara, once a sorceress of the Academy of Neverwinter, was now cleaning the tavern’s tables with a soiled rag, a sour expression on her face as she contemplated ways to burn the establishment the rest of the way to the ground; after she had accidently set fire to the rafters of the inn, Duncan forced her to pay him back for the damage through hard labor. She was a wild and arrogant thing, hair as fiery as her temper, and Rhaine feared that such arrogance would be her eventual downfall. She had contemplated taking the sorceress with her on excursions from time to time, if only to direct her destructive power to something beneficial, but Rhaine was simultaneously concerned that her lack of control would only be a detriment to the party…Her newfound companions joined Rhaine at the table moments after she seated herself. The first was Grobnar Gnomehands, an eccentric little gnomish bard whose dreams were as lofty as his blond pompadour. Regardless of his senseless babbling about some fictitious thing he called a “Wendersnaven,” his songs bore true bardic magics, and his skills with mechanical objects were unparalleled. Rhaine had thought that his profound knowledge of lore would give her some insight into the shards or her strange new title, but he could offer nothing other than the confirmation that it seemed more name than mere word.Then there was Casavir, a noble paladin of the god of justice, Tyr. She had met the man deep in the Sword Mountains, where she had helped him fend off two orcish ambushes. He was at least in his early forties, although his jet black hair had yet to begin turning grey. His face was hard but handsome, and he possessed striking, sky blue eyes that flickered with the fires of faith… although they also seemed to have a distant cast at times. In return for her aid in routing the orcs of the Well, he had joined her on her mission to investigate the silver shards. He watched her with a careful eye, often placing himself between her and perceived threats, both in combat and out of it. It was a seemingly subconscious action; such was the way of true paladins, she knew.As Neeshka, Elanee, and Khelgar joined them as well, the tiefling inquired, “So, what now, Miss Watchwoman?”“Now?” Rhaine answered, plopping her chin in her hand as she propped her elbow against the table. “Now, we get some rest. Captain Brelaina has waited three weeks for her report… she can wait a day or two longer.”“I’ll raise a tankard to that,” Khelgar agreed. “Duncan! A round for Neverwinter’s finest!”“Seeing as you haven’t paid for a single drink since you came here, you can get it yourself!” Duncan snapped, wagging his finger scoldingly at the dwarf.“Ah, good!” Khelgar replied cheerily as he hopped off of his chair, not skipping a beat. “I was wonderin’ when ye’d give me free reign of the kegs!”As Duncan muttered something about freeloaders, Casavir then leaned across the table and murmured lowly to Rhaine, “Do you see that man? Over there, by the window? He hasn’t stopped watching you since we walked in here.”She didn’t turn her head so as not to give them away, but simply rolled her eyes. “Don’t mind him. He’s not worth the effort, Casavir.”The paladin’s own eyes narrowed suspiciously. “He watches you as if you are his prey… I would not shrug him off so easily if I were you.”At that, she smiled gently, nodding. “Thank you for your concern, Casavir. I do appreciate it. But I can handle myself, as you well know. And as long as I have all of you with me, there is little to fear from him, I think.”Casavir gave his own small nod of acquiescence in reply, leaning back again. “Forgive me. I simply wished to voice my concern.”It was then that Sal came over with steaming plates of food to set before them, and all of the companions immediately tucked in. They ate in silence for a long while after, before Neeshka finally spoke.“So, you think Brelaina will let you into Blacklake, soon?” the tiefling asked, tearing into her second turkey leg with her needlelike teeth.“I hope,” Rhaine replied, sipping at her wine. “If not, then I shall have to keep at this until she trusts me.”“I know little about the settled peoples,” Elanee remarked, pausing as she smeared butter on her twice-baked bread, “but I feel the Captain is close to granting you what you want. All that you have done thus far has been greatly beneficial to the populace of Neverwinter – you have saved countless lives. If she doesn’t trust you by now, I do not know what more you could do.”“I was just thinking,” Grobnar began, a jovial expression lighting up his face, “perhaps if this Bree-layna person heard a song of your deeds-”“No.”All five of the others at the table responded in unison. A moment or two of exchanging glances later, they then burst into roaring laughter… even Grobnar, the poor thing, who was too lost in his own world to realize he’d been insulted.It was not long after they all finished their dinners that they retired to their beds at last. It had been a long two months – a time that had been much more favorable to Neverwinter than it had been advantageous to them.Perhaps that would change.------------------------------------------------------“Report, Lieutenant.”Rhaine saluted Brelaina, who sat opposite her at a large oaken desk. Marshal Cormick stood just behind and to the side of her. Warriors in the service of the Neverwinter Nine had just stormed out of the Watch office; over what, precisely, the Doomguide hadn’t managed to catch. She had received only a curt “Lieutenant” from their leader – a woman garbed from head to toe in shining plate armor – on her way inside from her second guard mission since Old Owl Well. The first had been to flush out Luskan spies in the docks, and the second was to deal with a nest of assassins in the Merchant Quarter.Assassins who just so happened to be those same extraplanar entities that had attacked West Harbor.“Captain. The assassins have been dealt with, as ordered,” Rhaine answered at length. “They will no longer pose a threat.”A rare smile spread across the Captain’s face. “Well done. I knew I could count on you, Rhaine. You have done much for the people of Neverwinter, and you have earned my complete trust. Therefore,” Brelaina picked up a small slip of parchment and extended it to the Doomguide, “you have also earned a pass into Blacklake. Show this to the gate guards, and they will let you in. You will need to have an escort, however, and you may not go anywhere other than this Aldanon’s mansion; there has been another murder, and thus I had to fight for that much. Do not abuse this privilege. I fear I have pressed the Neverwinter Nine as far as they will go in this matter.”Rhaine took the pass, inclining her head politely. “Thank you, Captain. This is greatly appreciated.”“No,” Brelaina replied, shaking her head, “thank you for your service, on behalf of Lord Nasher and Neverwinter itself. May you find what it is that you seek in Blacklake.”------------------------------------------------------The Watchman pointed to the door.“That’s the one. Just be careful with ‘im. Ol’ coot’s gettin’ crazier every day…”Rhaine and her companions carefully approached the signified door, upon which the priestess rapped her knuckles in rapid succession.A few seconds passed before a muffled voice came from the other side, “Are you here with the delivery?”“No, I’m a member of the Watch,” Rhaine replied, her voice raised a little so he could hear her clearly. “I have a few questions which I’m hoping you can answer.”“The Watch? There’s no trouble is there?”“No,” she answered, glancing back at the others, “no trouble at all. I just seek your knowledge about a few things.”“Oh! Well, in that case, hold on a moment while I let down my wards, and you can come right in.”Rhaine heard the distinct popping sound of magical force fields being dispelled before a wild-haired old man at last opened the door and motioned them all inside. He closed it quickly behind them, white robes swishing as he did so, appearing the very epitome of a stereotypical eccentric old wizard.“Please forgive me,” Aldanon began, “I would never intentionally stand in the way of the Watch… that is, unless there was no other place to stand. And that wouldn’t happen unless there was a flood.”Neeshka cleared her throat loudly, and then made the “loony” gesture to Khelgar while Aldanon’s back was turned. Elanee smacked the tiefling on top of the head with her spear, eliciting a yelp from the rogue. Rhaine glared at all three of them.“Oh, you came here for a reason, yes?” Aldanon asked, facing them again and stroking his white beard thoughtfully.“Yes, we did,” Rhaine affirmed slowly. “And it’s a rather long story…”The Doomguide spent the next hour explaining her adventures thus far, from the attack on West Harbor all the way up to the present moment. All the while, the sage listened with rapt attention, his mouth even dropping open on occasion. When she finally finished, he was silent and still for many minutes.“Great Tyr!” He said at length, no small amount of awe in his voice. “What a tale! Fascinating… simply fascinating! Well, it just so happens that I found a very similar shard not so long ago, with very similar properties to the ones you possess. If you’d like, I can run some tests on all of them – see what I can come up with.”Rhaine glanced at her companions, eyebrows raised questioningly. Elanee shrugged and Casavir nodded.“Very well,” she said finally, producing the shards and handing them to Aldanon, “here you are.”“Excellent!” Aldanon replied excitedly. “I’ll be right back with them, don’t you worry!”The sage then disappeared into a back room for another hour, during which time there came strange smells, the feeling of ozone, and a large amount of disconcerting banging and popping noises from within. When he finally returned, however, there was a look of triumph on his face.“Done! With other shards for comparison, I learned… well, quite a lot.”“What are they?” Rhaine inquired, eager for answers.“It appears that these shards contain magical energies, either from when they were whole or from their destruction, and resonate when brought together,” Aldanon explained.“Tell us something we don’t know,” Neeshka grumbled.The old sage continued on without hearing her, “These shards are pieces of a githyanki silver sword. Are you familiar with the githyanki people?”Rhaine blinked, stunned. The githyanki. Why hadn’t she realized it sooner? The mage who had killed Amie was a githyanki, with his signature grey-green skin pulled tightly over his skull. The githyanki were the ones who controlled the Bladelings and Duergar, as they were slaves of that Astral people. All the clues had been right there before her eyes the entire time… she just never put them all together.“The githyanki live on the Astral plane… within and around the corpses of dead gods,” Rhaine replied. “They are a warlike people who were once human, before their enslavement by illithids – mind flayers.”“Precisely,” Aldanon said with a nod of affirmation. “They were born of a titanic rebellion against their illithid masters, led by the heroine Gith. The silver swords of these people are forged with the special purpose of severing the silver cord of Astral travelers, an action that will instantly slay the traveler’s material counterpart. I believe these shards are pieces of such a sword, and that the githyanki have come to Faerûn to recover them.”At that, Rhaine was puzzled. “But why would they care about a broken weapon? It is useless to them, now.”“Well,” Aldanon began, scratching his head thoughtfully, “I’ve never heard of one ever being broken before. Perhaps they are as interested in how it was shattered as they are in recovering the pieces.”Rhaine thought a moment, mulling over her experiences with the extraplanar people. “I’ve fought the githyanki before, but they did not possess swords as you describe. Why is that?”“Common githyanki would never possess a silver sword,” the wizard answered, shaking his head in slight irritation, “they are prized weapons granted by the Lich Queen to only the greatest knights of their people, and as such, are extremely precious items. When one of these swords falls into the hands of non-githyanki, they will go to extraordinary lengths to recover it.”“Lose them often, do they?”He nodded. “Often enough that a special group was formed to hunt for them, called the ‘Sword Stalkers.’ They seek out these lost swords and take it upon themselves to exact punishment on those who steal them.”“By the gods,” Rhaine whispered finally, an element of astonishment in her voice as her eyes widened. Things were all falling into place, now. The Bladelings were claiming she had stolen, and maybe even broken, a githyanki sword into the shards she now possessed. And the githyanki who had attacked West Harbor must have been one of these Sword Stalkers…“Is there anything else?” she asked quietly after a few moments, searching the old man’s face as if she could find even more answers there.“I wish I knew more. Ammon Jerro was the real expert… he even had one of those silver swords. Ammon was once the court wizard of Neverwinter, you see, but he passed away several years back, during the war with the King of Shadows.”“Hmm. Would his family know anything more about the swords, or perhaps have access to some of his research?” Rhaine inquired.He shook his head again. “As far as I know, the Jerro family moved away from Neverwinter, and I have no idea where they are now. But any information remaining about the subject would surely be with them or in Ammon’s Haven.”“Ammon had a ‘Haven’? Where is it?”“I do not know,” the sage replied with a shrug. “But perhaps you could find out at the Neverwinter Archives, here in Blacklake. They keep such records on noble families, although not just anyone could access such information. Normally, you would have to petition, and that could take weeks. But I have an idea: ask the guards to let you speak directly to the Archives Administrator. He should let you in, if you tell him I sent you.”Rhaine nodded realizing what her next step must be. “Very well. Thank you so much for your time, Aldanon. You have provided us with a considerable amount of useful information. I shall take my leave, now, and leave you in peace.”“Of course, of course!” he said, giving the shards back to her in a velvet pouch. “Any time. And here, take my shard as well. I have no need for it, and you never know when you might.”She smiled. “Thank you again, Aldanon, and farewell.”------------------------------------------------------“Interesting… there is another Jerro. Zeeaire will want her. I shall take care of this descendant. You stay here and burn all mention of the thief.”Suddenly, a scarlet-haired woman burst into the locked archives room, her green eyes ablaze with fury. He had met this one before - in that swamp village, after he had slain the mage whelp.“The Kalach-cha! Kill her!” the githyanki commanded his followers, before vanishing in a shower of magical sparks.------------------------------------------------------The floor of the Neverwinter Archives ran red with the blood of the slain archivists and the githyanki invaders. Countless leafs of shredded papers littered the floor as well, making a parchment ring around a podium in the center of the room.“I can’t believe those githyanki killed everyone,” Grobnar said breathlessly, re-slinging his shortbow across his shoulders. His voice resonated throughout the empty archives building, the stones echoing his shock at the scene before them.“We should look through these records. I have a feeling that the githyanki were looking for the same thing we are,” Casavir stated, kneeling to examine some of the fallen parchment more closely.Rhaine wordlessly nodded, sheathing Touch of Death. “Come on… let’s search for anything that mentions the Jerros.”It was only after a few moments of leafing through a book on the podium that she found it… the last living descendant of Ammon Jerro.“Shandra?” Neeshka asked in disbelief as she peered over Rhaine’s shoulder. “The Highcliff farm girl with the flammable barn?”Rhaine remembered Shandra well; she lived alone on a farm on the outskirts of Highcliff. Shandra had helped them locate the resident lizardfolk tribe when the creatures had been Hells-bent on sinking every ship leaving Highcliff’s port, severely delaying their departure for Neverwinter. Unfortunately, their discussion had sufficiently distracted the farmer long enough for the lizardlings to torch her barn – and the entire year’s harvest within. Rhaine didn’t expect her to be too happy to see them….“Shandra, you say? We’ll need to leave now. There’s no telling what those githyanki will do to her if we don’t reach her first,” Khelgar urged worriedly.Thus, Rhaine and her companions departed Neverwinter immediately and headed southward, hoping against hope they would reach Highcliff before the githyanki did.------------------------------------------------------“Hmm,” Khelgar began as they cautiously approached Shandra’s farmhouse, “looks pretty quiet. Maybe we got here before-”Shandra’s wiry form suddenly went dashing across her fallow field, sandy hair flying as she ran from a half-dozen githyanki warriors on her heels.“There she is! Capture her!” one of her pursuers shouted. “Zeeaire wants her alive!”The dwarf sighed heavily, readying his axe. “Spoke too soon…”One of the gith halted abruptly upon spying Rhaine out of the corner of his eye. “And the Kalach-cha is within our reach as well, my brothers! You three, help me kill the thief. The rest of you get the girl!”He then continued racing after Shandra while his minions intercepted Rhaine and her companions. The Doomguide shouted an invocation to the sky, calling down a column of flame that engulfed the githyanki in a blinding divine inferno. While the gith were burning to a crisp, her companions quickly finished them off.“Come on! Quickly!” Rhaine yelled once certain those foes were down, sprinting for the farmhouse to save Shandra.The friends followed close on her heels . The rest of the gith were searching the house; having split up, they were easy to corner and kill. Somehow, though, it didn’t feel like the fight was over. Rhaine ordered her companions to be wary as they checked every room, calling Shandra’s name and urging her to come out. At last, they found the farmer cowering next to a dresser in her bedroom, a crude club in hand to defend herself.“What in the Nine Hells-” she began, but then glanced up at Rhaine, eyes widening in recognition. “You! What are you doing here? What do you want with me?”“Shandra, you need to come with us. You’re in… oh no,” the Doomguide started, suddenly spotting dark smoke billowing from the corner of the room.“That’s… that’s my house! First my barn, now my house!?” Shandra shrieked, tearing at her hair. “Why can’t you people just leave me alone!”“We’re trying to help you!” Neeshka cried, stamping her foot in equal frustration.“We need to get out of here!” Elanee shouted in warning as the flames began consuming the house like dry tinder.Shandra wordlessly ran from them, followed closely by Rhaine and her comrades. More githyanki were waiting to ambush them outside, of course, but they fell easily to the companions’ weapons. Once their adversaries were finally slain, the company simply stood and watched as Shandra’s home burnt to ash within minutes.Neeshka exchanged glances with Elanee. “This is a little too familiar, don’t you think?”The druidess simply nodded, a grim expression on her face.“So,” Shandra finally spat, spinning around to accost them. “My barn and my house are both burned to the ground thanks to you. Any more of your ‘help’ and all of Highcliff will be next. I think it is best that you go your way and I go mine.”“But wait a second,” Grobnar objected with finger raised. “We just rescued you!”“Look, I don’t know much about you people at all,” Shandra hissed, “but what I do know is that wherever you go, trouble isn’t far behind. I think we should just part ways now and leave it at that.”At that, she turned on her heels to leave her property and head to Highcliff village when five more githyanki emerged from over a hill, brandishing claymores.Rhaine was beginning to get very angry. She brought her power forth again with a snarled incantation, and a bright golden light shot forth from sky, barreling towards the gith and slamming into them like a divine fist. Grobnar was able to shoot them, then, as they were dazed from the celestial light. Elanee also cast an entanglement charm, causing the roots of the land itself to reach up and grasp the githyanki by the ankles so they could not move, and Casavir easily dispatched those who didn’t fall to the gnome’s arrows.Afterwards, the companions formed a circle around Shandra, arms akimbo as they watched her. Rhaine’s eyebrow rose critically at the farmer. “What was that about parting ways?”Shandra turned around slowly, her face reddening in sheepishness. “Um… thanks. I guess I should stick with you after all.”“We’re here to help you, Shandra. All right?” Rhaine insisted. “That was our purpose from the start.”“Our leader speaks true,” Casavir added gently. “It is not our objective to cause more trouble for you.”The farmer looked back and forth between all of them. “Well… you could have killed me already, I’ll admit that… and you’ve destroyed everything else of mine, so… do you know anywhere safe we can go to talk?”Rhaine nodded. “Neverwinter. My uncle has an inn called the Sunken Flagon. We base ourselves there.”“Neverwinter!?” Shandra exclaimed, her eyebrows hitting her hairline. “The only safe place you can think of is in Neverwinter?”There were several nods of agreement from the friends.“Fine,” she said at length with another heavy sigh, putting her head in her hand and rubbing her temples with her thumb and forefinger. “When do we leave?”“Now.”------------------------------------------------------When the companions wearily returned to the Flagon at last, Duncan greeted them with concern in his eyes.“What in the hells happened to all of you?” he asked, his gaze settling on Rhaine.“This is Shandra,” the Doomguide replied, gesturing to the farmer who lingered cautiously in the doorway. “We’ve rescued her from several githyanki attacks. We were wondering if you could provide her some hospitality after she lost her house to them.”“Oh yes!” Duncan said eagerly, beckoning to her. “Please lass, come in! Make yourself at home. This here’s the Sunken Flagon. I own it. You’ll be safe and sound here. Always ready to help a damsel in distress, we are. Grobnar!” he called to the gnome. “Play a tune or something to make the lady feel at home.”“Of course!” the bard began excitedly, “I was just thinking…”“Look,” Duncan growled, “we don’t need a lecture on what passes through your head and out your mouth. Just play!”Shandra watched Duncan with skepticism, glancing to Rhaine. “Well, the innkeeper certainly runs hot and cold…”The Doomguide grinned. “Don’t worry, that’s my Uncle Duncan. You can trust him.”As the friends took their seats around the common room with groans of pain and exhaustion and the rattle of armor, Sal brought them all warm mugs of cider. They sat and sipped their drinks for a few moments in silence, before Shandra finally spoke.“So, maybe you all had better tell me what it is you want from me, now.”“Well,” Rhaine replied slowly, gazing into her tankard, “it’s a little less about what you know and more about what Ammon Jerro knew. The githyanki are after his research, and we need to get to it before they do.”“‘Ammon Jerro’?” she repeated. “He was my grandfather. Or was it my great-grandfather? Or my great-great-grandfather…? Anyway, my mother told me he was an eccentric but humble wizard. I only knew him as a babe. She said he would cradle me and sing to me… and I would pull out his beard hairs.”“Just keep your distance from me, lass,” Khelgar warned, draining his mug in one gulp. Everyone dissolved into chuckles.“We’ve heard that he had some sort of ‘Haven’,” Rhaine continued after a moment. “Do you know anything about that?”“My mother used to scare me with stories about the Haven,” Shandra said quietly, glancing away. “She always threatened to lock me in there if I wasn’t a good girl. She said it was like a maze, or a labyrinth of some sort, with devils and demons conjured from the Abyss.”“Do you know how to get in?”“Well,” the farmer began, “mother said that there are trials you have to pass, and even after you solve those, you have to shed blood to enter. And not just any blood will do. It has to be a fresh pint of Jerro blood… wait,” she stopped suddenly, eyes widening, “is that why you ‘rescued’ me? So you can bleed me?” Shandra’s cup fell out of her hands, spilling cider all over the floor. Qara stared daggers through her.Rhaine put her head in her hands while Casavir tried to placate the frightened woman, “That was not our intention, Shandra. Please, hear us out.”“Oh, sorry,” she replied with a blush rising in her cheeks. “I guess I overreacted a bit.”“A little paladin charm sure calmed her quick,” Neeshka whispered, waggling her eyebrows as she grinned.“But if you think you’re going to make me go to a place that used to give me nightmares as a child, forget it!” Shandra continued firmly. “And besides, a pint of blood? That’s a little much.”Rhaine shook her head. “Your mother was probably exaggerating about the whole thing. It seems to me that if Ammon Jerro was a ‘humble but eccentric’ wizard, as you say, then his Haven is likely nothing to fear.”“Well, I never really thought about it like that, but now that you put it that way, I guess you’re right,” Shandra replied before she stood abruptly, tossing her hands skywards. “Look, I can barely think, let alone stand. I need to get some sleep. We can talk about this more tomorrow.”“Agreed,” said Casavir with a nod, “we should retire. We could all use the rest.”Duncan then designated a room for Shandra, and they all went to their respective chambers for the night. Rhaine could hear Khelgar’s distinctive snores through the wall not ten minutes after they had extinguished their lights.At least someone among them could get some respite…As for herself, she remained awake for several hours, thinking about the silver shards and Ammon Jerro’s Haven. She hadn’t even bothered to take off her armor, lying with her hands behind her head and staring at the ceiling. They needed to find out how this silver sword was broken, and she was sure that the Haven would provide that information. And yet, there was always this niggling thought in the back of her mind: Why don’t I just give up the shards to the gith and be done with it?Her lips pressed together. Because the Sword Stalkers wouldn’t stop at that and she knew it. And in their unceasing search for these pieces of metal, they had murdered many innocents – something that they had yet to answer for. Furthermore, she was determined to find out what the connection was between her, her mother, and a broken githyanki silver sword.And if neither Daeghun nor Duncan would tell her, then she would have to find out on her own.

“Alarm! Alarm!”Rhaine shot straight up in bed as Duncan’s panicked voice resonated down the hallway.“Everybody out of bed and grab a weapon! The Flagon’s under attack!”Her hand flew to her sword, the blade ringing as she drew it from its scabbard and jumped to her feet in one fluid movement. Brief flashbacks of the attack on West Harbor filled her mind, and a boiling fury coursed through her veins.

The Doomguide emerged from her chamber just in time to see two githyanki headed straight for her. They wielded massive claymores as they charged.“The Kalach-cha! Kill her!”Rhaine let her rage fuel her power. “Kelemvor! Lend me your strength!”Instantly, her body filled with a burning energy, coursing down her limbs and steeling her swordarm. As the githyanki quickly closed in on her, she whirled, Touch of Death slicing the head clean from the shoulders of one. The other brought his weapon down in a viciously-swift overhanded arc, but Rhaine sidestepped the blow and plunged the sword deep into his chest, ultimately thrusting his sputtering corpse off of the blade with her foot.She paused briefly, heart pounding with adrenaline, and she could hear the sounds of combat throughout the inn. Just ahead of her, a shirtless Casavir stood back to back with Duncan, battling two more of the persistent githyanki. The paladin had managed to grab his hammer and shield, but Duncan was armed only with a small dagger. The half-elf was not faring well, having already taken a deep wound to his left arm that left blood trickling from his fingertips.Focusing, Rhaine channeled her power into a ray of divine light that struck the gith in the eye, blinding him. It was just the advantage Duncan needed, and the innkeeper savagely slashed the dagger across his dazed opponent’s throat. At roughly the same time, Casavir managed to land a crushing blow atop his foe’s head, the gith’s skull splitting open as he fell.The threesome then wordlessly dashed down the corridor and into the common room, where the rest of Rhaine’s companions were clashing with at least a half-dozen more githyanki warriors. Neeshka, clad in only her underclothes, had actually leapt onto the back of one of the gith and was stabbing him repeatedly in the shoulders and neck. A similarly vulnerable Elanee deftly blocked the swift shortsword of another with her spear, her pet badger gnawing at his ankles. Grobnar and Qara, both garbed in frilly nightgowns, held off yet another with their spells. Khelgar, shirtless like Casavir, dodged the blows of two githkanki at once, desperately pummeling at their knees with his fists.All were dangerously exposed.Casavir and Duncan sprinted to Khelgar’s aid while Rhaine struggled to decide what spell to cast; it was said that even the simplest magics of a priest or priestess could turn the tides of war. Praying that she was making the right move, she cast a simple blessing, soothing golden light washing over the room and the forms of her friends.As if all of the githyanki decided to up and die at once, they fell to the floor simultaneously, defeated at once by the empowered companions. In the eerie silence that followed, Rhaine’s comrades each looked one to the other, gasping for breath. Almost every one of them bore wounds from the fight, from simple scratches to deep gashes. Elanee, Casavir, and Rhaine immediately began tending to those injured, whilst the dark man who had always lingered in the corners of the inn emerged from the shadows, bow in hand.“How in the hells did those githyanki get into the city?” Duncan demanded, wincing as Casavir’s spell sealed his wound.“Does that matter?” the man hissed. “You’d best be getting after them if you want to catch up with them and your farmgirl.”“What?” Rhaine glanced up from tending to Grobnar, her brows lifted in surprise. “They took Shandra?”“Gods’ blood!” Khelgar cursed. “When will this end?”The man bent and plucked a twig from the foot wrappings of one of the gith warriors. “Look. This one’s got a piece of Duskwood on his sole, which means they came from deep within Luskan territory. That’s where they’ll be heading back to with your silly damsel.”“Luskan? That’s your territory Bishop,” Duncan remarked, arms crossed atop his chest, “and if that’s the case, they’ll need a guide; what better guide than one who knows that area all too well?”“I’m not helping them, if that’s what you’re suggesting,” Bishop replied matter-of-factly. “I couldn’t give a rat’s-”“You’ll help them, Bishop,” Duncan said firmly, “whether you like it or not.”“And what makes you think…?” Bishop started with a snarl, before his brow suddenly rose in apparent realization. There was a long silence between the two men as they stared each other down.“Calling it due, are you, Duncan?” The ranger’s visage bore a haughty expression now, one that Rhaine didn’t like. “You sure?”“If that’s what it takes for you to do the right thing, Bishop, then yes,” Duncan answered with a nod, arms still crossed.“Hah!” Bishop’s look morphed into one of triumph. “It’ll be worth it to be rid of you, then. And for such a small price, too.”“So be it,” Duncan spat.Rhaine watched their exchange with concern. What was this deal they seemed to have made between each other?  And why was Duncan associating with a man of Illusk, of all people? Neverwinter had just been recovering from an all-out war with Luskan. All this time, he had been harboring one in his inn? Why?“All right,” the ranger addressed all those present with a louder voice and clapped his hands together as if to summon servants. “Everyone, pack your bags – we’re headed for the Luskan border. Follow my lead, don’t try to be clever, and you may just make it back alive.”No one moved. Heavy silence permeated the common room as they glared at Bishop with hard eyes.Rhaine walked up to the ranger, staring him in the face. “You’re not one to be giving orders. We leave when I say to leave, and not before.”“Fine,” he said, backing a step from her and shrugging indifferently. “Have it your way. But every second you waste in this tavern, your farmgirl gets that much farther out of reach. At least we’ll all know to blame Miss Holier-Than-Thou if she dies.”At that, the Doomguide struggled to hold her temper. She whirled to her companions, eyes flashing. “Take what you need for the trip and arm yourselves, all of you. I want everyone ready to go in ten minutes,” she pointedly returned her gaze to Bishop, “after that, we’re heading out.”“Qara!” Duncan then motioned for the sorceress. “You’re released from your debt. If you want to go with them, go.”Her face bore a distinctly smug expression. “Of course I want to go! Not that I care about the stupid farmer, mind you… but I’ll make sure those githyanki pay for crossing me.”As Rhaine returned to her room to don her pack and quickly run a comb through her tangled hair, she couldn’t help but feel that things were taking a sudden turn for the worst. She didn’t trust Bishop any more than she could throw him, and Qara was going to be more of a liability than an asset.But she didn’t exactly seem to have a choice in the matter.------------------------------------------------------They approached the village of Ember, a small town in the foothills north of Neverwinter. Dusk was falling upon the town, illuminating it in a soft amber glow. Bishop walked carefully ahead of them, his eyes constantly scanning their surroundings. Despite her obvious dislike of the ranger, Rhaine had to admit he was good at what he did.Suddenly, he held up a hand to stop them. “Hold on. Something’s not right.”He took a few more steps, peering at the village with squinted eyes as if to discern some secret. Rhaine cast her gaze over the town as well and a sense of alarm overcame her. It was empty. No villagers, no livestock, no… nothing. There was a pervading silence in the area that was more than a little disconcerting.“No townsfolk and no livestock,” Rhaine murmured.Bishop drew his bow and nocked an arrow. “Keep your eyes peeled – I smell an ambush.”They moved forward slowly, then, scanning the buildings as they went. As soon as they reached the well at the center of the village, the doors to the houses opened, and fifteen githyanki jumped from the shadows. It was a tough fight, and no sooner than the group had fended off those foes, a band of ten more warriors joined the fray.At last, however, after much expending of energy and powers, the final gith fell. Several of the companions knelt to rest, Rhaine included, breathless after such an intense fight.Bishop leaned against the well for support. “They left a large force here… which means there will be less to deal with later on. Good. But it also means they’re moving faster.”“We should check on the villagers,” Rhaine added after a few moments, standing once more, “see if they’re all right.”“That’s a sound idea,” Khelgar approved.“Agreed.” Casavir nodded. “There could be wounded amongst them.”“And why should we care, exactly?” Bishop asked with brow furrowed. “It’s a waste of time. They let themselves be manipulated by the githyanki, so we should let them rot.”“We’re the reason the gith were here, in case you haven’t noticed,” Rhaine retorted.“No, the villagers are the reason the gith were here,” Bishop quipped with a snort. “Tell me you aren’t as stupid as you sound? You’re from West Harbor. Duncan told me what happened there. Do you think your village would have stood a chance if you all had cowered in your homes?”“This isn’t West Harbor,” Casavir said firmly. “And it isn’t the same situation. The villagers here are not veterans.”“Why don’t you let Rhaine speak for herself, hmm?” Bishop snarled.“It was not my intention to speak for her.”“Yeah, then don’t, and maybe next time you’ll sound convincing.”“Enough!” Rhaine hissed, her hand slicing the air to silence their useless bickering.“Right. Now that we’re done wasting our time, let’s get-” Bishop began, but was cut off as a woman ran towards them from a nearby home, causing them all to glance her way in surprise.“Excuse me,” she started, her voice unsteady as she came to a halt a few paces away, “are you hunting Shandra Jerro?”“Yes,” Rhaine answered with an affirming nod. “Do you know where she was taken?”“We heard her screaming as they drug her through the village,” the woman explained, her brown eyes wide as she pointed to the road ahead. “They took her to the northeast, into the mountains, and they barely have an hour’s lead on you. Please… you must stop them!”“We will save her,” Rhaine reassured her gently. “That is a promise.”“You have our word,” Casavir added. “We will do everything in our power to ensure her-”“We make no such promises,” Bishop interrupted. “In fact, she could already be dead. So why don’t you go back to your house and hide with the rest of your kin?”Rhaine glared at the ranger, and then turned back to the astonished woman. “Forgive him. It takes a dog to hunt dogs.”A wicked grin spread across Bishop’s face at her words. “I think I’m going to enjoy this little journey of ours. Now let’s get moving before more dumb pups get in the way.”At that, they began to leave the village, heading northwards along a simple dirt path, when a young boy stopped them at the outskirts. He was small and frail, with large eyes and pale skin. He couldn’t have been older than ten summers.“You,” he said softly, pointing to Rhaine. “You are the one who will destroy Ember.”“What?” the Doomguide’s eyes narrowed, and she shook her head in denial. “No… I mean this village no harm…”“Wait,” the boy continued, his gaze suddenly distant, “it only appears to be you. Regardless, Ember shall fall, and I shall be the sole survivor… but only if you allow me to take an item from your group.”Understanding washed over her. This child was a seer, blessed by the gods – or perhaps cursed – with the gift of foresight. His statement about her greatly unnerved her, but Rhaine slowly removed her pack, instructing the others to do the same. “Very well. You may look through my things. See if there is anything you need.”One by one, he went through their bags, but he took nothing from them. Finally, only Bishop remained, who had refused to remove his bag from his shoulder.“Bishop,” Rhaine said in a warning tone. “Let him look.”“No.”In a flash, the point of Touch of Death was at the belligerent ranger’s throat. “I have had enough of your nonsense this day. Open your pack for the boy. Now.”“Fine,” he acquiesced with a hissing sigh, unslinging his bag and forcefully opening it, “but touch anything and you’ll lose fingers. Understand?”It was only a moment before the boy pointed at the ranger’s knife. “Your dagger. That is what shall ensure my survival.”“That old thing?” Bishop asked skeptically, “It’s just my hunting knife.”“Give him the dagger, Bishop,” Elanee insisted.“And why should I?”Touch of Death pressed into his flesh, almost enough to draw blood. “Because it’s the right thing to do.”The ranger stared down the silvery blade at Rhaine, a smirk on his lips as his eyes locked with hers. They stared at each other long and hard before he finally relented.“Thank you,” the boy said, taking the knife, “we will meet again soon. Of that I am sure.”------------------------------------------------------They finally reached the mouth of a cave on the slopes of Mount Hotenow. It took a minute for the company’s eyes to adjust to the dim lighting inside… but once they did, they saw a host of githyanki waiting for them.And their leader Rhaine recognized instantly as the one who slew Amie.The Doomguide drew her sword, snarling at the gith. “You.”He grinned back at her, revealing a set of fang-like teeth that glittered in the torchlight. “Zeeaire has foretold your coming, Kalach-cha. She has granted me the privilege of ending you.”“Give me your best shot. I’m begging you,” she sneered, her eyes glowing with power. “I’m going to send you straight to the Hells where you belong.”The comrades and the Sword Stalkers then clashed with a terrifying wrath. For the next few seconds, there was nothing but the continuous sound of steel against steel, clashing and echoing throughout the caverns. Everywhere Touch of Death swung, the gith’s shining katana met it, sparks occasionally flying from the two blades.Grobnar and Bishop attempted to pick the enemies off with their arrows, but had a tough time getting clear shots for the melee fighters. Elanee managed to freeze the githyanki in place with her signature entanglement charm, but not before a crossbow bolt struck the elf in the shoulder. She was momentarily removed from the fighting as she ripped the bolt out of herself with a pained grunt and sealed the wound with a healing spell. Qara retaliated by raining fireballs on the gith archers, scorching them in their scale-mail armor. The smell of burning flesh and hair filled the cavern with a sickening odor.Khelgar and Casavir faced the others in violent melee, both suffering wounds as the gith surrounded them; they were unable to maintain their defenses against so many opponents. Neeshka had maneuvered to the rear of the githyanki, attempting to stab the foes in their backs, but she was struggling to find openings in their armor. And in the midst of this tangle of warriors, Rhaine dueled the leader in a deadly dance of blades.Finally, the Doomguide spied an opening in the Sword Stalker’s defenses, and she wasted no time taking advantage of it. With a feint to the left, she caused him to overreach. She followed with a backhanded slash that opened his abdomen with a spray of crimson blood. Thrusting upwards into the gith as he stumbled forward, she lifted him off of his feet in her adrenaline-fueled state and buried the blade to the hilt in his chest.With the death of their leader, the rest of the gith seemed to falter, and it was the opportunity the companions needed to finish the job. Elanee and Grobnar summoned a pair of Dire boars, then joined the melee. Finally, after several more minutes of heated battle, it was over at last. At least for now.They were all drenched in blood from head to toe, some of it their own, but most of it belonging to the githyanki. In the pervasive silence, the only sound her labored breath, Rhaine sank to her knees beside the leader’s body, leaning on Touch of Death so heavily that its point buried itself an inch into the soft cave floor.Thank you for this revenge, my lord.------------------------------------------------------After a few hours’ worth of rest, cleaning, and healing, they decided to press further into the caves. Rhaine wanted to meet with this “Zeeaire” that the gith kept mentioning. She had a feeling that it was this one who had orchestrated all of the attacks on her and her friends, and the priestess was determined to deliver justice.Suddenly, though, as they rounded a corner in the tunnels, Bishop held up a hand. They stopped and crouched low, watching the cavern ahead with breath held. There, two winged succubi stood in front of a frightening metal construct, its arms made from gigantic blades – although it appeared to be deactivated, broken, or both. Dead githyanki littered the floor behind them. It was a familiar scene – a similar construct had torn into what had also been githyanki back in the Merchant Quarter before being driven through a portal...“Demons,” Casavir whispered. “There is another player in this game.”They continued watching as the succubi began tearing at the construct. Seeing this as a good opportunity to attack, the companions leaped forward. Rhaine and Casavir, immune to the succubi’s seductive magics, faced them head on, slaying both demons in seconds and allowing the group to proceed without fear.It was then that Grobnar approached the broken construct with a slack-jawed expression on his face, his tiny form barely reaching the thing’s knees. He stroked the metal, and his whole body shuddered.“My word,” he whispered, evidently almost entranced at what he saw before him. “Isn’t it marvelous? Beautiful? Wondrous? I’ve never seen anything like it…”“Well, if it wasn’t on the side of the gith or the demons, that makes three opposing factions in this cavern,” Bishop stated, irritation evident in his tone.“Can we keep him?” Grobnar turned and gazed up at Rhaine pleadingly, looking not unlike a begging child.“Someone twisted the ore into this form,” Elanee remarked with distaste. “It is not natural and quite possibly lethal to all of us.”“It’s a golem, not an ogre,” Qara quipped. “It isn’t like it has a mind of its own. And it’s obviously broken.”“Grobnar,” Rhaine said at length, choosing her words carefully, “we don’t exactly have a place to put it right now. I’m glad you find it fascinating, but it will have to stay here until we can find a suitable location for you to work on it.”“Oh,” the gnome replied dejectedly, face falling. “Well… you’re right, I guess.”As the group continued down another winding corridor, he glanced back over his shoulder once, sniffled, and waved. “Goodbye, construct.”------------------------------------------------------“These are Illefarn ruins,” Elanee whispered.They had entered a chamber at the end of a winding tunnel and found themselves inside an ancient stone structure of some sort. Just ahead, three more succubi surrounded another strange creature that had been trapped in a binding circle, attempting to seduce him with their wiles.“And that is a Pit Fiend,” Casavir murmured, “a greater devil of Baator. Take care… his kind are powerful and manipulative.”“Not so powerful if he got himself stuck in a summoning circle,” Qara said at full volume, making Rhaine sigh heavily.The succubi, on hearing the sorceress’s voice, whirled to face them.“Thanks a lot, fire-hair,” Neeshka hissed as she leapt into action, daggers in hand.Once again, the demons fell to the holy warriors’ weapons fairly easily. All the while, the Pit Fiend watched with a slightly bemused expression on his face. He could almost have been taken for an elf, had it not been for his leathery blue skin and brilliant orange eyes. Behind him, the only corridor that led farther into the ruin was blocked from wall to wall by a shining magical barrier. The company approached him carefully once the succubi were dispatched. He simply grinned at them, the sight of his fang-like teeth rather unnerving…“You have done me a service by slaying those tanar’ri. I would wish to aid you in return for such actions, if you would allow me,” he said.“I’m sure your request has a great many catches,” Rhaine answered, eyebrow raised critically, “but I have precious little patience for such things.”“Ah,” he replied, dipping his head in acknowledgment, “diplomatic as well, it seems. I, too, have little patience for the ways of my lesser brethren, so I shall be brief. Yes, what I do will be beneficial to us both. But it will also require an additional favor on your part.“This barrier behind me blocks passage to your goal. I am bound here to maintain it. To remove the barrier, all you need to do is speak my True Name and banish me from this plane. This will both advance you and free me from my enslavement.”Rhaine glanced at the barrier. “It is an interdimensional object, is it not? Wouldn’t another item of the same substance destroy it upon contact?”The devil nodded. “Yes, it would. But you possess no such thing, and so you must resort to banishing me.”She sighed, mulling over the decision. True, releasing him would unleash a powerful evil back onto the planes. But she needed to get past that barrier. And devils, unlike demons, were bound by the laws of the planes. They had some system of honor, regardless of their malevolent ways.“Did a woman named Shandra pass through here?” she asked, deciding to take advantage of his imprisonment in order to obtain more information about the situation.“Yes, led by githyanki warriors.”“What do they plan to do to her?”He sighed heavily. “They wish to sift through her thoughts for whatever information they need. They will ravage through her memories until nothing remains, and then they will sacrifice her.”“And this Zeeaire, is she beyond?”He nodded again. “She is indeed. Along with a Hezrou demon named Zaxis. He is attempting to reach her and take the shards that she possesses – shards like the ones I sense you carry, on the command of his master.”“Wait,” Rhaine queried, “how did Zaxis get past the barrier?”“It was not here when he arrived,” the devil replied simply. “I was bound here by the githyanki. Zaxis killed my summoner and thus gained control over me. It was Zaxis who commanded me to raise the barrier.”“Has he reached Zeeaire yet?” she asked.“No. And his frustration grows. Take care with him. He is mighty, and his anger fuels his strength.”She nodded her understanding. “Very well. Tell me your True Name. I shall banish you, but” she held up a finger, “only if you honor your end of the bargain in thought and deed.”He seemed to steel himself, and for good reason. The surrender of one’s True Name meant the knower could have total control over that being. Most mortals never even knew their own True Names.“Of course. I am bound by laws, as you well know. My True Name is Mephasm.”Rhaine then looked the devil in straight in the eyes, “Mephasm, I command you to be banished from this plane.”The barrier flickered, crackled, and then snapped into the form of a sphere, which the devil then caught as it flew towards him. He extended it to Rhaine, “You see? What a simple little thing – that’s all it is. An interdimensional sphere. Hold on to it; you shall need it soon, I’d wager.”Flames suddenly engulfed his body, and he smiled eerily once again, “And now, to the Hells. We shall meet again, mortal.”With that, Mephasm vanished.------------------------------------------------------Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!“Open up, little fleshlings! Zaxis comes to feast on your souls!”Zaxis the Hezrou demon was pounding away on a chamber door ahead of them. A hulking mound of ten-foot-tall, sickly grey flesh, he had clawed fists the size of boars and just as nasty. An aura of green smoke surrounded him, smelling of sulfur even as far away as the group stood from him.He turned on hearing their footsteps. “What? More flies come to harass Zaxis? It matters not. Zaxis will soon devour all of you, as soon as Zaxis opens this door.”“Well, looks like Zaxis has lost the fight already, hasn’t Zaxis?” Neeshka mocked, her tail twitching in mischief.“No! Zaxis has not lost! Zaxis has run into a barrier is all.”Suddenly, Rhaine struck with an idea. If the demon’s task was to get to Zeeaire, he had already failed… and a demon failing his task resulted in his banishment back to the Abyss to be tortured for his lack of success…“But if you can’t open the door,” the Doomguide began slowly, “you have indeed failed your master, haven’t you?” She then winked at Neeshka, hoping the clever rogue would pick up on her suggestion.The tiefling took the cue with a grin. “She’s right, you know. It’s all over for you. You’re a big… fat… failure.”Zaxis growled in anger, taking a giant step towards them. But then the floor began to shake and split open beneath him, glowing a malevolent red-orange.“Nooooo! Zaxis has not failed! Zaxis has not-”His screams of protest were silenced as his form was promptly swallowed into the earth, falling into the depths of the Abyss before the stones sealed back over him.In the aftermath, Neeshka positively cackled, her laughter ringing on the halls. “That was amazing!”“Aye, but the fight isn’t over yet, fiendling,” Khelgar warned, motioning to the door that had just been opened and was beckoning them all to come forth…------------------------------------------------------The companions entered the room. There, standing in the center of a spherical portal, was Zeeaire herself. The githyanki was surrounded by a dozen warriors of her race, all ready to pounce on them. Behind her, trapped in a steel cage, was Shandra – alive, much to Rhaine’s relief.Zeeaire was like all githyanki, with her tight and leathery grey-green skin. But she had far more delicate facial features than the males of her race. Her dark hair was pulled into a twist at the back of her head, decorated by an elaborate feathered headdress. In one hand, she held a menacing claymore.She smiled at Rhaine wickedly. “These demons were unanticipated, but your arrival was not. I have seen it burning brightly in my visions for quite some time. How long did you think you could escape our wrath, Kalach-cha? You have stolen our silver shards, corrupted them by touching them with your unholy hands, and now you will die for that crime.”“You have murdered many innocents and kidnapped a woman,” Rhaine retorted, “and you will answer for that crime.”“Trust me,” Shandra shouted from her cage, “once Rhaine gets on your trail, you’re doomed!”“My offer of mercy is this,” Zeeaire continued, ignoring the interjections, “hand over the shards, and you and your companions will receive a quick death.”“Funny,” Rhaine replied, readying her weapon. “I was just about to offer you the same thing.”Suddenly, though, Rhaine felt her body lifted from the floor of the room, as if picked up by an invisible, giant hand. She struggled to right herself and return to her feet, but to no avail, and panic filled her as her companions shouted their alarm. A whistling sound then filled the air as the shards ripped themselves out of the pouch at her belt and landed squarely in Zeeaire’s waiting hands.“Fool!” the gith laughed wickedly. “Did you think you could keep such relics of our people? They do not belong to you!”A burning sensation began to grow steadily in her chest, as if her very heart were on fire. With every quickened pulse, a metallic throb coursed through her veins, singing in her blood…“Odd,” Zeeaire muttered curiously. “I have all the shards you carried… and yet you still possess one.”The gith clenched her fist and Rhaine cried out in pain as the agonizing burning intensified tenfold. It felt as if something was trying to tear right through her sternum…“You have a piece of the sword inside of you.”A pale blue glow manifested above Rhaine’s breastplate as Zeeaire’s magic tugged the shard yet within her.What in the Nine Hells?“And I shall take it from you by force!” Zeeaire shouted, hefting her claymore. “Slay the Kalach-cha!”The room erupted into combat. Spells were slung everywhere, by Elanee, Grobnar, Qara, and Zeeaire, bright flashes of light nearly blinding her. Casavir, Khelgar, and Neeshka yelled battle cries as they flew headlong into melee, trying to keep the gith from the weakened Doomguide. Rhaine was dropped unceremoniously on the floor, gasping in pain, her chest aching and burning. She glanced at the sphere she still clutched in her offhand, and then at the portal. As long as it remained intact, Zeeaire was untouchable.And then it dawned on her.It was interdimensional.Offering a fleeting prayer to Kelemvor, Rhaine then hurled the sphere at the portal with all her strength. Time seemed to slow as it sailed through the air, inches from the edge of a githyanki sword, avoiding a magical icicle by mere centimeters…The portal exploded on contact, and everyone in the room was plastered against all four walls. Zeeaire screeched as her only protection was destroyed. “Noooo! The portal! Without it-”But she was drowned out as the battle resumed. Rhaine and Zeeaire locked eyes, charging at each other with roars of hatred. Their duel was three times as intense as the one with the Sword Stalker had been. Claymore and bastard sword sang through the air, coming together so forcefully that blue sparks flew upon every impact. Rhaine completely blocked out everyone and everything but Zeeaire, trusting her friends to watch her back and help each other as she focused on bringing down her personal enemy.Sheer adrenaline had eliminated any pain for the time being, and Rhaine began silently casting spells as she fought, drawing upon her newfound energy. Red magic leapt from the Doomguide’s hands and onto the gith, lacerating the leathery skin until dozens of crimson rivulets trickled down her body. Zeeaire enjoyed no such advantage; her spells were all cast with verbal components, and thus Rhaine always knew when one was coming. The gith attempted to cast a dazing charm on her, but the priestess shrugged off the magic with ease, her anger steeling her mind against the effects of the spell.To anyone who watched, they would have thought the two were in a deadly dance routine. Both women moved with alien grace, both of them possessing fearful power, and both of them determined to kill the other then and there. The battle with the remainder of the gith had long subsided, and the companions observed the duel with awed and anxious expressions on their faces. It was obvious some of them wanted to act, but they each realized that this was Rhaine’s fight, not theirs.Finally, Zeeaire’s strength began to fail her. Her sword was too large and too heavy to keep swinging. For every miss of hers, Rhaine landed two strikes with Touch of Death, until the gith collapsed on the floor of the ruin, winded and weakened from pain and blood loss. She dropped her weapon, looking up at the Doomguide, who pressed her blade to the gith’s throat.“You,” Zeeaire rasped. “You think you’ve won? You’ve won nothing, Kalach-cha. The Lich Queen will know of my fall… too late, of course. But what awaits you will be revenge enough for me.”“You brought all of this upon yourself, githyanki,” Rhaine hissed, panting for breath. “We could have resolved this without bloodshed, but you insisted on hunting me, murdering my friends and any innocent in your way. You brutality has cost you your life.”“We were never the ones you had to fear,” Zeeaire continued, her cough rattling with blood. “In challenging our will you have harmed everything on your plane….”Rhaine’s brow furrowed deeply. “What? Explain yourself!”Zeeaire coughed again, gasping for air. “Our people shall strike at you no more. This was the last stronghold devoted to the retrieval of silver swords. And thus, you have sealed your fate, Kalach-cha.”“I don’t understand,” Rhaine hissed. “Speak plainly.”“The shards were needed!” Zeeaire spat. “All were needed! The ones you carry… the one inside you! A great evil rises on this plane, Kalach-cha, and in slaying me, you face it alone!”“What evil? Tell me at once!”Zeeaire merely smiled, her teeth red with her own blood. “I will see you in death, Kalach-cha. I do not think I will have to wait long.”With that, the githyanki slid to the ground, body limp, her eyes closed.There was a long silence as they all looked down at the dead gith. After a moment, Rhaine recovered her shards from Zeeaire’s corpse, along with two more that the gith possessed. She also took a key, which she handed to Neeshka. “Free Shandra.”While the tiefling obeyed her request, Khelgar and Casavir both moved closer to Rhaine. “You all right, lass?” the dwarf asked, concern writ on his face.The paladin, too, watched her with worry. “What Zeeaire did to you… did it harm you?”Rhiane shook her head. “It was painful, but I think I am all right. Thank you both for your concern.”“So now the githyanki are replaced with an unnamed ‘evil’?” Elanee asked. “And you have a piece of a silver sword buried in your chest?”“So it seems,” Rhaine answered, looking to Shandra. Neeshka was helping her out of the cage, letting the farmer lean on her for support. The pair walked up to the priestess, and Shandra sighed heavily. “I’m so tired of you having to rescue me. Somehow, I’m going to have to find a way to pay you back.”“Oh, there’ll be plenty of time to do that on the way home,” Bishop remarked with an evil leer. “I know my bedroll could use some warming.”At that, Casavir stepped between him and Shandra. “I won’t have you talking to her or anyone else that way, Bishop.”“Oh, really? Well, how would you like it if I left you stranded here with Her Holy Highness to keep you company?”“That’s enough!” Rhaine barked sharply. “We’re leaving now.”Once they emerged from the ruins and began making their way back to Neverwinter, Rhaine walked in contemplative silence. She had always had a thin scar on her chest, running down half her sternum, and she had always wondered where exactly it had come from. Daeghun had told her she had fallen on something as a toddler, but now it seemed that was not so.Not at all.------------------------------------------------------“Hey! Welcome back!” Duncan greeted them all cheerfully as the group returned to the Flagon. “And you all made it in one piece, too.”“With a piece inside, more like it,” Rhaine remarked flatly.“Wait, what?” Duncan asked, a surprised expression flickering across his countenance.“There’s a silver shard in my chest, don’t you know?” Her gaze was pointed as she met his.Duncan’s mouth dropped open at her words. “Inside the wound on your chest? How… I mean, what are you talking about?”“Ah,” Bishop said, seating himself on a sofa with a smirk. “Notice the stumble in his words? Uncle’s been keeping secrets.”“Silence, Bishop!” Duncan ordered sharply. He then took Rhaine aside by the arm. “If you’ve got one of those things buried inside you, you have a right to know everything, regardless of how Daeghun feels about it.”“Start talking.”He sighed heavily, glancing away briefly. “We’ve already mentioned it, but when you were young, West Harbor was the site of a terrible battle. The Mere had been consumed by shadows and demons – villages all over were caught unawares. The forces of Neverwinter attempted to drive them back, but to no avail.“Villagers panicked and fled left and right… but your mother, Esmerelle, and Daeghun’s wife, Shayla, stayed behind to save you. They fought to reach your crib. By the time Daeghun realized they were missing, it was too late. West Harbor was overwhelmed.“When the smoke cleared and he returned to the village, no one was left alive – except you. You were clutched to your mother’s bosom, covered in blood, with that horrible wound on your chest. Esmerelle must have tried to shield you from something, but it cut through her and into you. We thought you would die from the injury, but you didn’t; the wound sealed itself within days. You were called a miracle child.“But if that wound was indeed caused by a shard, then that raises many a question,” he finally sighed. “And I’m afraid I’m just all out of answers.”Rhaine nodded, remaining silent for a few moments. So that was why Daeghun resented her so much. He blamed her for the death of his wife, because she and her mother both had tried to rescue her. Had they just left her for dead, they would both still be alive.Two lives sacrificed to save one.“Thank you,” she said finally, swallowing hard. “I know that must have been… difficult… to share.”Duncan placed a comforting hand on her shoulder. “It was good to finally speak of it. Daeghun will probably be furious I told you, but it had to be done. He probably thought it would be too much for you, but you have a right to know the truth, however badly it hurts.”“What’s the matter, you two?” Bishop suddenly said loudly. “Somebody die? If so, sounds like a cause for a celebration.” The ranger tossed an apple at Grobnar, hitting the gnome squarely in the head. “Grobnar, you worthless half-man… strike up a tune before I strike you.”Then, turning his attention to Rhaine, he added, “Just so you know, I’ve decided it would be in your best interest if I stayed on with you.”“And why would you want to do that?” she asked, eyes narrowed suspiciously.“Come now,” he answered mockingly, “does a man need a reason?”“We don’t need any more of your help, Bishop,” Casavir replied bluntly.“You’ve done enough Bishop,” Duncan agreed. “You don’t have to-”“Oh come on, Duncan,” the ranger said, leaning back on the cushions and crossing one ankle atop his other knee. “I still owe you… and besides, a debt is a debt all the way to the end, isn’t that right?”“I hate to say it,” Shandra began tentatively, obviously trying to change the subject, “but what happens to me now? I can’t just go back to my farm… it’s in ruin.”Rhaine thought for a moment. “Well, you could always come with us.”“What?!” Neeshka nearly choked on her ale.“Hasn’t she been through enough, Rhaine?” Elanee asked, brows lifted.The Doomguide shook her head. “She has no home and no means of protection. What better way to safeguard her and pay her back for her troubles than to keep her with us?”“If she’s going to do that, though, she needs some training up,” Khelgar observed. “We can’t just keep rescuing her.”“I can take care of myself, thank you very much!” Shandra retorted. When the group cast skeptical looks in her direction, though, she stammered, “I mean… when there’s not too many lizardfolk… or githyanki…”“So what are your skills?” Rhaine inquired.“I know how to use a sword, and I can handle myself in a fight,” she replied slowly. “I mean, I’m no spellcaster, but if you could use an extra blade…” she trailed.There was a moment of silence as they all thought.“Look,” Shandra said at length, taking Rhaine by the shoulders, “however you want me to fit into this, you can’t leave me behind. Anytime I let you out of my sight, that’s when bad things start happening. We have to stay together, all right?”Rhaine took a breath, and then nodded. “I’ll protect you and stick by you, no matter what happens. That is a promise, Shandra. We didn’t mean for anything to happen to your home, and we’ll try our best to make it up to you.”Shandra smiled, releasing her. “That’s all I ask.”“So,” Bishop interrupted, “the little farmer girl is going to join with us, too? Good. Someone has to make up for the paladin or catch arrows if Grobnar’s already dead. But enough of that. Duncan! Crack open some of these kegs… let us drown the Flagon in wine.”------------------------------------------------------Most of the companions kept to themselves for the rest of the evening, not wanting to socialize after such an eventful tenday. Rhaine, especially, wanted to be left alone. She was particularly disturbed by her newfound knowledge, both about herself and her mother.As she sipped her own wine in a dark corner of the tavern, she immersed herself in her thoughts. So she was a “miracle child” – saved by the merest chance. By all accounts, she should be dead. Did the magic of the shard have something to do with her survival? And why would a silver sword have been broken in the midst of the Battle of West Harbor? Were the githyanki there? And why were demons and shadows involved? She had a feeling that it had something to do with this “King of Shadows” that kept popping up in the story of the battle… this mysterious sorcerer that no one seemed to know anything at all about.And her mother – Esmerelle had stared death in the face to save her child, and Shayla had stood side by side with her. She knew now why Daeghun was so distant and so cold. His wife had died trying to help a child who wasn’t even remotely related to him. But in keeping the circumstances of hers and Esmerelle’s death a secret, he dishonored their memories. All her life Rhaine believed that her mother had died giving birth to her.Why did Daeghun not believe her deserving of the truth?

For the next few days, Rhaine immersed herself in training Shandra so that she could stand on her own in a fight. The farmer was indeed capable enough, if a bit clumsy at times. As they progressed through various routines, it was clear she favored a shortsword: a blade long enough to keep foes at arm’s reach, but light enough to prevent her from tiring too easily during combat. Surprisingly, though, she liked heavier armor; it apparently provided her with a much-desired sense of security, as a full harness of plates was quite difficult to get past with most weapons.Shandra had been in the midst of a sparring session with Neeshka in the common room of the Flagon when a stranger suddenly walked into the inn, pausing at the door as it shut behind him. He was a tall and lean man, his face as chiseled as a statue. His strawberry blonde hair was neatly trimmed and combed, his youthful face was clean-shaven, and his brown eyes were sharp in the lanternlight. A rich blue and grey tunic, belted at the waist, bore the Eye of Neverwinter emblazoned in white upon the breast.“There you are,” he said at length, once he spotted Rhaine sitting across the room at the bar. The Doomguide had perched there, her back to Sal, in order to observe Shandra’s training at a distance, but that ceased immediately upon the man’s entry.Upon being greeted so, Rhaine slid from her seat with caution, brow furrowed. “Do I know you?”“That’s Sir Nevalle of the Neverwinter Nine,” Duncan supplied at her side, leaning against the corner of the bar with one hand, “the bodyguards of Lord Nasher, in case you didn’t know.”“Ah,” she answered with a nod of understanding, greeting the man with a warm smile. “How may I be of service, then?”Nevalle took a breath, hesitating. “I am here because Luskan has accused you of murder… and of an entire village, no less. Have you heard of Ember?”Rhaine’s jaw dropped, her mind reeling. “What? I… I traveled through there. I didn’t kill anyone!”The knight shook his head in dismay, his lips pressed together. “I’ve stepped in things I respect more than I do Luskan,” he growled, “but if we cannot find a way of clearing you of these charges, then we will have to surrender you to them.”Sighing heavily, he crossed his arms and elaborated further, “Neverwinter signed a treaty with Luskan that permits them to dispense low justice to any commoner found committing crimes on their soil. If you were a member of the nobility – a lord, knight, or even just a squire - things would be different. You would be subject to high justice, and your trial would take place in Neverwinter before Lord Nasher.“I’m not about to turn over a loyal Watchwoman on this day or any other,” he said firmly. “I know of a way we can avoid giving you up… and allow us to expose these Luskan lies for what they are.”“So what do you want me to do?” Rhaine asked. Since this Sir Nevalle evidently already had a plan in mind, she was more than willing to hear it.“Go see Sir Grayson Corrett and become his squire,” Nevalle answered. “I’ve told him to meet you at Captain Brelaina’s office in the Merchant Quarter. I’m also going to send a friend of mine to help you… his aid has proved invaluable in such cases in the past. Bear in mind, though, that this must still go to trial, and if you cannot prove your innocence in the courtroom, then you will face execution.”“This is…” Rhaine put her head in her hands, nearly overwhelmed with shock and horror at this turn of events. “This is outrageous. I-I can’t…”“I know,” Nevalle said gently. “Let us take this one step at a time. Go meet with Grayson for now. We’ll deal with the rest after you’ve been accepted as his squire. But be warned that until this matter is resolved, the gates of Neverwinter will be barred to you; seek out Grayson but do not attempt to leave the city.“I will take my leave for now,” he finished, bowing slightly. “But we will speak again soon.”And with that, the Nine left as quietly as he had arrived.A long, oppressive silence followed Nevalle’s departure. Rhaine was utterly speechless. She could hardly believe that Luskan was framing her for murder – someone wanted her dead, and badly. That much was plain. But who? What had she done to offend Luskan on such a personal level?Or, more likely, what did they want that she possessed?Duncan clenched his fist and gritted his teeth. “There’s no way I’m letting those Luskans get their filthy hands on you!”“And we’re innocent!” Neeshka exclaimed. “Accusing us of the murder of a whole village? That’s a bit much, even by Luskan standards.”“Really?” Bishop retorted, looking askance at the flabbergasted tiefling. “If you have anything Luskan desires, they’d burn down a whole city for it… they don’t care. They attacked Neverwinter before, and now they’re sending an entire fleet to raid Ruathym – supposedly because of a stupid book.”“But there’s still something we can do about it,” Shandra reminded them. “All you have to do is become a squire and Luskan can’t touch you.”At that moment, Sal glanced up from cleaning the bar and gestured to the door. “Uh, Duncan. We have another guest.”Everyone simultaneously followed the bartender’s finger, and Duncan angrily snapped. “As if the day couldn’t get any worse. What do you want, Sand?”The elven wizard’s face was stern as he closed the door behind him, looking first at Duncan and then to Rhaine. “I’m here to help you and your kin. I’ve heard about your… troubles… with Luskan. I know you may find my sincerity hard to believe, but I wish to aid you in uncovering the truth of this matter.” He straightened, adjusting his robes as he took a breath and then spoke to the Doomguide directly, “There are laws and there is right and wrong. I know you uphold the law, and I also know that neither your profession nor your faith would allow you to commit such a heinous crime – so I do not believe you are guilty of this.“Please, allow me to help you clear your name,” he continued, “bringing Luskan ‘truths’ to light is something I particularly delight in doing. There is more to this than meets the eye, rest assured, and we will find out what they are hiding.”She inclined her head to him graciously. “I would welcome your aid, Sand, if this is indeed your area of expertise,” she replied, slightly surprised that he was the “friend” Nevalle had mentioned, but deeply glad of his help nonetheless.“Excellent!” The hedge wizard grinned wickedly, rubbing his hands together as if in excitement. “Now, let’s go foil a Luskan plot, shall we?”------------------------------------------------------Eager for whatever legal protection she could obtain, Rhaine promptly went to Grayson at Brelaina’s office and swore herself into his service. The old knight knew of her immediate need, and thus he waived most of the formalities of becoming a squire save for one thing: she had to perform a vigil, staying awake all night in a secluded glade with nothing but her own thoughts for company. Rhaine did not feel comfortable with the idea at all… not because of the tradition itself, of course, but because she would be left quite vulnerable for the duration. Still, she agreed.Sure enough, Luskan had somehow caught wind of their plan, even in that short time, and sent assassins to kill her while she was alone. Shandra, however, made a surprise appearance, jumping into the fray and helping Rhaine fend off her attackers. The former farmgirl had sensed that trouble might have sought out her new teacher, and she was more than pleased to have been of aid to the Doomguide for once. She lingered for a few hours in order to make sure no one else attempted to slay Rhaine in her ritual solitude, before finally slipping away prior to Sir Grayson’s return at dawn.In the morning, Rhaine informed her new knight what had happened. As it turned out, he was not at all surprised at the turn of events, and he expressed his gladness that Rhaine had survived. Grayson then escorted her back to Neverwinter, stopping briefly to pick up Sand at the Flagon and then continuing on to the Blacklake District. They had to inform Lord Nasher – and the Luskan ambassador – of Rhaine’s station as a member of the nobility.------------------------------------------------------As the group approached Castle Never, Rhaine admired its beauty. It was a magnificent structure, built from pale grey stone and decorated with rich blue and gold banners. Symbols of Tyr, god of justice and patron of Neverwinter, adorned the standards along with the city’s signature eye insignia.Within, the throne room lay at the end of a long entrance hall. The interior was just as richly ornamented as the exterior, sporting black-and-white tiled marble. In the throne room proper, Lord Nasher himself sat on a golden throne atop a tall dais. Sir Nevalle stood waiting at his side. The Luskan ambassador, Torio Claven, also lingered nearby, and she watched with a hint of disdain on her face as Rhaine, Sand, and Grayson approached the throne.Torio was a petite and stocky woman, pale skinned, with short-cropped chestnut hair and hazel eyes; her facial features were almost gnomish in structure. The ambassador’s garish outfit was hardly suitable for court attire – a one-piece dress, the skirt of which was slit nearly to her hip and made of a tacky pastel plaid. The bodice was a form-fitting sky blue fabric, with a plunging neckline and half-sleeves, as well as a gigantic seagull-feather hood draping her sloped shoulders. She wore only one long, dark blue glove that matched her similarly colored knee boots, and her copious amounts of beaded jewelry were just as gaudy as her dress.“Greetings, Lord Nasher,” Sir Grayson said at last, bowing before the ruler of Neverwinter.Nasher looked down on them with a stern gaze, his brow slightly furrowed. He wore a ceremonial suit of ivory hued armor, the golden crown of Never gracing his bald pate. His eyes were dark blue, like the banners that adorned his castle, and he sported a neatly trimmed brown beard. How his and Nevalle’s appearances clashed with that of Torio…“Ah, Sir Grayson,” Nasher replied, a smile spreading across his face as he regarded the elder warrior, “how wonderful to see you. What brings you here today, good knight?”“My Lord Nasher,” Grayson began, gesturing to Rhaine. “It has come to my attention that this woman has been accused by Luskan of murder. I wish to inform you that she is my squire and is not to be sent to Luskan for trial.”Torio crossed her arms, narrowing her eyes at Rhaine. “What nonsense is this? This knight has no squire.”“Take care, Torio,” Nasher warned casually, “lest I think you are accusing one of my knights of speaking lies.”“I hear only the words of a man shielding a murderer!” Torio retorted, raising her eyebrow at the Lord of Neverwinter.“Gods,” Sand hissed at Rhaine’s side, shaking his head in disgust.“Well then,” Nasher continued, turning his gaze to Rhaine, “let the accused speak. What say you? Are you Sir Grayson’s squire?”“I am,” Rhaine answered firmly, inclining her head to him, “and I have and will continue to serve Neverwinter faithfully and well.”“Then it is settled,” Nasher said simply, returning his gaze to Torio. “She will be tried here, in my court, and not in Luskan, ambassador.”“Despicable! There is no justice in this!” Torio spat, flouncing indignantly from the dais. After a few steps, she added over her shoulder snidely, “But I was a fool to expect justice in Neverwinter, City of Tyr.”They were silent, then, as she stormed from the castle, a cadre of royal guards on her heels to ensure she left. After a moment, Nasher winked at Rhaine, “Seeing that gloating smile stripped from her face pleases me more than you will know.“Unfortunately,” he continued, sighing heavily, “this has only bought us a little time, I’m afraid. We need to get to the bottom of this matter and quickly. Squire Rhaine, you now have my permission to leave the city to conduct an investigation.”“We must find out the truth of what happened at Ember,” Nevalle added, “and Luskan is involved, of that we are certain. Gather as much evidence as you can that both confirms your innocence and incriminates Luskan.”“Once you are ready,” Lord Nasher finished, “return here and present what you have found, and we will host the trial. I would advise you to begin your hunt in Port Llast, as they have had frequent dealings with the people of Ember.”Sand bowed. “Of course, Lord Nasher. We shall begin at once.”Nasher nodded to the elf and offered a warm smile to Rhaine. “Gods be with you, Squire, and congratulations on your accomplishment. Serve Neverwinter, and she will serve you.”------------------------------------------------------“Well, we’re here,” Sand stated flatly, lifting up the hem of his robes slightly as he carefully picked his way forward. “Try not to step in the local… culture.”Rhaine looked around. Port Llast was only slightly larger than West Harbor, and the port alone accounted for half of the town. The other half consisted of an inn, a tiny town hall, and a handful of merchant stalls. The smell of saltwater and brine filled the air, along with the sounds of the pounding waves and ceaseless chatter of the gulls.The weather was dreadful. She, Sand, and Shandra had their hoods pulled up to guard from the frigid wind and constant drizzle, which did nothing to make the group look any less suspicious to onlookers. It was obvious the townsfolk were on edge after what happened in nearby Ember; what few people were out and about looked over their shoulders with darting eyes.“So, where to first?” Rhaine asked, deferring to Sand for the time being.The wizard pointed to the town hall. “We need to talk with Haeromos. He’s the steward, and can likely provide us with the most information.”“Wouldn’t hurt to talk with the locals, either,” Shandra added.“That is true,” Sand replied with a nod. He shivered as the dampness chilled him to the bone.“Right then, let’s go,” Rhaine said finally, moving towards the town hall, adding, “and… I’m glad to have you with me, Sand.”The little wizard positively beamed. “Do not trouble yourself. It is my pleasure, dear Doomguide.”------------------------------------------------------Haeromos looked up from his paperwork as he heard people enter the building. The steward was a middle-aged man, with a shock of unkempt sandy hair and a scruffy beard. He greeted them customarily, but when he saw Rhaine pull down her hood, he narrowed his eyes at her, resting a hand on his sword hilt.“You’ve got a lot of nerve to show yourself here,” he hissed, “many people in this town had friends in Ember. If they find out who you are-”“I’m here to clear my name,” Rhaine interrupted, not having the patience to put up with his posturing. “I am innocent of these charges.”Haeromos stared at her for a long moment before speaking again, “You may conduct your business here. But you will be watched, understand? If you have questions, voice them now. As you might suspect, I am a very busy man.”“What really happened at Ember, then?” she asked, hands on her hips.“Is it not plain enough?” Haeromos quipped. “The whole town was slaughtered and burned to the ground, all by your hand. Would that Ember were in my dominion…”“… you would do nothing,” Rhaine interjected firmly. “My fate will be determined by a court of law. Not here and certainly not by you. Now, perhaps you’d like to explain why you and everyone else are so certain that this murderer was me?”“There was a witness!” Haeromos exclaimed, as if it were obvious. “You were described in great detail.”“There was a survivor?” Shandra whispered behind her. “Who, I wonder?”“If there was a witness, I need to speak with them,” Rhaine stated.“Absolutely not,” Haeromos replied without hesitation, crossing his arms. “She’s been through enough. And I’m certain she doesn’t want to see you.”Rhaine scowled at the man. “I have orders directly from Lord Nasher Alagondar. You would interfere with a Squire of Neverwinter’s official investigation of this matter?”“I-” he hesitated, then ultimately sighed in resignation. “Very well. Guard, tell Alaine to come out for a moment.”A guard nodded and opened a side room, poking his head in and murmuring a few words to someone inside. There was some shuffling before the witness at last came into view. It was the woman with whom Rhaine had spoken when Bishop was with them – when they had saved the village from the githyanki.“Shandra?” Alaine gasped, running forward towards the farmer with arms outstretched. “Shandra, is that really you?”Shandra hugged the woman close. “Shh, Alaine. It’s all right. I’m here to help you. Look, I brought frie-”“You!” Alaine’s eyes grew impossibly wide as she saw Rhaine, and she wiggled out of Shandra’s grasp to back away. “Shandra... Shandra it’s her! She… she…”“Alaine, she couldn’t have,” Shandra said gently, trying to calm her friend. “She’s not-”“I saw you kill those people! You… you slew the quartermaster as he begged on his knees!” Alaine shrieked, pointing at the Doomguide with a trembling finger.“I did no such thing,” Rhaine protested, shaking her head. “I wasn’t even there at the time of the attack.”“I saw you-”“Did you?” Sand interrupted, eyebrow raised critically. “Or did you just think it was her? There are magics that can make one look the part, you know.”“Who was with me?” Rhaine asked, following a lead the wizard just happened to plant in her mind.“You had about a dozen of your friends with you.”“A dozen, you say?” Sand inquired, exchanging knkowing looks with Rhaine. “Do go on.”“Was there a tiefling girl? A dwarf? Anyone you saw with me when we went looking for Shandra here?” Rhaine continued.“I… no. They were all human, I believe,” Alaine answered slowly.Sand snorted. “Well, that certainly calls into question the legitimacy of your claim, does it not? Only four of Rhaine’s companions can call themselves human – and that includes Shandra. Far less than a dozen, I would say.”“But,” Alaine protested, “you could have just hired others.”“She could have, yes,” Sand replied with a wry smile, “but as your hesitation suggests, Alaine, why would she?”“And how did you manage to escape if they killed everyone else?” Rhaine inquired.Alaine blinked. “I suppose they didn’t see me.”“Or perhaps they let you escape, hmm? So you could place the blame on someone?” Sand suggested.“I... I don’t know. I just don’t know!”At that, Alaine dissolved into frustrated tears, and Haeromos gestured for the guard to escort her back to her room.“I’m sorry to have put you through this Alaine,” the steward apologized as he glared darkly at Rhaine.It was then that Sand spun the Doomguide towards him. “Listen to me. If we can persuade her to do it, we can use her story of tears to sway the court in our favor.”“Alaine’s not some tool, Sand!” Shandra hissed. “She just witnessed her entire village getting slaughtered. I don’t think-”“Girl, either we use her or they do!” Sand snapped sharply. “So dispense with your convenient morality!”“That’s enough,” Rhaine said quietly, directing them both towards the door. “Even if the Luskans do manage to acquire her as a supposed witness, we can trump her claims in the courtroom exactly as we have now. Let’s go talk with the other townsfolk and see what they know.”------------------------------------------------------Unfortunately, most of the townspeople seemed to know little to nothing about Ember other than mere hearsay, which was not enough to suffice as evidence. The threesome ambled through the streets with their heads bent against the freezing wind, dodging puddles. Out of the corner of her eye, Rhaine saw a cloaked woman working with a mortar and pestle at a stall near the inn, and something compelled her to approach.“Certainly cold out,” the priestess began as she neared the stall. “I’m surprised you’d set up shop in this weather.”The woman looked up. She was a half-elf like Rhaine, with dark eyes and black hair pulled back to keep it out of her way. Smiling grimly, she replied, “I’ve important work to do, milady. Oh, mind the wyrmsage!” She pointed at a bag hanging from a beam, close to Rhaine’s head.“Ah, sorry,” Rhaine sidestepped to avoid it. “Wait, wyrmsage? That battles the necromantic arts… does Port Llast have an undead problem?”“Not Port Llast, no,” the woman answered, continuing to pound the herbs in her mortar. “Ember. The bodies have been unburied for nearly a tenday. I’ve been trying to get people to see the need for someone to bury them and consecrate their graves, but no one wants to go anywhere near there after what happened.”“Then, as a Kelemvorite, it would be my duty and honor to do so,” Rhaine said, inclining her head.At that, the woman dropped her pestle with a loud clink and looked up at her, dark eyes wide. “Kelemvorite? You… wouldn't happen to know someone named Septimund, would you?”Rhaine thought for a moment, but the name was unfamiliar. “I’m sorry, no. Who is he?”“I… I was – and am – in love with him,” she explained, a blush creeping into her cheeks. “He is a Doomguide like you, and he stayed here in Port Llast for a time. I never got up the nerve to tell him of my feelings. Maybe if I had, he wouldn’t have left…” she trailed, and was silent for a moment, her gaze distant. “Anyway, I thought by making it my objective to do Kelemvor’s work, he might return. Here,” she took down the bag of wyrmsage and handed it to Rhaine, “you know what to do with it – just sprinkle it over the bodies and that should allow any remaining vestiges of their spirits to depart to the afterlife.”Rhaine nodded her understanding while Sand murmured, “An overly dramatic description of the properties of wyrmsage, but she is right.”“It shall be done,” the Doomguide said firmly, pocketing the bag. “And, before I go… I didn’t catch your name.”The herbalist smiled gently. “Nya.”“Squire Rhaine Alcinea of Neverwinter,” the priestess bowed, returning the smile. “At your service.”------------------------------------------------------Shandra and Sand helped Rhaine accomplish Nya’s goal, burying and consecrating the dead of Ember. The work of a Doomguide was solemn indeed, but necessary, and Rhaine completed it as respectfully as possible, all the while chanting prayers for the fallen and blessing their graves.It was a sad sight. Everyone – women, children, the elderly, even the town’s pets – had been slaughtered in cold blood. They appeared to have been killed by blades for the most part, horrible wounds stretching from their shoulders to their abdomens. Some had even been decapitated. As for their homes, there was nothing left save smoking timbers and ashes.While the group was there, they made several interesting discoveries. Sand noted that one villager had been slain by a very rare and potent poison. Shandra uncovered the quartermaster’s log, which indicated that Luskan had halted shipments to Ember months before the attack – suggesting that they anticipated never having to deal with Ember via trade again. Finally, they located the boy seer, Marcus, hiding in the town’s well. He had indeed used Bishop’s dagger to survive, which he returned to Rhaine, its purpose fulfilled.Beneath Ember, then, in a cave system inhabited by goblins, they found the remains of one of the attackers. His ring bore the symbol of Black Garius, the self-proclaimed “Master of the Fifth Tower” – a name and title Rhaine had heard before when dealing with brigands in the Docks of Neverwinter. Luskan was ruled by the Hosttower of the Arcane, of which there were only four real tower mages. Sand interpreted this self-imposed title as both great arrogance and ambition on Garius’s part, but he warned that it also indicated legitimate power. If he was the one who wanted Rhaine dead, then she was in significant danger, and he would most certainly need to be dealt with after the trial was over.A network of tunnels ultimately led from the goblin caves to the nearby Duskwood, where they at last discovered that someone had indeed been using a dryad’s magical powder to disguise themselves as Rhaine. That someone turned out to be a man named Lorne Starling.Bevil’s older brother.------------------------------------------------------When they finally returned to the Flagon a few days later, Sand had some final preparations to make before the trial was to begin. He sent out letters to several people whom he wanted to testify on Rhaine’s behalf. As she waited for these people to arrive in Neverwinter, she thought about the trial and her chances of success. With the sheer amount of evidence they had obtained and the number of character witnesses they had sent for, it would be shocking if the court ruled against her.But as Sand constantly reminded her, the trial itself would be a verbal duel. She would have to successfully rebut every argument of the prosecution, and her statements would need to reinforce her appearance as an upstanding citizen – without fail. There was a very real danger that her own words could be twisted and taken out of context, and she would have to make sure that didn’t happen. And as the day of the hearing loomed ever nearer, Rhaine couldn’t help but start to worry. She often sat alone in the Flagon, constantly contemplating the task ahead.When she finally joined the others at dinner the night before the trial, Elanee placed her small hand over Rhaine’s and smiled reassuringly. “You have this under control. From what I’ve heard, Doomguides are excellent diplomats.”“Yeah,” Bishop commented dryly. “If you can successfully convince someone to die quietly then this should be a piece of cake.”“Bishop,” Casavir growled a warning. “It is not wise to insult the ones who carry the power to ensure your place in the afterlife. And by slighting them, you inadvertently do the same to Kelemvor.”“I can’t help but wonder,” Grobnar piped up. “If the Luskans lose… which I’m sure they will... what will they do then?”Rhaine was silent for several moments before finally answering quietly.“I’m sure it won’t take long to find out.”

The throne room of Castle Never was full to bursting with people. On either side of the room, the audience seated themselves in the balconies. Everyone from nobles to commoners was in attendance, including all of Rhaine’s companions, who attended for support. On the floor of the court, two small podiums had been placed on either side of a long blue carpet. At one podium Rhaine and Sand stood, with their character witnesses seated behind them; opposite them stood Torio as prosecutor. Rhaine had eschewed her sword and her cloak, but remained clad in the silver armor of her temple. The ambassador still wore her garish costume.Suddenly, a contingent of royal guards swept into the room, garbed in their black and gold armor and wielding fearsome halberds. One of them raised his voice above the din of the audience to call their attention.“Lord Nasher Alagondar, ruler of Neverwinter, and Reverend Judge Oleff Uskar, Lord Justiciar of Tyr!”Everyone respectfully stood and fell silent as the men in question entered. Nasher strode to his throne and quickly seated himself there, Sir Nevalle taking his place at Nasher’s right hand. The aging Judge Oleff, in flowing blue and gold robes, stood to his left. Once they had positioned themselves at the head of the throne room, the audience sat once again. All the while, Rhaine cast her thoughts to Kelemvor, taking in a shaking breath and letting it back out slowly to calm herself.Please turn your gaze to me, my lord. Grant strength to my words and courage to my heart…Oleff then began the trial at last, his voice loud and clear and ringing in the hall. “We are gathered here to determine the truth behind the slaughter of the small village of Ember, its people killed to the last man, woman, and child. Is the accused and her defense here?”Sand bowed deeply. “We are here and eager to bring the truth of this matter into Tyr’s sight, Reverend Judge.”“Is the accuser here?”Torio bowed as well. “I speak for those the accused killed at Ember, and I am here to ensure that justice is carried out this day.”“Reverend Judge, I believe the Ambassador speaks out of turn. No guilty verdict has been reached,” Rhaine interjected, staring daggers through Torio even as her heart pounded with adrenaline. It felt just like she was in combat, simply on a different sort of battlefield…“The accused speaks correctly, Ambassador,” Oleff replied, raising a white eyebrow at Torio. “The trial has yet to begin and already you deign to pronounce judgment.”“Any more slips of the tongue, Torio, and the court will not look kindly upon it,” Nasher added pointedly, his own expression a severe one.The Luskan ambassador immediately backpedaled. “My apologies, Reverend Judge. My conviction got the better of me.”At that, Sand leaned close to Rhaine, smiling slyly. “Well done.”“First,” Judge Oleff continued, gesturing to a table next to him which bore all of the physical evidence that they had gathered, “we will present the evidence that the accused has brought in her defense, and we shall hold it aloft for the eye of Tyr to see…”Sand then abruptly took Rhaine by the hand and pulled her down closer to him, whispering in her ear, “It may take them a while to present our evidence, bless it, and all of the ritual nonsense. So, if there’s any questions, now’s the time to ask.”She sighed a breath tremulous with tension. “Do you have any advice?”“Torio is an arrogant creature,” Sand answered, eyes flicking sideways at the ambassador across from them, “but this court is her theater… her arena. She has had years of perfecting treachery and twisting words. She knows as well as we do that when it comes right down to it, it is not the evidence but the drama that wins the day. Do not forget: the rabble is here to see someone hang. If you cannot convince them that you have been wronged and grievously so, it is an uphill battle you fight.”Rhaine’s face was grim. “So, any specific strategies that might work?”Sand let out a long breath through his nose as he thought. “It may be somewhat… unorthodox… but playing upon the historical hatred between Luskan and Neverwinter may be in your favor. Yet, at the same time, they could perceive it as evidence that your supposed attack on Ember was an attempt to start another war, which no one in Neverwinter wants. Do not attempt a diplomatic duel with Torio unless you are sure you will come out on top. And do not try to intimidate her or bluff her unless you are equally certain, or you will be bound for the gallows.”“Alright,” Rhaine said with a nod of understanding, swallowing heavily. “I’ll heed your advice.”Sand smiled, squeezing her hand before he let it go. “Thank you. I occasionally have a good idea, you know.”“And Sand,” she added, offering him a genuine smile of affection. “Thank you for everything… for helping me and representing me here. I truly appreciate it.”Sand’s eyebrows rose in surprise at her words, and a pink blush crept into his pale cheeks. “Oh! Well… you’re welcome. But really, there’s no need for thanks.” He grinned. “This is a labor of love, I assure you.”They returned their attention to the court, then, and the Reverend Judge had just finished presenting the last piece of evidence – the magical powder – declaring, “That is the evidence before us.”The crowd dissolved into disgruntled murmurs as they looked one to the other and shook their heads. Sand’s grin widened. “Perfect. Look at their faces. That little harpy… let’s see her fly out of this snare.”“The accuser may now call witnesses to the stand,” Oleff announced, nodding to the ambassador.Torio waved her hand in the air dismissively. “These pieces of… evidence, if that is truly what they are, can easily be explained away. They may be extensive, but my witnesses will tell a different story.”“You are debating upon the facts presented by the evidence, Ambassador?” Rhaine asked, hoping to goad Torio into ruining her own prosecution with her defensiveness.“Of course!” Torio exclaimed. “We are here to determine the truth… everything is in question.”The Doomguide arched her brow. “Everything? Would that include my presumed guilt, Ambassador? You seem certain of that. Is it in question as well?”“Of course not, and I aim to prove it!”“Then am I guilty or aren’t I, in your eyes? I’m finding it difficult to find the truth in your wordplay.”“I would advise you hold your tongue!” Torio snapped, slamming her fist on her podium, her eyes flashing dangerously. The members of the court began murmuring to themselves once more, and Nasher exchanged glances with Oleff.Sand’s eyes widened as Rhaine merely smiled, and the elven wizard whistled. “My, she has a temper!”“I understand that you wish to delay my witnesses… it is your life that is on the line, after all,” Torio remarked at length with a snide grin before addressing the court directly. “And I do have a most important first witness. You see, the village of Ember was not slaughtered to the last man, woman, and child.”“Alaine,” Rhaine whispered, and Sand nodded grimly. They had anticipated this.“I call Alaine, last living resident of Ember, to speak on what she saw that day.”Alaine got up from a bench behind the Ambassador and approached the podium slowly, tentatively. Torio placed a gloved hand on her shoulder and smiled gently. “Do not be afraid, Alaine, you are safe here. You saw what happened, didn’t you?”“Yes,” Alaine replied quietly.“And the accused. She killed your fellow villagers, did she not?”“She did,” Alaine nodded, gaze fixed on the floor. “She slew them all… they had no weapons… nothing…”“Alaine, no!” Shandra hissed behind Rhaine, tearing at her hair in sheer frustration.“Can you say anything?” Rhaine whispered, glancing back over her shoulder.Shandra huffed. “If you get the chance, ask her if I would ever travel with someone who would do something like that!”“Reverend Judge!” Rhaine interjected, calling to Oleff. “Will I have a chance to refute these claims?”“Oh, come now,” Torio gloated. “There’s no sense in denying it. You are caught like a rat in a trap.”“It will be allowed,” Oleff replied, inclining his head. “All sides of an issue must be heard. For now, Ambassador…?”She smiled sweetly. “What more proof is needed? We have a witness… one who saw the accused perform the deed. Perhaps we should move on to the verdict now? I, of course, have no more questions, Reverend Judge.”“Alaine,” Rhaine began, drawing the survivor’s attention to her with a firm but coaxing tone. “This woman behind me – Shandra – you know her, yes?”“You know I do,” Alaine nodded in affirmation. “She would often stop by Ember on her way to Port Llast during trade season.”“Did you know she has been traveling with me?”Alaine looked a little surprised at the suggestion. “No, I didn’t.”“Reverend Judge, I fail to see where this line of questioning is headed,” Torio interrupted.“Alaine, listen to me!” Shandra shouted behind Rhaine, unable to keep her silence any longer. “Something’s wrong here! We weren’t even anywhere near Ember when the attack happened-”“Objection! The accused is only allowed one counsel and he-”“Oh, Torio,” Sand smirked. “I freely forfeit my position when Shandra is speaking.”“Alaine, are you sure it was us?” Shandra asked her friend.At that, she hesitated, and it was just the reprieve they needed. “I… I think so. Or at least, someone who looked very much like the accused…”“What?!” Torio spluttered.“You heard her,” Rhaine offered the ambassador her own wicked grin in response. “It seems to me she just retracted her statements. I have no more questions, but I’m sure you do, Ambassador.”“Forget this!” Torio spat angrily, physically shoving Alaine away from the podium. “Obviously the witness is too distraught to give her testimony properly… so, let’s choose someone who isn’t affected by Ember at all. I call Shandra Jerro to the stand.”“Excuse me?” Shandra’s eyes went wide, and she glanced worriedly to Rhaine.“Go ahead,” the Doomguide said, gesturing to the podium. “Speak to Torio directly if you want.”“I’d rather spit on her,” Shandra muttered, reluctantly stepping forward.“Come, Shandra, this is a court of law… you may speak freely here,” Torio beckoned the farmer.“About what?” Shandra retorted, tossing her hands skywards in frustration when she reached the podium. “About these false accusations?”“No,” Torio mused thoughtfully. “I am more concerned about what you think of the accused’s actions. Has she done anything on the same level of destruction as what happened at Ember?”“I really don’t think-”“Answer the question.”“No,” Shandra replied flatly.“Not even your home?” Torio asked, brow arched. “Dammit!” Sand cursed.“Yes, but that wasn’t-”“Next time, I want you to answer my question instead of dodging me with objections and exceptions, Shandra,” Torio continued, leaning forward on her own podium, “because you see, what I want to know is what you think of the accused… what you really think. Is she someone who might do such a thing?”“No!” Shandra repeated, her brow furrowed in obvious rage. “She is a good and honorable woman. And to see her slandered like this makes me angry at the injustice of it all!”“Angry enough to kill? To slay anyone who stands in the accused’s way? I see,” Torio replied, smirking.“By the gods, if you are accusing me of what happened at Ember-”“I make no such accusations,” Torio stated as Shandra stormed back to her seat shaking her head, “but trouble does follow the accused, oddly enough… which brings me to one last witness I wish to bring forth.”The ambassador locked eyes with Rhaine. “You.”Infuriated by the way the trial had gone thus far and no longer afraid of the consequences, Rhaine met her gaze fearlessly. “Then ask what you will, and I shall answer with truth.”“My question is a simple one: why did you kill the people of Ember?”“That is a good question, Ambassador,” Rhaine quipped. “Why would anyone wish to attack Ember?”“That was my question to you.”“I see no reason,” Rhaine remarked. “It is not a trading stop, there is nothing of value there, and not even a large enough population to perceive as a threat.”“So simple slaughter is your answer!” Torio exclaimed dramatically. “Wiped off of the map for entertainment!”“Or much-needed target practice,” Rhaine countered, brow quirked upwards.“Are you suggesting that this was militarily motivated?” Torio spared a glance to Nasher.“You tell me, Ambassador. After all, I was the one who routed Luskan brigands in the Docks.”“You lie!” Torio barked. “Luskan hasn’t set foot in Neverwinter prior to the events of Ember! After which you were conveniently promoted to the rank of Squire… as a reward, perhaps?”“The Greycloak records of Luskan thugs whom I rounded up in this city are there for all to see,” Rhaine continued, her voice rising. “You infiltrated Neverwinter in hopes of reaching one target… me! When you failed, you destroyed Ember and then framed me for the murders of the villagers. I was a mere commoner then, so you thought it an easy matter of accusing me of a crime and then carting me off to Luskan to be put to death according to low justice. But you didn’t bank on the people of Neverwinter… on Lord Nasher himself… protecting a loyal servant of the city from Luskan slander! And now here you stand, throwing more lies in the face of hard evidence and intimidating so-called witnesses in a last ditch effort to avoid yet another failure!”The courtroom erupted in a standing ovation, cheers and whistles very nearly deafening. The ambassador herself shook with barely-contained anger. “No more questions, Reverend Judge.”Oleff hammered his gavel for silence, and Sand grinned widely as the spectators settled down and began to seat themselves once more. “That was remarkable. You know, I do think I’m learning a thing or two.”“The accused may now call her witnesses to the stand.”Upon Oleff’s signal, then, Sand bowed again. “Lord Nasher, Reverend Judge, and good citizens of Neverwinter. For our first witness, the defense would like to call Callum of the Neverwinter Nine, fresh from his victory over the orc tribes of Old Owl Well.”The surly dwarf got up from the bench behind Rhaine and approached the podium, clad in his Neverwinter Nine uniform instead of his usual armor. He offered a small salute to Nevalle, who responded in kind, before facing Sand.“You know the accused well, do you not Lord Callum?” the wizard inquired, gesturing to Rhaine.“I do,” Callum nodded, smiling briefly at her. “She was a great help in defeating the orcs of the Well. The soldiers of Neverwinter and the realm itself owe her a deep debt of gratitude. Were it not for her service, Old Owl Well would be lost to us now, along with vital trade relations with Waterdeep. It is a travesty that these charges have been levied against her.”“Thank you for your testimony, Lord Callum,” Sand replied simply.“Callum,” Torio began, turning the dwarf’s attention to her. “You say that this situation is a ‘travesty.’ Do you believe that this trial has been conducted out of Luskan animosity?”“Luskan has much to gain by bringing down heroes of Neverwinter,” Callum answered solemly. “Do I have evidence that it is a Luskan plot? No. But would I put it past Luskan? That is also a no.”“Did you know that the accused’s counsel was originally from the Hosttower of the Arcane, before he fled to Neverwinter?”“That banshee!” Sand hissed, and Rhaine’s brows rose.“No,” Callum answered, surprise evident in his tone as he glanced back at Sand. “I did not.”“We are not here to debate on either where my counsel came from or the origin of these charges. We are here to uncover what happened at Ember. That is all,” Rhaine stated.“Agreed,” Callum added with a nod. “I misspoke by implying Luskan involvement in this situation. But I stand by my sentiments that Luskan would have everything to gain from it.”“No more questions,” Torio sniffed, waving the dwarf away as if he were a servant and not a knight.“The accused would now like to call Nya, resident herbalist of Port Llast,” Sand announced once Callum sat. As the half-elf gracefully made her way to the podium, the wizard continued, “Nya, you have seen the accused before, yes?”“I have,” she smiled at Rhaine, inclining her head politely. “Well met to you again.”“Nya, tell us what you were involved with concerning Ember.”“I had come to Port Llast to aid in the growth and medical defense of the city,” Nya began, “although my duties occupied almost all of my time, I had heard of the disaster in Ember and wished to help. I learned from a…former acquaintance of mine…a follower of Kelemvor, that after such violent deaths it was possible the villagers could arise as undead. I could convince no one to listen or aid me until the good Squire came.”“And what did I do, Nya?” Rhaine inquired.“She agreed to lay the dead to eternal rest.”“What nonsense is this?” Torio snapped impatiently. “To hide the evidence perhaps? This is meaningless.”“Meaningless?!” Rhaine exclaimed indignantly, her voice ringing off of the walls of the courtroom. Nya rushed back to her seat, and there was a soft “Oh, dear!” from Sand. No doubt both realized the ambassador had unknowingly stepped in it now…“Take care where you cast your barbs, Torio!” Rhaine snarled. “I am a Doomguide of Kelemvor, and your words are not only offensive to my faith but also disrespectful to the dead of Ember!”At that, the crowd’s faces bore expressions of shock and disapproval, jaws dropping all around. Torio once again was forced to retreat to save face. “I apologize. I meant no disrespect, of course.”“Torio,” Nasher warned darkly, “you are close to being thrown out of this courtroom. As for the defense, resume your call for witnesses.”“More witnesses, yes,” Sand continued. “Unknown to all, there was yet another survivor of the attack on Ember.”Gasps rippled through the audience, and Torio choked. “What?”“A poor frightened boy who had to hide in the depths of a cold, dark, and dank well! I call forth Marcus, a boy who has the gift of foresight, and who saw the true attacker of Ember!”The crowd’s chatter reached a fever pitch when the small boy slid from the bench and walked to the stand. Oleff hammered his gavel once more to silence the audience while Sand began his questioning. “Marcus, tell us what you saw with your gift.”The boy’s voice was nearly ethereal as his eyes took on a distant cast. “It was a huge man who killed the villagers. I don’t see how you could confuse him for her. They look nothing alike. Perhaps he used a magical disguise, but things like that don’t fool me.”“What is this, some sort of joke?” Torio quipped. “If this boy is a seer, then let us test his power. Marcus? What do I hold in my left hand?”The boy turned to her and was silent for a long moment before finally speaking. “Your left hand holds an iron ring: the ring of Garius, Master of the Fifth Tower. When you touch it, you are reminded of his anger when one fails him… it is more a chain than a piece of jewelry. And moreover, it reminds you of-”“Enough!” Torio shouted, visibly shaking. “It is a ring, yes. But nothing more! Now, are you done holding off a verdict, or are you at last ready to face justice?”“One more witness,” Sand answered with a smirk, “and we will close the curtain on this stage. Shandra?”“Sand, no!” Shandra shook her head.“Please, Shandra. This is for Ember,” Rhaine pressed.Shandra sighed, approaching the stand again. “All right. Ask your questions.”“Shandra, can you vouch for the character of Squire Rhaine Alcinea?” Sand asked, leaving the question open for almost any answer.The former farmgirl met the Doomguide’s eyes and smiled. “I can. Look, don’t get me wrong, trouble seems to follow at her heels. But it’s how she deals with these troubles that makes people want to stand by her and stick with her no matter what. She keeps trying to make things right, even when things are at their worst.”There was a moment of silence, heavy and pervasive, before Sand concluded, “I think that says it all, Shandra. Thank you.”As she made her way back to her seat, casting Rhaine a reassuring smile as she passed by, Oleff nodded. “The accuser and accused have presented their witnesses. Now, all that remains is a verdict. Lord Nasher?”The Lord of Neverwinter looked between Rhaine and Torio, silent for many moments. Then, finally, he took a deep breath. “The case before me was a difficult one. But it seems we now know the identity of Ember’s attackers. Nevalle?”“Yes, milord?”There was a long pause, and Rhaine could feel her heart pounding in her throat and her cheeks. She subconsciously slipped her hand into Sand’s, and he squeezed it gently.Then, Nasher continued at last, casting his hard gaze to Torio. “I want the Ambassador, her retinue, and any remaining members of Luskan’s Arcane Brotherhood outside the city gates by nightfall.”The crowd erupted into thunderous applause, and Torio’s mouth dropped open, “What? This is no verdict… to think the Brotherhood truly responsible!”“You brought this case to my court, now you debate my verdict?” Nasher snapped, eyes flashing. “I would watch where you point a sword when you draw it, Ambassador.”“I demand a trial by combat!” She yelled overtop the crowd’s noise, silencing them as abruptly as Oleff’s gavel. Rhaine’s eyes widened.“I have had enough of your games, Torio,” Nasher answered with a growl, fist clenching atop the armrest of his throne, “and I will indulge you no longer.”“And can Lord Nasher deny me my sacred right of appeal, Reverend Judge?” Torio inquired, turning to Oleff. “Can he place himself above Tyr?”“He…” the Reverend hesitated, closing his eyes, and he reluctantly shook his head. “He cannot. The Ambassador of Luskan is entitled to an appeal as she describes.”Rhaine’s heart and stomach both plummeted. The crowd was furious, cursing and throwing things across the court at Torio, nearly hitting Alaine in the process until the guards intervened.“I was hoping she didn’t know about that,” Sand sighed heavily.Oleff slammed his gavel to bring order and continued loudly. “Both parties are required by law to undergo the Rite of Tyr in a night of sacred purification. On the following day, the trial will commence on the tourney grounds.”“So be it,” Nasher hissed, turning his attention to Rhaine. “Prepare yourself and be ready, Squire. Or choose a champion to fight for you – because, by the gods, we have not come all this way to have justice denied to us in this final hour!”“So,” Nevalle added, crossing his arms, a hard expression on his countenance. “It seems this will be decided in blood. But who will fight for you, Ambassador? This is not a duel of words… though I would like to see you try to match your tongue against the blade of a soldier of Neverwinter.”“You are correct, Sir Nevalle,” Torio simpered sickeningly. “I cannot fight for the people of Ember… is there no one who would champion their cause with sword or spell?”There was dead silence for many minutes. The audience simply glared at her.“I will.”A collective gasp as they searched for the source of the voice – of the person who dared defend Luskan’s actions. A gigantic man, clothed in wolf skins and leathers, his bald head tattooed in wild patterns, entered the throne room. He had to duck to get through the doorway, and he towered over the royal guards. “I have heard these lies and will answer them with my blade, in Luskan’s name!”“That’s him,” Marcus whispered. “That’s the one who killed them all.”Rhaine looked upon Luskan’s champion and recognized beneath the ink and the angry expression a face she had not seen in many, many years.The face of Lorne Starling.------------------------------------------------------“Are you ready to begin the Rite of Tyr?”Hours later, Rhaine stood alone before Prior Hlam in the Temple of Tyr. After an evening’s worth of listening to angry arguing amongst her companions, she was ready to get the Rite over with. She now knew without a doubt who the true killer of Ember was, and she was eager to send him to the City of Judgment.“Hang on just a minute, this Rite can wait! I haven’t had my say, yet!”Khelgar burst into the temple, red-faced with both rage and ale. When he reached her side, Rhaine placed her hands on his shoulders and squeezed. “Khelgar, calm down. Why are you so angry?”He shouted at her, spittle flying. “Because this isn’t fair, that’s why! There’s no honor in that little viper bringing a bear out of nowhere to fight you! He’s not even worthy of you… of the ground you walk on!”“You feel it is unjust,” Hlam supplied simply.“You’re damned right it’s unjust!” Khelgar roared, smacking his fist into his palm. “We know how to solve problems – by hitting them until they break! Ha! And that’s why they’re doing this now! Because they’re afraid to face all of us at once! And by the gods, I want to fight him! I’ll show him real justice!”“You are allowed to choose a champion,” Hlam explained. “You will still undergo the Rite, but in the morning it will be this one who faces Lorne in your stead.”Shaking her head, Rhaine smiled gently at Khelgar. “I thank you for your offer, and I am truly touched by it. But this is something that I have to do myself. I hope you can understand.”“Oh… well… all right,” the dwarf stammered, the wind having abruptly been taken out of his sails. “Just… be careful. He’s twice your size and you’re a fragile thing. He… he could break you really easily, so… just be careful.”Rhaine swallowed back tears. “I will, my friend. I promise.”------------------------------------------------------Rhaine had been sitting alone, staring at the statue of Tyr for about an hour, Prior Hlam having left her in peace. It reminded her of a similar vigil she had held not so long ago, only this time she was allowed visitors. During this time, she cast her prayers to Tyr and Kelemvor both, promising them that she would bring Lorne to justice…Then, suddenly, a movement at the door broke her out of her thoughts. Sand. He approached with a small leather bag in hand and grinned almost devilishly as he neared. “Heard Khelgar’s ranting from a few blocks down – actually helped me find the place. I do hope I’m not disturbing you.”“No, not at all,” Rhaine replied, patting the cushion beside her.He shook his head, declining her silent offer. “I just dropped by to offer you a few concoctions I whipped up this evening in case Lorne decided to paralyze you, reduce you to ash, or just give you several gaping chest wounds,” he said, proffering the bag to her.She took it. Inside were several small vials of what she knew were restorative potions. Smiling, she looked up at the wizard. “Thank you.”“Ah, yes, well.” Sand rubbed his neck awkwardly. “I’ll just leave you to it.”The elf began moving towards the door, then hesitated and turned back around. “But, our friend, Torio. We must have pushed her hard for her to resort to something so desperate. I think she feels caught in a trap… the kind of feeling one gets when they realize they have immersed themselves in an ill-conceived plan – as I once felt. Something to think about if she is at our mercy later, yes?”He offered her one last smile, and it was one of genuine fondness. “Good night.”------------------------------------------------------Rhaine had been thinking about what Sand had said for another hour, when she heard footsteps again. This time Casavir had poked his head in the doorway. He was not clad in armor as he usually was, but in a sharp blue tunic, with a black doublet, breeches, and boots.“Forgive me,” he said with a slight bow. “I did not mean to disturb the Rites.”Rhaine smiled in greeting. “You are not disturbing me, Casavir. What is it?”The paladin sighed heavily, approaching carefully and seating himself on the cushion beside her. “I was troubled. I thought I would seek you out and see if I could put those troubles to rest. I know something of knightly combat, and I was wondering if you did as well.”“I am aware of a few things,” Rhaine answered slowly. “But I’d like to hear what you know.”“Do not yield to Lorne,” he said firmly, “for he will not accept it. If there is a chance to keep fighting, do so. And there is no dishonor in using spells to keep him at bay. His strong suit is in close combat – do not balk at doing what you can to keep him at arm’s length, simply because you feel you must duel him in melee.”She nodded her understanding and was quiet for a time, returning her gaze to the statue of Tyr. The paladin respected her silence for a while, and then spoke again, this time extending a small, engraved bottle towards her. “This is a ritual flask someone gave me once. I need it no longer. It will both heal you and bestow a blessing upon you. Should you use it in the fight tomorrow, it will have served its purpose.”“Thank you. I will put it to good use, I am sure,” she replied gratefully, taking the flask and tucking it into her belt.Casavir simply inclined his head to her at that and looked up at the statue himself, seemingly studying its features for a long while before commenting, “It must feel slightly uncomfortable… a priestess in a temple of a different faith.”She smiled again. “Not really. Tyr and Kelemvor, you could say, are brothers of a sort. One champions justice for the living… the other for the dead.”He laughed a little in response. “I suppose you could look at it that way, yes.”Then, after a moment, he sighed again. “Rhaine, I know I’ve told you why I was in Old Owl Well… because I felt that I needed to be there to make a difference. But I haven’t told you that I also betrayed my oath to Neverwinter.”“What?” The Doomguide’s brow furrowed at his admission. “Why?”The paladin’s gaze fell to the floor. “I had a… disagreement, with both my peers and those above me in my order. And so I left – turned my back on the city and struck out to seek my own sort of justice. However, I cannot help but feel that in doing so, I turned my back on Tyr as well.”She cocked her head at him. “Why would you think that? Justice is justice, be it Neverwintan or your own. Just because you left Tyr’s city does not mean you left Tyr’s side.”Casavir went silent for a long moment, then, seemingly absorbing her words. When he looked at her again, she saw a deep sorrow in his eyes, something she had never seen before. “Rhaine, I need to you to tell me something. I know that Doomguides are well-acquainted with what the gods would call the False. Would you believe that I was one of them?”Her eyes widened in sheer shock that he would ask such a thing. The False were the souls of those who betrayed their gods… or those who were rejected by them. They were the damned souls that Kelemvor ruled over in the City of Judgment, because their gods would never come for them in the afterlife. Casavir obviously felt enough doubt that he was afraid of such a Judgment - but it was doubt in himself, not in Tyr. She could never be certain of what was truly in the paladin’s heart and soul, nor of how the gods saw him. But it was obvious that he needed a piece of her mind.“Casavir, listen to me,” she at last said firmly, grasping his forearm to sieze his attention. “If you are False then we are all doomed. I can see your loyalty to Tyr and the justice that he represents. I do not think for one minute that you ever turned your back on him, nor he you. I am sure that Kelemvor will judge you Faithful and that you will spend your eternity dwelling within the House of the Triad. For that is what you deserve, my good friend.”His sky-blue gaze held hers for several minutes, before he finally looked away somewhat bashfully. “I thank you for your words, my lady. They do help.”After another minute, he rose, brushing himself off. “Before I leave you, Rhaine, know that if you do not wish to face Lorne, I would gladly go in your stead as your champion.”The Doomguide smiled once more but shook her head, giving him the same answer as she had Khelgar. “I am grateful for the offer, Casavir. But this is something that I must do myself.”He nodded in understanding, mirroring her smile briefly. “I understand, and I admire your conviction. May the people of Ember guide your blade, and may Tyr and Kelemvor be at your side tomorrow. I shall offer my prayers to both this night.”And then he was gone.------------------------------------------------------There were no more visitors until dawn. Very early in the morning, Sir Nevalle and Sir Grayson finally entered the side chapel, the signal that the trial was looming.“It is time,” Nevalle greeted her grimly, helping Rhaine up from the floor. “Lorne and Torio wait for us on the field.”“You should savor this moment,” Sir Grayson added proudly. “The opportunity to lay down your life for your homeland.”“Lord Nasher wished me to convey to you the importance of this battle, both for you and for Neverwinter,” Nevalle continued. “Luskan has been a thorn in the city’s side for too long, and this trial is a means by which their presence can be eliminated. He has promised you land for your service, and a noble title, should you so wish it. There are dark times ahead, and Lord Nasher needs every loyal hand at his side.”The Doomguide’s lips pressed together in determination. “I shall bring Lorne to justice. Luskan will answer for its crimes.”Nevalle inclined his head to her, a smile pulling at the corners of his mouth. “I can ask for no more. Come, then. The tourney grounds await.”------------------------------------------------------The warm, golden light of the dawn illuminated the tourney grounds in a soft amber glow. Rhaine stood at the top of a dirt walk that led into the arena pit, in which she would be facing Lorne. Shandra was there with her, along with Grobnar, waiting for the signal to meet her opponent on the field.The Doomguide had tucked Sand’s potions and Casavir’s flask into her belt, along with a few extra knives in case Lorne managed to knock Touch of Death out of her hands. Her temple cloak was fastened about her neck instead of her Watch cloak, now, proudly displaying Kelemvor’s golden scales of justice. In addition to her full suit of steel armor, she also wore a matching visored helm, its plume of black and gold feathers, supplied by Sir Grayson. Rhaine hated helmets, and she normally would not have worn one, as they restricted her field of vision too much to suit her. But she understood her knight’s concern: one clean swipe from Lorne’s blade, and it would all be over.Shandra sighed loudly. “Are you sure about this? It’s not too late to choose someone else to fight for you, you know. Not like I don’t have faith in you or anything, but-”“Oh, Shandra! You changed your mind? I’m glad!” Grobnar exclaimed. “Especially after all that crying last night and that phrase you kept saying… what was it again? Oh. ‘I don’t see how she could possibly’…”“Grobnar!”“Woops! Sorry!” the gnomish bard shook his head fiercely. “Tactless… again. Did I say that?”Shandra then suddenly flipped Rhaine’s visor open and twisted the Doomguide towards her to look her in the face. “Look, it’s not like I don’t want that Luskan to pay for his crimes. I do. But that man is built like a mountain. And if you lose… well, he’s beyond our reach.”Rhaine flicked her visor back down with a sharp snap of metal. “I won’t lose. Lorne will be brought to justice. I will make sure of it.”The farmer threw her hands in the air. “Gods, you’re frustrating! Fine! Go ahead and see if you can move all of Faerûn while you’re at it.”After a few moments Grobnar began humming a cheery tune, but gradually stopped. “I wish I could think of a song… but words fail me.”A trumpet blast then echoed over the grounds, signaling the challengers to approach.Kelemvor be with me.Taking a deep and steadying breath, Rhaine made her way down the trench and into the arena pit. The Greycloaks then lit a fire across the path behind her, so there was no chance of retreat. Across from her, Lorne descended as well, the flames behind him backlighting his gigantic form. They met in the middle of the field and then turned to face Lord Nasher, who sat in the royal balcony with Sir Nevalle, Sir Grayson, Judge Oleff, and Torio. It was then Rhaine took the opportunity to look around a bit. The stands were absolutely overflowing with spectators. Her companions, Captain Brelaina, and Marshal Cormick all occupied the front row.“Is the accuser or her champion here?” Nasher inquired, the stands falling silent at the sound of his voice.“We are here,” Lorne growled in answer.“Is the accused or her champion here?”“Here and ready, Lord Nasher,” Rhaine replied.Oleff approached the edge of the balcony. “What happens here in the field today will resolve the crime of the ruin of the village of Ember and the murder of its people. Ambassador Torio Claven has accused a soldier of Neverwinter and has called for a trial by combat to decide the matter. Acting on her behalf is her champion, Lorne, who will fight in her place. We call upon Tyr to help us settle this – his judgment shall come through blade and resolve. Combatants! Ready yourselves.”“May Kelemvor have mercy on your soul, Lorne, for I will not,” Rhaine remarked darkly. He merely growled again in response.With that, they turned away from each other, pacing towards the opposite ends of the field and drawing their weapons along the way. The silence that had fallen over the field was deafening, the sound of the blades ringing from their scabbards echoing around the stone walls of the arena.And then, the trumpets blasted once more, and the audience burst into cheers and whistles. Rhaine whirled back around, concentrating on her spell as she moved and unleashing her magic just as she faced Lorne directly. Green tendrils of energy sprang from her fingertips and wound themselves around Lorne like ropes until he was halted mid-stride, his serrated great falchion frozen high in the air. He could only breathe… not even his eyes could move in their sockets.The crowd roared.Rhaine strode up to the paralyzed man, then, and circled him like a hawk. “How does it feel to be helpless, Lorne? Like those people you killed in Ember?”She called upon more power, this time channeling it into a column of flame that fell from the sky above, engulfing the man in a crackling inferno. Her holding charm released, and she watched as he howled in desperation and pain, throwing himself on the ground and rolling to extinguish the flames from his hide armor. The smell of singed fur filled the air as he launched himself up again and snarled at her, severe burns now evident on his rage-filled countenance.“I will kill you!” he roared, charging at her with impossible speed.His falchion came down faster than she had anticipated. She barely managed to dodge in time, the blade clipping her left pauldron and ripping the armor from her shoulder from the sheer strength of the strike, very nearly sending her to her knees. The crowd gasped as the piece fell to the ground, but she ignored it, Touch of Death whistling as she made a riposte attack on Lorne’s own shoulder, drawing blood as the tip pierced the soft leathers.In a move she hadn’t anticipated, he then swung the falchion horizontally into her side, the jagged edge tearing at the small gap of leather between her breastplate and backplate. The wicked blade bit at her flesh, and she could feel blood trickling beneath the armor as she staggered backwards from the force of the impact. Lorne then rushed her, poised for an overhand strike, but she cast a sonic burst that sent him flying straight into the arena wall, stunned.As he scrambled to reorient himself, she tore Casavir’s flask from her belt, opening her visor and downing the contents in one fluid movement. She didn’t know how bad the wound really was, but she couldn’t take any chances with blood loss.Speaking of which…Rhaine tossed the bottle aside and slammed her visor back down, making an attack on Lorne similar to the one she had used on Zeeaire – utilizing sheer force of will to tear lesions into her opponent’s flesh. Her magic jerked him out of his sonic-induced daze and made him claw at himself as he tried to fight whatever force was cutting him open in a dozen places, a scarlet glow engulfing him. Blood seeped from under the joints of his armor as he leapt to his feet in a rage and rushed her again.This time, she was ready, Touch of Death meeting his blade edge to edge and staggering him with its force.They went head to head, blade clashing against blade with a startling fury. She whirled to the side unexpectedly, causing him to overbalance, and as he stumbled forward, Touch of Death opened a deep gash in his abdomen. It wouldn’t be long, now. Lorne obviously had no way to heal – there were neither potions nor scrolls at his side – and it would only get increasingly worse for him.The Doomguide let her opponent wear himself out, wasting his strength on killing blows that never met their target. He continued to bleed profusely from the wounds she had given him, one of her simplest spells having done the most damage.“Stay still, damn you!” he yelled in frustration.But she continued to dance around him, always remaining just out of reach, circling him at a dizzying pace. Finally, he collapsed to his knees, dropping his falchion into the dirt and bowing his head in defeat.“You…” he gasped. “You think this is over? It will never be over! Garius will still hunt you down like the dog you are, and you will not be able to stop him. So go ahead and kill me if you have the guts.”“I’m not killing someone who refuses to fight back,” Rhaine answered, Touch of Death still poised at his throat.He laughed darkly. “The people of Ember didn’t fight back… and I enjoyed killing every single one of them. Even with your victory here, you have changed nothing. They are still dead.”“And that is why I will see that you join them,” Rhaine shouted, rage fueling her words. “I, myself, will send you to your Judgment, and you will answer for every single death that you caused! Now get up! Get up and fight you worthless Starling coward!”Something in her taunting words must have hit home, because Lorne snatched his discarded falchion and leapt to his feet, bringing the weapon down towards her in a mighty overhanded blow. But he had completely exposed his chest to her ready blade, and she slammed herself into him with all her strength, burying Touch of Death up to its hilt in his heart. Even as the falchion suddenly dropped from his hands, a stuttering gasp escaping him, nothing but hatred burned in his eyes.As the life quickly left them, Rhaine opened her visor and hissed, “May you know the fear that you gave the people of Ember, you bastard.”And at that, she shoved his body off of her sword with her foot, the blade of Touch of Death now crimson with Lorne Starling’s blood. Her foe collapsed in the dirt, lifeless, and when he did not move again, Rhaine looked up at Lord Nasher, panting as she caught her breath.He nodded grimly. “Justice has been done!”The audience erupted in applause, standing as they cheered for Neverwinter’s Squire. Rhaine glanced to her companions, and most of them bore looks of relief and happiness on their faces.“My judgment, as passed at the trial, will now take effect as intended,” Nasher continued. “Luskan’s Arcane Brotherhood will leave the city within three days and will not be permitted within Neverwinter’s walls again. The possessions of the champion, Lorne, are to become the property of the accused. And Torio… you have much to answer for.”As guards seized the Luskan ambassador by the arms to haul her out of the stands, he stood, leaning over the balcony and addressing Rhaine personally, “Now, Squire, I think you are in need of a well-deserved rest. Return to the Sunken Flagon,” he saluted with a grin, “that is an order from your Lord, soldier of Neverwinter.”Now that the trial was officially over, Rhaine’s companions jumped over the arena walls and dashed towards her. Shandra crashed into her with a fierce hug while Khelgar and Grobnar both took a leg, nearly squeezing her thighs in two. Neeshka peeled Shandra off of the Doomguide and embraced Rhaine herself, followed by Elanee, Casavir, and Sand. Qara and Bishop kept their distance, but smiled at her, the former’s perhaps a little more genuine than the latter’s.“Come on, everyone,” Khelgar gleefully cried as Rhaine looped her hands through Sand and Casavir’s proffered arms. “It’s time to celebrate!”All of them laughed heartily at that as they left the field together, the Greycloaks collecting Lorne’s body behind them. Rhaine had fulfilled her promise and cleared her name at last, and her heart was unburdened as she joined her companions in a celebration of her resounding victory.

It had been two months since the farce of a trial. In that time, the focus of the group’s actions shifted towards the lives of Rhaine’s companions. With the hunters of the silver shards now dead, and no one able to locate Ammon Jerro’s Haven, they seemed to have reached a dead end in finding out more about the strange slivers of metal. Additionally, neither Lord Nasher nor Sir Grayson made any more contact with her, and so her duties as a Squire of Neverwinter were practically nonexistent. Even so, Rhaine was not at all upset by this turn of events, glad that everyone’s attention was diverted from her for a while.Neeshka had been dubbed the “best thief in Neverwinter” now that her main rival, Leldon, was dead – and at Rhaine’s hands, no less. The brigand had attempted to kill Neeshka upon her return to the city, and staged a heist on a wealthy collector’s mansion in the Blacklake district in an effort to lure the tiefling rogue to her doom. He hadn’t counted on Rhaine and her friends being there with the fiendling, and he made the mistake of attacking them; Rhaine would have arrested him, but Leldon insisted on being a fool about it. Thus, Neeshka was now safe, happy, and on top of the heap… and there was one less bandit gang in the city to worry about, to boot.Elanee had finally made contact with a long-lost member of her Circle: the Circle of the Mere. She had initially thought them lost after a strange “darkness” had taken over the swamp; before then, the druidess had a hard time putting the feeling she had about the place into words. Ultimately, though, she received a message from a druid of the Neverwinter Wood that her Elder was looking for her, and so she and Rhaine traveled to the Skymirror Lake in order to scry him. Elder Naevan confirmed that the rest of the Circle was lost to an alien and cold darkness, the same that Elanee herself had felt. He implied that the so-called King of Shadows might be making a return, but he could not confirm it, promising he would contact her again when he knew more about the situation.Khelgar the warrior was now Khelgar the monk. Prior Hlam had at first turned the dwarf away from his request to join the Tyrran monks because he lacked the judgment to know what to fight for. But since Rhaine had helped him uncover a relic of his people in the lost Ironfist Clanhold – the Gauntlets of Ironfist – he had realized that his obsessive love for battle had cost his people greatly. That, coupled with his dwindling prejudices and the profound injustice of Rhaine’s trial, made Khelgar rethink his lifestyle. Prior Hlam, satisfied with the dwarf’s change of heart, thus finally allowed him to train in the way of a monk. No longer would he fight with axe and shield, but with hands and feet, and his worn chain armor was replaced with silken robes.Qara had a final confrontation with some of her Academy peers, resulting in their unfortunate deaths. The young wizards were bent on dressing down the arrogant sorceress, and when they refused to allow themselves to be arrested for endangering the Docks with their magics, Rhaine was forced to dispatch them. Afterwards, she and Qara had a heated altercation. The sorceress was understandably upset about being ridiculed for her natural talent for magic, something wizards had a hard time accepting. Rhaine couldn’t criticize her in this regard because she, too, had been in a similar situation not so long ago. But Rhaine berated Qara for her lack of control… a fact that the ignorant sorceress constantly denied.Sand, having thoroughly enjoyed his travels with Rhaine, closed up shop and decided to stay at the Flagon in case she had further need of him – much to Duncan’s chagrin. He and Qara were continuously at loggerheads; the former accused the latter of immaturity and arrogance, and the latter likewise accused the former of bullheaded stupidity. They were both right and wrong to a certain degree, and neither of them was willing to admit it.Bishop and Casavir, too, were constantly at odds with each other, and Rhaine almost always ended up being the peacemaker between them. The paladin sincerely believed that the ranger had only joined with them because of an ulterior motive. Rhaine was reluctant to pass such a judgment, particularly because she had no absolute proof. Nevertheless, at the same time, she did feel quite uncomfortable when Bishop was lurking around, and she had yet to trust him on any level…------------------------------------------------------After a time, Rhaine decided to make a visit to West Harbor again, for a myriad of reasons that were growing by the day. First, someone had to inform Rhetta of her eldest son’s fate, and as his slayer, the Doomguide felt responsible for delivering the grim message. In addition, she thought it prudent to let them know that their attackers had finally been eliminated, so the villagers could breathe a little easier. Second, the local Lathanderite priestess of Neverwinter, Dawnbringer Natrisse, had asked her to deliver a tithe box to Brother Merring on the off-chance that Rhaine headed back south. And, finally, Shandra seemed to have an insatiable curiosity regarding Rhaine’s origins. The Doomguide herself also had a few questions she wanted to ask Daeghun, and so she thought it an appropriate time to tie up some loose ends.Only Shandra and Casavir traveled with her, however. The paladin had insisted on coming for added protection, as the roads south of Fort Locke were becoming ever more dangerous – folk talked of shadows and dark figures walking the Mere at night. Luckily, the threesome encountered no such foes along the way, and they easily reached the small swamp village within a tenday.Angel’s hoofbeats were dull thuds as the mare traversed the damp dirt road. Shandra rode behind Rhaine, holding on to the Doomguide’s belt. Casavir and his stallion trotted behind and to the side, constantly scanning the sides of the road for potential danger. As they finally approached the outskirts of the town, Rhaine slowed Angel to a walk and gestured to the humble settlement before them.“Well, here we are.”Shandra leaned forward and peered over the priestess’s shoulder. “Wow. It’s still a little hard to believe you grew up here. Must’ve been hard, living in a Mere village.”Rhaine laughed a little. “Not really. Like I said… most of my teenage years, I lived in Waterdeep.”After a moment, the Doomguide helped Shandra dismount and then slid from Angel’s saddle herself. Casavir, too, dismounted and led his horse beside Angel. Rhaine was in the middle of tying her reins loosely to the wheat field fence when she glimpsed Georg across the way. She waved, and his tall and burly form came eagerly jogging up to meet her.“Hey, hey! Good to see you again, Rhaine!” he greeted her cheerily, embracing the priestess momentarily with a broad grin on his face. “Decide to come back and pay us a visit, eh? Suppose it’s not for good?”Rhaine shook her head grimly. “No, Georg, it’s not. I do have to return to Neverwinter, soon. But there was some business I had with Rhetta, Merring, and Daeghun. Are they still around?”He nodded. “Rhetta’s in the house taking care of a sick Danan. Daeghun just got back from a hunting trip and is cleaning his kills by the bridge. And Merring should be somewhere around here, although I haven’t seen him yet this morning.”“Thank you, Georg. Oh,” she gestured her companions, “and this is Shandra of Highcliff and Casavir.”Georg bowed with a flourish, taking Shandra’s hand. “A pleasure, young lady.”Shandra cast a sideways glance at Rhaine and blushed. “Err… a pleasure to meet you, too.”He then straightened and looked Casavir up and down with a warm smile. “And well met to you, boy! Did you find Rhaine here in some seedy tavern and sweep her off her feet?”The paladin chuckled heartily. “Not exactly, no. But it is an honor to know her; there is much to admire.”Georg nodded knowingly. “Well said.”Now Rhaine was the one blushing.“Ah, Georg… why don’t you show these two around the village a bit while I take care of a few things?”He grinned again. “Certainly! I’d love to share some embarrassing stories about your childhood, too.”He poked her in the arm as her face flushed even redder.“Georg!”Sighing, she shook her head and turned away from the others as Georg occupied them, finally spying brother Merring pumping water from the town’s well. Making her way over to the priest, she patted him on the shoulder gently. “Hello there, Brother.”He glanced up abruptly, slightly startled. “Oh, Rhaine! You’re back! How wonderful – are you here to stay, good Sister?” he asked.She shook her head. “No, I’m here only briefly, I’m afraid. I actually have something to deliver. From Neverwinter. Look,” she pulled the tithe box out of her pack and proferred it to him, “Dawnbringer Natrisse told me to bring this back to you.”He took the box and sighed heavily, closing his eyes. “I told that woman displays of wealth do not mean anything to you Harbormen. But I thank you, nonetheless. I shall keep it for emergencies only. Was there anything else you needed, Rhaine?”“No, Brother Merring,” she replied with a small smile. “I have a bit more business with Daeghun and Rhetta, and then I must depart for Neverwinter once more. But it was good seeing you again. Lathander guide you.”“And you, Sister Rhaine.”With that, the Doomguide left the well to seek out Daeghun. She headed towards the opposite end of town, to where the West Harbor Bridge spanned a small stream. Just as Georg had said, she found the elf cleaning his kills in the fresh water.Not even looking up from his work, he addressed her several paces before she reached him. “You have returned… though the birds whisper that it is not for good. What brings you back to us, daughter?”Walking up to the edge of the creek, she sat cross-legged beside him. “I have news of the shards. The beings hunting them were the githyanki, and they are now dead by my hand. Their last stronghold on this plane has been destroyed.”He glanced sideways at her, brow lifted. “Githyanki? I should have known. They are a relentless people. But why were they hunting so intently for the shards, I wonder?”Her lips thinned. “They are pieces of a broken githyanki silver sword, shattered at the Battle of West Harbor – the same battle that killed my mother and buried a piece of that sword within me.”Daeghun’s brown eyes met hers abruptly, and she could briefly see a flash of pain in their depths, just before they hardened. “Duncan told you, didn’t he?”“About the battle, and my wound, yes. But I am still very much in the dark about my mother,” Rhaine answered tersely. The elf had turned away from her once more and was about to continue skinning a rabbit when she siezed him by the shoulders to face her. “Daeghun, please… I need to know more about Esmerelle. Without knowing about her, it’s like I don’t know myself… as if part of me is missing.”At that, Daeghun sighed heavily, briefly closing his eyes as she let go of him. “I know. I probably should not have kept it from you for so long. But I just thought… I just thought it would be too much for you to handle.”For several long moments, he was silent, and the Doomguide saw his throat bob as he swallowed and gazed into the distant swamp. Then, finally, he shook his head as he began quietly, “When your mother was a little older than yourself, adventure sought her out as well. We met in a tavern and banded together out of mutual necessity. We traveled in this way for a time, but we soon realized that, out of the original group, only we were left. I had had enough of blood and death, and so I retired here to West Harbor with my Shayla. I gradually became content; a heart can heal over time.“But your mother was spun of a different silk and maintained her vitality in spite of loss. She continued on to weave a grander tale. When Esmerelle finally came back to us many years later, she was thick with child – you. And before you ask, no, she never mentioned a father, and in my homeland we respect silence about such things. Though, since she was the Sun Elf in the relationship, I’m assuming that your father was indeed human.”He paused and gazed at her for a moment, a smile playing about his lips. “You look so much like her, you know. Your eyes, your mouth… and your ears, of course.”They both chuckled lightly. He almost seemed cheerful for a few moments.“She would stay with us and sit beside the hearth,” he continued at length, “and we would retell stories of our adventures together. After you were born, she would rock you in that same chair and sing to you. Those were… happy times.“And then,” his voice became choked with emotion, and the sorrow visibly came crashing back down upon him, “I lost everything. Again.”His body shuddered, and he put his head in his hands as grief consumed him. Rhaine carefully placed her own upon his shoulder, but he shrugged her off. “Please. Leave me.”The Doomguide couldn’t deny that she was hurt at his words, but she silently obeyed, departing as quietly as she had approached. She then headed towards the Starling home, ready to deliver one last bit of news before leaving again for Neverwinter.When she knocked on the door, it was Bevil who greeted her with a joyful embrace. “Rhaine! Welcome back! Come in, come in,” he ushered her inside, all the while calling, “Mother! Rhaine’s home!”At his words, Rhetta rushed into the kitchen where Rhaine and Bevil stood. “My goodness! It’s so good to see you again dear, please have a seat.”Upon her invitation, they sat together at the table, and Rhaine began, “I’m only here momentarily, I’m afraid, as I have some news to deliver.”Bevil looked a little downcast, but Rhetta nodded her understanding. “Of course, dear. I’m sure you have more things to do in Neverwinter… we heard the rumors that you were Nasher’s newest Squire.”“That I am,” Rhaine replied with a dip of her head. “But, have you heard anything about Lorne, then?”Both Rhetta’s and Bevil’s eyes widened in response. “No! I haven’t!” the former exclaimed, leaning across the table eagerly. “Do you have news of him? You know, he was missing ever since the war between Neverwinter and Luskan, and I was so hoping…”“He’s dead,” Rhaine interjected quietly, knowing no other way to say it without unfairly prolonging Rhetta’s feeble hope. “I’m sorry.”Face visibly falling, his mother went silent for many moments, looking off through a window for a long while before speaking again. “I thought… when I hadn’t heard from him in so many years… that that might have been the case. But, what happened? Why didn’t we-”Rhaine held up a hand to stop her, taking a breath to steady herself as she explained, “Luskan framed me for the murder of the village of Ember – an act that Lorne himself committed. He had defected to the Luskans’ side some time during the war, and he became the servant of one of the Hosttower mages there. When the issue came down to a trial by combat to prove my innocence, Lorne was the one who opposed me in the arena… and I killed him.”When she finished, it was so quiet in the house one could have heard a pin drop. Bevil’s mouth was hanging open, and Rhetta’s wide eyes had teared over, though she pressed her lips together tightly to keep them from flowing.“I’m sorry, Rhetta,” Rhaine continued gently, repeating her sincere apology. “I wish there could have been another way. But Lorne had to answer for his crimes, and it was either him or me on that field…”She nodded slowly, swallowing heavily. “I know, dear. I know. I do not blame you. I just wish… I can’t believe… after all this time he was alive, and…”The tears began to spill freely from her eyes, then, silencing her. As Bevil moved to comfort his mother, Rhaine solemnly stood, pushing in her chair.“I think I shall leave you both to your grief, now,” she said softly, retreat seemingly her only option. She knew that not even her training as a Doomguide could help soothe them, now, and it was probably best for all parties that she simply leave the premesis.Neither of the Starlings answered her as she left their house.When she stepped outside at last, she noticed that Georg had brought Casavir and Shandra full circle, and both companions now waited for her by the horses. Rhaine simply nodded to them, and they mounted up, the Doomguide seating herself in front of Shandra when she reached the white mare’s side.“I trust Georg didn’t bore you too much with his fanciful tales?”“Not too much,” Shandra laughed. “What about you? Find out anything more about your mother, or maybe even your father?”Rhaine nodded as she directed Angel towards the road. “She was a Sun Elf, and an adventurer like Duncan and Daeghun. Apparently they had quite the time together in their youth.”“Wow,” Shandra commented, “I guess it’s in the blood, eh? Thanks for sharing… and thanks for bringing me along with you. It’s nice to know more about you, rather than just listen to you bark orders about where we should go all day long. Without knowing anything about your humble past, you seem a whole lot larger than life – like some kind of storybook hero.”Rhaine chuckled, kicking Angel into a trot and following the path northward. “You’re not much different than I, you know. Not so long ago, you were a farmer from a small farm on the outskirts of Highcliff, and now you’re traveling alongside me, fighting like you’ve done it all your life.”Shandra snorted. “Well, I’m glad you think so.”They fell silent, and the only sound as they left the village far behind was the steady thump of the horses’ hooves upon the earth. Rhaine’s thoughts about her mother and of Daeghun were now replaced with sickening worry for Bevil.She feared she had just lost her other childhood friend. Just in a different way.------------------------------------------------------A few days after she returned to the Flagon, Rhaine received a message from a courier concerning the sage Aldanon. Apparently, the eccentric old man had made a discovery concerning the silver shards and requested her presence as soon as possible. Rhaine and her companions, eager to find out what the sage had learned, immediately set out for Aldanon’s manse. Unfortunately, they arrived to find the house under siege. The Watch was in a standoff with bandits outside the mansion, with a nearly dead Marshal Cormick between them. Rhaine managed to convince the brigands to surrender without killing Cormick, but the Watch had to promise to let them walk free.It was a small price to pay for the Marshal’s life.Inside, more bandits had set up traps and ambushes all throughout the house. Neeshka deftly disarmed every trap before the group made their final move on the bandit leader, who was close to slaying Aldanon’s servants – the old man himself was missing. Once rescued, the sage’s butler told Rhaine of Aldanon’s discovery: another silver shard was in the possession of a ring of Neverwintan lords, passed from one to the other, and each of those lords had been assassinated via summoned demons in the recent past…… save for one. Cyran Tavorick.Thus, Rhaine immediately rushed to Lord Nasher to inform him of the high risk of attack on another of his nobles. In response, Nasher dispatched both her and a small contingent of elite Greycloaks to Lord Tavorick’s manor. Nasher hoped that, with added protection, the serial murderer would be foiled and either captured or brought to justice on the spot.Things were going well and fairly uneventful until night fell, at which point demons of every ilk assaulted the manor… from imps to succubi to even a Hezrou. They were forced to retreat into the family crypt, but in the end, Tavorick was kept safe. Unfortunately, however, the shard was not. The lord had actually handed it off to one of the Neverwinter Nine, Melia, who disguised herself as an escort from the Moonstone Mask in an effort to lure the murderer away from the mansion and into a trap.Rhaine and her friends quickly departed for the Mask, but failed to arrive in time. Melia and her Greycloaks were already dead upon the brothel’s floor, and a strange-looking man with glowing tattoos on his bald pate stood over her bloodied corpse, the glittering silver shard clutched in his hand.“You have come too late to save this one,” he snarled, “and if you seek the shard, I have that as well.” He grinned, teeth yellow against his ruddy beard. “It seems to me all you have left is your life. And that can easily be remedied.”Suddenly, he opened twin portals to the Hells with but a wave of his hand and summoned forth two Nessian war hounds, their dog-like forms as large as horses. He then teleported away as his hounds attacked Rhaine and her companions – a tough fight, indeed, but one that at last ended in victory.“Who… was that?” Grobnar panted, leaning his tiny form against the brothel’s outer wall as he struggled to catch his breath.“A warlock,” Casavir supplied, he too resting against a broken table as he recovered, “and a powerful one.”“Whoever he is,” Elanee added, “we now know him to be our murderer. And it seems one hunter of the silver shards has been replaced with another.”“What’s so important about those damned things that they have everyone from the Nine Hells to the Astral Plane looking for them?” Bishop demanded.“That’s a very good question,” Rhaine replied wearily. “And one that cannot be answered… yet. For now, all I can do is report this information to Nasher.”------------------------------------------------------Lord Nasher was in the middle of a discussion with a short and rotund woman when Rhaine arrived in Castle Never once more. The Doomguide approached the throne carefully and bowed, unsure if Nasher would hear her now, or if he would prefer to wait.“Ah, Rhaine. Were you able to protect Cyran?” he inquired upon seeing her near, turning his attention to her.“Yes, but Melia of the Nine is dead, and the killer evaded capture,” she replied solemnly.“What? That is… unfortunate indeed. Melia’s loss weakens the Nine greatly,” Nasher replied just as gravely, leaning back on his throne for a moment and blinking as he absorbed the information.“Does my lordship have any idea how to proceed from here?” Rhaine asked tentatively.He remained silent for a breath or two before answering, “We must wait for another opportunity to catch this cold-blooded killer. For now, let us turn our attention to Sydney Natale.” He gestured to the woman he’d been speaking to. She was dressed in drab robes, a black star tattooed over one eye, and her hair was short and messy, appearing to have been blonde once but now peppered with steely grey. She bowed to Rhaine in response to her introduction.“This is the new Luskan Ambassador to Neverwinter,” Nasher continued, “and she was just telling me of a threat to the city that the Hosttower has uncovered.”Rhaine put her hands on her hips, raising one eyebrow critically at the Luskan woman. “So you’re telling me that Hosttower now wants to play friendly with Neverwinter after burning Ember to the ground and framing me for the villagers’ murder?”Sydney mirrored her expression. “I assure you that Luskan had no knowledge of the situation in Ember, and only recently discovered the true culprit of that unfortunate situation. I convey my sincerest apologies that such an event occurred. But what’s done is done. We cannot change the past and can only move forward from here.“This so-called Black Garius, the self-styled ‘Master of the Fifth Tower’… quite a silly and arrogant notion, mind you… has been play-acting as a Luskan official. It was not we who ordered the attack on Ember, but he. Additionally, it was not we who sent fleets to raid Ruathym, but Garius. He is also the one who used hired mercenaries to infiltrate Neverwinter – mercenaries that you, dear Squire, so effectively dispatched.”“Sydney believes that Garius is after a powerful tome which Ruathym possesses – the Tome of Iltkizar,” Nasher elaborated. “This tome, according to legend, has sufficient power and information to facilitate the construction of an army of golems.”“It is also our belief that, due to Garius’s proximity to the city, he plans to use these golems in an assault on Neverwinter,” Sydney added. “We have significant cause to believe that he is attempting to harness the power of the King of Shadows from years past, as well.”“So, where exactly is this ‘Black’ Garius?” Rhaine inquired.“He has naturally centered himself at one of the key locations of the Shadow War,” Sydney replied, opening a map in her hands and pointing to the place in question. “Crossroad Keep, just across the Neverwinter River to the south and within a very close proximity to Highcliff.”“I have ordered Nevalle to send Cloaktower mages to this Crossroad Keep in an attempt to shut down Garius’s operations,” Nasher finished. “I want you, Squire, to meet them there and oversee the mission. Stop Garius at all costs… we cannot afford a failure in this.”Despite her significant misgivings about this new Luskan ambassador and her convenient explanations, Rhaine bowed deeply to her liege lord. “Yes, milord. It shall be done.”But as she departed to prepare herself and her companions for their assault on Crossroad Keep, she couldn’t help but think about this “King of Shadows.” Was this the evil that Zeeaire spoke of? Everywhere Rhaine went, the epithet kept cropping up, until it began to feel like more than mere coincidence. And now that she knew Garius was attempting to gain this dark power of years past for himself, she felt more and more certain that this was her true enemy.Yet how was a githyanki silver sword tied to the King of Shadows in particular? Had the gith fought the King of Shadows at the Battle of West Harbor? And why was yet another person hunting for the shards of that sword? Any time one mystery was resolved, it seemed three more cropped up.Rhaine was so very tired of having more questions than answers.

It was just past nightfall when they reached Crossroad Keep, the crickets chirruping all around them. At one time, the keep might have been a magnificent structure, with tall, crenelated parapets and soaring towers. Now, though, it was falling apart, with crumbling perimeter turrets and huge gaps in the walls. A large and flat stretch of fallow farmland lay before the small castle, dotted with long-abandoned, dilapidated farmhouses. From one of these structures, a white-robed elf emerged, dashing over to them. His lithe form was blindingly bright in the silvery moonlight.“I’m with the Many-Starred Cloaks,” he called, a note of worry in his voice. “Hurry and get over here, before you give us away!”They rushed with him to one rundown house, huddling together behind the decrepit building with at least a dozen other Cloaktower mages. Rhaine peered around the wall at the keep, noticing that there were two guards standing vigil on either side of a wooden gate.“So, what are we up against?” the Doomguide asked quietly.“The Luskans have at least twenty men in the courtyard and a handful more in the keep itself,” the elf replied. “Most of those soldiers will be asleep – they shouldn’t be a problem. The Arcane Brotherhood, on the other hand, could prove to be a quite the challenge.“The Luskans only open the main gate for the guards’ shift changes, one of which should be coming up soon,” he continued. “I recommend we strike them hard and fast, taking them by surprise and hopefully interrupting their plans. And we do need to act quickly; from what intelligence we were able to gather, they’re doing something very bad in there.”“Right then,” Rhaine answered, her face set in a grim expression of determination. “We’re ready on your command.”The elf smirked, “It’s still a bit before their next shift change – let’s let them sleep a little longer, shall we?”Neeshka snorted as the companions and the mages made themselves as comfortable as they could, trying their best to relax before what could be the toughest fight of their lives.------------------------------------------------------“It’s time! The Luskans are opening the gate! Let’s go!”The companions charged for the keep the moment the next shift change began, the Many-Starred Cloaks close on their heels. Bishop and Grobnar both landed killing shots on the guards as they turned their backs to go inside. The fresh reliefs for the two slain Luskans were then met with fireballs and lightning bolts to the face as the Cloaktower mages unleashed their formidable power.“Get into the courtyard!” Rhaine yelled, continuing her sprint at the head of the group, “Rush them!”As they pushed into the courtyard of Crossroad Keep, the entire place erupted into mass pandemonium. Soldiers with only a few pieces of armor on scrambled to find their weapons and shields. Archers perched on the crumbling walls tried to pick the off the Neverwintans, while the Many-Starred Cloaks retaliated with their powerful magics. Rhaine and her companions took on the melee fighters, she herself going head to head with the Luskan guard commander.He wasn’t their commander for nothing. The lithe and agile man, armored from head to toe in flexible scale-mail, swung his halberd with astonishing ease. Rhaine didn’t have time to think of a spell to cast as she was too busy dodging the whistling blade of her opponent. The duel seemed to go on for hours as the Doomguide could not find an opening in which to strike. All of her blows were parries, trying desperately to keep the halberd from reaching its intended target. Finally, though, Neeshka managed to slit his throat from behind, her small dagger fitting easily between his helm and collar.During the commotion, Rhaine didn’t even notice that half of the Luskan men had retreated into the keep itself, barring the doors from the inside. Once the dust cleared, the mages attempted to blast the doors open with fireballs, but to no avail. The pale elf cursed as he glanced in Rhaine’s direction. “Hrast! They’ve got mages on the other side counterspelling us. Squire, there are escape tunnels to the southwest, carved into the hillside that this keep is built upon. Go see if you can take the wizards out from behind… we’ll be ready to join you when you do. Hurry!”At that, the companions quickly made for the gates again, leaving the courtyard and heading back towards the High Road. They found the entrance to the escape tunnels a little ways off of a dirt path, partially hidden by overgrown brush. Once inside, they had no trouble making their way to the keep’s secret exit, only having to fight a few giant spiders and stag beetles along the way.------------------------------------------------------Bishop carefully opened the rotting wooden door that separated the keep’s main floor from the escape tunnels. Once he examined the area, he waved the rest inside. The pungent smell of damp earth, mold, and magical residue filled their nostrils as they all crept forward slowly, trying not to warn the opposition of their presence with any unnecessary noise.Lo and behold, standing next to a mildewed bookcase and casually browsing a gigantic tome, was Aldanon. He turned upon hearing noise behind him, his expression stern until he saw Rhaine’s face. “Ah! So you’ve been invited by Garius, too?”“We haven’t been invited, Aldanon,” Rhaine hissed in irritation, gripping her sword tight, “and neither have you! Keep your voice down; we’re trying to route the Arcane Brotherhood holed up here. Is Garius with them?”He didn’t bother lowering his voice. “Of course he is. Just a little while ago he asked me for my expertise about some kind of Illefarn ritual.”“Aldanon,” Elanee whispered, eyes widening, “he could be doing this ritual right now!”He waved his hand in the air as if to clear it. “Nonsense! I’m sure he’d do nothing of the sort. He seemed quite level-headed to me… only an idiot would contemplate doing such a horrible thing.”“Who’s the idiot?” Neeshka muttered.At that, Rhaine siezed Aldanon by the shoulders. “Look. You need to get out of here and warn Neverwinter of what’s going on. Now go! And don’t stop until you’re kneeling in front of Lord Nasher’s throne!”“Really, I don’t understand what the fuss is-”“Go!” Rhaine shoved him none-too-gently towards the escape tunnels, tired of his aimless protesting.He brushed himself off with an eye roll and snorted. “Silly youngsters and their exuberance…”At last, though, he departed, and Rhaine shook her head as she crept up to another door. She could hear the sounds of magic being cast beyond and wondered if it was the Brotherhood dispelling the Many-Starred Cloaks. Looking back at her companions to make sure they were ready, she opened the door…… and the rest of the Luskan men charged them, ready for them after the first attack. Sure enough, there were two Arcane Brotherhood mages facing the keep doors, holding up a powerful ward to keep the Cloaktower wizards from breaking through. Sand managed to dispel their magic, while Qara followed up with a fireball to incinerate them. The Many-Starred Cloaks then came bursting into the room, and with their combined forces, the Neverwintans easily wiped out the remnants of the Luskan soldiers. In minutes, the guards were simply a pile of bloody and charred corpses.After pausing a moment, the pale elf remarked with a grin, “Well that was-”But he was cut off as suddenly, a force of dark magic cracked like a whip across their minds, leaving them wearied and lightheaded in its wake. Rhaine swayed precariously as she felt like she would lose consciousness…Sand put his hands to his temples, as if he were in great pain. “Nngh… that would be our impending doom…”The Cloaktower mage’s eyes widened in horror. “They’re doing the ritual now? We’ve got to stop them!”They hurried towards the basement, but a contingent of strange priests barred the way. They were garbed in black robes, with strange symbols hanging from their necks, ones that Rhaine did not recognize. The companions wasted no time with them, slaying the shadowy priests like their Luskan guards and opening the door to the basement level. But then, at the bottom of the stairs, they saw something waiting for them that made them all begin backing up very, very slowly.A blade golem, like the one they found in the githyanki caves north of Ember.And this one was activated.------------------------------------------------------“Oh my,” Grobnar whispered. “That one doesn’t look nice at all.”“Of course it doesn’t, genius, it’s a hrasting construct!” Bishop snapped sharply. “Arrows will do no good, and neither will most weapons.”“It is made of metal alloys. Acid should do the trick,” Sand murmured. “As would fire. Electricity is just a bad idea all the way around.”Sand, Qara, and the Cloaktower mages began chanting evocation spells of varying degrees. Upon the sound of intruders, the golem began charging towards them, its bladed arms swinging wildly. The spellcasters unleashed their power as one, releasing it upon the activated construct. Luckily, as they had hoped, the construct burst apart at the seams from the combined force of fire and acid. The group then proceeded down the hall past its broken form, the sounds of dark magic growing ever louder in their ears.“This is it,” the pale elf said grimly. “Let’s crash their little party, shall we?”In a room beyond, there were five Arcane Brotherhood mages, all connected together by threads of scarlet negative energy. These threads converged on a man in the middle of their star formation, whom Rhaine assumed was Black Garius. His silver eyes met hers as she emerged, and he smiled cruelly, addressing the mages, “Keep concentrating. The rest of you, kill them!”More mercenaries stepped from the shadows, and the Luskans and Neverwintans clashed with a fury of swords and spells. These warriors were much more skilled than the soldiers above, and they proved to be far more resilient as well. The battle was long and heated, and for a time it did not appear as if either side was winning. Slowly and gradually, however, the Luskans began to falter, and one by one they fell to the companions’ combined resolve.The members of the Arcane Brotherhood who surrounded Garius, fearful for their own lives then, began to lose their concentration on their spell, and the scarlet magic went rampant, snapping with a sickening sound from one man to the next with ravishing and lethal power until it lifted Garius from the floor of the room in a noxious cloud.“What have you done to me?!” he howled as the dark energy ripped through him and then deposited him and the Brotherhood mages on the floor of the basement together, dead.“Search the bodies,” Rhaine commanded after a moment. “See if you can find anything of interest.”Neeshka promptly obeyed, helping herself to the myriad of jewels, gold, and trinkets on the dead wizards’ corpses. Most of them turned up nothing, not even incriminating documents, until Rhaine found quite the gem on Garius’s own body…… another silver shard.It seemed that yet another party was interested in gathering these broken bits of metal. Rhaine began to wonder the same thing that Bishop had brought up in the Moonstone Mask: what was so important about these things that had so many varying factions looking for them? Even willing to kill over them? It made no sense…“If you’re done, let’s get out of here,” the pale elf called behind them. “We need to search for prisoners and take care of these bodies.”It was then, as they prepared to leave, that Casavir placed a gauntleted hand on Rhaine’s shoulder, speaking quietly as he leaned close. “Do you get the sense that this is not over?”The Doomguide met his eyes and nodded gravely. “I do.”Somehow, even with Garius’s defeat, it felt as though they had unleashed something that could not be put back in its cage…------------------------------------------------------Rhaine walked with Sir Nevalle into Captain Brelaina’s office. Aldanon was in the middle of an explanation – or, rather, argument – with the Captain on the nature of a prisoner whom the Many-Starred Cloaks had rescued from Crossroad Keep. Rhaine herself had been summoned to the Watch Offices because this prisoner had apparently asked for her by name.Brelaina glanced away from Aldanon to see Rhaine enter, and she smiled broadly. “Welcome back, Lieutenant. Master Aldanon and I were just discussing Garius’s prisoner – a woman, not of Neverwinter or Luskan, or perhaps even this very plane. I had hoped you would be able to help us identify her or her intentions here.”“If you would just listen!” Aldanon exclaimed. “This prisoner is of the same blood of the githyanki, and yet not. Both were once one people at one time. But time is variable depending upon the plane, especially the Astral Plane, and-”“Is this prisoner a threat or not?” Brelaina snapped.The sage shook his head. “I can’t tell you that! All I can say is that the githyanki and githzerai have been at war with each other for millennia, which I would say makes her an ally to the Squire here. Well met to you again, by the way, you seem to be everywhere…”Before Rhaine could reply, Aldanon began sauntering towards the door. “She was quite reasonable when we were at Crossroad Keep… and speaking of the keep, I’m going to head back to its library and resume the research I was conducting there before I was so rudely interrupted.”At that, the sage departed, the office door slamming behind him. Brelaina sighed heavily, putting her head in one hand and rubbing her temples. “I think it is best that you go ahead and speak with her, Rhaine. She seemed rather insistent.”The Captain then turned to the locked cell door beside her, rattling some keys as she opened the locks, and then swung the door open. Out stepped a strange-looking woman. She bore the same overall appearance of a githyanki, just as Aldanon had implied, but upon further inspection, there were also several differences to note. Her grey-green skin was smoother, and her stature was much more petite than Zeeaire’s had been. Her chestnut hair was fashioned in an elaborate twist at the back of her head, pinned in place with a shining silver barrette. She had elf-like ears, adorned with several earrings each. Upon her face was a white lace and satin veil that left only her pale yellow eyes visible above it. As for clothing, she wore a dark grey leather corset, skirt, and sandals, all embellished with glowing orange jewels.Her startlingly steady gaze locked upon Rhaine, and she stood still for several moments before speaking. Though not visible past her veil, a smile seemed to spread across her face, as her cheeks rose above it, and the corners of her eyes squinted.“I felt your presence before I set eyes upon you… Kalach-cha,” she said, her voice quite low and rough for a woman’s. Yet, unlike Zeeaire’s, it possessed a certain warmth to it that was disarming.Rhaine, however, could practically feel Nevalle stiffening behind her. She approached the woman slowly, unsure of whether or not the prisoner would make any sudden moves. “They said you asked for me by name. What is yours?”“Your name,” the woman replied, “is not how I know you. As for myself, you may call me Zhjaeve.”Rhaine’s brow furrowed at her words. “Then how do you know me… Zhjaeve?”The githzerai met her eyes fearlessly. “I know you by the title our enemies have laid upon you: Kalach-cha. It has traveled far, even reaching the ears of my people. At first, we thought the githyanki did not know that of which they spoke… that they had erred in their judgment. But now that I stand before you, I see the truth; the key by which you may know yourself lies within you.”Rhaine shook her head, confused. “Pardon me. I’m not sure I understand what you are saying.”“You do not understand because you do not know what it is that you are, what it is you are to become, and what it is you are to face,” Zhjaeve continued. “I know much of the problems that beset both your people and mine... the reason behind these attacks on your homeland. You alone are the key to defeating our mutual enemy, and know that you will have no greater ally in this than I. In exchange for my aid, I simply ask that you let me walk freely, so that I may travel at your side. I have borne this indignity,” she gestured to her cell, “because I knew it would bring you to me, and a greater truth can now be revealed.”“So all you want in exchange for your knowledge is to travel with me?”“Yes. And in freeing me, know that you will gain more than you could have ever gleaned from the lips of your enemies,” Zhjaeve replied sincerely. “Please… release me from this prison, and I will tell you all that I know of this growing darkness.”Nevalle shifted uneasily behind Rhaine. “We promise you an honest hearing, and if your tale rings true, we will then grant you your freedom.”“Then listen to me, and know this threat for what it truly is,” she answered, “but we cannot do it here. I must see what it is that you would fight for – what you have and would spill blood for. I want to know this plane I am to assist you in saving.”Sir Nevalle nodded his understanding. “I have just the place in mind. Squire Rhaine, make your way back to Crossroad Keep as soon as you are able. I will meet you there.”------------------------------------------------------To Rhaine’s surprise, they returned to Crossroad Keep to find it in a state of reconstruction. Workers were busy clearing rubble and removing the Luskan banners from the walls. It appeared as though they were renovating it for a new tenant…Nevalle placed a hand on Rhaine’s shoulder, seemingly comforting and encouraging at the same time. “It has seen better days, and it will again.”She smiled. “It should. Such a magnificent structure deserves better than to lay in disrepair.”The knight nodded in agreement. “This castle was destroyed in the war with the King of Shadows, long ago. I have brought you back to this place under orders from Lord Nasher. It is here, perhaps, that your new ally can see what we will be fighting for.”He walked with Rhaine into the courtyard, gesturing to the workers around her and uttering words that she never would have expected, “These people are yours to command as you see fit. You are now their Captain, under Neverwinter’s banner. Make this keep ready for war, gather allies to your side, and be prepared to strike when our newfound enemy decides to show itself; according to the Hosttower, we have little time to waste. Garius’s infernal plans, despite his defeat, have inevitably produced a much larger threat.“To help you in your task, Lord Nasher has assigned to you your own personal lieutenant, Kana. Additionally, he has provided you with a master mason from Cormyr, Veedle. I will also have a cohort of one hundred of my men dispatched to the Keep as soon as possible.”Rhaine reeled in shock. She looked around at the castle, mouth agape, turning in place as she took in the whole place in a state of utter disbelief. Nevalle smiled warmly at her. “You are mistress of this keep, now… a title you have earned through blood and sacrifice. You have my trust, Rhaine, and that of Lord Nasher.”Then, he bowed to her, slowly backing away. “I shall take my leave now, Captain, as I have much to do. But I will return on occasion to monitor your progress. May fortune smile upon you, Rhaine, and may the gods watch over us all. These are dark times, and they will only get worse from here.”------------------------------------------------------Zhjaeve stood with Rhaine on the keep’s battlements, watching the sun set over the glimmering Sea of Swords, far to the west. She was still a bit overwhelmed by her newfound station, but her astonishment had been gradually replaced with determination. She could not fail Lord Nasher, not when he had put this much confidence in her.The githzerai was silent for some time, scanning the horizon and the surrounding environs as if she were drinking in its very substance. The castle was set atop a very large hill, and the town of Highcliff was visible far below and slightly to the southwest. From the highest tower they could see the city of Neverwinter, standing as a glimmering white jewel across the river to the north. Southwards, though, towards the Mere of Dead Men, the land in the distance looked hazy and murky… and not because of the swamp. It felt as if something were beginning to gather there – to hang over it like a shroud. Rhaine now understood what Elanee meant about the “strange darkness” of Merdelain, the elvish term for the Mere.“Look,” Zhjaeve said, pointing to that darkness, “even now, the shadows gather. Yet the beauty of this plane persists. It is not surprising that our enemies wish to see it destroyed.”Rhaine nodded. “Now that you have seen my land and my people, will you tell me what you know about this new threat?”“I will, as I have promised you,” the githzerai replied, “but know that what you see here is not the first occurrence of such things. It is but a taste of what has happened in the past and will happen again in the near future. And it is all part of something more… as great as the divide that split my people on the blade of Gith, and it is also tied to that very sword.She gestured to the Mere again. “These shadows… there is a King behind them, and he has fought on this plane before against the githyanki. He first attacked them in the Astral Plane, and there were thousands of deaths before the King of Shadows was finally driven away. But despite this, they were unable to defeat him… only destroy the portal through which he came. They were denied a victory, and they did not forget him. They sought a way to retaliate.“But even as terrible as the githyanki are, as relentless as they are, know that the threat from the King of Shadows is far greater.” Zhjaeve paused, then, as if giving Rhaine time to absorb the information.“So,” the Doomguide began at length, letting out a long breath. “Where is this King of Shadows and how do I stop him?”Zhjaeve sighed. “The King of Shadows was not always evil… he was once a great protector of an empire, the empire that existed here on this very soil before the rise of men. He was the light of Illefarn, bound to the very magic of the Weave itself. There was a ritual to create him, and there was also a ritual to destroy him when the empire needed him no longer. It is this Ritual of Purification that I believe we can use to bring him peace at last. We’ll need to go to the ruins of the city of Arvahn to do this.”Rhaine closed her eyes, thinking about the githzerai’s cryptic words. A long moment of silence passed before she opened them again. “It all seems so… desperate. As if we are grasping at straws, here. But if it is what I must do to defeat this threat, I shall.”Zhjaeve nodded solemnly. “Know that this path is indeed a dangerous one. The Illefarn themselves tried to defeat the King of Shadows after he had become corrupted, but they were unable to do so. And even now he makes his presence known beyond his prison in the Shadow Plane.”“You make it sound as if we are losing the battle already,” Rhaine murmured, leaning against a crumbling crenellation.Zhjaeve shook her head. “Perhaps. If we do nothing, then we are indeed lost. But there is more that we can do to stop this. Your title of Kalach-cha… even if you do not know it, the name knows you. You are the ‘Shard-Bearer,’ because you carry a piece of Gith’s own blade near your heart, and always have.”Upon hearing those words, the Doomguide’s mouth dropped open. No wonder the githyanki were so zealous in their search for the shards… it wasn’t just any silver sword that had shattered, it was the sword of Gith herself, their heroine and founder!She glanced sideways at the githzerai, and she could tell that Zhjaeve was smiling again.“It was once said that Gith’s blade, once drawn, would never find a scabbard again,” her new ally mused aloud, “And now look. It is sheathed within you.”“It sings,” she continued, “and they hear it as I do. It sings of the hate of Gith and her war, a war that would have destroyed us all had Zerthimon not stopped her – the roiling, all-consuming hate that divided our people into the githyanki and the githzerai so many thousands of years ago.”“What do I do, then?” Rhaine asked. “The shards… the shard inside me. What do I do with them? Can I use them to our advantage somehow? And why do our enemies seek them so desperately?”“You are the only one who can reforge Gith’s blade,” Zhjaeve answered simply. “There is no other. Only you can reforge it and use it against the King of Shadows as it was used once before.”“West Harbor,” Rhaine murmured, realization dawning within her. Someone had tried to stop the King of Shadows at the Battle of West Harbor with the Sword of Gith… but who?“We do not yet have enough pieces to reforge the blade yet,” the githzerai added, “and so we must undergo the Ritual of Purification first. Do not worry about searching for more, though. The shards will find you. And as you walk this path of destiny, I vow to travel with you and fight with you against this enemy of ours. I am giving you my life, Kalach-cha.”Rhaine took a deep, steadying breath, and then smiled at the githzerai, nodding her acceptance as the sun dipped below the sea. “Very well. I welcome you, Zhjaeve. Let us stop this King of Shadows. Together.”

For the next several months, Captain Rhaine Alcinea focused on rebuilding and repopulating Crossroad Keep. Most of the funds that Lord Nasher had set aside for the reconstruction were drained in just a few tendays – given to Master Veedle to see to the cobbling of the roads and the patching of the walls. Sir Nevalle’s men arrived during this time, and the Doomguide set them to patrolling the High Road; there would be no more money without more merchants coming through the Keep, and there would be no merchants without a safe means of travel. Once a steady income was established, she could see to further improving the castle’s defenses.Rhaine then sent several letters of invitation to various people she had met within the past year, to either return favors that they owed her or to offer a roof over their heads. Katriona, one of Casavir’s sergeants from Old Owl Well, answered the summons to offer her services in training the Greycloaks. Two foremen, Pentin and Calindra, arrived with their crews to mine the rich ore from the nearby mountains. Jacoby, a smith from Fort Locke, and Edario, an armorer from Highcliff, both answered the Doomguide’s summons to outfit the troops in armor and weapons made from the extracted ore. Deekin, the famous kobold bard from Neverwinter, even set up a general store in the courtyard. And finally, Sal, the bartender from the Sunken Flagon, made himself at home as the proprietor of the new Phoenix Tail Inn.As merchant traffic gradually increased, so did the treasury of Crossroad Keep. Thus, more funds were appropriated for the expansion and renovation of the interior of the keep itself, as well as the reinforcement of the walls and perimeter towers. The lands surrounding the keep were finally cleared for farmland, and more and more peasants began moving closer to the estate, seeking the protection of the Greycloaks from the encroaching danger to the south. It was then that Orlen, the wheat farmer from West Harbor, decided to move in as well, and he taught the new soldiers the basics of hunting, fishing, and survival.Half a year after her acquisition of it, Crossroad Keep looked nothing like it had before. It was a miniature town unto itself, entirely self-sufficient and constantly bustling with activity. The Greycloaks stationed there possessed better armor and weapons than the men under Lord Nasher himself. In addition, the regularity of the patrols on the renovated High Road encouraged merchant traffic all the way from Waterdeep, and the keep’s coffers continued to swell. Many were inspired by the discipline and nobility of the soldiers under Rhaine’s command, causing volunteers to sign up in droves. The number of Greycloaks at Crossroad Keep tripled from one hundred to three hundred and fifty troops – so many that Orlen could barely provide enough food for them all.Ultimately, the castle itself had transformed from a rundown pile of rubble into a magnificent, nearly impregnable fortress. Crossroad Keep boasted two sets of thick, crenelated walls, reinforced with tall towers and a double gatehouse. The banners of Neverwinter hung proudly from its parapets, and the many gleaming lights of the castle could be seen at night all the way to Highcliff.It had become a welcome sign of comfort in these troubled times.------------------------------------------------------Rhaine had packed her belongings and was in the process of locking her quarters when she heard booted footsteps behind her. She turned around to see Lieutenant Kana in the hall, a slip of parchment held in her hands.“Captain.” Kana saluted smartly. She was a sharp woman, always garbed in her form-fitting scarlet and grey chainmail, her long black hair slicked into a tight bun.“At ease, Lieutenant,” Rhaine replied with a smile, returning her salute. “What is it that you need?”Kana extended the parchment to her. “We’ve received a letter from Sir Nevalle. Apparently, they’ve captured Torio Claven near the Luskan border and are deferring authority over her fate to you. Nevalle suggested that she could be brought here for interrogation, as she knows much of what went on during Garius’s occupation of this keep.”The Doomguide took the paper and skimmed over its contents. Kana had supplied an accurate summary, as usual.“Your thoughts, Lieutenant?” the Doomguide asked.Kana’s face was hard, her lips thin. “I think the ‘ambassador’ would be more of a detriment to Crossroad Keep, compared to the information that she might be able to provide. She is also a known liar – anything she has to say will be suspect.”Though Rhaine recalled Sand’s words about Torio from her trial, she couldn’t help but nod slowly in agreement with her second. “Indeed. Inform Nevalle that she will not be allowed here. Torio is a traitor, and she enabled the deaths of many innocents. She deserves a traitor’s fate… but I do not have the authority to command her execution. That belongs to Lord Nasher alone.”Kana inclined her head in acknowledgment of Rhaine’s wishes and saluted again. “I will send the orders at once, Captain.”The priestess then followed her lieutenant into the foyer of the keep where Zhjaeve awaited her, spear held in her hands. The githzerai dipped her head graciously to Rhaine upon sighting her. “The rest of your companions already await you at the gates. Are you ready to travel to the ruins of Arvahn to perform the Ritual of Purification at last?”The Doomguide sighed. “I am. Let us go.”------------------------------------------------------It took the group five days to reach the Illefarn ruins, nestled in the foothills northeast of Neverwinter. Once there, they found the place overrun with ogres, orcs, and goblins. These foes were more of an annoyance than a true threat, and when they were finally disposed of, the companions could explore the ruins in peace. While searching for the Statues of Purification needed to conduct this ancient ritual, they learned more of the King of Shadows from the lingering shades of Illefarn itself; trapped in the ruins because of their failure to stop their creation, the ghosts of those closest to the Guardian told their tragic story to their living audience.The empire of Illefarn had, in fact, constituted much of the Sword Coast in the ages before the rise of humans. The city now known as Waterdeep was once their magnificent capital of Aelinthaldarr. The empire itself was comprised of a strange alliance of elves and dwarves, both races living alongside each other for mutual protection. But though Illefarn was powerful, their evil northeastern rival of Netheril was more so. And when Netheril ultimately threatened to attack the Illefarn, the greatest minds amongst the dwarves and the elves came together to create a solution to their growing problem.Their answer was the Guardian.The Guardian was once a living human, but he gave himself up to the elaborate ritual that created the empire’s new magical protector. Slowly, over the course of several months, the human’s body and mind was eaten away… replaced by the very essence of the Weave itself – the source of all magic. In time, he became a creature of pure magical power, feeding off of the eternal Weave to sustain himself.Netheril, intimidated by the Illefarn’s new Guardian, backed off. The plan had worked.Unfortunately, the Netherese Archmage, Karsus, designed another, far darker, ritual that would grant him the power of the Weave as well, elevating him to godhood and deposing of the goddess of magic of the time, Mystryl. He was ultimately successful in his endeavor, but only for a brief time; the act made him a god for but an instant, but he was not properly prepared, and the Weave destroyed him. Mystryl was reincarnated as Mystra moments later, but the damage had already been done…The Guardian, having been momentarily sapped of its life force, did what any creature desiring to maintain its existence would do: it turned to the Weave’s dark twin - the Shadow Weave - for its energy, and was immediately corrupted by its power. And despite the fact that the Guardian’s former lifeforce was restored, it continued drinking from the font of shadow instead. The Guardian was quickly twisted into what would be called the King of Shadows, and it turned against the very empire that had created it, wreaking destruction of impossible magnitude upon the people of Illefarn.And so, the Ritual of Purification was devised to destroy him – a series of magical powers granted by the Statues of Purification that could unmake the Guardian the Illefarn had created. However, the Illefarn themselves were unable to successfully use it against him, their people decimated in every battle against the empowered nightwalker. Their empire, broken, eventually dissolved, abandoning the Sword Coast entirely, and the King of Shadows finally sought foes elsewhere.Four of the five Statues of Purification still lay in the ruins of Arvahn. They each bore the countenance of the elven goddess Angharradh, and when they were activated, a single note of song emanated from them. Zhjaeve explained that the Illefarn often used magic by way of singing; with each statue activated, the harmony increased, until a portal was opened on the hill that overlooked the ruins. The githzerai called it a “song portal,” and she suggested that the fifth statue must lie beyond, protected by distance. The group hesitantly stepped through the portal to seek it out, unsure of where the song path would take them…------------------------------------------------------“Oh, gods,” Shandra whispered, horror in her tone. “What happened?”They had been deposited in West Harbor on the edge of the town, not far from the Farlong house.And the entire village had been destroyed.Rhaine’s mouth dropped open in shock, her heart in her throat as she saw what once had been her home village. Every house, every standing structure, had been burned to the ground. All that remained were blackened and smoldering timbers; even the earth had been scorched all the way to the bare dirt. A sickening pall hung in the air, tinged with the scent of smoke and blood.No… no, my lord, please, no…“What is this place? Your birth village?” Zhjaeve asked tentatively.Rhaine wordlessly nodded, her throat constricted so tightly she could not speak. She couldn’t believe it… couldn’t believe that the place she had tried so hard to keep safe had been attacked after all without her knowledge…“Something is wrong,” the gith continued, glancing about warily, “we have been redirected from our original destination. But perhaps we should search the village first.”“Agreed,” Casavir added with a nod. “There could be townsfolk left alive. Rhaine,” he glanced to her, “are you going to be all right?”At his question, Rhaine focused upon his face, across which was writ an expression of grave concern. “I… I think so. Let’s see if we can find… survivors.”At this last word, she swallowed hard. There had to be some who escaped the carnage, there just had to be…The Doomguide walked forward slowly, stiffly, as if she were a lifeless marionette being manipulated by a puppeteer, her heart filled with dread. They made their way cautiously across the West Harbor Bridge, checking the ruined houses as they went, including what had once been Daeghun’s home.And then, she saw the bodies.There, lying by the village well, was the corpse of Georg, his face ashen, his milky eyes permanently wide in the terror. There was not a single mark upon his body that suggested a means of death, but it was obvious that he had been horrified in his final moments. Surrounding him were the forms of Webb, Ward, and Wyl Mossfeld, their bodies in a similar state. It appeared as though Georg had attempted to rally the militia against whoever had attacked them, but he had been unable to do so in time.Before the Starling house lay Rhetta, their three dogs, and even little Danan. Not far from them was Brother Merring, his holy symbol of Lathander still clutched tightly in his hand. At this, the Doomguide could take no more, and she fell to her knees, dissolving into racking sobs. Elanee and Neeshka both placed their hands on her shoulders comfortingly, while Casavir knelt at her side and embraced her tightly. She shook them both with the fierceness of her cries, her voice muffled in the paladin’s neck.“I… told them… they were safe. I… I told them… it was over,” she wept, “but I was wrong. I was wrong!”“Don’t blame yourself, lass,” Khelgar said softly. “You couldn’t foresee this – there’s no way. What happened here isn’t your fault.”“What… monster… would do something like this?” Shandra growled, her teeth gritted together in sheer anger.“We will find who did this,” Casavir murmured. “We will find them and bring them to justice. This I vow to you.”Then, Zhjaeve suddenly glanced up and about, her yellow eyes gone wide. “Listen. Do you hear that? It is like the sound of… of a child, wailing.”At her words, Rhaine finally pushed away from Casavir with a thankful pat to his shoulder, her eyes now red and puffy. He hooked his arms under hers and gently pulled her to her feet, and the Doomguide blinked a few times as she tried to listen to what Zhjaeve described. But there was nothing.“I… I don’t hear anything…”“Come.” The gith went forth at a quick pace, looking all around her as she searched the area and followed whatever sound she heard in her head.Zhjaeve ultimately led them to a dark scar in the earth, near the pathway that led out of the village. It had always been there – a patch of dirt that the grass would never grow over. She waved them forward. “The sound is strong here, very strong. This is a holy place, and we should return when we know more…”“The dead,” Rhaine replied hoarsely, caring little about Zhjaeve’s mystic feelings at the moment, “we should bury the dead and give them their Rites.”“We will do so, yes,” the githzerai agreed, “but after we find the fifth Statue of Purification. Do not forget our original task, a task that we must complete. Are there any Illefarn ruins nearby?”The Doomguide paused for a moment and then nodded with a heavy sigh. “Yes. They’re just along this path here.”“Then that is our true destination,” Zhjaeve answered firmly. “We must hurry. The King of Shadows no doubt knows what we’re doing. This may be a ploy meant to delay us.”------------------------------------------------------They made their way deep into the swamp, then, to a small ruin very near where Rhaine and Bevil had found the first of the silver shards. But the seals upon the door had been broken. Someone had been there before them.They entered slowly, their eyes adjusting to the dim, almost red lighting within. There, surrounding the Statue of Purification, were four Shadow Priests, like those they had found at Crossroad Keep. Another being stood alongside them, a tall creature garbed in robes of shadow, its head a floating, fanged skull wreathed in icy blue flame.Shandra’s eyes widened. “Gods, what is that thing?” She asked, her voice was barely above a whisper.“It is a Shadow Reaver,” Zhjaeve answered softly. “A powerful servant of the King of Shadows, and beyond it-”She was cut off as there was a sudden explosion and a blinding flash of white light. The head of the Statue of Purification was blown off, falling to the floor and shattering into a thousand pieces. The Shadow Reaver turned and saw the group there, addressing them in an eerie, echoing voice that sounded within their minds.“You have come far… for nothing. The Statue’s power is spent; another has taken it. But it will not stop us.”Zhjaeve’s yellow eyes were wide. “Another seeks to perform the Ritual of Purification? You speak lies!”“Ah, gith… zerai,” the Reaver mused. “Why the illithids insisted on using your people as slaves is beyond me. It was a waste to both of you.”“And why the King of Shadows insists on using weak-minded thralls such as yourself is beyond me as well,” the githzerai retorted sharply.“Weak? Our lord has granted us much power. Kill me here, and I will be reborn in the Vale of Merdelain – whole once again. You will not be able to stop me. And once I finish you, there will be no one to hinder our King’s return,” the Reaver boasted. His tone dripped with a hubris that was very nearly sickening to hear.“And how can you be so certain that your spirit will make it to the Vale before my lord snatches it to the Fugue?” Rhaine snapped, fierceness in both her eyes and her voice as she gripped Touch of Death tightly in hand. She would have her revenge upon these abominations for their crimes…“It is a risk, of course,” the Reaver replied with a dismissive shrug, “but one that I am more than willing to make.”With that, the Reaver attacked, a scythe made entirely of shadow materializing from nothingness in his hands. An intense battle followed, the room filling with a clashing of light and shadow as their spells collided again and again with both blinding power and void-like darkness. When the dust finally cleared, only minute later, the Shadow Priests were nothing but piles of ash on the floor, and the Reaver had vanished.As Zhjaeve healed a massive gash in her shoulder, wincing, she turned to Rhaine and shook her head. Her voice was weak with fatigue. “It… is done. But it will be reborn as it says. And there will be more.”“Hopefully not together,” Elanee added darkly, tossing her now-broken spear aside, “one was more than enough.”“We should return to West Harbor now,” Casavir observed. “We need to bury the dead, and they will require a Doomguide’s Rites if we are to protect them from the power of undeath that this King of Shadows obviously exerts over the Mere.”Thus, once all their wounds were healed, they wearily returned to the village. There, Rhaine gave Last Rites to the fallen, sprinkling the rest of Nya’s wyrmsage powder on the corpses. After burying the bodies and paying their respects to the villagers of West Harbor, the companions then took the road north out of the Mere, heading back towards Crossroad Keep with heavy hearts.As they left, Rhaine couldn’t help but wonder about Daeghun and Bevil. She hadn’t seen either of them amongst the dead. Could they have escaped, somehow? It was a small thread of hope, but the Doomguide’s spirit clung to it.Please… Please let them be alive.------------------------------------------------------“Master Aldanon, here is a map with the location you requested.”The sage’s butler entered the library of Crossroad Keep, a large roll of parchment in his hands. He opened it on the table next to Aldanon and pointed to a location that had been marked in bright red ink. Aldanon himself looked at the butler with a puzzled expression on his face.“I don’t recall asking you for anything,” he replied quizzically, brow furrowing.At this, the butler’s eyes widened, and he began stuttering. “B-but… you d-did ask for it, the location of-”“Spit it out, boy! What exactly was it that I was looking for?”“Master, you didn’t say what… you simply said you were searching for an area nearby that likely wasn’t able to be detected with magic. We found a similar location in the mountains east of Neverwinter – a place where scrying spells cannot penetrate,” the butler insisted.“And I do believe that's exactly what we’ve been looking for,” Sand remarked. The elf had been lingering in the shadows nearby, and he now stepped forward with great interest sparkling in his eyes, turning the map on the table so he could analyze it more closely.“Wow,” Qara remarked snidely, “books really are good for something after all.”Sand cast the sorceress a withering glare in response. “Why don’t you make yourself good for something and fetch the Captain, hmm?”“I’m not your errand girl!” she retorted.“Someone say something about the Captain?” Rhaine’s head poked into the doorway of the library. “What is it?”At that, the hedge wizard grinned widely at her. “I do think we just found Ammon Jerro’s Haven.”------------------------------------------------------Everyone but Zhjaeve had decided to come along with Rhaine to this so-called “Haven”; the gith was still weary from her journey to Arvahn, and so she wished to stay with Aldanon to conduct research in the library. The remaining companions, then, found themselves in an arid crater carved deep into the mountains. The air was thick and heavy, the smell of sulfur permeating the atmosphere, and a yellow haze hung upon the horizon. Before them, built into the side of a fissure, was the Haven itself – a tall granite tower illuminated by alien glowing runes. The dry ground cracked under their weight as they cautiously approached it, their heels kicking up a fine dust all the while.At last, they stopped in front of a pair of gates. There, a gigantic iron golem barred the way, a pedestal situated in front of it. The plinth was worn from wind and weather and stained on its surface with what appeared to be blood…Shandra looked up at the golem, speaking tentatively, “Uh… I’m a Jerro. Can you let me in?”The voice that replied to her request was ringing and metallic. “You may be a Jerro, but you must shed a drop of your blood as proof.”She glanced over her shoulder at Rhaine with a weak smile. “Far better than a pint, eh? All right. Here goes.”The former farmer then took her knife from her belt and made a small incision in her thumb. She hissed in pain from the cut, but held it over the pedestal until a single drop fell upon the stone. “There. Now wha-”But Shandra was cut off as she suddenly vanished in a bright light, and the gates to the tower slowly ground their way open. The iron golem wordlessly stood aside to allow the rest of them entry.“Great,” Qara mumbled under her breath.“Let’s go, quickly,” Rhaine pulled her blade from its sheath. “She could be in trouble.”At that, they made their way into the Haven, but the gates instantly sealed behind them – they would have to find another way out, it seemed. And as they turned into a small chamber ahead of them, the companions once again found themselves face-to-face with none other than Mephasm. The devil was bound in yet another summoning circle, a strange semi-circular device standing behind him.“Oh, no, not you again,” Neeshka muttered darkly.The Pit Fiend grinned in reply, sharp rows of teeth flashing in the light. “We meet again, little one.”In a flash, she drew her dagger from her hip. “Call me that again and you’ll regret it.”“Easy, Neeshka,” Rhaine warned, holding her arm out to bar the tiefling’s way. “I’ll deal with him… follow my lead, all right?”The tiefling reluctantly nodded, sheathing her blade once more. “All right, all right. But never trust anyone as polite as him. He gives me the holies…”Rhaine turned to Mephasm, then, hand on her hip as she asked, “So how did you get caught this time?”Mephasm sighed heavily. “The warlock who summoned those demons in the githyanki caves bound me here… such that my True Name cannot even break me free. His might and will are great, and he makes this tower his home. He works out of a laboratory at its center, where he gains his energy from the tensions between the other demons and devils trapped here.”“Do you know who he is?” she pressed.“Of course not. You know as well as I do the power of names… he wears anonymity like a cloak,” the devil replied simply.Suspicions rising, Rhaine raised an eyebrow critically at the devil. “I think you are being less than honest with me.”Mephasm grinned again. “Of course I am. And I’ve deceived you once before as well. This warlock is the master of Zaxis and me. It was not the gith who summoned me in those caves. It was he. I was to keep the githyanki captive in their own stronghold if Zaxis failed his task. But in you I saw a way to release myself from my bonds, and I did not think it prudent for me to inform you of my true master. Unfortunately, he found me again and ensured I could not escape this time.”“And I’m assuming that you want to be freed again?” Rhaine replied flatly.“Only one of Jerro blood could do that, I’m afraid,” Mephasm answered.“She’s here. Shandra Jerro,” the Doomguide explained. “She is how we got in this place to start with. But she’s disappeared somehow.”The devil’s eyebrows rose in response. “You know something I don’t, for once. And if she has been taken from your side, you must find her quickly. She is in grave danger here.”“Why? Shouldn’t she be the safest one of us all?”“I cannot say, as even my words are bound by magics,” the Pit Fiend answered with a shake of his head, “But I will help you find her as much as I am able. And if you wish to get into the laboratory at the center of the tower, you will need my aid as well. Do you see this portal behind me? It allows me to summon forth servants from my plane if I so wish them. There are other powerful demons and devils bound here just as I am, and they have portals of their own. I can divert the portals’ path to the laboratory, but I cannot do so alone. You will need to convince three others to do the same, and no doubt they will have their own demands of you.”“And why should I believe a word you say after you’ve already lied to me once?” Rhaine quipped.“Because you have no other choice; if you wish to proceed, it is what you must do. Now go, I’ve done all that I can.”He then turned from them, directing his attention to the portal and a tendril of scarlet magic wound itself around one of the spires that adorned the arch. Rhaine reluctantly crossed the room, approaching a corridor, gesturing for her friends to follow. She did not relish the idea of serving the devils and demons in the tower, but if it meant finding Shandra and getting into the laboratory, she had to do it. Casavir and Neeshka both followed closely behind her, the former out of protectiveness and the latter out of curiosity.Beyond, in similar chambers to Mephasm’s, were indeed more bound devils and demons of various ranks. Rhaine managed to enlist the help of Hezebel, an erinyes; Koroboros, another Pit Fiend who, unlike Mephasm, did not disguise himself as humanoid; and Blooden, a succubus. Thankfully, their predicted favors were seemingly rather mundane ones… underhanded jabs at each other more than anything else. Once they each channeled their power towards the central portal, it opened into a tunnel of scarlet energy.The Doomguide was worried that they had yet to find Shandra. Perhaps she was in the laboratory already? But then, suddenly, the farmer’s voice came out of nowhere, resonating within Rhaine’s mind, and from the astonished looks on her companions’ faces, they heard her, too.

Rhaine blinked, and then thought her response, Shandra?This place is sealed by devils and demons. Listen to me… they say their master is the King of Shadows.

I don’t know… but I don’t think they were lying.

Shandra, where are you?But then the link severed.“We should be wary,” Casavir said after a moment. “Shandra may be being manipulated by these denizens.”“Yes,” Elanee agreed. “They’ve already used us to gain advantages over one another. It wouldn’t surprise me if they were doing the same to her.”“Right. We’ll need to keep an eye out for her,” Rhaine answered with a nod. “Until then, let’s get to this laboratory. And if the King of Shadows is here, we will stop him.”Together, they stepped through the red portal. They emerged in a small, circular room, glowing runes inscribed on the walls. Many bookshelves were full to bursting with tomes, and several alchemical benches were laden with potions and ingredients of all sorts. It appeared to be devoid of any inhabitants. For now.Rhaine took a cautious step forward, towards one of the bookshelves, when a shrieking siren suddenly split the air, making her jump in fright.“And that would be the alarm that signals the owner of this place to take care of whatever foolish intruder dared enter his sanctum,” Sand remarked dryly, slowly closing his eyes in sheer exasperation.“Good,” Khelgar replied, readying his fists. “I’m ready for a fight!”In a burst of white light, the warlock who had slain Melia at the Moonstone Mask appeared before them, the tattoos on his head glowing brightly in the darkness of the tower. He approached the group, then, his face contorted in an expression of anger, his orange eyes as intense as his tattoos.“Intruders,” he growled threateningly, “unbidden and unwelcome. Are you prepared to pay the price for your trespass? How you managed to get in here is beyond me, but it is a grave mistake that will soon be-”He paused abruptly, looking over Rhaine with a sudden look of surprise, “And you have brought gifts. You carry the shards, even one inside of you. Let me take them off your hands… and from your corpse.”The laboratory was immediately transformed into a battleground of spells. The melee fighters were forced to hide themselves behind shelves and magical devices as the warlock deftly kept anyone from getting too close to him. The air quickly filled with snapping and popping as magic was cast and deflected again and again, the smell of ozone gradually permeating the room. Rhaine tried to keep her companions in the fight, staying on the defensive by casting shields, prayers, and blessings upon them all. She also attempted to strip the warlock of his own shields multiple times with dispelling magics, but failed time and again – his power seemingly endless.Finally, after Sand, Qara, Elanee, and Rhaine had almost completely drained their repertoire of spells, the warlock ceased his attacks at last, kneeling from sheer exhaustion. His armor was scorched from where Qara’s fire magic had penetrated his wards, and Sand’s summoned sword floated in front of the man, its point held ready at his throat. “You…” he gasped. “You think you’ve won?”“Where have I heard that phrase before?” Rhaine muttered.“You are all fools! This Haven… is my source of power,” the warlock growled.“‘King of Shadows’, my tail!” Neeshka jibed from behind an alchemy bench.“Something is wrong. This cannot be the King of Shadows,” Casavir observed warily.The warlock straightened, violet magic wrapping around him as it was siphoned from the runes on the sides of the chamber and instantly restored his reserves. “You and your friends are stronger than I anticipated. But I will bear these indignities no longer! This place is my weapon! I can harness its energy, turn the walls to fire, burn the air in your lungs, and-”Suddenly, Shandra’s voice cut through the warlock’s speech, You can’t beat him! It’s the demons… they’re granting all his power!Shandra, get out of here!

Look, there is one way to stop him. But it’s going to require some blood being spilt. Mine.

Shandra, listen to me, we’re not beaten yet. Just get out!

No! I’m not letting you die, not after all we’ve been through together.“- did you think you could really come here and survive?”The warlock began to ready his magic again, when suddenly he doubled over, groaning in obvious pain.“What… what have you done?”And then, his glowing eyes widened in revelation. “The binding circles!”He then threw his hands into the air and immediately vanished from sight, teleporting away.At that, Neeshka stomped her foot in sheer frustration. “Tell me he did not just run from us! Oooh, he’s makin’ me mad!”“If he escapes, we’ll have to fight him again, and he’ll be prepared for us,” Casavir warned. “We must pursue him!”Rhaine wordlessly ran for the portal, her companions close behind.------------------------------------------------------Shandra stood before Mephasm, blood dripping from a cut in her arm. She swayed woozily with the loss of it, trying to focus on the Pit Fiend before her. He seemed to behold her with a certain sympathy in his eerie yellow eyes.“What you have done is brave, but foolish, Shandra Jerro,” he said simply.But then a man suddenly manifested at Mephasm’s side. His face bore an expression of shock, anger, and desperation all at once.“You!” he accosted her. “You did this! You destroyed the summoning circles! You set the deadliest creatures in the Lower Realms free! And in so doing, you have earned death.”A wave of scarlet magic rushed from his hands and washed Shandra in a sickly glow, seeming to age her upon impact, until her skin was wrinkled deeply and her hair was long and snow-white. The power of his magic instantly brought her to her knees, a fragile old woman, and aging still…“I know, grandfather,” she croaked as the life began to leave her eyes. “I’m sorry. I’m so sorry.”And Shandra Jerro sank to the floor, dead.Utter silence filled the room afterwards, heavy and oppressive. The warlock’s mouth hung agape, and he stared at her corpse for many moments, shaking his head slowly in disbelief. At last, he glanced backwards to Mephasm. “What? This is impossible! All of my kin were slain in the Shadow War…”“Blood finds a way, Ammon,” the Pit Fiend replied knowingly. “Always.”“You speak lies!”“You know what I speak is truth! Only Jerro blood could have broken the circles,” Mephasm snapped. “There are laws… and when one carries such laws too far, they will take you to where I go now.”A wreath of flame then engulfed the Pit Fiend as he returned to his place in the Hells, leaving the warlock alone in shock.------------------------------------------------------The friends stepped through the portal to find the warlock on the other side, standing next to an aged corpse that wore Shandra’s armor.Rhaine clenched the hilt of Touch of Death as realization flooded her. “You son of a-”“He,” Neeshka began, eyes wide in utter shock, “He… killed Shandra! Let’s gut him!”The warlock held up his hands to stall them. “Kill me now, and we will all die. This place will collapse to rubble around us. Is that what you want?”His strangely-sorrowful gaze returned to Shandra’s body, and there were obvious tears in his eyes. “In my blindness, I have done a great wrong. But it is something that may yet be rectified. I have enough power left to take us from this place.”And with that, he teleported them all away without another word. They rematerialized together on the dusty ridge that overlooked the Haven, and they watched, then, as the tower instantly crumbled, entombing Shandra within its ruins. Rhaine muttered the Passing as it slowly fell, bidding a final farewell to the noble farmer who had sacrificed her life for them all.------------------------------------------------------Once back at Crossroad Keep, they all gathered together in the Phoenix Tail; Sal had vacated the inn so the companions could have their privacy. The warlock Ammon Jerro faced the fireplace, staring deeply into the flames, while Rhaine and Zhjaeve stood behind him, watching him intently. The other companions ringed the perimeter of the inn, talking amongst themselves.“So,” Bishop remarked at length, “that’s the famous Ammon Jerro – not dead after all. Glad we sorted that out before running into his little labyrinth of demons.”“Yes,” Sand added, an element of awe in his voice, “and much more powerful than tales ever indicated.”Qara snorted. “More powerful than some wizard, anyway.”“More powerful than you, Qara,” Sand retorted. “As we witnessed firsthand.”“So what do we do with him, now?” Khelgar inquired. “Throw him to the Watch?”“Throw him off the Docks?” Neeshka piped up.“Tell me you’re joking?” Bishop rolled his eyes. “He’ll send the whole district to the Abyss and then come after us. I say we get what we need from him and then dispose of him… no one needs to know.”“He must face justice for what he has done,” Casavir commented, “but we will not answer murder with murder.”“I just don’t understand,” Grobnar interjected, hanging his head in sorrow. “What made Shandra do what she did? It makes no sense at all.”“There is no sense to be made of it, Grobnar,” Elanee replied gently. “We must simply accept.”Casavir then inclined his head to Rhaine’s stiff form across the room. “It is our leader I am concerned about.”The Doomguide herself, whilst her companions were speaking to each other, had been listening to Zhjaeve. It seemed that the gith believed Ammon could be a powerful ally, and she urged Rhaine to speak to him.“Know that Ammon Jerro is a broken man, now,” the githzerai warned her, “and that makes him dangerous. But it also makes him of use. Please, speak with him and learn where his allegiances lie. And know that all he has done, both good and evil, has been to fight the King of Shadows and his minions.”Rhaine nodded grimly in understanding and cautiously approached the warlock. Ammon heard her footsteps and lifted his head, but he did not turn around to face her.“Why did you bring her there?” he asked at last, voice quiet. “You knew that even though she was of my bloodline she was not strong enough to survive.”“Last time I checked you were supposed to be dead,” Rhaine retorted dryly, “and we needed to know what information you had stored in the Haven. She would still be alive if you hadn’t killed her.”“Had you known what you were getting into and left everything to me, as you should have, then she would be still alive and I would still be at full power!” Ammon snapped, eyes flashing. But then he paused for a moment and sighed heavily. “But I do bear responsibility for her death, and the King of Shadows has gained a victory over us without striking as single blow.”“So,” Rhaine continued at length, “if you aren’t the King of Shadows, then what is your part in all this?”He swallowed, silent for several breaths before he answered, “I have fought the King of Shadows before. I fought him long ago, before Neverwinter even knew the threat he posed – both to the city and to all the Realms. I made pacts, studied him, tried for years countless to learn his weaknesses. And even after all this time, I have met with few victories.“You know the Ritual of Purification, yes? I’ve already completed part of it. So before you think about killing me for my ‘crimes,’ think on this - without the Ritual in its entirety, we cannot strike at the King of Shadows, and we will have lost the battle before it is even begun. And if my heart stops beating, we will all die.”This time, it was Rhaine who was silent. What a way to blackmail. It seemed that, until their common enemy was defeated, Ammon would escape justice. It did not settle well with her at all. Shaking her head, she continued the interrogation.“I do know about the Ritual, but that doesn’t seem to be enough,” she replied at last.The warlock nodded. “The King of Shadows is weak to only one other thing. When he tore a rift into the Astral Plane and threatened the cities of the githyanki, they battled against him wielding hundreds, if not thousands of their silver swords. But there was only one blade that could touch him, and that was the Silver Sword of Gith. I wielded that blade against him many years ago at the Battle of West Harbor, when you were but a child – the same battle that shattered the weapon and buried one of its shards in your chest.”“Kalach-cha,” Zhjaeve murmured.“And whether you believe it or not,” Ammon continued firmly, “you are now that weapon. The more shards you gather, the stronger that weapon becomes. And if we are to have any hope against the King of Shadows, we must have both the sword and the Ritual. We must find a way to reforge the blade.”The Doomguide’s brow furrowed. “How was it broken to begin with?”The warlock shook his head in frustration. “That is something I have been trying to find out ever since it shattered, but I have come up with nothing. Perhaps it is bound to the will of the wielder, and I was not strong enough to keep it whole. I do not know. Either way, now that the sword has been broken, we have already been weakened considerably.”Rhaine sighed heavily as she absorbed all of this information. “If you know so much about the King of Shadows, then tell me… what does he want? Why is he so relentless that he will not give up a fight after thousands of years?”Ammon snorted. “It is simple: he was the Guardian of the Illefarn, and he is still. Even with his corruption, he yet believes he is protecting the Illefarn people. He will stop at nothing to destroy everything that threatens his empire. Once he breaks free of his prison in the Shadow Plane, he will carve a path of carnage all the way to the Netherese City of Shade. He will consume first the Mere, then the entire Sword Coast, even Neverwinter itself. Life matters not to him. His primary target will be you, then me, and then anyone else foolish enough to stand in his way.”“Why do you want to stop him?” she asked, slightly wary of the warlock’s reasoning.“Why do I wish to stop the King of Shadows?” Ammon repeated incredulously. “I think that’s a question you should ask yourself, Doomguide, since your motivation during all of this has been unclear from the start. Does he threaten you, specifically? Or would you just sleep better at night knowing that a creation of the Illefarn Empire was as dead and buried as they are?”“I fight him because I must,” Rhaine replied curtly, her brow knitted. “Because if I don’t, who will? Because if I have the power to destroy him, then it is my responsibility to do so. Because the people of the Sword Coast do not deserve the death and destruction that he will bring should he return.  And because I am sworn to destroy the undead, wherever they may be found, no matter how powerful, in order to preserve the living.”“Then I think you will find we are of the same mind on the matter, even if our methods differ,” Ammon answered gruffly.“And how do I know I can trust you?”“Because you have no other choice!” he spat. “I will be your greatest ally in your fight against him, both in knowledge and power. But the latter has been much depleted, and I no longer have my demons in my thrall. If you wish to face him on the open battlefield, you will need an army.”At that moment, Grobnar whistled to get Rhaine’s attention. Glancing his way, she saw Sir Nevalle standing in the doorway of the inn, leaning against the jamb for support. He appeared wearied, and dark circles had settled under his eyes. The knight inclined his head to Rhaine when she met his gaze.“Captain,” he began, slightly breathless. “You no doubt have heard… Fort Locke has fallen. Shadows are gathering along the edge of the Mere and are beginning to move northward. You must go to Lord Nasher at once, and come alone. There are things you will hear that are for your ears only. Ride hard and fast for Neverwinter, and once you arrive, head straight for Castle Never. Do not delay.”He then spun on his heels, presumably to leave for the city ahead of her.Rhaine did not hesitate. She packed what things she thought she might need, then tacked Angel and galloped from the Keep. If the King of Shadows was already on the move, as it seemed he was, then they were in a race against time itself.

When Rhaine arrived at Castle Never a few days later, she was surprised to find that the place was crawling with visitors, most of them from the varied nobility of Neverwinter. They all nodded and smiled to her as she entered the Great Hall as if they knew her personally; it was slightly disconcerting to witness, as the Doomguide herself recognized almost none of the faces she saw there…Then, Sir Nevalle finally stepped forward through the throng to greet her, garbed in his usual blue tunic of the Nine. He looked a little more rested than he had at the Phoenix Tail, however, and he met her eyes with a sparkling gaze in the sconcelight.“You’ve arrived. Come, follow me,” he said, beckoning to her with a slight grin.Brow furrowing in puzzlement, she followed him, but hesitantly, wondering what was going on that had everyone in such a good mood. It was… odd; most nobles came to Castle Never to complain about problems both serious and insignificant, not to chat happily about current events – none of which were particularly joy-inspiring, at the moment.Ultimately, Nevalle led her to a small side room adjacent to the main hall, closing the door behind her so they could speak in private.“There is a growing darkness to the south,” the knight began after a moment, “and Crossroad Keep is our best hope of keeping this army of the King of Shadows from reaching the city; it will play a great role in the war to come – that is certain. We are still awaiting official word from Fort Locke, but we fear the worst. As such, Crossroad Keep is the only other fortification that stands between the Mere and Neverwinter.“The news is not all ill, however. Lord Nasher has prepared something for you, for all of your hard work on behalf of Neverwinter,” he then turned to a long table nearby, where a cloak and sword were laid out atop it. The deep blue cloak bore the eye of Neverwinter upon it in stark white thread, and the sword appeared to be a ceremonial blade, crafted of silver and gold. Nevalle took the cloak and fastened it about her shoulders before belting the elaborate sword to her waist, opposite Touch of Death. All the while, Rhaine stood in uncertain silence.

“These are the trappings of knighthood, Rhaine,” he explained at length, grin widening as he placed his hands on her shoulders, “and Nasher will soon make you a true knight in his service. As the days grow ever darker, the need for heroes grows ever greater, and Lord Nasher wishes to recognize you as one of our finest.”Her jaw dropped, and she reeled in shock.She was going to be knighted - the little red-haired waif from West Harbor, a priestess in service to Kelemvor, was going to be knighted.At last, she found her voice, and she spoke past the lump in her throat. “I… I thank you, Sir Nevalle. I am truly honored.”He shook his head. “It is you who have built the keep into the force that it is. It is your name that is echoed upon the lips of the men and women here. Even Sand has been known to say a kind word or two about you,” he added with a wink. Then, placing his hand behind her back, he gently pushed her forward again, back through the door through which they’d passed. “Come, the ceremony will take place in the Great Hall. Many nobles from all over Neverwinter have gathered to see it.”So that was it. They were here to attend her knighting…As they left the side chamber, Nevalle continued on, retaking the lead. “Your companions and the people you have gathered to Crossroad Keep believe in you, and through you, they believe in Neverwinter. It is no small thing you have done…”Immediately upon the pair’s reentry into the Great Hall, the nobles saw the cloak and sword that now graced her form, and they began to cheer her name, their applause ringing upon the walls. Rhaine felt a blush upon her cheeks as she walked beside Nevalle, a sheepish smile dancing upon her lips.But then, suddenly, she heard a loud, metallic clatter ahead. A high-pitched wail then erupted within the castle, and the wrought iron gates to the throne room and side halls abruptly slamming shut and locking themselves.Nevalle’s sword leapt into his hand, and he immediately crouched into a fighting stance. “By the gods, it’s the ancient alarm! I never thought I’d live to see this day – we are under attack!”Rhaine had just readied Touch of Death in response when a pair of vampires knocked down the doors to the castle, laughing wickedly. Half a dozen red-eyed wraiths then manifested around the room in clouds of black smoke, and the crowd around them quickly dissolved into panicked, screaming chaos.“They are here for Nasher!” Nevalle shouted over the din. “We’ve got to get to him!”Rhaine, however, needed to stop the wraiths before they slaughtered the defenseless citizens. She held her arms aloft, calling her power to her. A wave of white energy then surged forth from her body and slammed into the incorporeal undead, successfully immobilizing them and preventing them from doing further harm. Immediately, the royal guards began to make quick work of those ghostly foes with their enchanted halberds while Nevalle and Rhaine turned their attention to the deadlier vampires.The two warriors fought back to back, blades whirring through the air as they attempted to slay the bloodsuckers quickly, but the vampires, with their supernatural speed, dodged almost every blow thrown their way. Finally, though, one of the royal guards managed to come up behind Nevalle’s foe and behead it, allowing the knight to whirl around and plunge his sword under Rhaine’s uplifted arm, sinking the blade into the other vamp’s torso. The Doomguide herself followed up with a horizontal swing, removing its head from its shoulders as well.“We need to find a more defensible position,” Nevalle gasped. “There’s a guard room ‘round the corner from here. We can make our stand there.”After, the knight raised his voice to address the nobles, who had huddled up against the walls and under furniture for lack of anywhere else to go. “Everyone into the guard room, quickly! Follow me!”Upon his command, Rhaine assisted in herding the citizens after Nevalle alongside the royal guards. They brought up the rear of the group, and when they had all packed themselves into the small guard room, Nevalle shut the door and barred it. Within, a Tyrran priest who had managed to get caught in the castle corridors began healing those nobles who had been wounded in the attack.It was then Nevalle leaned heavily against the door and addressed Rhaine. “The castle is sealed. It is part of the ancient defenses, should Castle Never be attacked directly – something we thought would never happen. Unfortunately, it has also cut us off from Lord Nasher. You must get to him somehow.”“I’ll do my best,” Rhaine replied grimly, gripping her sword as she nodded her understanding. “Do you have a plan?”The knight’s brow furrowed as he thought for a moment. “Look behind the tapestries. One of them should hide an entrance to Neverneath, the catacombs beneath the castle. It has always been closed to us, but it is said that when the palace is in danger, a path will open for defenders. Use that to get to Lord Nasher’s side, and we will try to be there when the defenses are lifted.”He then raised the door bar to let her out of the room and closed it again behind her, securing it once more; she was on her own from there. Rhaine stood still for a moment, peering down a long corridor ahead of her that branched both left and right. There was a floor-length blue tapestry every twenty feet on either side of every hall. This would take time, and time they likely didn’t have. Face hard with determination, however, she began her search.The halls of the castle were littered with the dead, mostly guardsmen but some civilians as well. Blood pooled on the ceramic tiles and had been smeared along the walls by the wounded and dying. She did not have the time at the moment to take care of the deceased individually, and so she repeated the Passing under her breath over and over as she went, all the while lifting tapestry after tapestry in the hopes of finding the hidden entrance to Neverneath. She encountered a few more vampires and Shadow Priests along the way, but they were isolated and relatively easy for her to handle on her own.Finally, she encountered a wall panel that was a little different from the rest. A small stone, slightly lighter than the others, jutted out from the wall by just a fraction of an inch. Tentatively, she pressed it. It immediately withdrew into the stone around it, and with the loud sound of granite grating upon granite, the wall panel slowly ground downwards into the floor, revealing a dimly lit staircase that led into the catacombs.It became apparent, then, that Neverneath had been built as a singular long, winding corridor. At every turn, a statue of the founder of the city, Lord Halueth Never, would present a question to her – usually concerning the history or defenses of the city. Once answered correctly, the doors barring the path ahead would open, allowing further access. After successfully answering many such questions and ultimately swearing fealty to Neverwinter, Rhaine finally found herself in the tomb of Lord Never himself. The noble elf had been laid to rest in an open sarcophagus, a magical shield over the coffin protecting his body from decay… and his possessions from potential thieves. Surrounding him were eight magical swords floating midair – quite similar to the one that had been gifted to her – almost as if poised to attack, but they did not move to do so.Not yet, at least.As the Doomguide looked upon them warily, a soft voice suddenly emanated from the coffin, raising the hairs on the back of her neck.“One of my Nine is missing. Take his place to join my side.”Frowning, she glanced around. Nine statues ringed the chamber, but one was obviously lacking his sword. Following a hunch, she walked up to it, drawing her own ceremonial blade and sliding it into a thin slot at the base, where the original stone sword would have rested its tip. The protective blue aura around the sepulcher dissipated, as if inviting her forth, then. Rhaine approached it carefully, yet wary of the floating swords, but they still made no move against her. Peering into the coffin, then, she noticed that Lord Never had been buried with some sort of ivory control rod alongside him, the golden eye of Neverwinter adorning one end. Tentatively, she lifted it from its resting place, and another stone door at the opposite end of the room receded in response, revealing an ascending stairwell.Smiling to herself, the Doomguide jogged across the room and up the staircase. The sounds of battle became louder as she went, and she tightened her grip on Touch of Death, readying herself for more combat. Pushing her hand into what appeared to be a marble door, she found that it was in fact a moving panel immediately behind Lord Nasher’s throne. Beyond, Nasher himself and two royal guards dueled another Shadow Reaver, and they were growing wearier with each swing…Without hesitation, Rhaine leapt into battle with the Reaver, and with her aid, they finally drove the foul creature off. He retreated just as they delivered a killing blow, predictably teleporting himself back to the safety of the Vale of Merdelain. Upon his disappearance, though, the sealed iron gates opened themselves once more, and the wailing alarm ceased at last. Nevalle and the other guards rushed into the throne room, looks of relief on their faces when they discovered their liege-lord was still alive.The Lord of Neverwinter leaned on his throne for support as he caught his breath, his lips twisted into an angry sneer. “Assassins. So this is how our enemy fights – with shadows instead of steel!”“Are you all right, milord?” Rhaine asked, sheathing her sword.He nodded. “I am unharmed, but… this King of Shadows. His forces are powerful, and,” he paused suddenly, brows lifting as his eyes flicked to the ivory rod in her hand, “is that the Rod of Never? Let me see it.”Rhaine handed the rod to him, and he examined it for a moment in silence before shaking his head. “I had heard that the Rod rested below the castle, but none were able to reach Lord Never’s tomb. I assume that the ancient alarms opened the way. Well, then. With this Rod, I should be able to open some of Castle Never’s oldest secrets. It seems some good has come of this attack after all.”Nasher then exchanged looks with Nevalle before returning his gaze to Rhaine. “I think this foe of ours fears to face us on the battlefield. He fears Neverwinter and all her knights… of which you are now a part.”The Doomguide bowed at the waist. “I thank you, Lord Nasher.”He held up his hand. “Don’t thank me yet. I haven’t given you your orders.”“But milord,” Nevalle interjected abruptly, “there are certain rites for inducting knights that must be-”Nasher rolled his eyes. “Nevalle, I knighted you at Redfallow’s Watch, in the mud, with orcs surrounding us. Ceremonies can wait.” He then turned to Rhaine again, sword in hand. “Now, kneel and be knighted.”The priestess instantly knelt as commanded, closing her eyes, and the tip of Nasher’s blade tapped once on her head and twice on each shoulder. After, she rose, smiling broadly, and he beamed at her with almost fatherly pride upon his features. “Congratulations are in order, young lady. You have served Neverwinter above and beyond the call of duty, and you have risked your life for this city and its people not once, not twice, but many times over. If there is anything that can stand against our foe, it is you and the fortress I have granted you. And thus, I offer you another honor.“The death of Melia weakened the Neverwinter Nine greatly, and her absence leaves a void that must be filled. Thus, I offer her former position to you, Rhaine Alcinea… so that you may join Sir Nevalle and Lord Callum at my side as one of the city’s staunchest protectors.”Feeling rather like she couldn’t refuse even if she wanted to, Rhaine bowed again. “I am truly grateful, my lord. I accept your offer.”“Very well,” Nasher replied with a nod. “I bestow upon you the mantle of the Neverwinter Nine.”“And a much-deserved title it is, Knight-Captain,” Nevalle added with a dip of his head. “Welcome to our ranks.”“But,” Lord Nasher continued, “on to the matters at hand. You have done more to halt this enemy’s advance than any of my knights. When he strikes, you are there to stop him - but that is no longer enough. I am tired of waiting for this enemy to show himself. I want you to find him, Rhaine. I want you to find this monster and make him answer for every single life he has cut short! And if he crosses Neverwinter again, I want it to be the last time.”He then turned to the guardsmen and nobles who had gathered behind Rhaine. “To the servants of Neverwinter before me – all fighting men must take to the field to face our foe! You have seen one of his servants… as terrible as it is, it can be beaten, and so can its master. You must spread the word. Help your neighbors evacuate their homes. We cannot allow our people to be placed in harm’s way. Go, and do what you can to prepare yourselves!”Their responses were varied. Some rushed to do as told, while others yet leaned against the walls to rest, and still others cradled bandaged wounds. Nevalle himself turned to Nasher once more.“A strategy must be formed. These Reavers… whatever they are, the Greycloaks cannot fight them – cannot kill them. If there is no way to destroy them-”“They are but pawns,” Nasher interrupted. “Powerful, yes. But they aren’t the true threat. We must find a way to get to the base our enemy is striking from. If he can send his forces out without fear of retaliation, then all we can do is fall back.”“We will need more men, milord. We are stretched thin as it is,” Nevalle remarked with a shake of his head.“Not just men,” Nasher replied, returning his attention to Rhaine. “We must make allies with other peoples. This King of Shadows threatens not just us, but all of the Sword Coast. I need answers, information, as many soldiers as you can gather. I need to know how we can kill these Shadow Reavers and how we can reach their master.”“I shall see to it at once, Lord Nasher,” Rhaine promised firmly, knowing he was right. “I will not fail.”“Good. Return to Crossroad Keep with Sir Nevalle. I will see to the troops and war efforts,” Nasher ordered. “You must handle the King of Shadows. Out of all of us, no one has a greater chance of exposing his weaknesses than you. I can gather our forces, but you must show me where to march.”------------------------------------------------------Rhaine returned to Crossroad Keep with Nevalle, just as Nasher had requested, three days later, both of them garbed in the rich blue tunics and grey riding breeches of the Neverwinter Nine. Rhaine wore her matching knight’s cloak proudly, eliciting a grin from her fellow comrade. As they rode together towards the gates, Rhaine heard some of her Greycloaks begin shouting. A few of them waved to her as she came closer, others saluted. She returned their gestures with a warm smile.The two knights were dismounting in the courtyard when Rhaine’s friends eagerly approached. Nevalle went on to stable his horse and meet with Kana while the companions surrounded the Knight-Captain herself.“We heard about the attack on Castle Never,” Casavir spoke first. “It is good to see you are all right.”“To attack the Castle,” Khelgar shook his head in dismay. “The King of Shadows is gettin’ bold.”“So,” Neeshka piped up cheerily, “did you get anything with the knighting ceremony? Not that you’d carry it, since I already checked your pockets and your bags.”“What efforts are being made in the war?” Ammon Jerro demanded impatiently, his tone a gruff one. “Will Nasher commit his forces, at last? And what of Waterdeep and the Lords’ Alliance?”“Know that word has already traveled before the Kalach-cha,” Zhjaeve reminded him. “We are to take the fight to the King of Shadows and gather those who feel as we do.”“That is correct,” Rhaine confirmed, absentmindedly stroking Angel’s soft muzzle. “Nasher wants us to find as many allies as we can in this war.”“Good luck with that,” Bishop remarked dryly. “Alliances are made to be broken, if they’re made at all.”“Clan Ironfist will help,” Khelgar insisted. “They may take some convincing, but they won’t back down from a fight, if it is just.”“The lizardfolk of the Mere could help us as well,” Elanee added. “They have been driven from their homes just as these people have. We should seek them out and give them a chance to help us.”“Then it seems we have roads open to us,” Casavir observed, “and an army to build.”“There is more,” Rhaine continued. “Nasher also wants me to find a way to kill the Shadow Reavers permanently.”At that, Zhjaeve sighed heavily. “Know that will not be easy. Every time they are killed, they reform themselves in the Vale of Merdelain. At the present, we can only lose against them.”“There must be a way,” the paladin replied firmly. “Evil always has a weakness – we just have to find it.”“Well, that’s the trick, isn’t it?” Bishop snapped. “How long do you look, and where?”“Pardon me,” Grobnar interjected, “but, sometimes these things come to you. I mean, we’ve already encountered so many allies and people and sorcerers and sages, and we did much of that through serendipity. So, have a little faith, and maybe the answer will to come to us in time.”“Know that this may be the best we can hope for,” the githzerai agreed.“Ultimately,” Rhaine finished, “we have to find a way to get through the Claimed Lands and strike at the King of Shadows directly, somehow.”Elanee shook her head. “The Claimed Lands kill all life that enter them. We wouldn’t be able to survive it. And movement through the Mere isn’t swift even in the best of times.”“I don’t think there’s a conventional path to our destination,” Sand commented. “As much as I hate to say it, we should probably ask for Aldanon’s advice on this.”“Very well,” the Doomguide answered, glancing to each of her companions in turn. Her face bore a hard, determined expression, as it often did as of late. “It is not much, but it is a start. We must follow what leads we have and hope for the best. Meet me in the War Room, and we will formulate a plan. May the gods watch over us all.”

Whilst Neverwinter evacuated its citizens northwards to Port Llast, Crossroad Keep prepared for war in full. Rhaine made two more structural additions to the keep: a church of Tyr and a tower for the Neverwinter Nine. She also found a new sergeant in Light of Heavens, an aasimar woman who presented herself shortly after the church was completed. Her sister, Joy, also joined the keep’s forces, boosting the troops’ morale by dancing for them at the Phoenix Tail. Rhaine wasn’t certain if it was just her, or if the celestial blood of the two women actually made a difference, but the keep seemed more than a bit livelier after their arrival – as if the light of the sun each morning in fact bore the comforting favor of the gods and reinvigorated those who dwelt there.With the help of Khelgar, Rhaine managed to forge an alliance with the Ironfist clan of dwarves, as he had proposed. After they had secured the clanhold, Rhaine assisted them in recovering the Belt of Ironfist, a relic of their people. In return, the dwarves promised an alliance with Neverwinter in order to ensure the defeat the King of Shadows. From their home in the Sword Mountains, they sent a hundred of their finest warriors to Crossroad Keep, and they designated Khelgar himself as their new leader.Furthermore, while Rhaine and the dwarven monk were hunting for the Belt on the slopes of Mount Galardrym, they also defeated a female Red dragon, Tholapsyx, and claimed her massive treasure horde for the keep’s coffers. In addition to hundreds of chests of gold bars and coins, they also seized crates of precious gemstones and ingots of priceless metals. Not only did they walk away filthy rich, but the companions were also celebrated as dragon slayers upon their return.Elanee was instrumental in establishing yet another alliance with the lizardfolk of the Mere. Having been driven from their swamp homes by the encroaching shadows, the lizardmen threatened to push out the residents of Highcliff, to the point of almost killing the villagers in order to save their own people. With the aid of the druidess, however, Rhaine managed to not only net a truce between the humans and the beastfolk, but she also convinced them to join forces with Neverwinter in routing the King of Shadows from their homeland.All the while, Aldanon researched a way to reach the deepest parts of the Mere of Dead Men safely. The sage seemed to think that the spreading shadows were strongest on the edges, farthest from their point of origin. As such, he was convinced that the way for them to get to the King of Shadows’s lair with a minimal amount of exposure was to teleport the companions directly into the heart of the swamp. However, they currently lacked the tools to do so, and Aldanon was unsure where exactly they could find such things.Grobnar, too, made himself useful by having the Greycloaks fetch the deactivated construct from the githyanki caves north of Ember. Once it arrived at the keep, he spent almost all of his time with it, convinced he could find a way to restore it and use it to their advantage. Whenever she passed by, Rhaine would occasionally hear snippets of song coming from the basement as he tinkered on the golem. Whether the gnome was simply singing to pass the time, or actually singing to it, she wasn’t quite sure she wanted to know.And then, on top of all these encouraging developments, came another pleasant surprise. When Rhaine left the keep and made her way into the courtyard one morning to fetch a report from Pentin and Calindra, she saw Bevil Starling leaning against the wall beside the tower of the Nine.“Bevil?” She halted in her tracks, eyes wide and unsure if they were deceiving her.He grinned in response, a little less broadly than his usual smile, but signature Bevil nonetheless. “Greetings, Captain.”“Don’t you ‘Greetings, Captain’ me!” Rhaine exclaimed, rushing up to him and throwing her arms around his neck. “Where have you been, Bevil Starling!?”“Around,” he replied noncomittally, hugging her back with crushing strength.Finally, though, she pushed back from him and stared into his sapphire eyes, brow furrowed deeply. “Bevil… I thought you were dead.”“Yeah,” he glanced downwards at his boots, “I heard about the attack... on West Harbor. I actually left a tenday prior so I could join up with the Greycloaks. I didn’t feel of much use around the town anymore, so I thought I’d do my part in the war.”She squeezed his shoulders firmly. “Bevil, I’m so sorry about your family. I… I’m afraid it’s my fault-”“No. No it’s not.” He shook his head fiercely, returning his gaze to hers, a gaze that was startlingly hard. “It’s not your fault. Tarmas came around to our house one night ranting wildly about something that he thought might happen – that he could ‘feel something in the air.’ He offered to take us with him, but mother refused.” He sighed heavily. “She thought he’d finally gone insane, and I couldn’t convince her otherwise. He teleported off somewhere, and I haven’t seen him since.” Shrugging, he paused for a moment, and then added, “I have seen your foster father, though.”Her eyes widened. “What? Daeghun? Is he all right? Where is he?”“He left West Harbor a day or two before I did. Packed his things and walked up the road without a word,” Bevil answered, shaking his head once more. “I caught up with him, and we talked a bit, but that was it. Classic Daeghun.”She blinked. “I wonder where he was headed?”“I dunno,” Bevil shrugged again. “But he seemed to know exactly what he wanted to do.”Rhaine sighed, glancing off. She was deeply glad that both Bevil and Daeghun had survived, and she silently thanked Kelemvor for this blessing. But she wondered what her foster father was up to. Did he sense something was going to happen, just like Tarmas had? And moreover, had he gone in search of this threat?If so, she feared for his safety.“So,” she said at length, redirecting their focus to the present, “did Brelaina and Cormick send you my way?”“Yes, Captain,” Bevil replied with a nod.Rhaine smacked him on the shoulder. “I’m still just Rhaine, Bevil.”He laughed a little at that. “All right, suit yourself. At least you’re better than Kana.”“Speaking of which, what does she have you doing, now?”Bevil rubbed his neck. “Leading road patrols. Not exactly the most exciting work, but it pays just like the rest of it.”She nodded, stepping back with another firm pat to his shoulder. “All right. I’ll leave you to it, then. But… if you ever need to talk about anything that’s happened, know that I’m here for you.”Bevil smiled weakly. “Thanks. But I’d prefer to leave everything in the past, at this point. I’ll see you around, Captain.”He turned away from her, then, headed elsewhere in the keep, and as she returned to her own duties, Rhaine couldn’t help but think that Bevil was hiding something. He seemed much quieter and more brooding than usual, and she highly suspected that something was eating at him inside. Something he didn’t want to reveal. She couldn’t push him to talk to her, of course, but she hoped for his sake that he would.------------------------------------------------------A few days later, as she returned from speaking with Orlen and the other farmers, she was greeted by another welcome sight. Standing beneath an oak tree in the courtyard, was Daeghun. Her foster father met her eyes as she approached, and there was an unusual flicker of a smile on his lips as he looked her up and down, taking in her cloak and uniform.“The men here call you Knight-Captain, and these walls are yours,” he began, dipping his head to her. “You have come far, my daughter. I see that the moon has been at your back – you look well.”“Daeghun,” Rhaine mirrored his smile. “It is good to see you again. It has been… a long time.”“The Mere has grown dark,” he continued grimly, “and many villages needed help leaving before it was too late. I have sought the scent on the breeze to learn of this dark hunter: King of Shadows. More can still be learned, but I have discovered something that I had to tell you at once.”“What is it?”Then, out of the corner of her eye, Rhaine saw Elanee approaching them, her head cocked curiously. “I heard one of the scouts say someone was looking for me – oh! Well met,” she stopped upon seeing a fellow wood elf and bowed slightly, “you must be Daeghun Farlong.”“And you are Elanee, of the Circle of the Mere,” Daughun replied matter-of-factly.“Once of the Circle, yes,” Elanee corrected with a slight sigh. “What is it that you want of me?”“As I hounded the trail of the Dark Hunter and his minions, I found something I thought we had lost long ago,” Daeghun answered, looking pointedly at the elven woman. “The druids of our land, the Circle of the Mere, still live.”“That’s… that’s impossible!” Elanee’s face bore a rare expression of shock as she glanced back and forth between Daeghun and Rhaine. “If they were alive, I would know!”“I can only venture into the swamp for brief periods,” the ranger elaborated. “The reeds and waters drain the life of all those who come near. I followed the druids, though, and they had a ritual that I think sustained them, even in the Claimed Lands.”“They must have found a way to restore part of the Mere and keep it from the shadows. If so, we need to find them!” Elanee turned to Rhaine, eyes wide. “They’ll be able to tell us what is going on in the Mere better than anyone, and if we can get them to ally with us, we may be able to reverse what the King of Shadows is doing to the land itself!”The Doomguide nodded her agreement. “If these druids are as powerful as you say, then they would be valuable allies, indeed.”“Then you must make haste,” Daeghun interjected, “if this is your chosen course of action.”“Thank you for bringing this information to us,” Rhaine replied sincerely. “It is very much appreciated.”“No thanks are necessary – we are at war, and it must be done. Let me mark the location on your map.”When Rhaine fished the worn parchment out of her pack, her foster father marked the Circle’s location and then officially ended their conversation. “Now, I have other duties I must attend to, both in the defense of the Sword Coast and this castle.”He turned from her, and without another word began walking purposefully towards the main keep, evidently with some other task in mind. Rhaine and Elanee watched him depart in silence for a moment, before the latter spoke again, “Your father isn’t one for showing emotion, is he? It is difficult to see how he raised you… and you turned out so different.”“He has his duty,” Rhaine replied with a heavy sigh, “and he takes it very seriously. There is something to respect in such dedication.”“At any rate,” Elanee pointed to the place Daeghun had marked, “we need to get to the Circle. But reaching them could prove difficult.”Suddenly, as if on cue, Bishop’s form emerged from the shadows near the inn. “Ah, I thought I heard the pitiful cries of a damsel in distress. Someone had to fill Shandra’s role, eh?”Upon hearing his voice, Elanee maneuvered to stand between him and Rhaine. “This doesn’t concern you. Stop spying on us.”Bishop ignored her remark, focusing his attention on the Doomguide. “I thought I might be able to catch your foster father, Rhaine… tell him what a wonderful girl he raised...”“Watch your tongue, Bishop,” the Knight-Captain growled, brow furrowing as her ire was quickly raised by his purposefully-inflammatory words.“Oh, I will. But before you slap my hand, why don’t you see if you need a guide, first – since your father was so eager to get away from you,” the ranger quipped.“They’re on the northeastern reaches of the Mere,” Elanee replied flatly, “near the old settlements where the orcs attacked long ago during their incursion into Neverwinter.”“That’s near an area the King of Shadows likely hasn’t claimed yet… a good place to look for your dead druid friends,” Bishop rejoined dryly.“Daeghun said they were alive,” Rhaine insisted.“Maybe,” Bishop answered with an unconvinced shrug. “Still, if you want to go, I can guide you to a safe port on the edge of the marsh.”Elanee hesitated. “All right… that would be welcome.”Rhaine, on the other hand, lifted an eyebrow critically. “Did you just offer help, Bishop? I don’t think I heard you correctly.”He snorted. “It’s not me you should be suspicious of, but that’s up to you. And you don’t have much time. Something tells me those friends of yours have to move around a lot to avoid the shadows.”“Bishop’s correct,” Elanee added reluctantly, glancing back at Rhaine.“All right,” he said at length, backing away from the women, “I’ll scout out a path and join you only when need be, it’ll save us a lot of time.”------------------------------------------------------They at last found the lost Circle of the Mere near where Daeghun had indicated, but unfortunately, things were not as they appeared to be. The druids had been twisted by the shadows of the land into thinking that shadow was, in fact, the norm. They had imprisoned Elder Naevan within a tree and had set about re-establishing their power in the “new Mere.” No amount of persuasion on either Elanee’s or Rhaine’s part could convince them that the King of Shadows was a very real threat, and so the two were forced to destroy the corrupted remnants of the Circle for good.Elder Naevan – the only other druid besides Elanee who knew the threat of shadow for what it was – found himself freed from his bark prison upon his former colleagues’ deaths. He believed that their time in the Mere had finally come to pass, and bid Elanee to go her own way, as he would as well; he did not foresee a time when the Circle could ever be reformed. Thus, the druidess and the priestess returned to Crossroad Keep in silence, disheartened and keenly aware of their devastating loss.Without the druids, there truly was nothing left to prevent the growing darkness from tainting the very land itself.------------------------------------------------------A few more days after their return, Rhaine received a message from the new Luskan Ambassador, Sydney Natale. Apparently, the Hosttower had made more progress in deciphering the weaknesses of their enemies and wished to conduct a meeting with Rhaine, Zhjaeve, and Qara… but only those three people and at a place of Natale’s choosing. Rhaine was instantly wary of the request, as was Lieutenant Kana, but Nevalle seemed to think that if the Luskans had obtained valuable information, it would behoove the Knight-Captain to humor the Ambassador for now. At his advice, Rhaine assented, and Natale’s messenger led them to a secluded grove off the road to Neverwinter. There, the Ambassador awaited them with a tall bodyguard at her side.“Thank you for agreeing to meet with me, Captain.” Sydney inclined her head politely at Rhaine’s approch, and then looked to Zhjaeve and Qara. “And the gith, I see. And… Qara? Your father is head of the Academy of Neverwinter, is he not?”“Yes, he is,” the sorceress replied curtly, “but we don’t have that much in common.”“I’ll say,” the Ambassador’s bodyguard interjected, looking Qara up and down with a skeptical eye. “You’re a dainty one. Must not weigh more than a stone and two pebbles, am I right?”“You’ll be able to judge for yourself when I’m standing on your charred body,” Qara quipped.“Jalboun!” Sydney warned, glaring darkly at the bodyguard.“What?” He threw his hands in the air with a shrug. “Just tryin’ to make conversation with the fiery one, but turns out she’s as cold as the nethers of Icewind Dale.”“I can see why you’re no longer an officer of Luskan,” the Ambassador retorted. “Now be silent! I hired you for your brawn, not your tongue!”Those words caused the hairs to stand up on Rhaine’s neck, and her suspicions intensified…“Yes, ma’am.” Jalboun bowed with a flourish. “I’ll just stand here and be quiet like a good lummox.”Shaking her head, Sydney turned back to Rhaine. “I am sorry I had to send for you by way of messenger, but I have too many eyes watching my movements.”“You said you had information regarding the Shadow Reavers, yes?” the Doomguide inquired, hoping to get to business and praying her instincts were wrong.“Indeed. You know of True Names, don’t you, Captain?” The Ambassador grinned broadly. “I have a scroll that contains the True Names of every Shadow Reaver. As it so happens, the Hosttower of the Arcane keeps records of the True Names of its members to use against them should they… violate their contracts. Oh, yes, Captain,” she nodded slowly as she saw Rhaine’s eyes widening, “you heard me correctly. You and your band failed to disrupt the ritual at Crossroad Keep; the Reavers are indeed the Hosttower mages you encountered there, and their leader is indeed Black Garius.”Rhaine exchanged looks with Zhjaeve. “And how can these True Names be used against them?”“That is what I am here to determine,” Natale replied. “I cannot read the script this scroll is written in, and therefore cannot interpret the results. You,” she beckoned to Zhjaeve with a snap of her fingers, “can you read this?”The githzerai hesitantly moved closer to the Ambassador and began looking over the scroll.“Well?”Zhjaeve glanced at Sydney, then back to Rhaine. “These names… they can be used to weaken the Reavers – perhaps enough to enable us to kill them permanently.”“Can you read them aloud?”“It is difficult, but I can give them voice, y-”“Then you are of use to me,” Natale replied, returning her attention to Rhaine. “But you are not. I have no need for you, and I care not whether you live or die. You were merely a vehicle for bringing these two to me. Having the names and reciting them are not the same… but the gith can bridge that gap. When I have deciphered what I need, I will return to Luskan and secure my claim as Master of one of the Hosttowers.”“You are a fool,” Zhjaeve hissed, her spear ready as she whirled back to Rhaine’s side. “In ambushing us, you undermine yourself, when we could have accomplished more as allies.”“Forget this,” Qara growled. “Let’s just burn this ‘mage’ and take the Names.”“Ah, Qara,” Sydney simpered. “You would be a treasure to keep if circumstances were not otherwise.”“If you’re going to kill us,” the sorceress bit back, “go on and try before your perfume does it for you.”“Oh, I won’t bother with you myself. I’ll let my servant handle you as was intended,” Sydney replied wickedly, withdrawing a small stone from her pocket and holding it aloft. “The Hosttower has been promised your father’s entire Academy as servants to do with as we see fit. The only price is dealing with you – permanently.”Suddenly, a portal began to open before them, and from it emanated scorching heat – a doorway to the Plane of Fire itself.“It’s an offer we simply can’t pass up,” Natale continued, stepping back alongside her bodyguard. “Even considering your talent – it is a waste of much potential, but it is best to quench a fire before it grows out of control.”Out of the portal then stepped an Animus Fire Elemental, matching Qara precisely in shape and stature, but with glowing red eyes and a flaming form. It was a foe that had been crafted from the sorceress’s very life essence, also matching her in skill.Fighting fire with fire.Sydney herself stood back and merely watched with a smug expression on her face, expecting the Animus to destroy Qara outright. But what she didn’t bank on was Zhjaeve and Rhaine defending the sorceress, and though the resulting battle was heated – pardon the pun – the elemental was eventually destroyed by the storm of spells, driven back to the plane from which it had been summoned in a burst of flame.Sydney’s jaw dropped, her eyes wide as Zhjaeve and Rhaine healed what wounds had been dealt them. “I… I can’t believe it. You defeated it!”“Save it, witch,” Qara snapped, staff still held at the ready. “If that’s your last trick, you don’t have much of a future left.”“Dear Qara, you are a catch indeed,” the Ambassador answered, quickly recovering. “Such a temper. Jalboun! Earn your pay and slay them!”It was Rhaine who met the mercenary head on, engaging in an intense melee to prevent him from reaching her comrades. He was skilled with a pair of shortswords, however, battling with a blinding fury of blows that was difficult to counter.  All the while, Zhjaeve and Qara engaged in a spellslinging contest with Sydney Natale, who, despite seeming otherwise, was quite the skilled mage herself. It took great effort, and there were many more injuries on all their parts before the Ambassador and her bodyguard was finally slain.The two healers took several moments to see to theirs and Qara’s wounds again, before the sorceress finally spoke with a haughty tone, “That witch didn’t stand a chance against us, and those Reavers won’t either!”“Despite the ambush,” Zhjaeve added, a pleased note in her own voice, “this encounter has worked in our favor. We now have the True Names of the reavers - a potent weapon we can use against them. We should return to the keep as soon as possible.”“Agreed,” Rhaine said with a nod, sighing as she turned to see to Natale’s and Jalboun’s Rites before their departure. “Let me take care of this, and we’ll go.”------------------------------------------------------Ammon Jerro was waiting in the courtyard for them when they returned. His arms were folded across his chest, and he looked expectant.“So, did your meeting with the Ambassador prove productive?” he asked.“It did,” Rhaine replied. “But Sydney betrayed us, and we were forced to kill her.”“Indeed?” Ammon answered with a raised brow. “Somehow, I am not surprised. And what is it that you have recovered from her?”“Oh, she had their names… so we know what to call them when we’re begging them not to kill us,” Qara quipped with an eye roll, evidently clueless as to what True Names really were and what power they held.“Their True Names?” Ammon inquired, himself apparently understanding and seemingly surprised. “Let me see them.”Instead of indulging him, however, Zhjaeve clutched the scroll close to her chest. “Know that this is the only copy of the Names, and I am the one entrusted with keeping them safe.”Rhaine cast a sidelong look at the gith. “Zhjaeve, let him see. He won’t harm the scroll, I’m sure.”“It shall be done, Kalach-cha,” the githzerai assented at her request, albeit reluctantly.“A wise decision,” Ammon commented, taking the scroll and looking it over, though with a noticeably careful hand.“They will be useful in our coming battles with the Reavers,” Zhjaeve explained. “By reading them aloud, the Names may weaken them to the point of mortality. Know that I am the only one that can read the script in which they were written.”“You are mistaken,” Ammon retorted with a sharp glare. “I can read this script as well as you, gith. This is to our advantage and you know it.”“Then make a copy of the scroll so that I may keep it for myself, and we shall both wield them as weapons against our foes.”“I am not your scribe! That is a task for Aldanon.”“Silence!” Rhaine snapped, her temper flaring at the two’s bickering. “Cease this pointless arguing… it gets us nowhere! I care not how the copies are made, but there will be two scrolls that the both of you will carry. See that it is done and immediately.”Zhjaeve and Ammon stared at each other long and hard before heading upwards to the keep, presumably to inform Aldanon of their request. It was obvious that this extended conflict was bringing out the worst in everyone, including Rhaine herself. Once free of her companions, the Doomguide immediately made for her quarters and locked the door behind her for a few long hours of peace and seclusion, praying that Kana would not bother her with yet another report…------------------------------------------------------It did not take long for them to find a subject to test the True Name scrolls upon. Kana’s scouts finally located a Reaver moving far too close to Crossroad Keep for comfort, and the companions set out at once to dispatch it. As they approached, Zhjaeve and Ammon kept their distance, the former reciting the True Names as the companions engaged in combat with the foe. A white light emanated from the gith as she recited each of the Names four times, building in intensity with each repetition, until it at last lashed at the Shadow Reaver with blinding power. At that instant, Rhaine struck a killing blow, and the Reaver fell to the ground, dead…… without returning to Merdelain.The companions whooped and hollered their victory. This was what could turn the tide of the entire war. And as the Doomguide searched its corpse for anything of use, she found an additional surprise – yet another shard of the Sword of Gith.“Know that this shard is, perhaps, the last one we need,” Zhjaeve observed.“How so? We have hardly enough to make a hairpin, much less a blade,” Khelgar remarked skeptically.“That is true, but I do not believe we need all of the shards to reforge the Sword of Gith,” Zhjaeve continued. “Now all we must know is how to reform it. And to do that, we must also know how it was broken.”“Can you provide any insight, Ammon?” Rhaine asked the warlock, brow raised.“I would if I could,” he replied shortly. “And you are right to ask me. At least I speak plainly, unlike the gith. I was too busy being detained on the Lower Planes after the battle to discover how it was broken. But there is one who has had much time to consider it… one who fought the King of Shadows long ago. A dragon named Nolaloth. He was defeated, unfortunately, but his spirit was chained down to this realm by the Illefarn, as they had promised to find a way to heal him. But, this may prove useless; the last time he and I spoke, we did not part on friendly terms. He has little reason to help us.”“Regardless,” the githzerai answered, “we need to know what he knows.”“I agree.” Rhaine nodded resolutely. “If he has the key to putting this sword back together, then we must have it.”Ammon sighed heavily. “I can show you where he is, but I cannot join you – his hatred for me would override any persuasion you might employ. Also, be warned. The presence of his spirit has given life to an otherwise desolate mountain. Dragons flock to the location in swarms to bask in his power. They see him as a hero of sorts, but they are also covetous of his strength.”------------------------------------------------------Sure enough, the valley where Nolaloth’s spirit was chained was rife with life in the middle of the barren mountains, not far from Ammon Jerro’s Haven. There, in the center of the valley, a gigantic crystal dragon heart pulsed slowly, emanating power as it revolved above a clear pool of water. On the ridges surrounding the valley, two Black dragons perched, watching the newcomers with great interest, though they made no move against the party.When Rhaine reached a precipice that overlooked a canyon river, the ghostly head of the crystal wyrm himself manifested above her. He was, at first, angry with their intrusion into his resting place, but the Doomguide managed to convince him that they needed his help. Upon hearing the name of his ancient foe, King of Shadows, the dragon’s spirit was more than willing to offer what advice he could to them.He explained that though a shadow may grow impossibly large, it must always circle its master. To find the crux of the problem, they would have to find the center – the cause – of the darkness. Likewise, if Rhaine was to reform the Sword of Gith, she would have to look past the shards to see the sword itself. She would have to return to the source of the problem – the place where the blade was shattered – to “reforge” it with sheer force of will.In return for this information, Nolaloth asked only for Rhaine to finish him off by destroying his heart. The githyanki and Ammon Jerro both had come to him for advice, and neither had granted him his last wish. With the fall of the Illefarn people, there was no hope left for the dragon, and all he wanted was to finally die in peace. It was a wish that Rhaine mercifully granted the crystal wyrm, though it incurred the wrath of the watching Black dragons. They were nothing, however, in comparison to Tholapsyx, and the companions were soon on their way back to Crossroad Keep to ask Ammon Jerro where in West Harbor the Sword of Gith had shattered.------------------------------------------------------They returned to the ruined village by way of the Song Portal in the ruins of Arvahn in order to bypass the edges of the growing darkness, as Aldanon had suggested. Past its linked partner in the Mere, the influence of the shadows was strong, the air thick and heavy, seemingly draining their very spirits with its oppressiveness. Shadows took on the forms of Rhaine’s slain childhood acquaintances, but the Doomguide saw past their ruse. The companions fought to reach the scar in the earth, where Zhjaeve had heard the wailing of the child so strongly before.“This is it,” Ammon said quietly. “This is where the blade shattered when it met that of the King of Shadows so many years ago.”From his pouch at his belt, then, he took one last piece of the Sword of Gith – the golden hilt. This, he extended to the priestess without a word, and she took it gingerly.“The sword’s power runs strong here,” Zhjaeve remarked. “But without your will and focus, Rhaine, this is just a place. It is your heart and mind that will forge the blade anew, and without your clear concentration, it cannot be mended. Are you ready?”Rhaine took in a deep breath and nodded. “As ready as I’ll ever be.”“Good. Come and sit with me,” the githzerai instructed, seating herself cross-legged on one side of the scar. Rhaine hesitantly moved to the other side, laying the shards of the blade directly on the charred dirt.“Hear not just my words, but the meaning behind them,” Zhjaeve continued as Rhaine settled herself upon the ground. “Zerthimon’s will… my will… your will… let us all be as one. Grasp the hilt and close your eyes.”The Doomguide nodded again, taking the hilt in her hand and letting her eyelids slowly shut, trying to relax as she focused on the githzerai’s voice. She knew her companions ringed her in a protective circle, and she allowed herself to let down her guard, despite the darkness around them.

“In this place, broken upon shadow, carved deep into the earth… what once was sundered from two peoples born…”A metallic throb rose in Rhaine’s chest, in rhythm with her heartbeat.“… make what was shattered whole again… by the heart that guides the will…”The throbbing gradually grew greater and greater, the hilt physically pulling towards the scar on the earth, so that the Doomguide was forced to tighten her grip to keep it from flying out of her hand…“… by the will that guides the hand… by the hand that guides the blade…”A metallic ringing noise sang through the air, the magnetic force in the hilt pulling Rhaine to her feet with its strength. Still, she kept her eyes squeezed tightly shut, even as a wind formed and she could hear the shards whistling through the air before her. A sharp clang then sounded throughout the empty village, and suddenly, the weight in her hands was much greater…“And the hand that guides the blade!” Zhjaeve’s voice was tinged with obvious excitement now, but Rhaine didn’t dare open her eyes yet.“By the gods, I didn’t think it possible,” she heard Ammon whisper in awe.“Rhaine,” Casavir said gently. “Look.”She slowly peeled her eyelids open, first one, and then the other. There, in her hand, was the Sword of Gith. The shards had taken their former places on the blade, a ghostly silver light filling in the gaps where slivers had yet to be found. But the weapon had all the weight of a fully-forged sword, and the light that comprised the missing sections of the edge was just as sharp as the actual metal. Though it looked like a patchwork, there was no doubt that the blade was powerful – the shard in Rhaine’s chest hummed with energy, now, filling her with a strange, metallic vibration.The Doomguide smiled at Zhjaeve. “You did it.”The githzerai shook her head, and Rhaine could see from the crinkling at the corner of her eyes that she was smiling back. “Know that it was you who reformed the blade. I merely walked with you.”“How does it feel to be back home, Shard-Bearer?”There was a flash of light, and the companions suddenly found themselves surrounded by a ring of flames, shadows along its edges. Two blade golems flanked a Shadow Reaver, and his skull-like face twisted into a sadistic grin.“Is that the famed blade?” he continued as they readied their weapons. “It looks so pathetic… and useless, without you to hold it together.”“I think you will find its edge more than a match for you and your King of Shadows, Reaver!” Zhjaeve challenged.“My master does not fear a poorly-forged blade,” the Reaver scoffed, “nor a poorly-forged hero.”“Let me test it out on you, first, and see what he thinks,” Rhaine growled, shifting the Sword of Gith to her off hand and drawing Touch of Death in the other. She hadn’t before trained in using two weapons at once, but she had always found that her bastard sword was astonishingly flexible in its use.“Keep him at bay while I recite the True Names!” Ammon hissed, backing away as far as he dared.“I brought some friends of yours with me, Shard-Bearer. You may recognize them. After all, they once lived in West Harbor,” the Reaver taunted, gesturing to the shadows, which bore the pale visages of all the slain villagers she had known since childhood. “Your petty ‘god’ has no power over our Lord – your silly prayers and meaningless rituals have failed to keep your fellows safe… yet again.”Ammon began the recitation, while Rhaine and her companions launched into battle with their new adversaries. Casavir, Elanee, and Sand attempted to take down the blade golems themselves, the rest of the comrades focusing on the shadows. The Doomguide, consumed with a nearly blinding fury, threw caution to the wind as she swung both Touch of Death and the Sword of Gith wildly at the Shadow Reaver – there was no way the thing could possibly avoid both blades at once.Then, a wave of white energy sprang from Ammon’s body and slammed into the reaver with a staggering force. At that moment, Rhaine plunged both weapons into the Reaver’s heart, and as suddenly as the flames and shadows had appeared, they vanished utterly. The golems, too, collapsed to the ground as useless heaps of metal.In the quiet aftermath, as the group caught their breath and tended to their wounds, Zhjaeve finally spoke again, “That was not a planned attack. It was desperation. Know that because the blade of Gith has been reformed, the King of Shadows will be forced to move more quickly. We should return to Crossroad Keep as soon as we can; there is no telling what he will do next.”

“Knight-Captain?”“Yes, Kana?”The Lieutenant looked more than a little irritated. “It’s Sergeant Starling. He’s not acting himself, lately, and the men under his command say he is getting worse by the day. I don’t know what it is that’s eating at him from the inside, but it is costing us morale we can’t afford to lose. Can you talk to him, when you have time? I know you two were childhood acquaintances, so you may be able to help him more than I.”Rhaine nodded, concern for her friend growing now that her Lieutenant had brought it up to her. “I’ll see what I can do, Kana. Thank you for bringing this to my attention.”“Of course, Captain.”The Doomguide immediately made her way out of the keep and into the courtyard. It wasn’t long before she spied Bevil sitting by himself near the church with a mug of mead in hand. Kana was right. He appeared utterly despondent… even more so than he had when they last spoke. He looked up and smiled briefly upon seeing her, but then quickly glanced away as if he did not expect – or did not want - her to approach.Regardless, she sat down on the ground beside him. “You’re not looking so good lately, Bevil. What’s wrong?”“Kana’s been talking to you, hasn’t she?”“Yes, she has. Why?”“Figures.”Rhaine placed her hand on his shoulder. “Bevil, the men are worried about you. I’m worried about you.”“Hmph,” he shrugged her off, draining his tankard. “Don’t see any reason why you should be. I’m nothing in the grand scheme of things. At the end of the day, I’m just another man with a grey cloak.”“What is wrong with you?!” Rhaine exclaimed in sheer frustration at his words. “Why are you degrading yourself like this?”“Because it’s true!” he snapped, jumping to his feet. “Because I am worthless! Because if it wasn’t for me-”He halted, an expression of pure torture writ on his face, then. Rhaine’s eyes were wide and her mouth was open slightly as she stared up at her old friend, speechless. He looked away from her, as if in pain, and shook his head fiercely, then punched his hand into the wall of the church as he took in shuddering breaths. The priestess was sincerely scared for him; she had never seen him like this before.“Because if it wasn’t for me, those creatures would never have known you went to Neverwinter,” he said at last, his voice laden with emotion.Rhaine blinked, confused. “What? What are you talking about?”He sighed heavily, looking down at his feet because he evidently couldn’t bring himself to look at her. “I was alone on patrol outside the village, not long after you left, and those things attacked me… overwhelmed me. They threatened my life and I told them everything. Everything! You, the shard, Neverwinter, all of it! I squealed like a little pig, Rhaine! They followed you because I let them! So people got attacked, and died, and their homes burnt down, and Ember got destroyed, and you got put on trial, and Lorne-”“Bevil!”“-all of this wouldn’t have happened if I had just-”“Bevil!”He stopped with his hands still raised in the air. Rhaine abruptly rose and took him fiercely by the shoulders, looking him directly in the eyes – searching them for the old Bevil and praying he was somewhere in there. Unbelievable sadness swam in their depths, such that it made her own eyes hot with tears. “Bevil, listen to me. It wasn’t. Your. Fault. Whatever happened out there… you couldn’t have helped it… you were alone…”“Rhaine, I… I’m sorry,” he whispered, hanging his head in shame. “I’m just so sorry… about all of it.”At that, she wrapped him up in a tight embrace, and he buried his head in her neck, holding her back. The priestess could feel his tears dampening her collar, his shoulders hitching as she stroked his hair and rocked him from side to side in soothing gestures. She didn’t care who was watching or what they thought of them. He needed the comfort of family, and his life as a soldier had not and would not give him that.“Bevil, it’s all right,” she whispered. “No matter what happens, you will always be my friend, do you hear me? Always. None of this was your fault. None of it.”They continued to hold each other in silence for a long moment, Bevil’s grip particularly tight. Finally, though, he spoke, voice muffled in her neck.“I begged Brelaina to send me here, Rhaine. I thought if I came here, to the frontlines, I could make it all up to you, somehow.”“You don’t have to make up for anything,” Rhaine replied firmly. “Please, stop this. Pull yourself together for the sake of your men. They need you; I need you. You are a good man, Bevil Starling. You always have and always will be.”He pushed away from her, a mixture of incredulousness and amusement on his face. “How do you do this?”“Do what?”He gesticulated wildly at her, the keep, and the courtyard. “This. All of this. You’re a hero, Rhaine… don’t you get it? You’re what everybody else wants to be – what I always wanted to be. How is it that you know exactly what to say and do all the time?”She smiled weakly and shook her head, shrugging. “I don’t, Bevil. I just do what I feel is right, pray, and hope for the best.”------------------------------------------------------“Ouch! That was my foot!”“Keep quiet, Firehair, or you’ll ruin the surprise!”“Shut it, Mossbreath!”“Shhh! There she is!”Rhaine entered the keep, gaze fixed upon a slip of parchment in her hands. When she finally glanced up, she halted in her tracks as she saw a long banquet table pieced together in the middle of the main room – and no one else around. Her brow furrowed, and she slowly looked about her.“Kana?”No answer.It was eerily quiet, and she placed a hand on her sword hilt.“Lieutenant Kana?”Then, suddenly, her companions sprang from their hiding places behind the two side doors of the hall. “Surprise!”Rhaine jumped backwards in fright. There was a flash of light as Sand dispelled what had been an invisibility enchantment on the banquet table. Atop it had been laid a feast of gigantic proportions, complete with fine silverware and elegant blue linens. Decorative silver candlesticks illuminated the setting every few feet.“Happy Birthday, Rhaine!” They all shouted in unison.Heart still pounding from the scare they’d given her, the Doomguide was more than a bit shocked at the sight. With all that had been happening as of late, she had forgotten her own birthday… but her friends had not. All of them were present, even Bishop and Daeghun. She was truly touched by their actions, and she found she couldn’t stop grinning like a fool as she proceeded further into the room, looking upon the display before her in awe.It was then that Orlen strode up to her, placing a gnarled hand on her shoulder, a sparkle in his eyes. “Well, there you are, Capn’ – the surplus from this year’s harvest, all grown and hunted on your lands and prepared by your people. Congratulations.”“Thank you, Orlen,” Rhaine replied warmly. “But it couldn’t have been done without you.”“Aww, well, thanks Capn’… but go ahead and have a seat! Official business and all that can wait… this is your evenin’.”Everyone waited for Rhaine to take her place at the head of the table before seating themselves. Kana sat to her immediate right, and Sir Nevalle took the chair to her left, while the rest of them filled in the remainder of the seats in no particular order. Then they all ate together merrily, partaking of the bountiful harvest and forgetting their troubles for an hour or two, speaking about nothing of any importance. And when they had eaten as much as they could hold, they each pushed back their plates with contented smiles on their faces.“Time for presents!” Neeshka piped up after a moment, bouncing up and down in her seat.“Wait, what?” Rhaine was abashed. She couldn’t believe they had brought gifts, too. “But I didn’t- ”“Nonsense, Knight-Captain!” Khelgar interjected. “We couldn’t let a year go by without givin’ you something in return for all you’ve given us.”“Khelgar speaks truly,” Casavir added sincerely. “You have not only done much for Neverwinter and the Sword Coast, but also for all of us here, personally. We would be poor friends, indeed, if we did not show our thanks in more than just words.”With that, Grobnar slid from his chair and headed into the library, returning moments later with a box in his little hands. He walked up to Rhaine and set it in front of her. “Been working on this for you in between sessions with Construct. I certainly hope you find it to your liking, Rhaine.”He stepped away, and they all watched her with eagerness in their eyes, even Kana. She found herself blushing uncontrollably as she untied the neat bow on the box and hesitantly opened the lid.She gasped, putting her hands to her mouth upon sighting what was within. There, lying on top of a small bed of black silk, was an elaborate amulet: Kelemvor’s holy symbol, crafted out of ivory and gold, hanging on a delicate chain of silver and strung with duskwood prayer beads. She picked it up gingerly, noticing that the small ivory fingers of the skeletal hand could actually be lifted and dropped again, and the golden scales rocked back and forth on miniature hinges. It gave off a subtle warmth as she touched it, and she wondered if there was indeed an enchantment upon it.“Bevil told us what happened to your old one,” Neeshka explained at length, “so we thought you could do with another. What’s a priestess without her symbol, after all?”“Many of us contributed to its creation,” Sand continued proudly. “I gave up the silver for the chain, Elanee and Bishop fetched the duskwood, Neeshka provided the gold, and we all pitched in on coin to ship the ivory from Port Llast.”Grinning broadly, she put it on, carefully clasping it around her neck and marveling at the beauty of the symbol itself. “I… I can’t thank you enough for this. It means so much to me.”“That’s not all!” Khelgar added excitedly, rising from his seat and going into the library as well, this time with the smiths Edario and Jacoby alongside him. Together, they wheeled a tall stand covered by a sheet into the room.Rhaine shook her head in disbelief. “Oh, no… you didn’t…”“We did,” the smiths replied simultaneously, and removed the sheet with a flourish.The stand held a full harness of black armor, trimmed in silver. Judging from the cutting figure, it would fit her quite snugly. The plates were all elaborately fluted and ridged, bits of silver chainmail visible at the joints. The visored helmet bore a pair of decorative wings on the sides, and the feathered crest was blue to match her knights’ cloak.“You’ve had the title of Knight-Captain for a while,” the dwarf remarked at last. “But now you’re going to look the part! Remember all those ingots we found in that evil dragon’s hoard? That’s it… the black is adamantine and the silver is mithral. Now you’ve got a proper suit of armor to match your weapons.”It was then that Rhaine suddenly became aware of the poor state of her current armor – battered, torn, stained, scratched, and dented beyond belief from her experiences. This gift was not just for looks. It was functional, and she got the idea that her companions were concerned about her physical safety in her old, standard-issue steel. Slowly, she stood and walked up to the adamantine plate, impressed by both its strength and its beauty.“Why don’t you go try it on?” Nevalle suggested with a grin. “See if it fits?”Rhaine grinned back and nodded eagerly, the smiths then rolling the stand to her quarters so she could do just that. As she donned it piece by piece, she found that it fit quite comfortably, and she was certain it would serve her well. It was a bit heavier than she was used to, but such was the price of increased protection. Several minutes later, she re-emerged into the main room of the keep, her helm tucked under her arm as she presented herself. “Well, what do you think?”Their mouths dropped open. Nevalle whistled in the ensuing silence. Even Daeghun’s eyebrows were raised. Smiling sheepishly, she turned around so they could see her from all sides.Kana was the first to speak.“I see an undefeatable warrior, Knight-Captain.”------------------------------------------------------Rhaine stood on the tallest parapet of Crossroad Keep, watching the sun set over the Sea of Swords. It was a brilliant red, setting the water on fire as it slowly sank into the glittering waves. The breeze brought with it the pungent smell of saltwater, even this far inland. She put her hand to her new amulet, and the symbol pulsed with comforting warmth that did much to ease her spirits.The Doomguide allowed her thoughts to travel back over the events of the past years. Indeed, it had been two full years since she had left Waterdeep for West Harbor. How things had changed since then. She reflected upon Father Gerard’s cryptic words, and she now understood everything that he had told her then. Rhaine had often wondered if her path had strayed from the High Father’s instructions… if she were truly needed elsewhere. But now it was clear, without a doubt, that this was indeed her destiny, as Father Gerard had said – to stop the King of Shadows, the growing darkness, from consuming the Sword Coast. In facing such an ancient foe, she battled perhaps the most powerful manifestation of her church’s sworn enemies: an incorporeal undead creature that tainted the land itself with its unholy touch, spreading the curse of undeath wherever it went.It felt good knowing that she was not only helping her people, but also fighting her god’s fight at the same time.Closing her eyes, she let the wind gently blow her hair back from her face. As she held the yet-warm amulet in her hand, she felt as if she had been temporarily taken away from this world and was floating in a peaceful abyss. It was as if something embraced her protectively, allowing nothing to harm her or interrupt her. And for the first time in a year, she let herself fully relax… completely blanking her mind to all thoughts and worries.Then, she felt a soft whisper brush her consciousness, so faint that she was unsure she ever heard it at all.Draw your sword and speak my name.Her eyes popped open, and she glanced around, but nothing and no one was there beside her. Rather suddenly, she found herself reminded of her vigil in Waterdeep, and it was then she recognized the presence for what it was. Eyes widening, Rhaine obediently drew Touch of Death, slowly so that it wouldn’t make a noise and alarm the guards nearby. The blade shimmered with the golden light of the sunset as she held it before her.“Kelemvor.”No sooner than the name of her god had left her lips, the sword sprang to life, a pale green flame sparked from the jewel in the pommel. It licked harmlessly over her hand and lazily spread down the length of the blade. Her entire body was encased in a similarly-colored glow, and a wave of realization washed over her, her heart pounding and her breath held in awe. She had at last been granted the fabled Bond of Fatal Touch – the supernatural link with Kelemvor’s own sword that every Doomguide longed to possess.It was, without a doubt, the greatest gift of all.

“Captain! Captain!”The young scout was gasping for breath and stumbling as he scrambled to get to the keep as quickly as possible. He had to deliver the message – only then could he die from exhaustion…“Captain! Ca-oomph!”He ran right into the Knight-Captain herself, nearly toppling her over.“Easy, soldier!” she exclaimed, taking him by the shoulders. “What is it? What’s happened?”“It’s… it’s High… Highcliff,” he panted, barely comprehensible. “Commander Callum… pinned down by a Shadow Reaver…”Sir Nevalle, who had been following close behind Rhaine, grabbed her by the arm, his eyes wide in fear for his fellow Nine. “Callum is cornered by a Reaver? We’ve got to hurry and get to him!” He turned and began running towards his tower. “I’ll arm myself and come with a handful men as soon as I am able… go quickly, before it’s too late!”“Zhjaeve! Ammon! Casavir!” the Doomguide called to the companions nearest her. “Take fresh horses and follow me! Highcliff is under siege by a Reaver!”Within minutes, the foursome was galloping from the keep and down the steep road towards Highcliff, the wind whipping their capes behind them like banners. As they neared the town, they could see thick, black smoke billowing in the distance, an oppressive haze covering the area like a suffocating blanket.“The town has already fallen!” Casavir shouted over the horses’ thundering hooves, casting Rhaine a grim look.Rhaine spurred Angel faster, the white mare snorting with every lengthening stride. Highcliff came into view ahead of them, the houses burning and in ruin. There, Callum stood with only a handful of Greycloaks at his side, fending off four blade golems and a Shadow Reaver in an attempt to block its progress up the road. The Reaver just stood there, watching the spectacle with his arms crossed, as if in amusement, while the golems ripped the men to shreds; at last the golems fell to the dwarf’s mighty axe, but at the cost of the remaining Greycloaks.“Now that things are even,” Callum taunted, although there was a hint of weariness in his voice. “Why don’t you face me?”“No, Callum!” Rhaine called in warning. “Don’t! You can’t-”The Shadow Reaver laughed wickedly, scarlet power washing from his body and into the golems, suddenly bringing them back to life and repairing them, as if nothing had ever happened.“What foul magic is this?” Callum cried in horror, beginning to back away.“Charge!” Rhaine yelled, kicking Angel’s flanks and rushing forth with her blade drawn.But it was too late. Callum could not dodge the mighty blades of all the golems, and he took a hideous blow first to his chest, then to his back as his stocky form was spun around with the force of the initial strike.“Captain… tell Nasher… I failed…” he coughed before collapsing, blood pooling quickly beneath his torn body.Their horses slammed into the blade golems, knocking the constructs prone with the force, but the animals whinnied in pain as their hides suffered lacerations from the golems’ spiked limbs. Rhaine and Casavir leapt from the backs of their fleeing steeds while Ammon and Zhjaeve hung back, the former reciting the True Names and the latter raining magic upon their foes. The constructs quickly fell once again to the holy warriors’ weapons, but the Shadow Reaver was another matter, seemingly able to block every spell the githzerai cast. Casavir was the one closest to it, and he engaged in a fierce melee, though the sheer strength of the reaver’s blows forced the paladin to fall back step by step.The Knight-Captain drew the Sword of Gith in her offhand, calling down the Bond of Fatal Touch with the other. Her entire body felt electrified as the powerful divine magic surged through her limbs and into Touch of Death. The power continued to build with exhilarating energy as she charged towards the Shadow Reaver, nearly blinding her with its pale green light. The instant she reached him, the white burst of magic from Ammon’s recitation hit the reaver, stripping him of his resistances, and she thrust both blades into the foul creature with all of her weight behind them.The magic from the Bond discharged, tearing the Shadow Reaver asunder with purifying green flame as the Sword of Gith sliced through its form like a hot knife through butter. He was dead, finally… but at a heavy cost.In the aftermath of the battle, Rhaine simply stood there for a moment, both swords pointed downwards toward the earth, catching her breath. It was then that Casavir approached her, laying a heavy hand on her shoulder. “Are you all right?”She met his crystal blue eyes and nodded. “I am… fine. You?”“None the worse for wear.”At that moment, Sir Nevalle and his men came galloping down the road towards Highcliff, but he halted them abruptly with a raised hand when he glimpsed Callum’s bloodied body on the ground. He lifted his visor and walked his horse towards them slowly, an expression of complete dejection on his face as he neared and beheld the dwarf’s mangled corpse in full. Rhaine saw his throat bob once over the collar of his gambeson as he swallowed heavily.“I have come too late for Callum, it seems,” he said at length, voice quiet. “And for Highcliff as well.” After a few long moments of silence, he shook his head slowly and continued, addressing the Doomguide directly.“I must bear this news to Lord Nasher at once. Give him burial, Captain, and take your men back to the keep.”And with that, the young knight rode away, turning northwards towards Neverwinter. Rhaine got the feeling that Nevalle wished to be alone with his thoughts, and thus she said nothing in return. Kneeling, she said a few prayers for Callum while Ammon approached. The warlock sifted through the ashen remains of the Shadow Reaver and rose at last with a strange book in his hands. A smile of satisfaction spread across his countenance when he flipped through the pages, and he met Rhaine’s eyes with a hint of triumph in his wild gaze.“This,” he began with a toothy grin, shaking the book at her. “This is the Tome of Iltkazar. This is how Garius has been controlling these golems… and likely how he’s been teleporting them around the Mere with impunity. We should bring this back first to Grobnar, then to Aldanon, and see if we can’t make use of one of our enemy’s tools.”“I agree,” Zhjaeve remarked nearby. “Know that despite our significant loss here, this discovery could help our cause greatly.”At last, Rhaine turned to the Greycloaks. “Men! Wrap the bodies of Callum and his soldiers and take them back to the Church of Tyr. Return to the keep and to your duties… there is nothing more left for us here.”------------------------------------------------------A few days later, Nevalle rode back to Crossroad Keep, hard determination upon his countenance, and he was still fully armored as he rode up to the castle gates. Kana and Rhaine watched on the battlements as he approached, both of them eager to hear what Lord Nasher wanted them to do now. Aldanon had yet to find a way for them to get into the heart of the Mere safely, and this made them unable to do anything but bide their time.“Captain!” He saluted her briskly, halting his horse before the gatehouse and calling upwards. “Lord Nasher is marching five hundred men to Highcliff in an attempt to push the King of Shadows back.”Rhaine exchanged concerned looks with her Lieutenant. “Do you think it is possible, Sir Nevalle?”“I won’t lie to you – Lord Nasher does not expect to win this battle. We can only hope to buy you and Aldanon a little time… Crossroad Keep is, without a doubt, their next target. Prepare your men for what is to come, Knight-Captain, and pray to the gods for their favor.” He paused, looking away for a moment before returning his gaze to her. “Farewell, Rhaine. We may not meet again.”The Doomguide could only watch, then, as Sir Nevalle suddenly spun his horse around with a cry and galloped back the way he had come, armor glinting in the sunlight as he became less and less distinct, following the road down the hillside.“Captain.” Kana turned to her at length, concern in her black-eyed gaze. “What are your orders?”Rhaine’s face was grim. “Call everyone together. Everyone. Get them into the courtyard, on the battlements, on the rooftops, I don’t care… but get them out here, now.”Kana immediately began barking orders to the sergeants to muster the men. Slowly but surely, everyone appeared, filling first the courtyard, then the balconies, parapets, and turrets. Some of the night watch had, quite literally, been dragged out of bed, judging from their groggy looks. Rhaine’s companions gathered together near the armory, and behind them assembled the keep staff. It appeared Grobnar had indeed been able to make use of the Tome of Iltkazar, as his beloved Construct was now lumbering at his side – he grinned up at it with an almost fatherly expression upon his round features. Her soldiers lined the walls three men deep, all with curious miens.For a moment, she simply allowed her gaze to rest upon them all. They fell silent as they saw she was waiting, evidently eager to hear what she had to say. She took a deep breath and let it out slowly, and then began her impromptu speech, her voice ringing against the stones of the castle.“Soldiers of Neverwinter! Men and women of Crossroad Keep! Hear me now! Lord Nasher Alagondar marches with five hundred men in an attempt to push back the forces of the King of Shadows at Highcliff. We are the only ones who remain steadfast – the only ones who stand between the shadow army and Neverwinter! If Lord Nasher fails, it falls to us alone to hold back the King of Shadows… us alone to ensure that this evil spreads no further!“This is the moment you have been training for – have shed tears, sweat, and blood for. The test of our strength, our will, is upon us now! The coming days will be the hardest we have ever lived. But we must stand together, united in mind and body, to protect our families and everything we hold dear. For if we fall, the Sword Coast falls with us.”She jumped upon a crenellation, drawing Touch of Death. “But we shall not fall! Because we are the best soldiers that Neverwinter has to offer! Because we can defeat the King of Shadows! The spirits of our loved ones are with us… the gods themselves stand alongside us! And together, we will send the army of the King of Shadows screaming back to their graves! For Neverwinter! For Lord Nasher! For Kelemvor, Lathander, and Tyr!”Crossroad Keep erupted in a deafening roar of cheers and applause as green fire burst from Touch of Death. Rhaine held the flaming blade aloft, and the soldiers began a resounding chant.“Captain! Captain! Captain!”The roar of their voices carried on the wind, echoing around the mountainside and down to the valley near Highcliff.Hopefully, they would grant strength to Lord Nasher’s army.------------------------------------------------------“Knight-Captain! Nevalle and Nasher have returned! They’re wounded… badly!” The scout on the battlements pointed to the road.Rhaine scrambled up the steps to see for herself. Indeed, the knight of Neverwinter was slumped forward on his horse, Lord Nasher draped across the saddle behind him. The stallion’s copper hide was lathered with sweat, and both men’s armor was spattered with blood.“Katriona! Kana! Make the guest rooms ready!” Rhaine shouted. “Zhjaeve, Casavir, to me!”As the horse wearily plodded up to the gates, one of her soldiers took the reins while the threesome helped Nevalle and Nasher down from the fatigued mount’s back. The Lord of Neverwinter was unconscious, the knight barely so. Casavir took Nasher by himself, scooping him up under the shoulders and knees while the Doomguide and the githzerai supported Nevalle.“Captain… the battle…” Nevalle whispered as they moved him, “was a failure…”“Hush now,” Rhaine said firmly. “You can talk after we’ve healed you.”“Nasher… is he…?”“Unconscious, but alive,” the paladin supplied.They moved awkwardly into the keep. Casavir laid Nasher down on the bed in one room, and Rhaine and Zhjaeve likewise placed Nevalle next door. The Doomguide ordered the githzerai to get Lord Nasher out of his armor while she did the same for the knight.“Neeshka!” Rhaine yelled.A few seconds later, the tiefling’s head popped in the doorway. “I’m all horns.”“Fetch me some spare bandages from the storeroom and deliver some next door for Zhjaeve, as well.”“You got it.”The tiefling was, by far, the fastest on her feet, and so Rhaine relied on her to do the running and fetching while she and the githzerai tended to the warriors’ wounds. Her other companions occasionally poked their heads in as well to offer their aid – Khelgar took the Neverwintans’ battered armor to the smiths for repair, Elanee brought some numbing herbs to help with the pain, and Sand provided the apparati to mix salves and poultices.Both Nasher and Nevalle had suffered grievous wounds, but the latter had taken more blows, presumably because he had gotten between his liege and whatever danger had presented itself. Zhjaeve and Rhaine had to carefully clean their wounds and disinfect them before they could heal them with magic. Both sent Neeshka out frequently with bundles of crimson rags.After about an hour, Zhjaeve dropped by, opening the door quietly behind Rhaine. “I have tended to Lord Nasher. Know that he is healed, and is resting. Would you like assistance?”The Doomguide shook her head. “No, thank you, Zhjaeve. If you can, just stay with Nasher until he wakes.”“It shall be done, Kalach-cha,” the githzerai replied, inclining her head respectfully and closing the door behind her.Rhaine herself was far from finished. Nevalle had suffered at least a dozen wounds, mostly on his torso… all of them moderate to serious. None of them were clean slices – they had torn his flesh wickedly, and making sure that each injury was properly cleaned was slow and tedious work. His chiseled and stoic visage was contorted in an expression of agony, and she was surprised he had not yet passed out from the pain. He was an incredibly strong man.“For a while, there…” he grunted, every word difficult to get out, “I thought… I would end up… like Callum…”“Had you come to me any later, you would have,” she replied grimly as she examined and disinfected a particularly nasty gash on his side. The bleeding had finally ceased a while ago, so her job was getting a little easier.“The army…” he hissed. “Their leader… is Black Garius…”Rhaine paused mid-movement. “I had heard from Sydney Natale that the Shadow Reavers were the Arcane Brotherhood.”“Yes… he intends on retaking Crossroad Keep… as a fortress for the King of Shadows…”“He will fail. Raise up again, if you can,” she said, quickly passing yet another roll of bandages several times under his lower back as she bound the wounds on his abdomen. He grunted again as he let himself back down and she tightened the gauze.Then, Nevalle suddenly caught her by the arm, his grip surprisingly firm, and she glanced up to meet his soft brown eyes, glazed with pain. His breath was shallow as he spoke.“You… you’re an angel… you know that? A… a sweet… Angel of Death…”She covered his hand with her own and smiled wryly. “Nonsense, Nevalle. Relax.” As she gently squeezed his fingers, she closed her eyes and began reciting one of her strongest healing spells, allowing her mind to visualize his wounds. She saw them – the torn muscles, the fractured bone, and the severed nerves – and began slowly knitting them back together with her power, one by one.When the Doomguide finally finished, she was drained; the effort to fully heal Nevalle had completely exhausted her. The knight himself was fast asleep, breathing deeply now. Rhaine attempted to get up from his bedside at last, but an unexpected blackness swam before her eyes, and she unwillingly succumbed to slumber herself on the spot.------------------------------------------------------Rhaine felt her head slowly rising and falling, resting on something warm. It took all her will to drag herself out of sleep, opening her eyelids. Her vision was blurred as she tried to make out where she was…She jerked up, realizing she had fallen asleep across Nevalle, her head on his chest. He looked at her and grinned cheekily, his hands behind his head. “Morning, Knight-Captain.”“It’s… morning? Why didn’t you wake me?”“How could I?” He replied. “You saved my life. The least I could do in return was let you use me as a human pillow for a few hours.”“You rogue.” She glared at him and rose abruptly, quickly moving to the dresser, where she had set several potions she had whipped up the night before. She took one that was small and white and thrust it at him, popping the cork off the top. “Here… since you’re feeling so spry this morning, you can take a holy water infusion. I want to make sure that undead taint is completely gone.”“Of course, milady. Right away, milady,” he said with a wink, taking the bottle and downing it in one gulp.“Well, now,” Rhaine finally opened the room door, “There are more potions here if you still have pains or feel sick. And Neeshka went and fetched your clothes from the tower… you can dress yourself. If you’ll excuse me, I’ve got a keep to run.”He was still grinning like a devil when she shut the door behind her. Shaking her head, she then made her way back into the main room of the keep. Looking around, she saw no one but the door guards and Sergeant Katriona.“Where’s Kana?”“Scouts called her out,” Katriona answered. “I think trouble’s brewing.”Then, suddenly, the Lieutenant herself rushed into the keep looking quite disheveled – unusual for the typically flawless warrior – and carrying a slip of parchment in her hands. “Captain! The scouts are reporting that Garius’s forces are on the move. They’re aiming to take control of the two bridges that span the forks of the river below this mountain. If they manage to do so, nothing will hinder their passage to Crossroad Keep.”Rhaine’s eyes narrowed. So Garius did not plan on giving them time to breathe. Wonderful.“Call everyone to the War Room.”------------------------------------------------------Nasher and Nevalle both joined the sergeants, Lieutenant Kana, Rhaine, and her companions in the War Room, seating themselves at the large circular table there. Lord Nasher looked positively exhausted, dark circles under his eyes.“My lord,” Rhaine began. “Are you sure you are all right? Are you up to moving about today?”He nodded. “I cannot show weakness to our troops, or the King of Shadows will gain yet another edge. He marches to Crossroad Keep and will be at our gates soon.”“The Lord’s Alliance and Waterdeep have reinforcements on the way,” Nevalle added. “But I am not certain they will get here in time.”“We cannot depend on them,” Rhaine replied with a shake of her head.“Agreed,” Nevalle answered. “We must defend this keep as if we stand alone.”Nasher then looked to her. “You must hold this fortress against the King of Shadows. You have raised it with your own hands – now you must keep it together and lead your men in battle.”“Then let us start our plan,” Kana said. “There is much to cover.” Sighing, the Lieutenant then laid her reports before her. “The scouts have returned with more intelligence… Garius already holds both bridges.”“Well,” Bishop scoffed with a smirk. “Isn’t that grand news? We all know that whoever holds those bridges holds the keep – or at least the way into it. If they try to march up the mountain, we can make it hard on them… but the loss of those bridges means they have the upper hand already. We need to fix that now, before they advance again.”“Bishop is correct,” Casavir agreed.“We also need time to set up blockades in the courtyard and ready the walls,” Ammon interjected. “We cannot allow the enemy to cross that river, or we will have no time at all.”“If we act quickly,” Kana suggested, “we can recapture the bridges and destroy them, making it difficult, if not impossible for the army to cross. Slower and weaker creatures, like skeletons and ghouls, would be swept away by the currents, and vampires cannot cross at all without aid. Granted, it will only buy us a little time, but with our allies on the way, even a day could mean much.”“Even now, the land is our ally,” Elanee commented.“All right,” Rhaine said with a short nod. “Let’s not waste any more time.”“I already sent a small contingent to the river ahead of you,” Kana replied. “That being said, I recommend taking only one other unit with you.”Khelgar’s mouth dropped open. “Just a single unit? How will that help us? I can’t punch a bridge to pieces!”Rhaine looked sideways at Grobnar. “Perhaps one of your inventions will work?”Excitement abruptly overtook the gnome’s features. “Blast globes! Those will work! I can make some right now if you want.”“How long will it take?”“Well, it shouldn’t be longer than an hour.”The Doomguide took a deep breath. “An hour, then. Very well, let’s do it.”“We will set out in an hour’s time, then,” Kana stated. “But there is still the matter of your men. You must decide who you wish to command which soldiers. Archers and swordsmen will both be at your disposal. Who do you wish control of, Captain?”“Swordsmen.”“And who would you like to bring with you from your companions?”“Casavir.”The paladin rose and bowed. “I will defend you and this keep with my life.”“And one other?”“Neeshka.”“Wh-what?” The tiefling looked utterly flabbergasted. “You’re asking me to lead troops?”Rhaine grinned. “Your eyes are sharp, friend. You’ll be well suited to commanding the archers.”“Well!” Neeshka smiled broadly, her pointy teeth glittering in the candlelight. “Thank you!”“So it shall be,” Kana said finally, standing herself. “In an hour, we head out. Everyone arm yourselves and be ready.”The Knight-Captain wasted no time. She immediately headed to her quarters where she donned her new adamantine armor, quickly twisting her long scarlet mane into a bun and strapping on her helmet. She was pleased that the eye slits of the visor were a little larger than those of Sir Grayson’s helm, although she still did not like the restriction. She then re-belted Touch of Death to her left hip, the Sword of Gith opposite. Into her boots she tucked four additional knives, and to her belt she added several small vials of holy water – blessed herself – as well as a few flasks of potent acid and alchemical fire. Her knights’ cloak topped off the outfit before she swept down the stairs and into the storerooms to check on Grobnar and the blast globes.Satisfied the gnome was making good time, she went to the stables and tacked Angel, where she found Casavir and Neeshka doing the same with two more horses. All the while, Kana and Bevil assembled and reviewed the troops in the courtyard. The hour passed more quickly than she had expected, and soon Grobnar handed the crates of fresh blast globes off to the troops before they all marched from the gates together, ready to face Garius’s legions.------------------------------------------------------As the group traversed the winding switchback down the mountain, Rhaine was eventually greeted by Daeghun. The elven ranger had crouched upon a rocky outcropping overlooking the road to the bridges, armored in shining scale-mail and armed with a composite longbow. He rose and jogged towards Rhaine upon seeing her approach.“It is good that you are here. The situation is worsening by the minute.”“What’s it like down there?” she inquired, raising her visor.“The bridges are both held by Shadow Priests and undead of varying types… but mostly skeletons. The first bridge – the one farthest from us – is strongly defended and will be the hardest to take back. The second bridge, just beyond that bend there, is less fortified, but still dangerous. The men Kana sent before you have had no success in pushing the raiders back… they have had to stand their ground in hopes of keeping the enemy from advancing further. You must see to them at once.”“I will,” she replied simply, snapping her visor closed. She was about to kick Angel into a canter when Daeghun firmly took hold of her ankle and squeezed, looking up at her. “Be careful, Rhaine.”Surprised at this sudden gesture, she met his eyes and nodded before waving to her men. “Advance!”They continued down the road to see a contingent of about a dozen Greycloaks embroiled in battle with four Shadow Priests and their half-dozen skeleton bodyguards, along with a handful of ghouls. Rhaine held up a hand to halt them, barking, “Swordsmen! Follow the orders of Casavir! Archers! Keep to the rear and listen for Neeshka’s commands!”She then looked sideways to the paladin. “Hold them back as long as possible. I want to get as many spells in as I can before they reach us.”Casavir nodded grimly. “Understood.”She then edged Angel forward, ahead of the others, and began silent casting. Her first spell was a Blade Barrier – ten giant twirling swords manifesting behind the Shadow Priests – giving them no opportunity to retreat unless they wanted to be sliced to ribbons. The soldiers noticed the spell, and turning around to see the source, began running towards her, just as she thought they would, leading the Shadow Priests behind them.“Hold your ground!” Casavir’s voice sounded.“Archers ready!” Neeshka yelled.She cast another invocation, this time a Flame Strike raining down from the heavens and incinerating the skeletons. As Kana’s detachment came ever nearer, Rhaine drew Touch of Death and the Sword of Gith in her hands. She then cast one final spell, Hammer of the Gods, which came spiraling down from the sky in a burst of divine light, temporarily blinding the priests in pursuit.The Doomguide kicked Angel’s flanks, the white mare rearing with a cry as the contingent ran for safety behind the ranks of the fresh soldiers.“Charge!”“Fire at will!”Arrows whizzed past her head as she leaned over Angel’s neck, blade poised. She could hear the hoofbeats of Casavir’s horse not far behind her, and her fresh swordsmen dashed forward with shouts to Tempus and Lathander for aid. In seconds, they collided with the priests and ghouls, the latter of which with arrows embedded into their disease-ridden hides. A flash of white energy slammed into the undead as Casavir Turned them, rendering them immobile. Whilst the soldiers made quick work of the priests, Rhaine and the paladin dispatched the ghouls, and their first fight was over.Rhaine’s Blade Barrier dissipated, and the other troops caught up with her, both the archers and Kana’s original detachment. The priestess and paladin made sure that the soldiers were well healed before continuing on to the first bridge proper. It was easy enough to recapture using the same tactics as before, and it was not long before its shadow defenders were wiped out.After they had rested a moment, Casavir suddenly pointed to a side path. “Look there. Coffins.”They approached carefully. In a small recess carved into the hillside, the shadow army had placed at least two dozen wooden coffins – with no defenders to guard them. Rhaine raised her visor and exchanged looks with the paladin. “Are you thinking what I’m thinking?”“Vampires.”The Doomguide turned to her men. “Soldiers! Get those caskets open!”“Yes, Captain!”It took a good bit of prying, pulling, and grunting, but the men finally got one of the coffins open…… and they all howled with laughter as the vampire within was scorched by the afternoon sun. It jumped out with a screech and ran around the alcove like a headless chicken as fire consumed its body like tinder. The process was repeated for all two dozen caskets, resulting in both a huge loss for the King of Shadows and more than a bit of good fun for the men. Rhaine mentally thanked Lathander for a clear, sunny day as they then turned to continue along the road and retake the far bridge.The second battle was not nearly as easy as the first – Rhaine lost two swordsmen and three archers to the King of Shadows’s forces. At last, however, they successfully reclaimed the bridge, and they were about to turn around and head back to the keep when a familiar voice rang across the land.“Ah, the Knight-Captain of Crossroad Keep. It has been a while, has it not?”Rhaine growled, gripping her weapons. “Far too soon for my liking, Garius. Enjoying being a tool of your master, are we?”With a sudden bang, the Shadow Reaver Black Garius manifested before her, along with twenty skeleton warriors and another Shadow Priest. “A tool, yes… but my master has granted more power than almost anyone in Faerûn. Let me show you.”Suddenly, the skeletons around him doubled in size, and another dozen ghouls emerged from the very land itself, their twisted forms making sickening noises as they pulled themselves out of the ground. Angel half-reared in fright, and Rhaine struggled to keep her still.“You may stand atop the battlements, now,” Garius hissed angrily, “but know that I have come to reclaim my former home!”“And you’ll be humiliated once again!” the Doomguide retorted.“Oh, I don’t think so, Captain,” Garius hissed. “The King of Shadows is close to tearing through the walls of his prison, and then… well, we’ll get to that soon enough.” He vanished, then, but his voice lingered eerily, “Enjoy yourselves while you can. I’ll look forward to our next meeting, should you survive.”The Shadow Priest stepped forward. “And now, Captain, you will d-”Out of nowhere came an explosion, reducing the priest to ash mid-sentence. Rhaine glanced up in surprise and there, on the far hillside, stood Daeghun, flanked by scouts from Crossroad Keep, blast globes in their hands.“Now is not the time for questions, child! Defend yourself!”They launched into battle, the leaders sliding from their saddles and smacking their horses’ rumps to make them flee the area. Arrows flew everywhere from all angles - from Daeghun and his scouts, from Rhaine’s archers, and from skeletons perched on the surrounding hillsides. The skeletal warriors near the Doomguide attempted to surround her, but Casavir forced his way to her side, and Neeshka leapt to her defense. The threesome was a whirlwind of hammer and blades, attempting to fend off the undead despite their overwhelming numbers. Rhaine’s soldiers focused on the skeletal archers, while Daeghun and the scouts picked off the ghouls one by one.Finally, however, it was over. The three friends stood amidst a circle of bones and rotting flesh, what soldiers remained catching their breath on the hill by Daeghun. They had all been injured. Rhaine had received a painful stab wound to her side, where one of the skeleton’s blades had managed to thrust between her plates and through the thick leather underneath. Neeshka’s arms were lacerated. Casavir’s left pauldron had been torn off, and there was blood slowly trickling from under his right cuisse. Five more of her troops had been slain, and so had one of Daeghun’s scouts. They spent a few moments healing each other’s wounds, Rhaine performing her duties as a Doomguide as well, before looking around and preparing to leave.The elven ranger glanced down at Rhaine, a faint smile on his face. “Well done, my daughter.”She raised her visor and grinned up at him. “You’re not so bad yourself.”His gaze was kind. “A father’s instinct does have its uses, or so it seems. But come, our job is not yet finished. We’ve got bridges to bring down.”“You heard Daeghun,” Rhaine barked. “Pull back! Let’s remove our dead and set up those explosives.”It took them the next hour to send the soldiers’ bodies back to the keep and get the blast globe crates in place. Once they did, they retreated up the mountain, where they could see both bridges from a rocky outcropping. Daeghun drew back his bow and, with two clean shots, detonated the explosives from afar. With that, the bridges fell to pieces… making it nearly impossible for their foes to cross the river.“It is done,” the elf said simply.Rhaine nodded. “All right everyone. Let’s get back to Lord Nasher to report our success.”------------------------------------------------------They returned as twilight settled on the castle. Kana, Nevalle, and Lord Nasher all were standing in front of the keep doors, waiting for the news. They clapped and cheered when they saw Rhaine and her companions approaching.“Is it done, then?” Nasher inquired. “Are the bridges down?”“They are down, milord,” Rhaine affirmed, inclining her head.Lieutenant Kana beamed. “Congratulations, Captain. Did you learn anything while you were out there?”The Doomguide nodded. “Garius has found a way to empower the undead. He can make them larger and stronger.”“Large they may be,” Kana remarked dryly, “but skeleton bones will still break… just as rotting flesh may still be pierced. But this talk can wait until later. Come, you must all be hungry.”They turned to go inside, but Rhaine felt a light hand on her shoulder. She turned to see Casavir looking at her oddly. “Rhaine, might I speak with you a moment? In private?”She unbuckled her helm and shook her scarlet hair free… and for a moment, she thought she saw him swallow hard. “Certainly. Where would you like for us to go?”His brow furrowed. “The battlements, perhaps? It is quiet up there, and we could observe the troops without being disturbed.”She nodded her assent. “Very well. Let’s go.”Rhaine led him up the wall stairs to one of her favorite spots on the battlements, between the two southern towers. The moon was already rising in the sky, the stars beginning to peek through the purple veil of night. The priestess lashed her helm to her belt and leaned against the crenellations, looking out over the pasture land that surrounded the keep. Casavir leaned his back and elbows on the wall beside her, staring up at the twinkling stars.“There is death in the air tonight,” he said quietly, closing his crystalline blue eyes momentarily.Rhaine looked askance at him. “You sound rather calm, despite that.”He laughed lightly, meeting her gaze. “I am here with you… there is little that could touch me.”Her eyes widened, and she found herself blushing. “Well, I-”“There is something I must tell you before this battle is begun in earnest,” he continued, looking away briefly. “I wish to thank you for all you have done for me. You have restored my faith, and my strength, by showing me that there is indeed good in feeling something for another.“Though it may be dark, you shine like the stars above, to me. You are my guiding light, Rhaine, and there is nothing that can stand against us when we are together – in this life, or the next.”Her mouth dropped open slightly, her mind racing as she struggled to keep up with his words and their meaning, and he once again met her eyes, his own sparkling with a fire she’d not noticed before.“I will follow you, Rhaine, no matter what happens. Wherever you go, I shall go also. My sword, and my heart, are yours.”She clamped her hand over her mouth, and he simply smiled gently in return. Slowly, she backed up and into the tower behind her, leaning against it before her knees gave out. But her sudden weakness wasn’t because she loved him… it was because she didn’t.And now she had to tell him, somehow.His look became one of concern, and he pushed off from the wall, “Are you all right, Rhaine? I didn’t say anything-”“No, no, no!” She shook her hands and her head fiercely. “No… it’s just. Casavir…”How on Toril did she say this?She approached him slowly and placed a gloved hand on his cheek, even as her fingers trembled. “You are a dear friend, Casavir, and you mean so much to me. You are such a good man, and you honor me, but… I don’t love you in… in that way. I’m sorry.”He did not move from her, or push her hand away, but his eyes did flick downwards momentarily, their fire extinguished somewhat. The paladin’s sky-blue gaze returned to hers after a second, however, and he offered her another small smile. “It does not matter. I feel for you, and the feeling runs pure. For me, it is enough to fight for. And that, I think, is also enough to meet what comes.”She could feel tears in her eyes, and she wrapped her arms around his neck to hide them, embracing him fiercely; she felt so sorry for him – sorry for breaking his heart like that, even if her words were truth. Casavir hugged her back, though, and they held each other for several long moments before letting go of each other. Finally, the paladin pulled away, turning to head back down the wall stairs alone.“Casavir!”He looked back up at her. “Yes?”She paused a breath. “Good night.”He inclined his head politely. “And to you, Knight-Captain.”Hearing her full title coming from his lips stung a bit, and she winced – he was back to rigid formality.For some odd reason, it sickened her a little.------------------------------------------------------“Knight-Captain! Wake up! It’s Garius’s army! They’re here!”Rhaine woke up to one of her Greycloaks hammering the door to her private quarters. She had just finished patching her armor a few hours earlier and had fallen asleep with the adamantine suit still on. She scrambled out of bed and opened the door, her vision blurred.“They’re here? This soon? But… it can’t be past midnight!”He nodded emphatically. “They’re assembling in the fields… siege towers are being raised as we speak! Kana asked me to fetch you – she’s got everyone in the War Room.”“I’ll go immediately,” she replied, grabbing her weapons belts off of her dresser and belting them on as she walked. She entered the War Room to see all of her companions, Nevalle, Nasher, and Kana gathered together.“Captain!” Kana saluted. “We’ve got a problem. Somehow, Garius managed to get his army across the river faster than we expected. He’s moving quickly, so I assume he anticipates this to be a swift victory.”“If he’s got siege towers,” Ammon added seriously, “he’s planning on storming the walls to overwhelm us. We cannot allow that to happen – if we do, it will be a swift victory.”“We need to get extra men out to the walls and destroy those towers as they come,” Kana continued. “I recommend two units, both under the command of two of your companions.”“Agreed,” Rhaine nodded, buckling on her helm. “Let’s get our allies in on this. I want one unit of Ironfist warriors under the command of Khelgar. I want another unit of Lizardfolk under Elanee.”The dwarf grinned widely, pounding his fists together. “Let’s crack some skulls, shall we?”For once, the druidess grinned back at him.“What’s the best way to disable the towers?” the Doomguide asked, adjusting her chin strap.“Fire is your best bet. You won’t be able to knock them down, but you should be able to collapse the entrances,” Kana replied.“That’s all I need to know.” Rhaine snapped her visor closed. “Let’s head out!”Elanee and Khelgar followed close on Rhaine’s heels while Kana and the sergeants mustered the Ironfist and Lizardfolk warriors. They made their way quickly up to the first set of walls, and the Doomguide’s stomach churned. A black shroud hung over the fields, blanketing an army of red-eyed wraiths, shadows, vampires, ghouls, zombies, and giant skeletons. They carried weapons and torches lit with blue flame, and these blue fires danced into the distance as far as the eye could see… like a million azure stars in a sea of blackness.Just as the men assembled on the walls, she spied movement; five siege towers, each taller than the highest turrets of the keep, began advancing towards them. She could see the ramps on their fronts that served as doors while the machine was moving… these would lower and deposit the undead troops directly on the walls…“There! Those are our targets, men! Destroy those ramps at all costs!” She yelled, drawing her swords.All of a sudden, she heard a swooping sound, and on the inner set of walls behind her the Greycloaks launched flaming boulders from small mounted catapults. These rocks sailed through the air like meteors, some missing their targets, but some hitting dead on. The Ironfists yelled a battle cry as the first tower came ever closer, slowly lowering its ramp for the attack.The dwarves rushed the tower, pushing and shoving the undead invaders back into the siege machine and tossing blast globes into it. Elanee cast a Flame Strike, and the first tower suddenly rocked back precariously, its ramp instantly destroyed. The vampires within hissed at her and attempted to leap the gap between the engine and the crenellations, but flaming arrows from the inner walls stopped them.No sooner than the soldiers had toppled the first tower, they heard a crash as the second ramp hit the walls and wraiths began pouring out. The Lizardmen rushed to meet them with acid-coated spears. Rhaine used a Flame Strike of her own to destroy the ramp, but not before at least two dozen empowered skeletons charged onto the battlements alongside their incorporeal fellows. She followed up with a Turning invocation, hoping to paralyze or downright destroy some of them. Some of the giant skeletons succumbed completely to the divine power, and a few wraiths were immobilized, but they were forced to engage in melee with them. They had not yet finished dispatching the invaders when a third ramp crashed onto the walls, releasing vampires and ghouls.Even with their progress, the enemies were coming too fast. Several of the Lizardfolk and Ironfists had already fallen to the wraiths. Rhaine whirled and quickly cast a Blade Barrier across the battlements, attempting to prevent the third wave from reaching them. She then unleashed another Flame Strike on the third ramp, sealing the entrance – but the damage was already done.“I need reinforcements up here!” she yelled.“Reinforcements!” Elanee shouted in echo.More Lizardfolk and Ironfist warriors joined them on the ramparts, attacking the vampires and ghouls from behind. The Doomguide Turned again, this time destroying the ghouls outright – just as a fourth ramp lowered upon the walls. A flaming rock from the catapults slammed into the tower, tearing the ramp clean off of its hinges, and a volley of fire arrows knocked the invading zombies from the walls.Elanee had been pinned down by a vampiress, and Rhaine called down a Bond of Fatal Touch, leaping to her rescue. She plunged the green-glowing Touch of Death through its body, following up with a sideways slash with the Sword of Gith, removing its head from its shoulders in one easy swipe.“Thanks,” Elanee panted. The druidess’s hazel eyes abruptly grew wide, however, and she thrust her own flaming spear right beside Rhaine’s head.The Doomguide whirled to see another vampire with Elanee’s fiery weapon sticking through its mouth and protruding from the back of its skull. As the wood elf rose to push the dying vampire off of her spear, the bloodsucker was then decapitated by Khelgar’s mighty axe, leaving the fanged head dangling loosely on the shaft.“C’mon, Captain! There’s another!” he shouted.Sure enough, just as the words escaped his lips, the fifth and final tower reached the walls, its ramp crashing onto the battlements. How she had grown to dread and hate that sound. They were too far down the walls to get to it before it unloaded another horde of giant skeleton warriors and zombies onto the parapets.Rhaine Turned once more, most of the skeletons falling and the zombies knocked prone with the wave of white power. The Ironfists then hurled blast globes at the fifth ramp, the resulting explosion and firestorm disabling the last tower and taking care of most of the zombies in the vicinity. At last, the final skeletal warrior fell to the Lizardfolk, and they all raised their voices in a victory cheer.But then a panicked voice rang out from the gatehouse below her. “Captain! They’re still coming!”“What?”“They’ve got mages! Oh, gods… they’re going to blast down the gatehouse!”“Get away from the gates!” she shrieked.There was a deafening explosion as the outer gatehouse was suddenly reduced to rubble in a gigantic blast, knocking everyone to their knees with its force.“They’re coming through!” The soldiers cried.“Fall back!” Rhaine yelled. “Cover one another and fall back to the inner courtyard!”“We can make our stand there,” Khelgar added.They scrambled down the wall stairs to the courtyard, where Nevalle and Kana waited, the former fully armored and the latter with a crossbow in her hands. The dawn was already rising, the sky tinted pink.“Shut the gates!” Kana commanded. “The Captain has arrived with the remaining forces. And look! The sun has awakened! Garius may have arrived under the cover of darkness, but no doubt his army is now burning under Lathander’s power!”Rhaine shook her head. “Don’t be too confident, Lieutenant. My friends will join the men on the walls, in case they try overwhelming the battlements again.” As if answering her, Sand, Qara, Elanee, and Neeshka dashed up the inner wall stairs.“The King of Shadows will be hard pressed to breach the inner walls,” Kana replied. “Without their towers, they will be defenseless against our attacks from above.”“Yes… defenseless,” came a voice. Bishop suddenly approached from the shadows near the inner gatehouse. “If you stay on the walls, you know, you might actually live through this. Maybe. Or maybe I’ll see you in the Shadow Army before dawn.”“I don’t like your tone, ranger,” Rhaine growled, her heart pounding from more than adrenaline, now, as the hairs stood up on the back of her neck. “What are you talking about?”“Heh, that’s too bad… right now, you’ve got bigger problems,” he replied curtly. “This gate of yours isn’t coming down, which means this precious little keep isn’t going to last very long.”He waved an odd-looking gadget at her. “Don’t even try to repair the gate mechanism. I took a look at it earlier, and it was much easier to destroy than I thought. I doubt you’ll survive. But I will… because I am never on the losing side.”With that, he turned tail and dashed through the gates and out onto the battlefield before anyone could pursue.“Captain!” Kana cried. “Your orders?”“Soldiers of Crossroad Keep! Be strong!” Rhaine shouted. “We may yet win this day, and the sun has come to our aid! We must hold this courtyard as long as possible!”At that moment, Zhjaeve and Ammon Jerro joined her side, along with Casavir and Khelgar. The warlock took her by the shoulders. “Aldanon’s made a breakthrough. He knows how to get us to Merdelain!”“Know that we must take care of Garius first,” the githzerai interjected, pulling out her True Name scroll “No doubt he will join the fray soon, in an attempt to take your title from you.”Suddenly, one of the soldiers on top of the inner gatehouse leaned over the walls and shouted in warning, “Kana! The undead… they don’t fear the light!”“What?” The Lieutenant’s eyes grew wide in a rare moment of shock.“They’re not harmed by the sun! They’re coming… vampires, skeletons, all of them!”“Hold the line!” Rhaine barked to the Greycloaks beside her. “Do not fear! Stand your ground!”She cast another Blade Barrier across the entrance to the courtyard, so any undead foolish enough to try and run through the open gate would be diced to pieces. It manifested just as a wave of vampires appeared. They hissed and spat upon seeing the barrier barring their way.“Fire!” Kana cried to the archers.A volley of flaming arrows struck the vampires straight in their faces, while Sand and Qara rained fire spells upon them from the walls. Whilst the enemy was temporarily held back, Rhaine buffed her soldiers, casting blessings, prayers, and magical shields in a desperate attempt to keep everyone alive for as long as possible. Zhjaeve followed suit, adding her own power to their defenses.But then, Rhaine’s barrier was abruptly dispelled in a flash of crackling energy, and the undead began to flood the courtyard. The Greycloak warriors surged forth against them as the archers fired upon their foes from the walls. Rhaine twirled and lunged left and right, each movement landing a blow, whether by Touch of Death or the Sword of Gith. She thought the fighting would never end… they just kept coming and coming…Finally, there was a lull, and she could hear herself gasping for breath in her helm. Around her was a veritable mountain of bones and rotting flesh, more than a few of her brave men mixed in with them. She had suffered several wounds in the fight, the jagged weapons of the skeletons having torn through her chainmail in places and stabbed between her plates, but her adrenaline kept her from feeling any pain. Casavir and Khelgar too were injured, blood trickling from a myriad of wounds in their arms and torsos.“Captain!” Kana shouted, exchanging almost panicked looks with Sir Nevalle. “We can’t keep this up forever! There are too many, even with the sun!”A blast of lightning then came through the front gates, electrocuting the handful of men nearest Rhaine and frying them alive in their armor. Garius himself appeared in another flash of light, an explosion of fire raining around her and destroying the wooden barricades that protected Kana and Nevalle.“You can do nothing!” he spat. “You think dawn favors you, soldiers of Neverwinter? By my Lord’s grace, I can make even creatures of darkness unafraid of light with but a thought. And now, Captain, you will return my keep to me!”He waved a skeletal hand, and a powerful nightwalker manifested, drawing its gigantic form from the shadowy blanket that threatened to engulf the castle. It towered above her, a humanoid monster of pitch blackness, its glowing white eyes the only distinguishing features about it.“My Lord still waits at the threshold of this tiny world… but his avatar is more than enough to end you and your pathetic army!”Fury boiling in her veins, Rhaine readied her weapons. “This time, the Sword won’t break!”She launched into a heated melee with the shadow avatar, Ammon Jerro and Zhjaeve joining their spells to help her, Casavir and Khelgar fighting by her side. She dodged the massive blows of its clawed hands, retaliating with strikes of her own against this being of pure darkness. Each time the Sword of Gith made a pass through the nightwalker’s form, it flickered wildly, blinking in and out of existence…… until finally, it burst into smoky ribbons, dissipating in the morning air like black mist.“How?” Garius hissed, “How is this possible! The sword was broken! BROKEN!”“The recitation!” Ammon shouted.“Zhjaeve, hurry!” Rhaine yelled.Garius leapt at Ammon. A wave of wraiths suddenly followed him through the gates and overwhelmed the Greycloaks. The warlock was knocked to the ground before the Doomguide could even react – but not before the True Names spilled from the githzerai’s lips like water, the power of the recitation slamming into Garius’s form. Suddenly vulnerable, stripped of almost all his power, the Reaver fled, teleporting away before he could be slain.Despite this, with Garius no longer able to empower the undead, the wraiths exploded in the sunlight, the vampires on the battlefield scorching to ash, and the blanket of shadow retreated like a wave back into the ocean of blackness from which it had come.“Dawn comes and the enemy flees!” Kana cried. “Wipe them out!”The Greycloak warriors, pumped up by both adrenaline and fury, surged from the keep and gave chase, driving the shadow army before them in a roar. The men on the walls lifted their voices as Rhaine jumped to the battlements to watch the undead retreat, their cheers ringing off of the stone and echoing to the heavens.“Huzzah! Huzzah! Huzzah!”Rhaine, exhausted and nearly weeping with relief, fell to her knees in grateful prayer for their fortune.Thank you, my lord. Thank you... Kelemvor, Tyr, and Lathander, all.Sir Nevalle then rushed up the wall stairs, placing a hand on her shoulder with his eyes sparkling in the dawn’s light. “This day is ours! You have done better than we could have hoped… your leadership has saved this Keep and many lives of the soldiers of Neverwinter. Lord Nasher thanks you, as do I.”She shook her head, standing and raising her visor. “Thank the soldiers, Nevalle, not me. They are the ones who saved us, not me.”“You all fought well,” he replied with a smile, though it was short-lived. “But as long as the King of Shadows remains within his fortress, we are without victory. I overheard Ammon saying Aldanon has discovered a way to get there. Rest and recover for a bit, but meet with him as soon as you can.”------------------------------------------------------After a few hours of healing wounds, patching armor, and resting weary limbs, the companions at last gathered in the main room of the keep to meet with Aldanon, who held the Tome of Iltkazar and a quill in hand.“Finally!” the sage exclaimed when he saw Rhaine. “This tome… the Tome of Iltkazar… quite a wondrous thing, really. I was able to use it to… well, ‘unfetter’ the connections between here and there.”“Unfetter?” Nevalle inquired, brow furrowing. “And where exactly is ‘here’ and ‘there’?”“Yes,” Aldanon continued, “you see, the pages of the book are like places… closed, the pages are right next to each other. Opened, they are apart, but still together. See?”“That’s the most genius thing I ever heard!” Grobnar piped up, looking up at the construct beside him as if expecting it to agree.Elanee scratched her head. “So, you’re saying that the book can make two places closer together?”“Yes,” Aldanon replied with an emphatic nod. “The Tome can be used to make a doorway, and it can also pinpoint a location within the Vale of Merdelain.”Sand snorted. “But what he’s really saying is he can teleport us into the lethal heart of Merdelain, which everyone here seems to agree is such a wondrous idea, for reasons unfathomable to me.”“That’s it,” the sage nodded again. “Should work. In theory.”“‘In theory’?” Rhaine raised an eyebrow.“Don’t worry,” Sand reassured. “It should take us right where we need to go. Once unlocked, the Tome is said to be quite dependable.”“Then we need to go, now,” Casavir insisted firmly, “before the King of Shadows has a chance to regroup.”“Know that the Vale is the heart of Merdelain,” Zhjaeve observed, “but it is also the heart of the Illefarn Empire – what the King of Shadows was sworn to protect. We will be descending into ruins much like Arvahn.”Elanee nodded her agreement. “Shadow seeps from that place and into the land. All of his strength radiates from there.”“Oh, come on, Elanee,” Neeshka jibed. “What’s the worst that could happen? I mean… that we haven’t already faced?”“The portal could take us to a different Vale,” Grobnar answered. “It’d be hard to get out of that one…”“Enough talk!” Ammon snapped, patience obviously thinning. “Let’s go.”“Very well,” Aldanon said with a sigh, waving his hand in the air. “Whenever you young folk are ready, I can send you off.”At that, Rhaine took in a deep breath, looking around at her companions before letting it out slowly. Then, with a dip of her head, she said at last, “Let’s do this.”“All right,” he said, quickly penning a few more words into the book. “Just a few more inscriptions and one last activation word…”Nevalle saluted Rhaine. “Good fortune to you Captain.”“And the same from me, Captain,” Kana added with a smile. “May the gods watch over you.”“Good luck to you all!” Aldanon waved cheerily, a brilliant light beginning to fill the room. “You will most likely die, but try to keep that from your mind.”A sudden lurching sensation gripped the pit of Rhaine’s stomach, the world became a dizzying blur around her, and then everything went black.

“Where are we?”When the lurching sensation finally stopped, the blackness receded to reveal the dimly lit interior of an Illefarn ruin, cerulean crystals glowing here and there along the dank walls. The air around them was thick, still, and bone-chilling. The ceilings were low, adding to the oppressive atmosphere, and there were seemingly bottomless pools of dark water surrounding their landing point. Drips and splashes were the only sounds in an otherwise eerily silent chamber, and Rhaine felt the hairs standing up on the back of her neck in warning.“Great!” Qara’s voice rang loudly off of the damp stones. “We always go to the best places in the Realms. Are you sure that stupid book took us to the right one?”The Doomguide looked around, her skin crawling as her vision tried to penetrate the black shadows in the corners of the room; a singular long corridor lay ahead of them, but even with her half-elven eyes, it was difficult to make out. “This is it, I can feel it. It’s just not as close as we wanted to be…”“Agreed,” Zhjaeve added lowly, her own yellow eyes scanning their surroundings. “Know that this is indeed the Vale of Merdelain. But something has kept us from reaching the ritual chamber directly.”“So the book was worthless, then,” the sorceress threw her hands in the air in exasperation.“We wouldn’t even be here without it, you idiot girl!” Sand hissed in annoyance. “So I suggest-”“Hush!” Rhaine commanded sharply. “Both of you! This is not the time for inane squabbling. We need to get moving, but we should stay close together. No doubt the King of Shadows will attempt to separate us.”“Um,” Grobnar began, timidly raising his small hand, “I don’t think Neeshka heard you. She’s, well, gone.”“What?”The companions all glanced about frantically at his words, hands on their weapons as they tried to spot her, but the tiefling was indeed nowhere to be found. There wasn’t even a sign of where she might have gone. Panicked expressions crossed all of their faces.“She… she was right here!” Khelgar stammered, pointing to the space beside him with his mouth agape. “Just now! How…?”                                                          Elanee stiffened, fear evident in her eyes. “The shadows have taken her.”The githzerai’s own eyes narrowed. “Know we must indeed keep together, not only in body but in mind as well… or we shall be picked off. Let us hope we can find her as we go.”“I agree with the gith,” Ammon growled, drawing his falchion. “Stay focused, and move quickly. We have no time to waste.”The companions formed a tight wad – Casavir and Khelgar flanking Rhaine in the lead; Qara, Sand and Grobnar bringing up the rear; Zhjaeve, Ammon, and Elanee were then sandwiched in between. The Construct lumbered along behind them at its own slow pace, metal rattling with every step and the horns on its “head” nearly grazing the ceiling as it went.They traversed the maze-like corridors of the Vale in this manner for what seemed like hours, often walking in circles and facing many dead ends. Wraiths, living shadows, vampires, and even mummies awaited them at almost every turn. Rhaine and the other spellcasters attempted to keep their magic in reserve, only using their powers when absolutely necessary, knowing it was unlikely they could rest here for any length of time. Melee was difficult against these creatures, but it was better than wasting precious energy – energy they knew they would need when facing the King of Shadows himself.Finally, they approached a steep stairwell leading down to a narrow bridge that spanned another large pool of still, black water. There, on the opposite end of the bridge, three Shadow Reavers lay in wait for them. The companions ducked behind a pair of plinths on either side of the staircase, none of them eager to move forward after glimpsing what was ahead.“Oh, gods,” Sand whispered, plastering himself against the damp wall, his pale blue eyes wide in horror. “There’s three of them! How can we kill three Reavers at once?”“Know that Ammon Jerro and I can recite the True Names for two of them, but the third will need to be held off until the first are defeated,” Zhjaeve murmured.“Do we cast spells now?” Qara asked, obviously itching to exercise her powers on these foes.“No,” Rhaine answered shortly, shaking her head. “These Reavers are more than capable of shrugging off the greatest of magics… it would be a waste of effort. Casavir? Khelgar? Can you both hold your own in melee against a Reaver?”The paladin nodded grimly. “I can.”Khelgar looked intimidated, but tightened his grip on his axe nonetheless. “I see where you’re going with this, lass. I don’t like it, but if I have to do it, then I will.”The Doomguide drew her swords. “Then let’s do this. Ammon? Zhjaeve? Be ready to recite on my signal. The rest of you stay put unless I call for you.”Casavir and Khelgar emerged from their hiding places and followed Rhaine to the middle of the bridge. She fully expected the Reavers to attack her on sight, but she stopped when she realized that the three weren’t moving. The middle Reaver finally stepped forward, looking her up and down with his flame-wreathed skull. As he spoke, she recognized him as the one she had banished in the ruins outside of West Harbor.“Ah,” he began, voice echoing throughout the chamber. “We have been expecting you. All that our master needed, you so kindly brought with you. We thank you, Shard-Bearer. He has more plans for you, you know, but I do not think you need to be alive to fulfill that purpose.”“Now!” Rhaine cried.The threesome charged the rest of the way across the bridge and engaged the Reavers one-on-one. As they kept these shadow servants occupied, Zhjaeve and Ammon stepped from behind the plinths and began their recitations, chanting the True Names in unison. The githzerai targeted Casavir’s foe, while Ammon focused on Khelgar’s opposition. Rhaine herself was left on her own to fend off the third Reaver until either the gith or the warlock could turn their attention to her.The reaver had obviously learned from his past experience with her that Rhaine was not to be underestimated. His skill with his scythe had improved, and everywhere her weapons struck, his own was there to meet them with sparks flying. He attempted to magically daze her twice; she was able to shrug off the effects, but only barely – her mind swam as she struggled to keep her focus.Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, both recitations discharged from the scrolls, white light enveloping two of the Reavers. Casavir quickly dispatched one, and then dashed to aid Khelgar against the other. Zhjaeve immediately began another recitation for Rhaine as the two warriors jumped to her defense, backing the Reaver into the far wall. At last, the third blast of magic slammed into his form, and the Doomguide’s swords quickly ended him.The rest of the group caught up with the threesome, then, Elanee and Zhjaeve quickly patching up their wounds. As they waited a few moments to catch their breath, they looked around again. There appeared to be only one way forward, now. Ahead of them was a strange set of double doors, more elaborately engraved than any of the other portals in the ruin.“Do you think we’re close?” Khelgar asked, hands on his knees, sweat dripping from his brow.“We are,” Ammon answered with a curt nod. “The shadows are thicker and the air is heavier. Our foe is nearby.”“Know that we must proceed carefully,” Zhjaeve reminded them. “What we have faced thus far is nothing compared to the King of Shadows himself.”They reformed their close-knit group, advancing towards the doors with growing trepidation, all of a sudden very keenly aware of their mortality, knowing it was quite possible that none of them would make it out of this alive.------------------------------------------------------When Rhaine finally opened the doors, there was nothing in the room ahead to greet them. It appeared to be a lavish – albeit empty – ritual chamber, with many stone figures of the goddess Angharaddh gracing the walls… including five Statues of Purification. Large azure crystals, like those they had seen upon their arrival, illuminated the chamber in a cold and eerie glow. The ceiling was domed, soaring at least fifty feet above their heads. And there, in the middle of the floor, was what appeared to be a thin blanket of shadow – wisps of black, smoke-like particles pooling in a swirling mass at the center of the room.“Those statues,” Ammon said as he pointed them out, “are for the Ritual of Purification. We’ll need to do it quickly if we are to stop the King of Shadows from breaking through to this plane. He is far too close for comfort already. I’m assuming you remember your parts?”“I do.” Rhaine nodded shortly. “Let’s-”But she was cut off as a familiar form suddenly moved from behind a hand-shaped statue near the shadowy mass. It was Neeshka, her armor torn and her body covered in cuts and bruises, dripping dark blood on the floor of the chamber.She smiled up at them weakly. “I kept holding on… waiting for you. I knew you would come… it was the only thing that kept me going…”The tiefling trailed as she then collapsed to her knees.Zhjaeve rushed forward. “Know that I will tend to her wounds.”Rhaine, too, approached, kneeling and taking Neeshka’s face in her hands. “Gods, what happened to you?”The thief’s visage hardened, her red-brown eyes flashing as she spoke through gritted teeth. “It was Garius… he tortured me… tried to get me to turn on you…”Zhjaeve quickly finished with her wounds. Her strength returned, Neeshka stood abruptly, seizing Rhaine by the arm. “We can’t stay here… we’ve got to leave this awful place. Now. We’ve got to get out of here before-”“Watch out!” came Khelgar’s warning cry as a blast of electricity abruptly knocked both the rogue and Doomguide to the ground. Rhaine’s armor clattered on the stone as she scrambled to get back to her feet.Garius had appeared, a pair of blade golems flanking him.“Well, well, well,” he began, his floating mandible waggling as he spoke. “You made it all the way here. I am impressed. Truly. But really, what did you think coming here would accomplish? You have done much to hinder our war efforts, and now you will answer for it… and you alone.”Rhaine glanced around at her many friends. “Alone? I think not, Garius.”“Ah, and there is where you are wrong, Knight-Captain,” the Reavers’ leader replied darkly, “as you have been about so many things. Your companions… for them, I am prepared to offer mercy. You led them, you ordered them. I spoke at length with Neeshka, here, and with others you have traveled with.”“What are you implying?” Rhaine demanded. “My companions would never betray me.”“You have already felt the fractures growing within your tiny group,” Garius continued. “Perhaps there are those among you who can think for themselves and recognize the true enemy here.”“Bishop,” Casavir growled as the ranger himself appeared from the shadows.“My debt to you is over, Knight-Captain,” Bishop began, bow held ready in hand, “and the strange thing is… I’m a little sorry about it. For what it’s worth, I almost kept going for you, right there until the end. But your Uncle… it’s hard to get past that part of it even… even with everything else.”“What?” Rhaine exclaimed. “If that’s the reason you’re doing this, it’s wrong!”“I can’t help it,” the ranger replied with a sniff. “Getting tied down… even to a feeling for someone, just isn’t my style. The most frustrating thing about it?” He shook his head, chuckling mirthlessly, “I thought it was going to be easy to hate you, just like I do Duncan… and yet I don’t. At all. But you see, that’s the reason it’s going to end like this. I’m not going to be tied to anyone or anything ever again. I saw you and the paladin up on those walls…”At that the Doomguide was flabbergasted, so shocked and frustrated she could barely form words. “So… so you betrayed me because you were jealous? Is that it? You thought Casavir and I… you…” She glanced to the paladin, who was slowly shaking his head in dismay. “I can’t believe you! And now you’re going to try and kill me, too?”“It wasn’t entirely about you,” Bishop countered sharply. “You just ended up being the most important part of it. And yeah, that was the plan.”“Can… can you at least tell me why?”“Oh, do go on, Bishop,” Garius remarked with a casual hand wave. “We have all the time in the world. Our master will be here, soon, and then none of this will matter.”The ranger sighed. “You see, Duncan saved my life once… found me outside my burning village with dead Luskans all around me. I was the one who burned the place to the ground, and I didn’t want any witnesses. But then Duncan comes along, just when I was wounded and barely hanging on, and I had no way to keep him quiet. That’s it, just settling debts that never should have been made to start with.”“I don’t understand… why did you burn down your village?”“It was part of a Luskan initiation rite into an assassination squad… like Lorne was once part of. It’s something they order all new recruits to do, whether they like it or not. And I don’t care for that too much. But I also didn’t like the place where I grew up… the place that turned me into the fine, upstanding young man you see before you. So I saw the opportunity to kill two birds with one stone.” He shrugged. “I was going to burn the village and kill the Luskans watching me. But the villagers didn’t leave when I told them, and so they died, too.“I took some arrows… and to be honest, I didn’t think I was going to make it. I was too weak to fight back, and it didn’t matter, because for the first time I felt all of those chains coming off of me.” He chuckled again. “But then Duncan came along… tying me back to that place, to Luskan, to the past. He saved my life and then I owed him. That was what he was blackmailing me with in the Flagon so long ago. He called his debt due, and that debt was to help you. And I had to, lest he tell everybody that I was the one who was at that village that day. I don’t like obligations like that… obligations like you,” he finished, staring her in the eyes with his own dark gaze – a gaze that now seemed hollow and lifeless.“So you’ve traded one master for another,” Rhaine replied quietly, “and where has that gotten you?”“Say what you will,” he hissed, grip tightening on his bow, “after this, none of it is going to matter anyway.”“Come now, Bishop,” Garius interjected sharply, “let’s be done with this. Our master waits.”Rhaine’s brow rose. He eyes flicked back and forth between Garius and Bishop and, following a gut feeling, as inquired, “Was that an order I just heard?”Bishop caught her look and then whirled on Garius. “You watch it! I’m no one’s lackey anym-”“I think we’ve heard enough from this knight of Neverwinter,” Garius snapped, “and from you, ranger. Now be silent!”“Is that so?” Bishop answered, backing away with a wry smile on his face, even as Rhaine saw his throat bob in a heavy swallow. “Well, in that case, you can handle the Shard-Bearer on your own. After all, you really don’t need me, do you? I think it would be best if you stopped having people stand between you and the Knight-Captain, here. Torio, Lorne, your Reaver friends… I’m not going to fight your battles for you.”“You will die here if you leave, Bishop!” Garius roared. “I will come for you when I am finished here!”But the ranger melted into the shadows with another heartless chuckle. “Garius… you’re going to die if you stay.”The Reaver spun back towards Rhaine, obviously enraged now. “You were never a true leader! Even with the ritual and the Sword of Gith at your side, did you really believe that all of your companions would follow you unto death? I think not!”“Know that the choice is a simple one, Garius!” Zhjaeve interrupted. “If you fight one of us, you fight us all.”“Ah, of course. But let us ask each in turn, and we will see the truth. And dear Neeshka… let’s start with her, just to drive the blade home.”Khelgar looked utterly abashed. “What? Neeshka?”“I tortured her, yes,” Garius continued, voice dripping with perverse pleasure at his admission, “and cutting open your fiendling ally here revealed some interesting truths beneath the skin. It turns out that your half demon companion has just the right touch of infernal blood in her veins to make some ancient Illefarn binding spells take root… provided you shed enough of that blood on these stones. She must have a most unusual heritage to carry such power, even as thinned as it is. And once she ran out of screams, she learned to obey… didn’t you, my darling?”“You’ll see the Hells soon enough, Garius,” Neeshka quipped darkly. “I promise you that.”“Don’t fight against the binding overmuch,” the Reaver replied quietly. “Save your energy for the battle that is to come. And really, I think the execution of this irritating Knight-Captain is a small price to pay for your freedom…  and much better than the alternative.”Suddenly, Neeshka groaned loudly, moving as if she were being pulled by an invisible string towards Black Garius’s side. Her hands clutched at her head, and she doubled over in pain. In her eyes was a clear mixture of agony and horror, and she couldn’t bring herself to meet the gazes of her companions. “I… I’m so sorry… but it’s like the whole weight of Illefarn is pressing down on me… this whole fortress, all at once!”“Come on, fiendling,” Khelgar encouraged. “Fight it!”Rhaine met Neeshka’s eyes, a pleading in her voice. “Please, Neeshka. Don’t allow youself to succumb to this! You can fight it, I know you can. You’re a strong woman… the best hrasting thief in Neverwinter… and we need you!”There were several moments of silence as the tiefling met her eyes, tears streaming down her cheeks in rivers. Suddenly, with an anguished cry, she leapt back to Rhaine’s side, drawing her daggers and crouching beside the Doomguide with her tail lashing violently from side to side in sheer fury. “I can’t do this! I won’t do this! By the Hells, I’m not going to turn against the one person who showed me kindness… and if it costs me my life, so be it!”Garius growled. “You will pay for your disobedience… shortly. But there are yet others who even now question their loyalty.” He turned to face the grey-robed wizard. “Sand. I know you studied at the Hosttower… the power that slipped from your grasp there can still be yours. The relics you saw… they are nothing compared to the power of the Illefarn.”Sand chuckled as if laughing at a joke, waving his hand in the air. “I think I’ll pass, thanks. As alluring as the knowledge of the Illefarn may be, I know all too well what happens to allies of the King of Shadows when the Knight-Captain here is around. It’s a risk I’m simply not willing to take.”“But you, Qara,” the Reaver then confronted the sorceress, “what about you? You now have the opportunity to exercise your power as much as you like. Imagine if it were increased a hundred fold! No orders. No books or tomes. No restraint. Have your companions offered you anything but open hostility? I think not. They are narrow-minded fools, another Academy you need to cut yourself from.”“What, and have you turn me into a book after I’ve roasted everyone for you?” Qara retorted. “All you stupid Luskans are the same, wanting lackeys to fight your battles for you while taking all the credit for the power you obviously don’t have. You’re worse than my father, and that’s saying something. The fumes of your own stench must have finally gotten to your brain with your skin gone.”Rhaine heard Sand let out a long breath through his nose.“Perhaps your tongue won’t be quite so quick after I cut it out while you still breathe!” Garius hissed. “But let us keep going, shall we? There are more of you, after all. How about… Ammon Jerro? History can be rewritten this hour! And all of those wasted decades need not have been in vain. The contracts that bind you to the Hells can easily be broken… and the githyanki can be taken care of just as simply. You need not fear either group ever again. And Shandra need not remain dead… we can bring her back to you.”“You can promise all you like, Garius,” Ammon answered darkly, hefting his falchion. “But I have seen Rhaine accomplish so much more than you could ever dream of. And just for mentioning Shandra to me, I will enjoy watching you die.”“Very well, have it your way,” Garius said finally, waving his hands in the air. There was a strange lurching sensation agian, and they abruptly found themselves separated from each other by magical walls, shoved behind and between the Statues of Purification in a great many individual prisons. Another barrier ringed the center of the room, linking the statues in a circle, and the shadows on the floor grew substantially thicker in that moment.“Forgive me, but I must protect the portal from the bloodshed to come. After all, the King of Shadows is almost here.”A torturous wailing ensued, and red-eyed wraiths suddenly manifested around each of the companions, Garius beginning to rain deadly magic upon them. The spellcasters frantically raised elemental shields in an attempt to deflect the Reaver’s significant power, thankful they had kept their energies in reserve. Those who were unable to protect themselves in such a manner – namely Casavir and Khelgar - were suddenly quite vulnerable. Rhaine knew that if Garius wasn’t stopped soon, they would be severely weakened in a matter of moments.She Turned the wraiths, feeling a surge of power as those undead immediately surrounding her were immobilized. Once they were rendered prone in such a manner, she turned her attention to Garius, casting a Silence spell that made him unable to cast anything with voiced invocations. It was just the break her companions needed. As the Doomguide returned her focus to the wraiths near her, calling down a Bond to strike one of them down in a swath of green flame, Zhjaeve managed to dispel the magical barrier between her and Rhaine.With the aid of the githzerai, the Doomguide made short work of the wraiths and then dispelled the second barrier between her and where Sand and Qara were trapped together. The sorceress had cast a Stoneskin charm, and now looked to be a walking statue as she rained her own lethal powers upon Garius alongside her fellow arcane practitioner. Sand then cast a Missile Storm, pummeling the Reaver with raw arcane energy before dashing towards the approaching gith and the Doomguide.“Elanee!” he shouted, pointing to where the druidess had been trapped. The wood elf was pinned down by the wraiths, her life force draining more and more the longer the undead remained near her, her flesh paling. Together, Rhaine and Sand dispelled the magical wall next to Elanee and charged to her aid. With a Flame Strike, the Doomguide was able to destroy nearly all of the wraiths near the elf, Zhjaeve following up with her own Fire Storm spell.The flames from the githzerai’s invocation slammed into yet another barrier, shaking the very foundation of the chamber with the force and letting Casavir free from his prison. The paladin then fearlessly charged towards Garius alongside Khelgar, who had broken down his own wall from sheer strength alone. Both warriors had suffered severe lacerations from the wraiths and burns from Garius’s spells, but kept going, driven by adrenaline and fury.Construct and Grobnar then broke through their own cage, the mighty golem facing off with the two similar constructs that Garius had brought with him. Grobnar added his own acidic arrows to the mix, quickly corroding the joints of the golems with strategically-placed arrows. His pompadour was scorched and his leathers charred in places, but there was an anger the likes of which Rhaine had never seen writ on the gnome’s little face.Neeshka herself moved far more sluggishly than usual as she struggled against the binding spell that Garius had put her under. Still, she was quicker than the wraiths, and she managed to dodge their blows as Elanee’s Ice Storm crashed into the magic wall – shards of ice flying everywhere. The wraiths were reduced in number enough now that a second Turning from Rhaine destroyed them outright.Ammon was the last to break through, focusing his attention on the Reaver now that all of the wraiths had been dispatched. The warlock engaged in a heated duel with Garius, the air crackling, snapping, and filling with the smell of ozone as the two fired one spell after the other, each deflected with clever counterspells just in the nick of time. For a moment, several of the companions stood entranced as they watched the deadly duel before finally snapping free from their awestruck daze and returning to the fray.A blade golem was the first to fall to Khelgar’s axe, then the second golem to Grobnar’s arrows and Sand’s deconstructive spells. At last, with a roar of rage, Garius himself was slain by Rhaine’s swords, torn to smoldering bits by Touch of Death and the Sword of Gith… until there was nothing left of him but a pile of smoking ash upon the floor.------------------------------------------------------There was a pervading silence in the ritual chamber, now. Garius’s ashes lay still in front of the ever-growing pool of darkness, the recitation of True Names from Crossroad Keep having kept him from reanimating. At long last, the final Shadow Reaver was dead. They turned their attention to each other for a few moments, making sure that the most serious of their wounds were healed. But then, suddenly, the shadowy mass began to swell before them, pulling itself upright and taking shape as a portal. They all began subconsciously backing away from it, clutching their weapons.“Looks like the portal is opening anyway, no matter what we do!” Khelgar exclaimed, his eyes wide. “But I swear I’m going down fighting!”“It’s too late for the Ritual to stop him from coming through, true,” Ammon added hastily. “But we can still use it to weaken him. There is still hope!”As he said this, the portal expanded again, violet sparks erupting along its edges until a towering figure stepped through. It was at least twenty feet high, a massive nightwalker, garbed in bits of rusted chain and torn leather. It wore a skull-like helm, decorated with spiraling, glowing horns. Flowing behind it was a long and tattered cape, floating as if the nightwalker were underwater rather than on solid land. It spoke, then, voice deep and rasping as it set its white-hot eyes upon Rhaine.“It is you. I know why you have come. In you, I see a blind devotion to good… to the illusion of peace. Why, then, would you deprive this land of its Guardian?”Rhaine looked up at the nightwalker, intrepidly meeting his glowing gaze. “You guard nothing, King of Shadows! Your empire is long dead, and you wreak destruction upon innocent lives!”“Even such denouncements are a threat,” the once-Guardian replied flatly, a pair of gigantic curved blades manifesting in his hands from nothingness, “and so you must be cleansed, just like the rest. So be it.”“The Ritual! Now!” Ammon yelled, dashing to one of the statues.Rhaine wasted no time, running to another statue on the opposite side of the chamber. As her companions engaged the King of Shadows to distract him, she laid her hand upon the statue’s surface, whispering the words that Zhjaeve had taught her at Arvahn. A burst of bright light followed, and a magical force field manifested itself between the King of Shadows and her companions, rendering his attacks useless against them – a Shining Shield. At that moment, Ammon also completed his own recitation, and another burst of light formed a Web of Purity across the room, trapping the King of Shadows in a cage of blinding divine power.Rhaine sprinted to the third statue, repeating her invocation and causing the Ritual to revitalize her companions with the Soothing Light, restoring their wearied limbs and regenerating their remaining wounds. The fourth statue then emitted a wave of shimmering rainbow power that latched itself onto her friends’ weapons – the Aurora Chain. The fifth caused a ring of white energy to slam into the King of Shadows as he was caught within the Web of Purity.With the powers of the Ritual of Purification then strengthening their weapons and rendering the King of Shadows unable to maneuver properly, they unleashed their magics against him in full. Khelgar, Casavir, and Neeshka kept his massive swords occupied whilst the rest of them brought all of their mightiest spells to bear against him.And then, suddenly, the King of Shadows flickered once, and was gone.------------------------------------------------------They all looked around for a moment, first to all sides of the chamber, then to each other, surprise evident in their eyes. Rhaine raised her visor, her brow furrowed. No. That couldn’t be it. It was too easy.“Well, that wasn’t at all what I had expected,” Khelgar commented, brushing himself off.“Wait,” Casavir said, cocking his head slightly, “This isn’t over.”“Know that the King of Shadows’s influence is still strong,” Zhjaeve added, “Brace yourselves.”Then, the shadows returned, settling upon the Statues of Purification like a dark sheet.“Uh-oh,” Neeshka’s eyes widened.“The statues!” Ammon exclaimed.Before the words had even left his lips, a dozen miniature Kings of Shadow sprang into existence. They threatened to overwhelm the companions, racing across the chambers with impossible speed in void-black blurs. Elanee and Sand then attempted to even the odds. The druidess summoned an air elemental before calling a Lightning Storm, electricity crackling all about them. Sand then summoned his own floating sword to his side and invoked another Missile Storm. Grobnar cast a Haste spell and backed against the far wall, rapid-firing acid arrows whilst his Construct swung its blade arms violently at the knee-high shadows. Rhaine herself called the Hammer of the Gods whilst Zhjaeve cast her own, both spells impacting the clones simultaneously, the room filling with blinding golden power.And then, Rhaine felt a strange pulling in the Sword of Gith, as if the pieces of the blade wanted to fly from their places along the ghostly edge. Overwhelmed with a sudden idea, she relaxed her mind’s subconscious grip on the sword, letting the shards do what they seemingly wanted to do...… and they flew from the blade with incredible force, whistling towards the small shadows and ripping through each black form, eliciting shrieks from the tiny copies. They boomeranged around the room – ricocheting off the walls but never once striking her companions – flashing like brilliant stars before returning to the hilt in Rhaine’s hand and retaking their former places.Finally, after what seemed like forever, the last miniature dissipated, leaving them once again in deafening silence.Khelgar panted, leaning with his hands on his knees. “For every one I killed, another got back up!”Then, the shadows coalesced on the floor again, this time in a wider swath. Rhaine could feel the negative energies building and building, causing the hairs on her neck to stand on end once more. It was as if the strange presence was now angrier than it ever had been…“Stay alert,” Ammon warned with a growl. “This is not over.”The darkness slowly grew, taller and taller, until it nearly grazed the ceiling in height. The King of Shadows himself manifested again with a bang, this time almost twice his previous size. His swords returned to his hands, they, too, twice larger than they had been before. He loomed over them, crouched in an aggressive stance.“My,” Grobnar whimpered weakly. “And I thought he was big before!”“The statues!” Ammon exclaimed suddenly. “I’m certain they are empowering him! We have to destroy them if we are to ever achieve victory!”“But the Ritual-”He grabbed Rhaine fiercely by the shoulders. “That doesn’t matter now! We’ve weakened him enough that we can beat him with the Sword of Gith alone! He’s using them as a crutch, and we must take them out from under him!”The King of Shadows roared, the chamber quaking with the sound.“Destroy the statues!” the Doomguide shouted, charging forward to meet the nightwalker head-on.My lord, guide my hands…She had never fought so hard in her life. Rhaine swung her pair of swords faster than she thought she ever could, parrying the King of Shadows’s impossibly swift blows. One slip… one mistake… and it would all be over. Her muscles burned, her legs felt like jelly, and sweat trickled all over her body under her armor, but she couldn’t stop – couldn’t give up. Not now. Not this close. Her frustration came out as a scream of hatred and fury that somehow empowered her weary limbs with its strength.Suddenly, there was a loud crash as Ammon and Zhjaeve dismantled one of the Statues of Purification. It gave her a bit of hope… there were only four more left to go. But the King of Shadows never tired, never faltered in his constant barrage of blows. And she was growing weaker whether she liked it or not.Sand and Elanee destroyed the second statue with another resounding crash, followed by Qara, Grobnar, and Construct demolishing the third. Together, the companions converged on the final two Statues of Purification, pouring every last bit of their strength into tearing them apart.When at last they fell in plumes of dust, the King of Shadows faltered, and Rhaine’s swords landed solid blows on the gigantic nightwalker’s legs. The Sword of Gith tore through the shadowy form, trailing dark wisps as it seemed to take the King of Shadows’s very essence with it. Again and again she struck him with savage cries, the silver sword flashing with power as it ate at the living darkness like flame consuming tinder. His form began to flicker again, and he howled as a white light grew rapidly within him, consuming his body from the inside bit by bit…… until he finally burst apart, dissolving into nothing but wisps of black smoke.The King of Shadows was, at last, dead.Forever.------------------------------------------------------The resulting explosion sent an abrupt tremor through the ruin. And then another, stronger than the first.And then another.Suddenly, there was a loud groaning sound. The companions looked up at the source… only to see the dome above them cracking at an alarming rate.“This place is going to come down on top of us!”“Run!”At once they sheathed their weapons and fled, dashing through the winding corridors as fast as their wearied legs would take them. The trembling in the ruin grew ever stronger with each stride, and they were knocked down as one of the halls collapsed ahead of them.Suddenly, as she pursued her comrades out of the crumbling Vale, something hard struck Rhaine in the head, and her vision went utterly black. She felt her body fall, could feel several rough hands take hold of her – lifting and carrying her. She could hear her companions yelling in anger and fear…“Rhaine!”“Let go of her!”“They’re taking her away! After them!”Another roar rumbled in her ears as a second hall collapsed, her companions’ voices fainter now.“No… NO!”“We’re not going to make it, are we?”“Know that our path has come to an end.”There was a final deafening crash, and the Knight-Captain completely lost consciousness.------------------------------------------------------Sir Nevalle’s eyes had been fixed to the south for hours. He stood atop the battlements of Crossroad Keep with Lord Nasher, gaze locked on the Mere, far in the distance. And then, he saw it at last. The shadows began to retreat… dissolve, actually, into the very atmosphere, as if they had never been.“They… they did it!” he exclaimed, grabbing Nasher by the arm and pointing. “My lord, look!”“I see, Nevalle. We shall have to congratulate them when… wait. What is that?”They continued to watch, enraptured, as it seemed that the eastern side of the Mere of Dead Men collapsed into the ground around it, a gigantic plume of dust creating an ever-growing brown cloud over the swamp.“Did it… did it just cave in on itself?” Nasher inquired, his eyes widening.There was a distant clap of thunder, and a drizzle began to fall upon the keep.“I… I think it did, my lord.”They waited a few moments with bated breath, the drizzle steadily becoming harder, until the rain made it difficult to see. There was no movement in the distance beyond that grey veil – nothing but a strange stillness.“Nevalle, do you believe they could have…?” he trailed, unsure if he should even finish his sentence.The knight shook his head, silent tears mixing with the rain.“No, milord.”

The pain… gods, the pain. There was no way she could be dead and hurt this much.Raw agony surged like fire through her veins – even her very bones – with each pulse of her heart. It felt as if something were sitting on top of her, pressing her face down into a slab of solid stone so hard she thought they would become one at any moment. Her right cheek lay on its cold, damp surface, the bone grinding into the rock. Judging from the lingering sting there, the skin of her face had been cut, bruised, or both. The smell of damp earth and mold tickled her nostrils, and the steady, echoing trickle of water surrounded her… was she still underground?Finally, with great difficulty, Rhaine opened her eyes. She was no longer in the Vale of Merdelain, that was for certain. The Doomguide lifted her head with a tremendous effort and sluggishly looked around, squinting in the darkness. She was in what appeared to be a circular cavern, on a dais surrounded by small waterfalls. The walls were inscribed with glowing and glittering red-violet runes depicting primitive men and wild animals.Where was she?Rhaine tried to remember what had happened to her – her companions and the King of Shadows. But for some reason, she could not. It was like trying to penetrate an iron wall… as if the memories were not even extant, much less accessible to her mind. Suddenly, she was overwhelmed by her pain again, and she slumped back down to the rock with a groan.Then, slowly turning her face to her left, the Doomguide gasped aloud, her heart leaping into her throat at the sudden fright that briefly overtook her. There, laying just adjacent to her, its jaw unhinged as if in a silent scream, was a humanoid skeleton… so old that its bones were beginning to crumble to dust upon the stone. Death had surrounded her for so much of her life in its various forms that she no longer feared it, but there was something about this sight right next to her that shook her to the core.Her armor, she saw at last, was scattered all around her as if someone had unceremoniously dumped it there, along with Touch of Death, tantalizingly out of reach. But the Sword of Gith was gone entirely, as well as her cloak and her pack. A shiver wracked her battered body, and she realized she was wearing only her underclothes. A moment of panic arrested her. If someone wanted to kill her, now was the ideal time to do it – she was prone and completely defenseless.Unable to remain silent, she groaned again as her entire chest cavity was consumed with a persistent, throbbing ache all the way to the bone. Sliding a hand beneath her sternum to feel what was wrong, she gasped again as her fingers felt stickiness there, in addition to the taut strings of stitches. Tentatively, she slowly pulled the hand away and brought it to her face where she could see. It was covered with dark blood, still somewhat fresh, and her eyes widened as she began to understand just what had happened to her…Someone had taken the shard from her chest. Carved it out of her and left her in this place.Struggling to gather her power, she tried to whisper a healing spell, but the pain was so great she could not focus. Her mind was fogged, and the harder she tried, the dizzier she became. It was then the Knight-Captain was filled with despair – if she could not heal herself, she would eventually die of blood loss. Despite the fact that the wound was clotting, it was still open and slowly bleeding onto the rock beneath her; the efforts to stitch it together must have been hurried and shoddy at best.And then her fear twisted into something… sinister. She felt strangely empty, like a part of herself was missing and something awful and dark had replaced it – a void-like presence that had been starved for centuries. It was as if some sort of monster had been chained within her somehow, and it was angry; it felt ancient… primal.It was hungry. And she was terrified at its presence, writhing slowly within her like an awakening beast. She knew her self and her power, and this was not naturally part of either…Suddenly, she heard a voice – feminine in tone – reciting a dispelling incantation, bringing her focus to the world around her again with a rush of adrenaline that made her heart hurt worse. All at once, the force that bound her to the rock face was lifted, and she briefly felt lighter than air in its absence… but she still did not have the strength to move her limbs. Her skin then flinched like a horse’s hide as she felt a cool, bare hand upon her back, and the voice said gently, “I’m here. Lie still.”Two hands then slowly and carefully turned her over, and she could see the speaker clearly now in the light of the runes. A woman, yes… bald, and upon her scalp had been inked a very large, elaborate tattoo in shimmering black ink. Her hazel eyes were almond-shaped, her heart-shaped face punctuated with a small nose and painted ruby lips. An expression of both curiosity and concern was writ upon her delicate features as she looked down at Rhaine. She wore long, elaborate scarlet robes, embroidered in gold, with a satchel hanging at her side.The Doomguide attempted to speak, but her throat was painfully parched, and she barely managed to croak out, “Who are you?”The woman had removed some bandages from her satchel, and she immediately set about cleaning Rhaine’s wound, applying a thick healing ointment, and wrapping her torso in gauze. “My name is Safiya. And you are Rhaine Alcinea, are you not?”The Doomguide nodded, something around her neck jangling with the movement – her holy symbol. Safiya reached for it, as if to straighten where it currently lay against Rhaine’s throat, and then cocked her head curiously. “A Kelemvorite? Not many of those around here.”Rhaine watched Safiya for a long while as she continued to bandage her wound, wondering why this complete stranger was helping her. How did she know her name? And how did she know she needed help, enough to arrive in the nick of time? She continued to stare at the fabric of Safiya’s red robes, as if they would jog her memory somehow, but her brain was unnaturally sluggish. Even the simplest of thoughts took an incredible amount of concentration.But then, all of a sudden, it clicked.“You,” the priestess swallowed hard, her tongue dry and slightly swollen in her mouth. “Your robes and your tattoo… they mark you as a Red Wizard of Thay.”Thayan enclaves were not uncommon outside of their nation of origin, but they were rare enough that Rhaine was surprised at Safiya’s presence here. If “here” was where she thought she was.Where she hoped she was. Because if she was somehow in Thay, of all places…The wizardess paused, glancing up and meeting her eyes as if in surprise at the Doomguide’s revelation. “I am that and more. But I’m not a threat. Not to you, at least. Please, disregard whatever rumors you have heard regarding the Red Wizards. I am here to assist you, and I will do just that.” Safiya then shook her head, her brow furrowing deeply in frustration as she had to adjust the angle of the bandage to cover more of the wound. “Whoever did this was hopeless… I’ve seen better work on golems.”When the Red Wizard finally finished with her, she took Rhaine firmly under the arms, slowly pulling the Doomguide to her feet. “There. The binding spell is wearing off. Your arms and legs will be stiff, but you’ll be able to walk.”Rhaine rubbed her limbs, wincing at the pain that followed, and Safiya gestured to the pile of metal around her. “I’m assuming all of this belongs to you? Do you need some assistance arming yourself?”The Doomguide nodded. “I would appreciate that, yes.”After helping Rhaine into her clothes and arming vest, the wizardess wordlessly began picking up armor pieces and strapping them to the Doomguide with a sort of precision that seemed slightly strange for someone of her vocation. After a few moments, the priestess’s head seemed to clear a bit more, and she asked with a note of worry in her voice. “So… where exactly am I?”“You’re in a barrow deep beneath the soil of Rashemen,” Safiya replied matter-of-factly, securing a buckle on one of Rhaine’s spaulders. “The locals say powerful spirits dwell here… hostile to those trying to enter, and those trying to leave.”The Doomguide reeled as though struck, her jaw dropping. Rashemen? How in the Nine Hells had she gotten to Rashemen? That was all the way on the other side of the world – thousands of leagues to the east of the Sword Coast. It was a journey that would normally take months on foot or horseback.It wasn’t Thay, no, but it was close enough. And it more than explained the Red Wizard’s presence there, even if Rashemen was a rival nation.She swallowed thickly. “Who did this? Who took the shard?”“Shard? I was told to find you, and that you would be injured, but nothing about a shard,” Safiya replied, her brow furrowing again as she fastened Rhaine’s cuirass together. “And I’m sorry, but I don’t understand. If someone trapped you here, cut you open, then surely you would know…”She trailed as she read the Doomguide’s expression. “But you don’t know, do you? I can understand your frustration – it must be very disorienting. I don’t know how you got here or why you were cut open like this, but I’ll take you to someone who might. I’ll take you to her and make sure she gives us both some answers. But that’s after we get out. For the moment, haste is all that matters. We must leave before the spirits awaken.”Biting back the lingering pain that arose from the movement, Rhaine strapped Touch of Death to her side and lashed her helm next to it, frowning as she felt oddly naked without the Sword of Gith opposite them. She needed to find out where it went, why someone would cut the shard from her chest, and why she had been deposited in Rashemen of all places. For now, though, she would simply have to trust in Safiya, her sole savior, who seemed quite insistent that they focus on leaving this barrow as soon as possible. The wizard appeared to be honest enough, even if her arrival was rather… convenient; Red Wizards were nothing if not cunning. She would have to ask her about this whole situation when they had more time.At last, the Doomguide finally nodded, trying to ignore the persistent throbbing of her chest where the ointment was still at work. “All right. Lead the way.”As they moved to leave the dais, however, something immediately arrested her attention. She noticed that the rock face upon which she had been bound was surrounded by small pillars, runed just like the walls. One of these seemed to pull at her, and she stepped closer, squinting at it.“Those were part of the binding spell that held you,” Safiya commented. “But I’ve dispelled their power.”Not knowing what compelled her to do so, Rhaine reached a hand towards the column, her fingers lightly brushing the yet-glowing runes. The presence within her stirred in response – seethed beneath her flesh. Her vision swam dizzyingly, and she was overwhelmed by a series of visions, flashing so quickly before her eyes that she could barely make them out. She saw a golden-skinned woman, smiling at her with eyes full of love. She saw a small boy running behind her, laughing in her wake. And she saw a wall… a living, screaming wall that seemed so familiar…“Rhaine!”Safiya’s voice broke her out of her trance. The Red Wizard looked at her with concern in her gaze. “Are you all right?”“I… think so,” the Doomguide replied, her mind running through the scenes again. “I saw… a woman, and a boy, and a wall of screaming souls…”“They’re dreams,” Safiya observed, her face clouded with thought, “or memories. Maybe from within, maybe from without. The Rashemi say that these runes can trap dreams… or set them loose. But come, we must not linger anymore. We’ve been here too long as it is.”As Safiya turned away, then, Rhaine noticed a dark creature that looked a bit like a bat hovering over the wizardess’s shoulder. It tapped her on the arm to get her attention and spoke with a high-pitched, raspy voice, “Mistress, I heard something moving in the caverns ahead… do you think it is Ipsit and Sefi?”“No, it couldn’t be,” Safiya answered quietly. “I sent them ahead to seek out Lienna shortly after we left mother’s chambers… they couldn’t be back from the city so soon.”“Your friend has excellent senses. I heard nothing,” Rhaine remarked.Safiya’s brow furrowed. “Neither did I. The barrow was empty when I entered and made my way to you. By the way… Rhaine, meet Kaji. Kaji, meet Rhaine.”“Is he your familiar?” the Doomguide inquired. “He seems very intelligent.”At that, Safiya smiled proudly. “Yes, he is. Kaji is a homunculus, a creature formed of twigs and clay. I gave him life… even taught him to speak. His diction is a little off, if a bit endearing. He has been, perhaps, a more faithful comrade than most humans. When you create your friends from nothing, you know you can trust them.”Rhaine’s brow rose. “Your skills are impressive.”The wizardess’s blush was visible even in the darkness of the cave. “Well, thank you. I’d love to talk more about my creations, but we really do need to keep moving.”With that, they continued into the tunnels ahead, the dirt crunching softly with every step. The passageways were like the corridors of Merdelain – narrow with low ceilings. For the longest time, the place seemed unnaturally quiet and still, like a graveyard at dawn… until the ground trembled beneath their feet, and loud noises could be heard echoing in the far caverns ahead.“So much for going unnoticed,” Safiya hissed. “The earth spirits wake! Ready yourself for combat. I hope that blade of yours is enchanted. Ordinary weapons will do little to harm them.”Rhaine drew Touch of Death, the sword unusually heavy in her hand. She wasn’t precisely in any condition to fight in melee, and she feared doing so would worsen her wound despite the ointment the Red Wizard had applied. “It is, trust me.”They continued on, moving upwards at a rapid pace before entering another chamber. This one was larger than the previous, the cave floor littered with bones of countless animals that had died there. At the center of this room stood a large glowing figure – what appeared to be the spirit of a dire wolf, flanked by two lesser wolf spirits. The coat of the larger of the spirits was strangely colorful in appearance, marked with shimmering runes of blue, violet, and pink. The beast growled threateningly at their approach, golden eyes flashing, and Rhaine paused, uncertain of how to proceed. She had heard of spirits like this, but she had never before seen them, as they only seemed prevalent in Rashemen itself.“There you are, Red Wizard,” the leader wolf spoke, voice feminine in sound. “We caught your scent on the empty air and it shook us from our sleep. But you were alone when you went below.”“Who are you? What is your name, spirit?” The Doomguide asked, curious as to how this ghost of an animal could speak to them in such a manner.“My name,” the wolf hesitated, as if thinking. “It was Nakata. Memories flow together in this place, and it is difficult to tell which are your own. My howls led an army of beasts across the groaning ice of Lake Tirulag. There, I died – struck down by a devourer of souls… a monster who wore the skin of a man.“Now tell me your name, mortal. Or we’ll tear out your throat and pry it from your ghost. Die in these caverns and you’ll find no easy road to your realm of the dead.”“I am Rhaine Alcinea,” the Doomguide replied carefully, wondering at the spirit’s threat. “I did not mean to trespass here. I was trapped in the chamber beneath us against my will, and I have no knowledge of how I got there.”“Something was trapped in the Cavern of Runes,” Nakata growled. “A poison at the heart of our dreams, swallowing memories and names. Anything that emerges from there cannot be allowed to walk free. Those were the words of our god, before he sank into slumber.”“What god? May I petition him regarding this matter?” Rhaine inquired, wondering just which god was the lord of animal spirits in Rashemen…“The bear god who dwells in the chambers above… but you will never reach him,” the wolf answered shortly.The Doomguide held up her free hand. “I assure you, I don’t mean you, or any spirit in this barrow, harm.”But Nakata suddenly growled again, louder, eyeing her with a suspicious gaze as she crouched closer to the floor. “Hnnnh… what is that scent? Blood… a wound that should have been mortal but was not. No, something deeper… vile and… familiar. Why do I remember…?”At once, Rhaine doubled over in a surge of pain… the presence within her twisting and writhing more violently now, as if driving towards the surface of her skin with relentless force. The pain intensified until she was groaning uncontrollably in sheer agony, clutching at her torso. Her vision went scarlet around the edges; she could see Safiya seize her by the shoulders and call her name, but she could neither feel the wizardess’s touch nor hear her voice. The groan rose to an animalistic scream – Rhaine felt as if her flesh would rip from her body in shreds of bloody meat, the hunger exploding from inside of her.Safiya jumped backwards as there was an abrupt flash of light, brilliantly white. It lashed from Rhaine’s body at the wolf spirit, wrapping around the beast in scarlet tendrils and consuming it utterly in a vibrant burst of energy. The accompanying spirits whimpered as they immediately turned tail and ran deeper into the caverns, scrambling to escape as fast as possible.And then, it was over as quickly as it had begun. Rhaine’s hearing came rushing back into her ears and her vision returned to normal, as if nothing at all had happened. She straightened slowly, panting as if in exertion, exchanging looks of concern with Safiya. Her eyes were wide as she felt her limbs trembling uncontrollably… more from the rush of power or the fear that had overtaken her, she didn’t know.What in the Hells…“That wasn’t a spell,” the wizardess murmured, a note of awe to her voice as she stared at Rhaine, “or a divine invocation. How did you do that?”“I don’t know,” the Doomguide replied, breath shaky as she tremors continued to wrack her. “It was like hunger… something that welled up inside of me. I couldn’t stop it, it just… happened, and I…”“Your wounds,” Safiya drew nearer, looking over her face. “They’re healed. Whatever you did, you destroyed that spirit, too.”Rhaine glanced to where Nakata had stood just moments before, a beautiful and yet fearsome spirit animal that had been extinguished like a light in the space of a second. She felt her strength had returned, and her pain had vanished entirely. Her mind had also cleared, the fog lifted from it. She felt completely rejuvenated, and the alien hunger was now absent.But that did nothing to ease her anxiety.What had she done and how had she done it? Without bidding herself to do so? She did not recall being able to attack like this before…“Nevermind,” Safiya said finally, interrupting her thoughts. “We need to keep moving and leave this place. Let’s go.”------------------------------------------------------They continued on through the caverns, the spirits of the barrow now openly hostile to them. They fell quickly to Rhaine’s sword and Safiya’s enchanted staff, but with every one that neared them, the presence stirred again… not much, but enough to nauseate the Doomguide with its restless movement. After what seemed like hours of navigating through the earthen barrow, roots at last became visible, hanging loosely from the ceiling of the cavern.They were actually making rather good time, though, when Safiya abruptly halted mid-stride, putting her fingers to her temples and wincing. “Stop… no, leave me alone! Not here and not now!”Rhaine’s brow furrowed and she approached the Red Wizard cautiously. “Are you all right?”Safiya shook her head fiercely. “I… yes, I’m fine, thank you. Look, the tunnel is angling upwards – we’re nearing the entrance,” she added, pointing ahead of them. “I passed a large pile of runed bones atop a burial mound in the first chamber. Just like that wolf said, the Rashemi believe that a god dwells here – an angry bear god who rules this barrow. Their tales are imaginative, but always true in part. Be on your guard.”The Doomguide could tell that Safiya was not fine, but she kept her silence on the matter, knowing she would not appreciate prying if she were in her shoes. Still, as Rhaine followed the Red Wizard, she watched her intently. Perhaps she would ask her about it again when the situation wasn’t quite so urgent, along with several other things that made little sense to her as of now…The floor continued to incline as they made their way through more winding corridors, until at last they reached what looked to be an entrance chamber, supported by wooden pillars carved masterfully into ursine likenesses. Lying on its belly just in front of an elevated bear skeleton was a spirit much like Nakata in appearance. This time, however, it was a glowing male bear, long and flowing fur of red and orange fading to white along his back and head. His eyes, too, shone golden in the darkness.The bear stood as he saw the two women approach what was obviously his burial mound. His eyes flashed, and he bared his long, ivory fangs. “What stirs the air and smells so foul? Go back, and die in the silence and the dark. I am tired and ill of temper.”Rhaine raised an eyebrow. “And who are you to demand such?”“I am Okku, King of Bears,” he rumbled lowly. “In life, I ruled the land above… beasts, fish, and fowl. In death, I guard this barrow – I sleep, and I dream of the moon, wind, and sky. And you, devourer of Nakata, I know what you are. I smell the hunger that awakes within you.”Rhaine’s insides twisted in response as he said this. It was then that Safiya sidestepped in front of her, almost protectively. “I don’t care what you smell. You will not have her.”“What do you care, Thayan?” Okku growled. “I know your kind… you love yourselves above all else.”“You don’t know me,” the Red Wizard retorted sharply, “but I know your kind. I know that your present state, for all its… color… is but a shadow of your true self. And I’ve shaped and bound far greater things than you.”“And I smell a wild storm in you, Thayan,” Okku replied darkly. “Does your ally know what secrets you hide? Grief and confusion beyond measure… and something more…”But then, suddenly, he shook his head and reared back on his hind legs. “Enough words. By the oath I swore, neither of you will leave my den!”The battle that ensued was a terrible one. Okku called several other bear spirits to his side during the fight, all of them towering over the two women. Rhaine was forced to stay on the defensive, casting spells more often than fighting in melee, despite her renewed strength. The spirits’ teeth and claws, however ethereal, tore at her armor, but to no avail… she thanked the gods it was not simple steel anymore. Safiya had enveloped herself in illusionary enchantments, making her own form harder to strike.Finally, between the varied arcane and divine spells of the pair, the spirits dissipated, but the bear’s bones still glowed with a pale blue light, even after his dispersal. A faint hum lingered in the air, as if something were recharging…“I think we drove him off,” Safiya panted. “Come on, let’s get out of here while we still can!”And so, Rhaine wordlessly followed the wizardess at a jog… out of the darkness of the barrow and into the strange and wild land of Rashemen.

They had been walking southwards from the barrow for some time. Thankfully, the spirits did not see fit to follow them, and so it was a relatively peaceful journey, allowing Rhaine some time to recover mentally as well as physically. She found her eyes tracing her environs as they went, studying her new surroundings. The land was hilly, dotted with sparse trees here and there, but mostly covered by golden grassland. The day was clear and bright, thankfully, not too warm and not too cold, and in a few hours it would be dusk. The only other sounds besides that of their boots crunching along the dirt road were the constant hum of insects and the occasional chirp of a bird.Safiya said nothing at all for the most part, except for exchanging a few soft words with Kaji now and again. It was just as well for Rhaine; she was entirely immersed in her own thoughts, dark as they were. It disturbed her greatly that she could not remember what had happened before she found herself in the barrow. She could see the faces of her friends and companions in her mind’s eye, but any time she tried to focus upon them, they slipped from her grasp like water through her fingers. But even more disturbing was this newfound power she seemed to have, coupled with a dark presence – a lingering, almost ravening sensation that lurked in both her mind and body, having yet to recede entirely. It worried her that she seemingly could not control it; that it seemed to act of its own accord, and that it had simply decided to devour that wolf spirit without her bidding it to, controlling her like a puppet.Had she somehow been possessed? Gods forbid it…And on top of it all was the pervading feeling of emptiness in her soul. The Doomguide no longer felt the warmth of divine energy there – that font of power she always tapped into to cast her spells, almost without thinking. True, she could still cast them, thus far, without complications. But for some odd reason, she could no longer feel their actual source. Even more disconcerting was the distinct lifelessness of her holy symbol. Under normal circumstances, it would pulse slightly with warmth when held, as if to acknowledge her touch. Now, it remained a cold and unresponsive piece of jewelry.After a while, Safiya hung back a little to walk beside her, gesturing to the city walls that were coming into view ahead of them. “Before us stand the gates of Mulsantir.” After a moment, then, she stopped and placed a hand on Rhaine’s shoulder in a comforting manner. “You’ve been eviscerated, paralyzed, assaulted by spirits, and subjected to countless leagues of walking. How are you feeling?”Rhaine shook her head, her gaze flicking over Safiya’s shoulder. “Strangely, despite the rude awakening and raging bear spirits, I’m well. And that worries me. I think it’s linked to this strange new… power… I seem to have acquired.”The Red Wizard’s brow furrowed. “Hmm. That is rather odd. In any case, I’ve brought you here to speak with Lienna. Hopefully, she’ll know what happened to you in the barrow and why.”“Who is this Lienna I keep hearing about?”At that, Safiya shrugged. “I honestly don’t know. I’ve never met her or even heard of her until I was tasked to bring you to her. My mother instructed me to take you to her, and she said little else.”“So, what does your mother have to do with all this?” the Doomguide asked, cocking her head.Safiya sighed heavily. “My mother, Nefris, is the Headmistress of the Academy of Shapers and Binders in Thay. How she knew about you and your situation, she didn’t say – she is always very busy, with little time for explanations. Really, I’m just as much in the dark about all this as you are… which is why I’m going to have my fair share of questions for Lienna as well. Speaking of which, I sent a pair of servants ahead to find her, and they have yet to return.”Rhaine looked around again, a gentle breeze ruffling her hair. “And what can you tell me about this country? Rashemen, I mean. I’ll admit, I know little about it other than what I’ve read in books, and that’s likely not enough to actually survive here, by any means.”“Rashemen is a cold and unforgiving land that has forged a… well, amusingly enough… a cold and unforgiving people,” the wizardess replied with a smirk. “I’ve never been here before, to be honest. What little I know stems from rumors about the barbarians of this nation and the masked Witches who rule them. But they have no love for my kind, that I am sure of, and in Thay, the feeling is mutual.” She glanced over her shoulder at the road. “While we’re here, it is best I don’t show off my red robes. Give me a few moments to change my attire?”Rhaine dipped her head. “Certainly.”She then turned away from Safiya as the Red Wizard ducked behind a tree to give her all the privacy she needed. After a few moments, though, the Doomguide called back, “So, there seemed to be a time in the barrow when you heard voices, or something similar. If I may ask, did you really, or was it something else?”Safiya paused her rustling behind her. “I… yes, I did. I just think I need to avoid spirit-infested barrows from now on. You should know as well as anyone that the chatter of the dead isn’t meant for mortal ears.”Unconvinced, Rhaine felt her brow furrow. “Are you sure there’s nothing more to it than that?”“Nothing more to it? Just some spirits having fun at the expense of the living, Rhaine. No need to interrogate me on the matter.”Noting Safiya’s clipped tone, the Doomguide relented. “All right. You have my apologies. I was merely concerned that some force may yet linger to haunt you. I would hate for the barrow to have affected you a seriously as it apparently has affected me.”“Then I thank you for your concern, but I assure you it is unnecessary.”A few seconds later, Safiya finally reappeared at Rhaine’s side, now garbed in a dark green robe with its hood pulled up to hide the tattoo on her head. “There. Kaji, where are…? Oh, there you are.”While his mistress had been changing her robes, the little homunculus had flown over to a nearby bush to play with a butterfly and was just returning to them. Out in the daylight, the Doomguide could see that he had a little head, body, arms and legs, hands and feet. But his most prominent features were two bat-like wings. A pair of beady black eyes was also deeply set into his round face. He was almost cute.Rhaine smiled at him as he neared again. “Kaji.”“What?” His voice was high and slightly raspy. He cocked his little head at her inquisitively as she spoke his name.“Well,” she glanced between him and Safiya, “what do you do?”He hesitated. “I… I can do lots of things! Let’s see, um… I can spring locks! That’s useful, right?”The Doomguide grinned, stifling a chuckle. “Sure, that’s useful.”Safiya beamed, smiling warmly at her crafted familiar. “He’s a little rough around the edges, but I think he’s rather useful to have around, too.”Kaji did a little backflip mid-air. “Really? Great! If you ever need my help, just ask!”Still rather amused by the chatty little thing, Rhaine continued, “And what’s your opinion about all this? The barrow? Rashemen?”He bobbed up and down. “That barrow really creeped me out. But at least we’re out of the Acad-mee, where me and Mistress live. The golems there don’t like me, since I keep stealing stuff they’re s’posed to guard.”At that Rhaine put her hands on her hips in an exaggerated manner, glancing to Safiya again, who had her lips pressed together to keep from laughing aloud. “Didn’t anyone tell you that stealing is wrong?”The homunculus crossed his tiny arms. “I don’t steal anything important. I mean, if it were important, it would have two locks on it.”Both Doomguide and Red Wizard finally burst out laughing, unable to hold it in any longer. Thankfully, Kaji himself was completely oblivious to the reason why and merely shrugged as the two women struggled to recover. Rhaine in particular felt better than she had since before her appearance in this faraway land, and she was thankful for the precious humor such a creature could innocently provide – it almost made her forget her growing troubles. Indeed, Kaji was rather endearing, just as Safiya had described. His speech pattern was adorable, and she found herself eager to test his skills.“You speak rather well, Kaji,” she managed at last, dipping her head respectfully to the little homunculus. “Can you say something for me?”“Sure! Mistress teaches me new words all the time! Like, hum-uncle-eye!”Rhaine thought for a moment. “‘Chocolate’?”“Choc-o-lot!”“All right, how about ‘eldritch’?”“El-der-itch!”“And ‘explosion’?”“Ex-pull-ocean!”She grinned widely. “Try ‘thaumaturgy’.”At this, Kaji finally hesitated. “Tom-err, tom-terr…” His voice faded as he couldn’t form the syllables properly, and he began muttering to himself.Safiya whispered behind her hand, “He’ll ponder that word all day unless I stop him.” Then, raising her voice to an authoritative tone, she added, “Kaji, we’ll do words later. Let’s go.”“Thimergy… thimble… yes, Mistress.”------------------------------------------------------With that, Safiya continued walking down the road towards Mulsantir’s massive gates. Rhaine saw that the fortifications were rather impressive, even if a bit crude. From what she had read, Rashemen was constantly at odds with its southern neighbor, Thay, making adequate defenses a requirement. But despite the fact that Rashemen was smaller and less populated than its rival, it had never yet fallen to the Red Wizards’ magic. Legend had it that the Wychlaran – the ruling masked witch-women – had power to rival the Thayan zulkirs... the Red Wizards’ mighty arcane leaders.Inside the gates, then, the city was a bustle of activity. Though Neverwinter had a similar drone of noise and crowded thoroughfares, it was nothing compared to the sight and sounds before her. Merchants hawked their wares in open stalls before a gigantic circular theatre house that served as the main attraction. Food was being cooked in the streets and handed out to passersby in exchange for coppers. Vendors pressed themselves amongst the throng, flashing exotic jewels and baubles in hopes of getting someone’s attention… and thus their coin. There were also many faces of various races and lands milling about the streets, and so perhaps she would not look too out of place herself. After all, the nation of Aglarond was also nearby, with the most concentration of half-elves out of all the countries in Faerûn, or so she’d heard.And through them all, unfazed by the close proximity of the crowd, the tall, fur-clad barbarians of the city walked with confident strides, their sharp eyes scanning frequently for pickpockets and thieves. There was no need for a formal city guard when the resident warriors enforced the law quite well themselves. No one would dare pick a fight with these six-foot-tall fighters; if the warriors did not beat their foolish challengers to death, then the unfortunate souls would surely suffer at the hands of the Wychlaran.“There,” Safiya finally pointed past the Doomguide’s shoulder to the theatre. “That’s what the locals call ‘The Veil.’ Lienna is the mistress of this theatre house. She should be inside.”Rhaine, eager for answers, nodded and strode ahead of the wizard, tentatively entering the massive theatre.------------------------------------------------------When Rhaine’s eyes adjusted to the dim lighting within, she could tell right away that something was terribly wrong. The actors and actresses huddled against the far wall, guarded by tall, furry, hyena-headed creatures armed with halberds; the Doomguide recognized them from texts as gnolls, though she had never seen them in person before now. On the floor in front of the stage lay the mutilated bodies of two homunculi like Kaji. On the stage itself stood another Red Wizard, whirling as he saw the pair enter the theatre house.“Safiya? The daughter of Nefris? Here?” he asked incredulously, evidently seeing right past Safiya’s disguise. “I should have known those homunculi were your handiwork.”“What did you do to Ipsit and Sefi?” Safiya demanded, hazel eyes flashing as she pushed forward.“Oh, the gnolls found them poking around the theatre. They toyed with them for a bit before dismembering them… your worthless creations are no more.”“Who are you and why are you here?” Rhaine asked, hand moving to the hilt of her sword. Something about his attitude and his aura was entirely off-putting, and it was evident the gnolls under his command were holding the actors hostage for him.“He’s one of the necromancy students,” Safiya supplied, distaste evident on her face. “This is probably all part of a ridiculous scheme to overthrow my mother.”Her fellow wizard smirked. “You know, as much as I would like, I really can’t let you two walk free from this place. You are just as likely to run to the Witches as keep your silence. And besides… Araman would be quite displeased if I let Nefris’s daughter escape our grasp a second time.”He snarled a few unintelligible words, and the gnolls pounced. Safiya engaged her fellow wizard in a powerful spellslinging battle whilst Rhaine took care of the vicious beasts. The six gnolls were formidable and highly intelligent, moving with the precision of trained soldiers. Their armor was well-crafted and each wielded pristine weapons. In an attempt to keep them at a fair distance, Rhaine cast a Blade Barrier across the aisle of the theatre, following up with a Hammer of the Gods to daze them. A few Flame Strikes later, the gnolls were a pile of smoking fur, and all that remained was the wizard.The necromancer, then, sensing he was losing this fight, summoned a Pit Fiend to keep Rhaine occupied again, commanding it against her. The Doomguide was impressed… she had heard of the arcane might of the Red Wizards, but she had never seen it personally before now. And what she had witnessed Safiya cast in the spirit barrow was apparently only a taste of what the wizardess could really do. She had surrounded herself with multiple layers of shielding spells, so much that she seemed encased in a solid, shimmering orb of light. She had also turned her skin to stone, much like Sand used to, and was now shouting various offensive incantations as quickly as her lips would allow. Unfortunately, her opponent had done the same, and neither was gaining any ground on the other, smoke, sparks, and flashes of errant magic filling the air.Rhaine did not waste her offensive energy on the summoned demon. Rather, she simply banished it with a word, summarily dismissing it to the lower planes in a burst of power. This act was enough to surprise the necromancer and take his attention away from Safiya again. He faltered for a split second, and that was all the two women needed. Both cast their own dispelling magics simultaneously, very suddenly stripping the wizard of most of his magical defenses. A quickened Lightning Bolt from Safiya was all that was required to end the miserable wretch’s life.After a few moments of deafening silence, one of the actresses – a dwarven woman – dashed up to Rhaine. “A more timely entrance I’ve never seen, milady, in all my years of theatre! But there are more of them, and they’re after Lienna!”The Doomguide nodded grimly. “Get yourselves to safety. I’ll take care of them.”“Wait! Lienna is no simple theatre matron. She has fled through a portal… to a reflection of The Veil – it will throw the wizards off, but not for long. Here, take this stone,” she pressed a small black object into Rhaine’s gloved palm, “It will allow you to open the portal as she can. Go to her bedroom at the back of the theatre, stand near the far corner, and the stone will bridge the gap between worlds. Or at least, that’s what she told me. Now go, quickly!”The dwarf then began ushering the other actors and actresses out of the theatre house while Rhaine and Safiya headed backstage to pursue Lienna. They had barely passed the doorway, however, when Safiya suddenly halted mid-stride, clutching at her head again.“I… no! I told them not now!”Rhaine whirled around. “Safiya? Are you all right? What’s going on?”“My ears… they’re ringing and there’s this… burning… no! Stop! Don’t-”The Doomguide backed up a step, brow furrowed. “Don’t what?”Safiya glanced up and slowly removed her hands from her head. “I… I thought you were going to try and help me. It’s… it’s over now. Let’s just go.”Rhaine paused a moment, but then nodded. “Very well. If you don’t wish to talk about it, I understand.”At that, Safiya sighed heavily. “Look, I’ve heard voices all my life… all of them very faint and similar to my own. Most of it is just snippets of faded conversation, but occasionally, I do hear words. However, this is only the second time they’ve brought pain. The first was in the barrow. At the time, I thought it was just the malevolent spirits. Now?” She shrugged, shaking her head. “I’m not so sure. But come, we still need to find Lienna… if there are more Red Wizards around here, she is in grave danger.”They continued on, then, searching the back rooms of the theatre. It did not take them long to find the bedroom the dwarven woman had mentioned. And, just as she had suggested, when Rhaine approached the far corner of it, an oval-shaped portal materialized from thin air, familiar black swirls of smoke spilling from it.“My, look at this,” Safiya remarked, seemingly awed.Rhaine’s brow furrowed deeply. “It’s a portal to the Plane of Shadow. I’ve had enough encounters with shadows for several lifetimes.”“You’re right,” the wizardess replied with a hint of surprise in her voice. “You have an eye for the arcane. Have you been to the Plane of Shadow?”Rhaine shook her head. “No. I’ve merely dealt with its denizens on the Prime.”“Right,” Safiya nodded. “It should lead to a mirrored reality, then, similar to our own. If we keep our wits about us, it shouldn’t present too many problems for us.”Rhaine lifted a hand, tentatively reaching through the black portal’s surface. It shimmered like the surface of still water as her fingers disappeared beyond. Wiggling them cautiously and still feeling them intact on the other side, the Doomguide then took a deep breath and walked forward into the darkness.------------------------------------------------------When the two emerged again, they found themselves in a copy of Lienna’s bedroom, only this time it was furnished as a library. The whole world around them was completely devoid of color – just black, white, and shades of grey, with black predominating over everything else. They cautiously made their way forward, entering the backstage area of The Veil’s dark shadow-twin. There, in the middle of the room, was a crude operating table, shackles at its ends to hold hands and feet fast. Blood stained the floor in large swaths, the various tools upon the table’s surface also encrusted with it.The presence within Rhaine twisted, seemingly where the shard once lay…The Doomguide found herself drawn to the table like a lodestone, and she carefully brushed a hand across its surface. Her vision suddenly flashed into another time as memories erupted to the surface of her mind… memories that she hadn’t even known existed until now.She had lain on that table. She could feel her wrists and ankles being strapped down, so tight that they burned… bled as she struggled vainly against them. She could make out several dark shapes, and as she focused, she saw two women standing over her. They were almost identical in appearance, only one wore red robes and the other wore white. There were more dark shapes behind the two, bestial in form, but Rhaine could not see them clearly……the women ran cold fingers down her sternum, began cutting open her chest with a silver knife, and all she could do was watch and scream… the twisting sensation began to sear her with an unbearable intensity… the women’s arms were covered to the elbows in her blood. And when they finally removed their hands, the red woman’s held a glittering shard. Her eyes met Rhaine’s and she whispered, “For love,” before the white woman set about stitching the wound……and then, the bestial forms came forth, lifting her and carrying her through the darkness and into a chamber lit by glowing runes, where a foul presence lay in wait…“Rhaine!”She was once again snapped into the present by Safiya’s voice. The Doomguide stared at her companion with wide eyes and abruptly gasped for breath, realizing she had been holding it the entire time.“Are you all right?” the wizardess asked, her own stare unblinking as she met Rhaine’s gaze.“I… I think so,” Rhaine murmured, swallowing hard as she glanced back at the stained table. “I saw myself here… saw people cutting the shard out of me…”“They’re memories,” Safiya answered quietly, the gears obviously turning behind her eyes even in this dull plane of existence. “Not surprising. Places like the Shadow Plane cause them to come to the surface if they’ve been repressed.”Rhaine nodded, pressing her lips together and silently continuing on towards the door to the stage, wanting nothing more than to leave that particular room far behind her. Besides, they had to find Lienna and quickly… that was more important than anything else at the moment.She could speculate on who had brought her here to be mutilated, and why they had done it, later.------------------------------------------------------To Rhaine’s great displeasure, another Red Wizard stood in the shadow audience pit, leaning over what appeared to be the remnants of a charred humanoid skeleton. He looked up, though, when he heard the two women’s footsteps across the wooden stage.“Safiya? What are you doing here?”“I thought I smelled incompetence,” the wizardess remarked dryly.“You two know each other, I assume?” Rhaine inquired, looking askance at Safiya.She gestured to the Red Wizard. “This is Khai Khmun, one of the most worthless piles of sputum ever to wear the red robes of Thay.”“A rival of yours from the Academy?” the Doomguide asked, glancing between them.“Khai is a sniveling sycophant,” Safiya snorted with an eye roll before glaring darkly at Khai. “My only rivals are mages of worth. He also happens to be a junior instructor at my Academy… I can only wonder why he’s strayed so far from his mentor’s leash.”“All that’s changing,” Khai replied, crossing his arms with a sly grin that made Rhaine’s skin crawl. “Araman sent me here to deal with Lienna, but she destroyed herself in a blaze of fire… must’ve known she couldn’t best me. With her dead, I’ve earned a promotion.”“Just who is this Araman I keep hearing about, and why did he want Lienna dead?” Rhaine hefted Touch of Death in her hand. It seemed this apparent rivalry between Red Wizards had somehow caught this theatre matron in the middle and was thus going to prevent her from finding the answers she sought.“He’s the new Headmaster of the Academy of Shapers and Binders now that the former headmistress has… retired,” Khai smirked. But then, his eyes suddenly grew as wide as saucers and he jumped backwards, as if he had just seen her there. “Wait. You! Araman warned me of you! Safiya, why would you travel with this… thing?”The Doomguide’s brow rose, and she shared glances with Safiya. “Actually, my name is Rhaine.”“I want no trouble from you… stand aside!” Khai began backing away, evidently more than a little frightened of her. “My quarrel is with Safiya. I doubt she’ll put up as much of a fight as Lienna… or her mother.”“My… mother?” Safiya’s mouth dropped open at that, her eyes wide in disbelief. “Khai Khmun, you’d best be mocking me! If you so much as raised a hand against my mother, I will extract a thousand screams from your wretched hide!”“Oh, she never saw it coming,” Khai taunted. “She used every last cantrip she knew… but her loyal allies – her daughter, even – never arrived to save her.”“And to think that you once claimed to have cared for me!” Safiya snapped through gritted teeth, electricity sparking from her staff.But Khai only grinned wickedly. “Lienna was wise to destroy herself, rather than face me. I doubt you have the sense to make your deaths less painful and do the same. No matter, let’s finish this!”The wizard proved to be as difficult an opponent as his companion back on the Prime, and he had backup lurking in the shadows. But with Rhaine’s assistance, Safiya quickly finished the two casters. Rhaine’s armor had been scorched from the spells slung her way, and Safiya had suffered a few slashes from Khai’s summoned sword, but they both managed to walk away relatively unharmed. Rhaine whispered a few small healing spells to patch up Safiya’s wounds before seeing to herself, just in case one of Khai’s spells had managed do damage beyond surface level that she hadn’t yet detected.Afterwards, she knelt over both Lienna’s and the wizards’ remains, reciting the Passing with the intention of doing the same for their comrade back on the Prime when they returned. Foes or not, they still needed it; the energies of the Shadow Plane in particular made the risk of them turning to undead significantly great.Safiya then looked down at Khai’s corpse, pushing it with her toe. “I always thought his ambition would get him killed. Though, I never thought it would be at my hands. Still, I don’t think he’ll be missed.”Rhaine rose and placed a comforting hand on the wizardess’s shoulder. “Khai mentioned what happened to your mother. I am sorry for your loss.”Safiya sighed heavily, closing her eyes. “I had hoped Khai was just bluffing, but… now I don’t think he was. I thank you for your condolences. Unfortunately, while my mother was respected, she was not loved by many.”“If you wish to return home, I’ll understand,” the Doomguide added softly.The Red Wizard shook her head, taking a slightly unsteady breath. “Whatever happened there is likely already long over. If I returned, I’d be killed on sight. Besides, my mother’s last orders were to look after you, and I’d like to honor them as long as I can… if you’ll have me, that is.”Rhaine smiled warmly, dipping her head. “Of course. And I should be thanking your for your help. I wouldn’t have fared well without you. Here or at the barrow.”Safiya returned her smile. “You’re not so bad yourself. And thank you for standing by me. It is appreciated.”It was then that the Doomguide turned and glanced down at Lienna’s scorched bones once more. “I wonder why this Araman wanted Lienna dead so badly… who is he, exactly?”Safiya’s brow furrowed deeply. “A senior instructor at the Academy – a very quiet, but also very intelligent man. We only spoke on a few occasions. He mostly stayed holed up in the library. I did notice, though, that he has an astounding grasp of the magical arts.” She paused for a moment and frowned. “If he sent minions all the way to Rashemen to kill Lienna, she was no mere theatre matron. She likely had very important connections to my mother… so much so that Araman deemed Lienna a threat to his rebellion against her.”“Hmm,” Rhaine’s face was grim. “Well, I think I’ve heard enough about him and his murdering cronies, for now. Shall we return to the Prime?”“Indeed,” Safiya nodded. “There’s nothing left for us here. We probably should seek out the dwarf woman and the other actors. Lienna may have confided in one of them, and perhaps we can learn more second-hand.”------------------------------------------------------They left the Shadow Veil and returned to the Prime, departing from the theatre the way they had entered. By this time, it was dark outside, the stars twinkling in the blue-black sky overhead. But the pair had not taken two steps from the theatre house before three flashes of light blinked before them, three masked women materializing in their path and halting them in their tracks.“Keep your distance, Witches. I’ve studied your laws, and we’ve broken none,” Safiya warned firmly.The middle Witch stepped forward, then, an old woman with silver hair in a long braid down her back. Like her companions, she wore a colorful dress in the native style and an elaborate mask – hers in the shape of an owl’s face. She peered at Safiya with deep brown eyes, speaking with a soft voice that was nonetheless strong, despite her advanced years. “You know our laws,” she said at length with a slow nod, cocking her head. “And I know you, child, even if these others do not. You would be best served by keeping silent.”“Look, Sheva!” the Witch on the right exclaimed as she pointed at Rhaine with a claw-like finger, her ebon mane blowing errantly in the soft night breeze. “The girl’s companion… it’s that one who offends the land and draws an army to our gate!” Her voice was sharp and harsh, her black eyes narrowed behind her cat-faced mask.At that, the elderly Witch turned to Rhaine, addressing her directly. “Speak your name, foreigner, and know you address the Wychlaran.”The Doomguide stiffened, though ultimately opting for diplomacy over defensiveness, knowing the latter would get her nowhere. “I am Rhaine Alcinea. I came to your city looking for a woman named Lienna. Unfortunately, it appears I’ve come too late.”The third Witch, a very young woman with sandy hair and an eagle mask, spun towards Sheva in obvious shock. “Then Magda spoke true? She said there were Thayans… that they came from the very shad-”“Calm, Katya,” Sheva raised a weathered hand to silence the young witch. “You are a Witch now, not a farmgirl,” she reminded her. She then returned her attention to Rhaine. “You crossed spells with our mortal enemies, foreigner, and drove them from our midst. For that, much may be forgiven.”“Forgiven?” Rhaine’s brow rose. “I have committed no crime of which I am aware.”“That may be true,” Sheva answered with a dip of her head. “But the bear god has marched an army of spirits to our gates, and he roars for your blood. He claims that you have defiled his sacred den… and unleashed an evil upon the world.”“And the bear god does not lie,” the raven-haired Witch added. “I can smell the wrongness on you, foreigner. It hangs on you like a corpse-shroud.”“My business is not with the spirits, despite how much they apparently insist on it,” Rhaine interjected, choosing to ignore the insult thrown her way. “I need to speak with Magda. She may know more about what happened to Lienna, for whom I’ve been searching regarding important information.”“How do we know you wouldn’t have slain Lienna yourself?” the dark Witch retorted skeptically. “How do we know you won’t do the same to Magda?”“Hush, Kazimika,” Sheva finally snapped at her fellow Wychlaran, before addressing Rhaine once more. “Make your peace with the bear god, foreigner, and we will know you for a friend.”There was a long pause, all five women standing in heavy silence. Rhaine looked from one Witch to the other. “And Magda…?”“… will be kept safe,” Sheva assured. “From the spirit horde and from you, if need be.”The Doomguide sighed heavily, putting her head in her hand and rubbing at her temples. It seemed there was no way forward without dealing with the bear god again. “Very well. If you insist, I will face Okku in the morning.”Sheva inclined her head. “No Witch may stand against the spirits of the land, but we will still honor the debt we owe you, for slaying the Red Wizards. Go to our prison on the north edge of town. Any convict willing to fight at your side will be granted a full pardon.”Rhaine nodded shortly. “That is fair. Thank you.”Then, Sheva stepped closer, placing her gnarled hands on the priestess’s shoulders and speaking in a quieter tone, as if for her ears only. “You know not what dreams lay behind steel and rune, foreigner… or what paths they might open to you. We will watch from our high place and will receive you again – if you return alive.”

For a long moment after the Witches vanished, Rhaine simply stood there, blinking. She didn’t know whether to laugh, weep, or throw a fit in utter rage. Deep in her heart, despite the opportunity to explore a new land, all she wanted was to find a way back home. She didn’t even want to know about the Sword of Gith anymore; she didn’t need it any longer, after all. Whoever took the shard and sword from her could have them both, for all she cared. But now, Okku was bound and determined to kill her as soon as she set foot outside Mulsantir’s gates – had brought an apparent army of his fellow spirits to ensure it happened – and there was no way out of the city without facing him.From behind her, Safiya let out her breath in a hissing sigh. “Great.”But then, out of the corner of her eye, Rhaine saw two figures tentatively approaching the pair of women. They were garbed in similar furs and leathers, though one was male and the other female. The Doomguide’s eyes widened in surprise when she saw that both were also winged; the male’s feathers cream-colored, and his companion’s a dusky charcoal. The male also wore an antlered helmet.It took an embarrassingly-long minute before it dawned on her that they were half-celestials – mortals with the heritage of angels.The male spoke first, his teeth startlingly white against his golden blonde beard. “Hello, friend. I’m sorry, but we couldn’t help but overhear your conversation with the Witches. We are willing to offer our aid to you against this spirit army, if you would be so kind as to aid us in return.”“Forgive my brother’s manners,” the dark-winged woman added, jabbing her companion in the ribs with a sharp glare. “I am Susah the Crow, and this is Efrem the Stag. We are looking for our sister, Kaelyn the Dove.”Rhaine raised an eyebrow. “You’re all named after animals?”“We are,” Efrem affirmed with a grin and a nod, “and together, we are the Menagerie. Our sister has been missing from us for some time now, and we are concerned for her. Our hunt led us to Mulsantir, but we have since lost her scent.”“We believe she may have come here in search of Myrkul’s Vault,” Susah continued, brushing her short black hair out of her eyes. “If she has found it here, then we cannot continue on, as it would be a violation of our faith.”“And why is that, precisely? Who do you follow?” Rhaine inquired, cocking her head curiously. Many gods could consider entering one of Myrkul’s holy sites a violation of faith, including…“Kelemvor, of course,” Efrem replied, as if it were obvious.The Doomguide huffed out a sigh, nearing them so they could see the holy symbol shining about her neck, the gold glinting in the light of a nearby brazier. “So am I.”The brother and sister exchanged looks that were mixed with both surprise and dismay. “Oh. Oh dear. That complicates things.”At that, Rhaine’s brow furrowed. “Why is Kaelyn looking for Myrkul’s Vault? Is entering it not a violation for her as well?”Efrem shook his head. “Our sister abandoned Kelemvor’s faith some time ago, in favor of that of Ilmater, the Suffering God. For this, she was exiled from our grandfather’s home on Mount Celestia.”“As for why she is looking for it,” Susah added, “I have a theory-”It was then that Efrem clamped a hand over his sister’s mouth to silence her. “Let us not entertain this kind sister of the faith with theories. For that answer, she will have to ask Kaelyn herself. Besides, as a fellow Kelemvorite, she cannot help us.”But then, as if on cue, an idea suddenly sprang into Rhaine’s head. It was risky, sure, but she was feeling oddly courageous now, as if she had absolutely nothing to lose. “Wait… isn’t Myrkul’s Vault filled with undead?”Susah glanced at her brother nervously. “It… it is rumored, yes.”“And aren’t we sworn to eradicate the undead, wherever they may be found?”Efrem’s eyes widened as he began to comprehend what she was getting at. “Yes, but…”“And do you believe your sister to be in mortal danger? Her life threatened by these undead.”“Quite possibly…”Rhaine nodded once. “Then it is settled. I will look for her. If Kelemvor objects to my presence in his predecessor’s Vault, then perhaps he will be equally appeased by the destruction of its foul denizens, should they cross my path. Myrkulites or no, undead may not be allowed to persist to threaten any mortal life.”Susah bit her lip, as if slightly unconvinced. “You are brave, milady. Thank you for your help. We will not forget our promise to you.”“Nay,” Efrem added with a shake of his head. “As soon as we see our sister safe, we will join you in your battle with the Bear King. May Kelemvor’s blessings go with you, Rhaine Alcinea. We shall pray for your swift success.”------------------------------------------------------The two entered the common room of “The Sloop,” the local tavern. They had both decided to rent a room for the night before beginning their search for Kaelyn and their investigation of the city’s prison for potential recruits. The place was, quite possibly, the shoddiest inn Rhaine had ever seen in her life. The tables and stools were rickety, there were gaping holes in the ceiling, and the entire place smelled of stale beer, sweat, and mothballs. Perhaps the only good thing about it was that it was cheap. Ever since Rhaine had lost her pack, she only had a handful of gold coins in her belt pouch to her name… a handful that was diminishing rather rapidly.Once it was purchased, Wizard and Doomguide skirted a group of drunken barbarians and entered their tiny room, locking the door behind them. It was then they spent a few moments simply staring at their meagre accommodations: two footlockers, two straw cots, no blankets, no chairs, and one cracked mirror to share between them. Both heaved a heavy sigh, Safiya dumping her satchel onto her cot while Rhaine unbuckled her belt and scabbard. Kaji alighted on one of the footlockers, folding his clay wings around himself not unlike a bat.The Doomguide removed her gauntlets and set her helm on her own rotten chest, approaching the mirror. And what she glimpsed upon its surface caused her to gasp aloud.“What?” Safiya asked, concern in her voice. “What is it?”Rhaine gaped in horror at her reflection. Her once lively crimson hair was lank and dull. Lifeless. Her eyes were sunken, all the brightness in their irises gone. Her face was gaunt, her cheeks hollowed, its flesh unusually pale – almost cold-looking.“Oh,” Safiya started. “Yes, that. You didn’t look like that right after the spirit barrow. But over the course of the day, you’ve been looking more and more… starved. Ill, even. You seemed fine other than your appearance, though, so I didn’t say anything. I… didn’t want you to panic.”“What is happening to me?” she whispered, lightly touching her face as if she expected it to be some horrible mask and not her own visage she was looking at. Her fingers indeed brushed unnaturally cool skin, and she shuddered.Safiya placed a hand on her shoulder. “I wish I knew. We’ll just have to wait until we can speak with Magda. I have a feeling it’s something Lienna could have answered.”Rhaine whirled, rage bubbling over, and Safiya jerked her hand away. “Well, that’s just it, isn’t it? She’s dead, and now I’ve got a stlarning army of spirits that’s howling for my blood right outside those gates! The Witches won’t let me talk with the dwarf woman until I deal with them. But there’s no way I can face Okku alone while he has an endless supply of power at his back. So I have to go to a prison, and scrounge up convicts, and then violate my own god’s doctrine, just so I can stand a snowball’s chance in the Hells against a rampaging bear spirit!”“Yes,” the Red Wizard nodded, unfazed by her rant, “and we’ll face him together. I made a promise to my mother to help you and protect you, and I will do just that.”“Look, Safiya. I’m grateful for your continued assistance. I really am. I have said it before, and it is worth repeating: without you, I wouldn’t have made it out of that barrow alive. But you don’t understand,” Rhaine shook her head fiercely, raking claw-like hands violently through her hair as her voice wavered, “I feel like I’m dying. I feel alone. This… this isn’t me!” She pounded her armored chest. “I’m empty inside! It’s as if I’m a walking husk! I can’t remember my friends, I can’t remember what happened to me before the barrow… there’s nothing there! And every moment that passes it gets worse!”She could no longer speak. Her throat felt as if someone were choking her, and her eyes filled with hot tears. Safiya looked at her with an expression of pity, and that made her even angrier. But the Red Wizard took her firmly by the shoulders and pushed her to a sitting position on her cot, reaching into her satchel and producing a spare robe. “Here. Get out of that armor and rest. We’ll take this one step at a time. I promise you, we will drive off Okku, we will talk to Magda, and we will find out what’s wrong with you. And after that, we will find a way to send you home. You have my word.”------------------------------------------------------Rhaine awoke before Safiya, carefully getting up and arming herself with minimal noise so as not to disturb the Red Wizard. She was shocked to find that the scar upon her chest was completely gone – it was as if the wound had never even existed, much less been cut open again. Whatever she had done in the spirit barrow had not only destroyed Nakata, but also completely healed her of even her oldest injuries.But at what cost?She held her head, wincing. The Doomguide could practically feel the army of spirits outside the gates, all enraged and ready to tear her to shreds. Whatever the thing was that lay within her twisted again, quite painfully this time. Suffice it to say that she didn’t feel like eating; she took a bit of water and only a few bites of some local fare from the innkeeper for her breakfast. It was a choice she’d likely regret later, but she didn’t have the stomach for more.Safiya finally rose an hour or so after Rhaine, prepared to join her companion in a search for allies. The two meandered through the streets of Mulsantir side by side, then, finding that most of the Rashemi had locked themselves in their homes. Thus, it was unnervingly quiet compared to the day before, save for the howling of the spirits that came floating over the walls. Obviously, she would find little help amongst the superstitious natives.But then, her heart skipped a beat as a familiar sight greeted her. On the hillside above the bazaar was a small stone temple, set half underground and ringed by a semicircular wall. And upon the façade above the doorway was the symbol of Kelemvor.It was like a beacon of hope to her darkened heart.Rhaine started, “Safiya, look! It’s a Temple to Kelemvor. Perhaps someone there will know what’s wrong with me.”“Oh?” The Red Wizard glanced at the place and back to Rhaine. “Well, that’s… something, I suppose. Go on in if you want, I’ll… I’ll just wait out here.” She offered a small smile.The Doomguide’s brow furrowed. “Really? I’m sure you’d be wel-”Safiya waved her hand. “Yes, go on. I… I’m not really one for religion, Rhaine. Let’s just keep it at that.”Rhaine shrugged. “All right. Suit yourself. I’ll try to make it quick.”With that, she turned from the wizard and approached the temple. The closer she came to it, the smaller it appeared – its only defining feature was the wall sculpture. She peered at it, wondering what exactly had been carved upon its surface until she realized it was images of tortured souls. Rhaine shook her head momentarily, not quite believing her eyes before a wave of realization hit her. It was a representation of the Wall of the Faithless – not exactly the most cheerful of subjects for a public monument.Turning away from the wall, she continued on into the temple proper, descending a small flight of stairs. It was cooler underground, the lower temperature required for obvious reasons – reasons that were fulfilled by an underground floor below the temple back home in Waterdeep. As her eyes slowly adjusted from the bright Rashemi daylight, she looked around the space. The interior was even smaller than the exterior had been. The room ahead served as both the nave and the library, it seemed. Behind a door that lay directly across from her was the mortuary, and to her left were side rooms for both the resident priests and any guests, likely the infirm.She continued further, her boots clacking on the engraved ceramic tiles. Looking up at the low ceiling, she saw that it was tiled as well, cleverly embossed to oppose the deep etchings on the floor. The architecture was supported with darkly-stained wooden beams, the color rich in the low candlelight. A small marble altar sat roughly in the center of the room, a small set of stairs leading up to it, and a large granite depiction of the skeletal hand and scales adorning the wall behind it.It was a modest setup, compared to some others, but the soothing quiet was just the same. She let out a shuddering sigh, trying to absorb that peace into herself, but for some reason, the tranquility of this place did not calm her as it might have under other circumstances.A movement to her right then caught her eye. There, standing in front of a pair of bookcases, was a young man garbed in an acolyte’s brown robe, flipping almost carelessly through a leather-bound tome. His sleeves and hood were a bit too big for him, and he constantly had to push them out of his way. He glanced up upon hearing Rhaine approach.“Oh, hello there!” he greeted her warmly. “I’m Yusev… but I’m just an acolyte. You’ll want to speak with Brother Darovik. He’ll be out here shortly.”“New to the Church, eh?” She grinned. “Welcome.”He blushed a deep crimson, noticing her symbol. “Ah, thank you, sister. My parents just recently sent me off to learn the ways of a priest. I had been looking forward to it, but now,” he shook his head in dismay, “it’s all rather disappointing, really.”She felt her brow furrow. “Disappointing? How so?”Yusev sighed heavily, closing the book in his hands. “I had thought that Kelemvor would have been more like his predecessors regarding the use of necromancy – it is an art that I am utterly fascinated with, but I’ve found it is something that the Lord of the Dead frowns upon, while Myrkul and Jergal before him actually encouraged it. I don’t understand it. We humans are such frail creatures with an incredibly limited lifespan compared to so many others in the Realms. What is the harm in trying to prolong it, even by just a little bit?”Rhaine took in a hissing breath, knowing she needed to set him straight and quickly. “Because while you’re searching for a way to extend your life, you’re wasting your precious time upon the Prime. Kelemvor teaches us to accept our allotted lifespan and live it to the fullest. Not only that, but in practicing necromancy you also dishonor those who have gone before you and defile their remains, disturbing their rest and creating foul perversions for your petty desires. Death is a natural part of life, part of a universal order. Tampering with this order has consequences, even if we mortals are not aware of them.”Yusev’s face looked grim as he absorbed her words. “Well, now that you put it that way, it makes sense. But it also makes me wonder why I didn’t realize that before now… if I’ve even joined the right Church.”“Don’t fast yourself over it,” the Doomguide sighed with a shake of her head, “we all learn at a different pace and from different methods.”Yusev blushed again. “Thank you, sister. I understand.”“About time someone got through to you, boy.”Rhaine whirled around. There, leaning against a wooden support with his arms crossed loosely over his chest, was another priest. This man was far older than Yusev, his neatly trimmed beard a fading charcoal color. With his tanned complexion, he could easily pass as any of the peoples of the region: Rashemi, Aglarondan, or even Thayan. He peered at her underneath the shadows of his cowl with eyes the color of steel, his voice tinged with a heavier accent than that of Sheva or her sisters, “Welcome to the house of Kelemvor, sister. It is more humble than most, but no poorer in our lord’s sight. I am Brother Darovik. How may I serve?”Rhaine clasped her hand to her chest in the formal greeting. “Well met to you, brother. I am Rhaine Alcinea of Waterdeep. It seems I suffer from a sickness of some sort, and I was wondering if you could help me discern what it is. It is like nothing I have ever encountered before.”Darovik’s brow furrowed. “Well then, come here and let me have a look at you.”She stepped closer, and he cast a simple charm for detecting illnesses, looking over her carefully with a sharp gaze. After a few moments, he frowned. He then gently took her face in one weathered hand and tilted it first one direction and then the other. After another moment, he dropped his hand and sighed.“I do not know what affliction has beset you, child. You appear to have some combination of disease and malnutrition, but my magics detect nothing.” He shook his head in apology. “I am sorry. Perhaps only the blessings of Kelemvor may aid you in this.”Rhaine’s countenance fell, and with it her heart. “I feared you would say that, brother.”Darovik nodded solemnly. “Is there anything else I can help you with?”At that, the Doomguide glanced up. “Actually, yes. I am looking for Kaelyn the Dove. Her siblings have tracked her to Mulsantir but have since lost her trail. Do you know where she might be?”Upon hearing the half-celestial’s name, the priest looked surprised. “Kaelyn is here? I hadn’t heard anything about that, and I know there would be quite a stir if she were seen. It has been some time since she graced Kelemvor’s temples… I believe she found a new calling in Ilmater, the Suffering God. If she is in Mulsantir and has not yet been noticed, then she has gone out of her way to remain undetected – perhaps even slipping into another plane. It would not be unheard of. The Menagerie once frequently traveled in such a manner. But their band has been dissolved, or so I had thought.”“Her siblings said she might have been looking for Myrkul’s Vault,” Rhaine added. “Is that anywhere nearby?”Darovik shook his head emphatically. “Not here, and certainly not in the house of Kelemvor – though this place did serve Myrkul in the past.” He paused for a moment, as if considering her question further, and then leaned close, murmuring as he met her eyes, “Mulsantir is the City of Shadows and Masks. I would shine some light into the darkest of shadows if I were seeking a secret place. You catch my meaning, yes?” He raised an eyebrow at her pointedly.Rhaine’s eyes widened. It wasn’t just The Veil that had a shadow twin… it was the entirety of the city, it had to be. With Magda’s stone, she would likely be able to find more spots throughout Mulsantir where the Plane of Shadow merged with the Prime. And if ever there was a place to build a god’s Vault, it would be where the locals would least expect it.Right under their noses.------------------------------------------------------“Well, what did they say?”Rhaine shook her head. “My affliction is still a mystery, but I think I know how to find Kaelyn, now.”Safiya rose from the bench upon which she was sitting. “Really? How?”The Doomguide lowered her voice as the two began walking again. “You know how Lienna had a portal in her room? I think there are more. We’ll have to wait until nightfall to know for certain, though.”Safiya’s brow rose. “That is an interesting notion. You think this whole city has connections to the Plane of Shadow, then?”“Not only that,” Rhaine nodded, “but I think this whole city has a shadow twin. And in it, I believe we’ll find Myrkul’s Vault.”Safiya whistled. “Out of all the places in Faerûn, I would have never thought something like that to be anywhere near Mulsantir.”The Doomguide shook her head. “Neither did I. But as far as I know, the Myrkulites were some of the best at hiding things in plain sight.”They continued on until they reached what looked to be the prison. Inside, another Witch sat at a small table, a ring of keys hanging on the wall nearest her. She wore a bear mask, snowy white hair framing it.“Ah, you must be the ones Sheva told me of,” she began, her voice cracking with age, “I don’t see why she’s bothering with all this and why you have to bother me, but it isn’t my place to argue. Talk with the prisoners if you like. The first two are not really worth your time, but as for the third, guard your thoughts.”Unfortunately, just as the Witch had suggested, the first two prisoners to whom Rhaine spoke weren’t worth the effort. One was a disfigured hagspawn, the other a halfling. The former was a Rashemi native, the latter a traveler from Luiren, and they both refused to raise their hands against the spirits of the land, even if it meant freedom. Moving on, then, Rhaine noticed that the third cell was encased in stone, accessed by a wooden door… contrasting greatly with the other two cells, which were simply iron-barred cages. Tentatively, the Doomguide opened the door and was surprised at what she saw within.There, sitting with his knees up in the center of an azure runed circle on the floor, was another hagspawn. But this one did not look like his hideous kin two cells down. No, this one would be considered quite handsome in appearance; the only evidence of his heritage was his indigo-hued skin and blue-tinted charcoal hair – suggesting that his mother might have been a powerful Night Hag. Unlike the others, who were garbed in only canvas breechcloths, he wore armor of silver chain and wolf furs, a spear leaning against the wall beside him.Upon seeing his cell door opened, he raised an eyebrow at Rhaine as she entered, gazing at her with one critical blue eye, the other hidden rakishly by his shoulder-length hair. “More jailors come to rattle my cage? Here I was, settling into a relaxing dream, and now you’ve gone and spoiled it.”“I’m not a jailor,” Rhaine replied, knowing she would likely have to apply a great amount of diplomacy to succeed where she had failed twice before, “but I might be your benefactor.”“Ah,” a sly grin spread across his face in response. “Honeyed words from the other side of the cage. But what tune must I sing in return, I wonder? Whatever wards and locks bind this prison, I think clever words are the key to unlocking them. Go on.  I am listening – my, benefactor.”The Doomguide glanced around at the glowing runes he was sitting amongst and frowned. Something seemed strange about them, but she had difficulty placing it. Her brow furrowed. “What are these here for?”“Oh, those?” The hagspawn acted as if he just had noticed the bright azure ring that surrounded him. “Did some child come by and scrawl them with a handful of chalk?”She raised an eyebrow, as she finally realized what was wrong with them. “Possibly. But once scribed, someone altered them from the inside.”Safiya peered over Rhaine’s shoulder to get a good look herself. “I had not noticed that. I thought them intentional reversals of binding wards, but you are correct.”“A mystery indeed,” the hagspawn remarked, grinning mischievously. “Who do you suspect of altering them? Not me, I hope.”Rhaine put a hand on her hip, cocking her head at him. “If you did this, then you are very skilled with scribing wards.”“Ah, the sweet arrows of flattery have hit their mark,” he replied. “You may be worth speaking to for a while. But I seem to have forgotten why you are here. I am not a reader of minds, you know. So, out with it.”“What crime did you commit to get in here, if I may ask?”“My crime? It is a grievous one,” he answered, staring at the Doomguide intensely. “Alas, I am too handsome to look upon.”Safiya made a retching noise behind her.“I am Gannayev. Some call me Gann-of-Dreams,” he continued, “for that is what I do – I am the one who traipses in the nightly visions of sweet farmers’ daughters. I also speak with the spirits of the land and know their various cries and calls. The Witches rightly fear this power, so they have seen fit to lock me away.”A hagspawn spirit shaman and a dreamwalker, too?Rhaine leaned against the doorframe. “Well, Gann-of-Dreams, I am Rhaine Alcinea, and I am looking for people to help me defend Mulsantir.”“Seeking soldiers are you?” his countenance hardened. “You’ve come to the wrong cell. I am neither foolhardy nor desperate enough to fight barbarians or Thayans.”“Actually, I need help fighting an army of spirits that has gathered outside the gates.”At that, his expression turned into one of utter surprise, his brows arcing high. “So they’re here then? I was wondering when that would happen in reality,” he said, glancing away briefly.“Wait, you knew this was going to happen?” Rhaine wondered if he possessed the gift of prophecy as well.“Now, now,” he admonished, “knowing and telling are two different beasts, and the bear god – he is a third. You are rather brave to marshal a force against such an army. That’s no ordinary band of spirits out there – it’s a veritable hornet’s nest. They’re howling for blood so loudly, I can hear them in my dreams.“And I am suddenly struck with the suspicion that the blood they seek is yours. Grave robber, are you? Tsk, tsk. One should not steal from the Bear King, lest he fly into a colorful furry rage. So, entertain me, brave one. Why would I follow you into such a hopeless battle, hmm?”Rhaine smiled seductively, deciding to turn his narcissistic ways against him. She cocked her hip meeting his gaze. “Because all this time, you haven’t asked me to leave… and I think I know why.”Gann smirked. “Careful, or they’ll lock you in here for being charming and well-spoken, too… even if you aren’t quite as beautiful as I am. I’ll admit that your presence and your request intrigue me. Slightly. But that’s a slight more than most.”She mirrored his smirk with her own. “I’ll take that as a compliment. A slight one.”He jumped to his feet, then, seizing his spear. “Ha! An excellent rebuttal. I think this bodes well for our travels together. Very well, you have a willing soldier at your side. Shall we be off?”She grinned. “Indeed. Let us go.”------------------------------------------------------After he was officially freed, Gann and Safiya exchanged formal greetings, and the threesome wandered about Mulsantir together while waiting for night to fall, the two women becoming more familiar with the city and its layout. The spirit shaman and wizardess both picked up some food along the way from the only vendor who dared to remain open – the one catering to the yet-patrolling berserkers.Once twilight finally settled across the land, they then began scanning the darkened alleyways for possible rifts into the Shadow Plane. At last they found one, in an alley behind the stables, near the city gates. Having traveled through one of these rifts once before, Rhaine was not as tentative as she had been the first time, and she stepped through the black portal with ease, Gann and Safiya on her heels.Once on the other side, her suspicions were confirmed. The entirety of Mulsantir was duplicated, with only a few changes here and there. Instead of flesh-and-blood denizens, however, the dark twin was populated by shadows, wraiths, and nightwalkers. All easily fell to their spells… but Rhaine discovered another disconcerting fact in their battles with these undead.She could no longer call the Bond of Fatal Touch.No matter how many times she tried to establish the connection, it would not take. The sword remained entirely unresponsive, as if she had never been bestowed the gift to start with.Rhaine suspected that whatever was blocking her link to her god was tied to her newfound affliction somehow. Then again, she could not help but ask herself if Kelemvor had somehow forsaken her. But if that was true, how could she continue to cast spells? It made no sense. She received her divine energy directly from her patron. If he no longer supported her, then she would have no magic – plain and simple. And why would he do such a thing when, to her knowledge, she had not done anything to warrant such a punishment?Yet, at least.Perhaps it was something to discuss with Darovik when they returned to the Prime.For now, however, the Doomguide pushed her thoughts to the back of her mind as she, Safiya, and Gann made their way through the shadow city, watching their backs as they went. There, on the hill where Mulsantir’s Temple of Kelemvor would have been on the Prime, was a towering circular structure of obsidian and granite. The place was ornately adorned with hundreds of skeleton motifs, and many banners upon the dark walls bore a white skull resting within a black archway – the symbol of the old god of the dead.Myrkul’s Vault.Safiya looked up at the structure with brows raised, taking a deep breath. “This looks like the Vault. Do you think Kaelyn is inside?”“If she is, let us hope that she lives,” Rhaine replied grimly. “I have a bad feeling about this place.”“As do I,” Gann added. “And it’s not my usual disdain for your so-called ‘gods’.”The Doomguide cast him a glare. So he was a Faithless soul, then? Not just out of ignorance, but out of choice? He was certainly in for a harsh reality check, then.Though that did beg the question of just how he was casting his spells…Rhaine wordlessly moved forward, carefully pushing open the heavy doors of the Vault after Kaji disarmed the negative energy trap he had spotted with his keen little eyes. Together, they eased inside, eyes flicking from left to right to detect any foes that might emerge from the deep shadows within. Ahead of them was what seemed to be an empty entrance hall, flooded for the first thirty feet with a liquid that was tinged red even on the nigh-colorless Shadow Plane. Steps led up from the pool to what appeared to be a lounge area, complete with lavish frescoes and marble benches. Then, more steps led steeply downwards again to a strangely-shaped obsidian door. It was in front of this door that a white-haired woman with white wings stood, stock-still, her back to the group.The Doomguide cautiously walked forth, having no choice but to step into the pool of red liquid to proceed further. The fluid sloshed lazily around her ankles as she moved, and she realized with horror that the liquid was in fact blood. She winced as her sabatons became soaked with crimson, leaving bloody footprints as she ascended the few steps and approached the winged woman ahead of her.“There are few who would brave the tattered black gates that tie this Shadow Mulsantir to its twin,” the woman began, turning around to face her visitors. “Yet you have come, brave or not.”Rhaine took in the half-celestial’s features. Her white hair was cut into a feathery bob around her oval face, her features delicate, but her black eyes shining with inner strength. She wore a glittering suit of silver armor, a mace held ready in one hand. At first she appeared curious, but then she seemed taken aback when her dark eyes found Rhaine’s holy symbol where it hung around the Doomguide’s neck.“And foolish as well,” she added, brow furrowing. “You risk much by coming here, possibly more than you realize. Why do you endanger yourself, so? Has something called you to this place?”Rhaine lifted her chin. “What I risk is my business alone. Are you Kaelyn the Dove? Your siblings have been looking for you.”“I am not surprised,” she answered with a small sigh. “No doubt it was Efrem or Susah whom you met. Possibly both. I have been cut off from the Menagerie for some time, and it seems they are unwilling to give up the hunt. But it would be unlike them to abandon it, especially for their sister’s sake.“Yes, I am Kaelyn. Formerly of the House of the Triad,” she confirmed with a nod. “My heart now lies within the House of Ilmater.”Rhaine jerked her head towards the obsidian door. “And what is a sister of the Ilmatari doing in the Death God’s Vault?”“The same could be asked of a Kelemvorite,” Kaelyn remarked dryly. “But if you must know, I seek entrance to the lower levels. The next stage of my pilgrimage lies there, and all that stands in the way is this gate. Yet I cannot find a way to open it, no matter how hard I try.”“Seems like the gate has already gotten the upper hand, then,” Rhaine observed, one brow lifted as she glanced to the yet firmly-locked portal. “Look, why don’t you come with us back to the Prime? You worry your siblings with your absence, and continuing to stare at this door serves no purpose, regardless of your goals.”“My purpose does lie here,” Kaelyn retorted. “I will find some way to open it, regardless of how long it may take. Somewhere in this Vault is the key.” She took a breath, lips thinning. “But you are right… I should see to my siblings. This door will always be here, whether I am or not. Very well, let us leave this place for now. I will think on this obstacle and return some other time.”They quickly left the entryway of Myrkul’s Vault, then, four now instead of three. Rhaine did not know why the half-celestial rubbed her the wrong way, but she did. The Doomguide had a bad feeling that Kaelyn was nosing around the Vault for more reasons than just a simple “pilgrimage.” And the fact that Kaelyn’s siblings had mentioned her abandoning Kelemvor’s faith did nothing to ease Rhaine’s mind. Judging from her stiff reactions to the Doomguide’s presence there, the Ilmatari likely harbored resentment towards followers of her former god, and perhaps even towards Kelemvor himself. If so, it was further cause to believe that she sought access to the Lower Vaults for more reasons than simply an innocent trial of faith.The foursome swiftly moved back the way they had come, re-emerging upon the Prime before the shadows could rematerialize from their eternal font of negative energy. And as they passed through the portal from the Shadow Plane, Rhaine noticed that Kaelyn’s complexion remained grey… odd, considering the appearance of her siblings.As soon as they rounded the corner from the stables and began heading towards the bazaar once more, Efrem and Susah came running forth, joyful expressions plastered on their faces as they beheld Kaelyn.“Little sister, you have returned! You must stop flying from us, you worry us so!”Kaelyn embraced her older siblings warmly. “And you must stop worrying for me. Why have you followed me? I thought that you-”Efrem crossed his arms. “How could we let our sister endure her exile alone, after all we have been through together?”“Please,” Susah entreated. “We miss you so! I’m sure grandfather would let you come home if you just made penance to Kelemvor! He is a just and fair god. Trust him to resolve your internal struggles.”Kaelyn shook her head. “No, I cannot. There are wrongs that remain uncorrected by Kelemvor, and by the other gods as well.”“Then let us come with you!”“No, my siblings. What I do puts my very body and perhaps even my soul at risk for destruction… I cannot and will not allow you to suffer the same fate,” she replied firmly.Rhaine’s eyes narrowed as she listened to this conversation unfold. So it was personal beef with Kelemvor. And whatever she was doing in that Vault wasn’t just to spite the Lord of the Dead, but apparently all the gods… for what reason, it didn’t matter. It was both a foolish and childish endeavor, and it would likely end with her death. If not worse.“I’ve brought your sister to you, as promised,” the Doomguide interjected, tired of Kaelyn’s brashness already.Efrem turned his attention to Rhaine and nodded. “And, as promised, we will fight at your side.”At that, Kaelyn looked deeply concerned. “What? What have you gotten yourselves into?”“We asked Rhaine to help us look for you,” Susah replied, “and in return, we offered to help her fight the army of spirits that has gathered outside the gates.”“It was not my intention to endanger you, my siblings,” Kaelyn answered, turning back to Rhaine. “Please. Release them from their bond. I will fight with you and that will be enough. I do not wish my brother and sister to suffer on my account.”At least she had that much to her credit. Considering Kaelyn’s offer for a breath, Rhaine at last relented, “Very well. Efrem and Susah are released from their promise.”Kaelyn offered her a half-smile of appreciation. “Thank you. Now, my siblings, go back home. My path now lies with Rhaine, for now.”“But sister-”She held up her hand to halt them. “Enough. Go back to Celestia and live in peace. The Menagerie’s time is long over.”At last, Susah reluctantly nodded. “Behold the conviction in our sister’s eyes. We cannot sway her from this.”Removing his antlered helm, Efrem moved past Kaelyn and proffered it to Rhaine. “Here. Take my helm. Use it to protect my sister. If I catch word that she has perished by your side, I will return for the helmet, and your life with it.”The Doomguide’s brow rose critically, even as she reluctantly took the helm from him.Susah then took her brother by the arm and began leading him away, even as both siblings looked back over their shoulders at their sister. “Goodbye, Kaelyn. We will think of you. We will pray for you.”Rhaine watched as the two departed through Mulsantir’s gates, resisting the temptation to roll her eyes in irritation at the whole situation. Then, once they were gone, she shoved the helmet into Kaelyn’s hands with a heavy sigh, turning away from the half-celestial and back towards the city’s heart. “Let us retire to The Sloop, where we can discuss our strategy on how to defeat Okku’s army. At dawn, we fight.”

“So, you’re saying that Okku’s strength lies with his army?”Gann nodded, leaning back in his rickety chair with his hands behind his head. “Yes. The more of those telthors – err, spirits – we drive off, the weaker he will become.”“So,” Safiya added, eyes distant as she thought, “all we have to do is keep Okku from doing too much damage in the time it takes to dissolve his power.”Kaelyn shifted in her seat, her own chair creaking ominously under the weight of her armored body. “It would, perhaps, be best for me to stay on the defensive and keep healing spells and shields going.”“That would be advisable,” Gann replied with a smirk. “As I’ll be letting you know when the bear god is weak enough to attack; if I fall, you’ll have to use your best judgment.”“You won’t fall,” Kaelyn answered firmly. “That is a promise.”Rhaine downed her glass of wine – or, what was supposed to be wine. “I suppose I’ll be Okku’s main distraction while you take care of the telthors, then.”“Not an easy feat, that,” Gann remarked. “They’ll all be headed straight for you. Whatever you have done, they seek vengeance on you and you alone.”“Which is why we need to strike swiftly and with large-scale spells,” Safiya observed pointedly. “They’ll do the most damage to many opponents at once. We cannot afford to waste time with small cantrips against individuals.”“And when Okku is finally vulnerable,” Rhaine finished. “I’ll need you all to focus on him and put an end to the battle quickly.”They looked one to the other. Such a plan sounded well and good now, but they knew things would be much different once on the actual battlefield. Anything could happen, and all of their strategizing might be for naught.After a moment, Kaelyn stood and yawned, stretching her wings upwards towards the ceiling. “Well. I do not think we can discuss any more aspects of this battle than we already have, and we are all in need of rest if we are to combat the spirits in the morn. We should retire.”“Agreed.” Gann stood as well, winking at Rhaine as he pushed in his chair. “I am in need of my beauty sleep, after all.”Safiya said nothing until she and Rhaine returned to the room they shared. But once the Doomguide shut the door behind them, the wizardess snorted, “What an egotistical windbag.”At that, Rhaine couldn’t help but chuckle at the wizardess’s remark. “I’m guessing you don’t like him?”Safiya rolled her eyes, tossing her satchel onto her footlocker. “Those who speak overmuch of the value of dreams are usually trying to sell you something.” Then, sighing, she added, “That being said, I would at least put some trust in him, simply because he responds well to blunt honesty. After growing up around deceitful Red Wizards, I know that a true liar wants to be lied to in return.”Thinking upon Safiya’s words, the Doomguide began unbuckling her armor, gradually removing it piece by piece. After a minute, she asked, “And what do you think about Kaelyn?”The Red Wizard scoffed, “That servant of…” But then she paused, sighing heavily and shaking her head. “I’ve never trusted people of faith. They live their lives completely detached from reason.”Rhaine paused and raised an eyebrow.“Well,” Safiya held up her hands defensively. “There are exceptions, I’ll grant. But Kaelyn is not one of them. You can hear a terminal innocence in her voice. If you told her that faith would feed her, she would gladly starve herself and die in prayer.”Despite its irreligiosity, the Doomguide couldn’t help but burst out laughing at her comrade’s remark. “That’s a good one.”The wizardess grinned, but then her expression soon turned serious again. “Don’t let my prejudice against the faithful stain your view of Kaelyn, though. There is no reason for you not to trust her, yet. She is, in her very blood, a creature of goodness and integrity.”Is she? Rhaine thought, recalling the half-celestial’s words both in Myrkul’s Vault and to her siblings. Something about her, despite her heritage, seemed like a façade of virtue hiding a far more troubled soul behind it. A far more dangerous soul, in fact. To the Suffering God she may have run, but what part of suffering did she find herself drawn to? And for what reason? Ilmatari, despite their overall goodness and altruism, had a reputation for also harboring darker individuals in their ranks.Ultimately, the Doomguide sighed heavily and slipped Safiya’s spare robe over herself, falling onto her hard bed. It would be a long while before a light sleep overtook her. Her thoughts were alive with battle plans and anticipation of the morrow’s fight. Okku must have held a serious grudge if he followed her all the way from his barrow with an army on his heels. Something told her it was more than just vengeance for her trespass, however…And the presence within her was growing restless.------------------------------------------------------The morning air was cool and crisp. The foursome stood side by side as they beheld the spirit army on the road before them. The gates of Mulsantir creaked as the berserkers closed them behind the group, barring the entrance to the city until the battle was over. Meanwhile, the residents were climbing up onto the walls to watch the eminent fight, eager to see the spirits appeased… in one way or another.“You recall what I told you, yes?” Gann inquired, casting a sideways glance to Rhaine.The Doomguide nodded, drawing Touch of Death. “Focus on the army first and listen for your call, then attack Okku.”“Good! You remember.” He grinned his approval, readying his spear. “Let us see if our weapons are as sharp as your memory, then.”They advanced towards the spirit army, a wall of shifting and shimmering blue spirits in all forms: panthers, leopards, bears, wolves… there were even dryads and earth elementals in their ranks. And in the midst of them all, twice as large as he had been in the barrow, was the bear king himself, eyes bright with power and fury. As the foursome neared, the spirits seemed to simultaneously hiss in revulsion, recoiling.It was then that Okku stepped forth. “So, you are brave after all. Wood and stone would not have kept us from you, but it is good that innocent lives may be spared. We can finish this quickly, if you like. Present your neck. It will fit snugly between my teeth, and we can all go back to our dreams.”Rhaine’s brow furrowed, “Let me ask you this: what did I do to offend you so much that you want me dead?”“It is not what you did, little one, but what you are,” the bear god rumbled. “Can’t you smell it? It is driving these spirits mad. You do not know what you are… not yet. If you did, you might ask that I kill you – better that you never know at all.”“Then spare your followers and mine. Let us settle this between us and us alone.”Okku growled. “You misunderstand, little one. I am here at their behest – by the will of the land itself. Now, enough talk! I will slay you, or I will die and dream no more.” He bared his long ivory fangs, rearing back on his hind legs. “Tonight, you will lie in the Cavern of Runes, and there you will stay!”Total chaos ensued. Okku leapt forward with far more speed and strength than she had expected. Rhaine was forced to roll to the side, barely dodging his teeth and claws and landing right in the path of a charging earth elemental. The air aroud her was rapidly filled with a deafening roar of both animal cries and magical incantations as Gann and Safiya’s spells suddenly ripped through their ranks, lightning and fire tearing the smaller telthors to shreds and blasting the earth elemental apart.As she scrambled to get back to her feet, the Doomguide thought she could hear Gann yelling that their current strategy was not enough. Then, there was a flurry of motion as Kaelyn lighted next to her, dragging her out of Okku’s way and simultaneously casting a shielding spell upon her. The celestial managed to skirt past a dryad’s long, poisoned spear as she did so, and Rhaine quickly retaliated by knocking the weapon out of the spirit’s hands, plunging her sword into the nature guardian’s thin form. The Doomguide then cast a Hammer of the Gods, the blinding divine energy severely damaging many of the nearby spirits with its power and buying them both something of a reprieve.It wasn’t but a second before Kaelyn was gone again, this time flying over to Gann’s side. It appeared the panther telthors had converged upon him, and Safiya attempted to disperse them by casting a strategically-placed fireball. Okku found Rhaine once more and surrounded her with several earth elementals so that she could not escape him this time. In response, she summoned a Blade Barrier around herself, hoping to keep them all away from her as she followed up with a Fire Storm. More of the telthors fell, and she realized in that moment that fire and divine light were their key weaknesses, much like undead.“We’re draining him!” Gannayev shouted. “Just a little more!”“Fire and light!” Rhaine yelled, hoping they had heard her as she cast a Flame Strike. A few of the lesser elementals fell to her incantation, and Okku could not approach her without fear of being sliced by the magic blades. He roared in rage.Safiya then launched a Meteor Swarm spell upon the rear flank, fiery boulders raining onto the seemingly endless spirit army. Their ranks were thinned considerably at that, and of a sudden, Rhaine heard Gann’s cry overtop the cacophany.“NOW!”The Doomguide dispelled her Blade Barrier and brought all of her strength to bear against Okku in melee. Dodging his mighty paws, she slashed left and right, Touch of Death causing his form to recoil with each strike. Safiya, Gann, and Kaelyn focused their mightiest spells upon the bear king, freezing, shocking, and burning him in tandem with their magic both arcane and divine, all the while keeping any other spirits at bay.At last, after what seemed like forever, he howled in pain and fury, backing away from Rhaine and lowering his head in defeat. The remainder of the spirits ceased their assault, similarly retreating from the four combatants and leaving them standing alone in their protective circle.“Enough! I yield.” Okku prostrated himself on his belly before her. “Hurry, little one. Take a blade… tear out my throat!”Panting from adrenaline and exertion, the Doomguide shook her head, puzzled at the spirit’s eagerness for death. “I… I came here to make peace with you, bear god, and I have done just that. I will not kill you… not when you have surrendered to me.”“No! You don’t understand, do it before-”A strange humming sound surrounded her, and Rhaine suddenly felt herself lifted from her feet like a puppet on a string, her limbs useless. Her entire body seemed to vibrate with an alien energy, and she could sense the presence within her bubbling to the surface, writhing and seething beneath her skin… growing and growing until it nearly consumed her vision with its strength…“Wha-?” she managed to gasp out as an accompanying pain welled from deep inside her, a predatory hunger that reached for Okku’s vulnerable form with greedy claws. Panic quickly rose along with it“What is that? It feels like a whiplash across my mind…” Gann held his head in his hands, wincing as if in pain.“This is the same as what happened in the barrow, when you consumed that spirit wolf,” Safiya murmured, her tone almost a fearful one.“Stop this attack!” Kaelyn urged. “Whatever you’re doing, you’re feeding off of his spirit… siphoning it!”“The hunger inside you… it wakes.” Okku closed his golden eyes, a certain despair in his words as he saw the scarlet tendrils of power emerging from the Doomguide’s torso and beginning to wrap themselves lazily around his limbs.

“What is this?!” Rhaine cried, bringing all of her willpower to bear to fight it and desperately trying to maintain what control she had left. It was as if someone else had taken over her body, compelling whatever it was inside her to feed off of Okku’s life force. She twisted her body midair, thrashing her arms and legs about but to no avail.“Emptiness,” the bear god replied sadly, “Forgive me. I tried to stop you.”Not again. She would not be this animalistic thing… she would not be controlled like this!With a ferocious scream of rage, agony, and defiance, Rhaine willed herself to return to her feet, forcing the twisting hunger back inside of her and shutting off the flow of energy from Okku as if slamming a door. Doubling over with the sheer effort, she fell to her knees with her arms wrapped around her torso, as if she could physically hold back the beast inside her. Tears spilled freely down her cheeks from both the pain and the energy she had just expended as she gasped in anguish.Touch of Death fell from her hand as she became a sobbing ball of pain upon the road. But she had stopped the power from consuming Okku, and that was all that mattered.“Did you just… rein in an attack?” Gann spoke from behind her, his tone one of awe. “I felt the hunger ripple through the spirits, and then it was chained… caged.”“You spared me, little one.” She could see Okku looking at her with shining eyes through her tear-blurred vision, an element of surprise in his voice. “Once before, a spirit-eater spared my life.”Rhaine hiccupped, her own eyes widening as she met his gaze. “What… what did you just call me?”“A spirit-eater,” Okku repeated gently. “You are cursed, little one, with a terrible hunger for my kind. I knew that when I saw you in the barrow. Nakata must have known it, too.”“A curse?” The Doomguide slowly regained her composure, straightening as she picked up her sword and eased back to her feet, though her face was yet contorted in an expression of both pain and disbelief. “But, where did it come from?”Okku, too, rose to his feet again. “I do not know where it originated, or how it came to fall upon your shoulders. Your question reaches back to when I was still alive. It is like asking the river to remember the snow from which it was born.“And I recall little about the curse itself… only the one I knew who bore it. I remember a lake of groaning ice, a man standing over me in triumph, and a hunger withheld in mercy. For this, I offered to help him end his curse, and allowed him to share my grave…” The bear spirit trailed, as if his memory was failing him. “It eventually devoured him from within. And it will do the same to you, little friend.“I made a simple oath, but I must have failed,” he said finally, looking up at her. “That the curse is upon you now is a mark of my shame. As such, my oath will extend to you as well, little one… if you will have me.” “I… I would welcome your aid, and your friendship, Okku,” Rhaine panted, curling her free arm about her torso as she still ached with a deep and ravenous agony. “I never wanted to be your enemy.”“Good. Then we will see what we can do to end this curse, flesh and fur together. Until such time as I return to my barrow and my vow is kept, these spirits will have no king – no one worthy of the title. Let them go back to their dreaming.”The remaining spirits of his army then faded from sight, as if they had never been, leaving the meadow before Mulsantir strangely quiet and empty. Almost peaceful.Gannayev leaned on his spear. “So, Old King Bear deigns to travel with us? We are blessed, indeed. Even though I am already here, one more legend will make pleasant company.”“Hmph,” Okku grunted. “Do not make me regret sparing you during our battle, hagspawn.”“Now, now, Old King Bear,” Gann cast a wry smile Rhaine’s way, “let us show some respect to our cursed and strikingly beautiful ally. She is a spirit-eater, it seems – which bodes ill events to come. For spirit-eaters must feed…” he trailed, his expression turning solemn, “or they die.”A moment of panic clutched at Rhaine’s heart as Gann said this, and she opened her mouth to speak, but no voice came out.“We’re drawing a crowd at the gate,” Safiya whispered. “As much as I hate to say it, I think we should go to the Witches for advice.”She and Gann then looped their arms behind the Doomguide’s back to physically support her as she turned back for the city and began slowly walking towards the gates, feeling weaker than ever. As they gradually approached, Kaelyn and Okku bringing up the rear, the townsfolk could be heard chattering amongst themselves like magpies.“…she’s cursed…”“…the spirit-eater…”“…just like the old tales…”The berserkers opened the gates for them, but Rhaine thought it was more out of deference to Okku than for her, as they ran from her with fear in their eyes as soon as she neared. Others of them even cursed her, spitting at her feet with hard expressions. As she looked around, she glimpsed Brother Darovik upon a nearby parapet.His was the only expression of pity.------------------------------------------------------“Monster! What did I tell you, Sheva! I smelled it on her at the theatre.”They stood in the outdoor temple on the highest point of Mulsantir, magnificent wooden statues of the goddesses Chauntea, Mielikki, and Mystra looking down upon them with elegantly-carved visages. Sheva approached Rhaine, grave concern in her eyes, though her mask hid her expression.“When you came to this city, stranger,” the eldest Witch asked quietly, “did you know what you were?”Rhaine was still quite shaken from her recent experience, her mind awhirl with frantic thoughts and her body weak, and so it took her a moment to answer. “I… I could not put a name to my affliction, no. But I felt the hunger before then, in Okku’s barrow.”“Then you should have taken a stone and crushed your skull at once!” Kazimika shrieked. “You curse us all with your presence and even have enslaved the bear king, it seems!”“She has done no such thing,” Okku growled. “I swore an oath to the spirit eater before her – a man who spared my life, as she has done – to end this blight upon the land. I failed, and so my vow now belongs to her.”“Truly?” the dark-headed Witch quipped. “Your memories have faded like a summer storm, and-”“Speak to my ally with respect, Witch,” Rhaine snapped. “He is a spirit you claim to serve.”Okku looked upon Kazimika with a piercing gaze. “I remember the prayers of a dockside waif, before she donned her mask… that the spirits would make her pretty, so the sailors would whistle at her… perhaps even pay for her company…”“These are lies, Sheva! The monster has cor-”“Silence, Kazimika!” the silver-haired Witch barked, before bowing to Okku. “My apologies, Lord Okku. My sister forgets herself. It is not our place to question the mind of a god. As for you, spirit-eater,” she inclined her head to Rhaine, “I am sure you have questions. Ask them, and I shall answer.”Rhaine hesitated, thinking. “So… what is a spirit-eater, exactly? Other than the obvious, of course.”Sheva paused. “It is hard to say. No spirit-eater has existed in the lifetime of anyone who walks the land today. They were always legends, stories – the boogeymen of children’s tales. And all were rumored to have died because of their curse… their hunger eventually turned against them and devoured them from within.”“Is there a cure?” the Doomguide asked.The Witch shook her head. “I do not know. And it is not something that we would know. That information can only lie with those who have dealt frequently with your kind… spirits, not mortals.”“My sister speaks of the Wood Man,” Kazimika added, apparently willing to offer something other than barbed commentary for once. “The spirit of the Ashenwood, to the north. He has dealt with your kind before, and he has laid them all low.”“Then if he has destroyed them,” Rhaine inquired skeptically, “why would he help me?”“There is no guarantee that he will, for all your good intentions,” Sheva replied. “But if you seek answers, it is to the Ashenwood you must go. There is an outpost nearby, on the shores of Lake Ashane, headed by our sister Dalenka. She will be able to direct you to the Wood Man. Seek out our shipwright, Vaszil, here in Mulsantir, and he will prepare a boat for you… just tell him I sent you.”“And what of Magda?” The Doomguide inquired. “You said you would keep her until the spirit army was dispersed.”“She has been released back to The Veil along with her colleagues,” Sheva answered with a dip of her head. “You may speak with her, if you so choose.”Rhaine nodded her gratitude. “Thank you.”Sheva offered her own slight smile in response. “Go, now. I pray that you will find the answers you seek in the Ashenwood. But I fear that you will not return.”

Father Dunstan’s hands trembled as he read the letter again.

We received your letter regarding the Knight-Captain of Crossroad Keep. It is our understanding that Lady Rhaine Alcinea went missing shortly after the collapse of Merdelain, where the corpses of two of her companions were recovered. Unfortunately, an extensive search of the area is not possible due to the shortage of troops and budget constraints. Therefore, it is our deepest regret to inform you that after so many days of her missing in action, with no evidence of her survival, the Knight-Captain has been pronounced dead. We are truly sorry to be the bearers of such news.

Our sincerest condolences,

Sir Nevalle of the Neverwinter Nine, right hand of Lord Nasher AlagondarNo. It wasn’t true. It couldn’t be true. If she was dead, he would know it.He stood abruptly, tossing the letter into the fireplace, where he watched the flames slowly eat the thick parchment and elegant scrawl. His brow furrowed. The lack of evidence of her survival did not mean that she was dead. The only way he would believe she had died was if he saw her corpse with his own eyes.Dunstan swept from the room, his strides purposeful as he maneuvered through the marbled halls of the temple. He did not meet the eyes of the other priests as he passed them, delivering the clear message that he was not in the mood for conversation. Quickly crossing the nave, he made his way into the West Chapel and locked the door behind him.For a moment, he merely stood there, letting out a shaky breath. This was the Chapel where she had been accepted as a Doomguide two years ago – the cushion she had sat upon… the altar she had knelt before. Dunstan’s eyes pricked with hot tears as he remembered her elation. She had been filled with so much pride that day, and he was so proud for her. Kelemvor himself seemed to have much planned for her. Surely her life was meant to be more than a mere twenty-two years?Dunstan slowly moved forward, kneeling upon the cushion and gazing up at the holy symbol upon the wall. He closed his eyes and let his thoughts empty, before casting a prayer to the Lord of the Dead.My lord, please hear me now. Tell me that my beloved Rhaine does not lie in your realm… that she is guided by your capable hands and will return to us, soon…The entire night passed, and there was no answer.------------------------------------------------------Daeghun crouched behind a willow, still as a deer, his eyes locked upon the dark figures combing the ruins. He watched as they pulled something from the rubble, his heart skipping a beat.No. It wasn’t her.The elf peered through the leaves, squinting at the figures’ shields. They were more Luskans, a scouting party sent in recent days… no doubt sifting through the remnants of Merdelain for reasons that would surely cause misery to everyone around them. They had already taken advantage of Neverwinter’s weakened forces to seize Port Llast, and now it was rumored that a constant storm plagued the small town.He continued to hunker behind the tree, unmoving, until the Luskans at last left with their burden, dissolving into the mist of the swamp. Only then, when they were far out of sight, did Daeghun circle the edge of the ruins, a soundless shadow in the night-filled Mere. The ranger carefully picked his way forward, beginning what would be a third search of the rubble in the past tenday.After half the night had passed, he ceased his hunt. Sitting wearily on a damp fragment of crumbling wall, he reached into his satchel and pulled out his only find of worth. It was her cloak – her beautiful blue cloak that marked her as a knight of Neverwinter, the fine fabric shredded and stained purple with blood.He pressed it to his face and began to weep.------------------------------------------------------Gann, Safiya, and Kaelyn sat together at The Sloop, a map spread between them, their now full packs on the floor at their feet, ready for the week-long journey to the Ashenwood. Okku rested nearby, watching them with intense golden eyes, his presence deterring any gawkers or troublemakers. Rhaine had declined to join her companions, thoroughly exhausted after her earlier experience and wishing to be alone. Thus, they continued their planning without her, speaking in hushed voices so as not to disturb her – or clue any other patrons in to their business.“So,” Gannayev looked to Safiya, “visiting Magda is obviously our first move. If we can find out how Rhaine got here, then perhaps we will know how she obtained her curse to begin with.”The Red Wizard nodded her agreement. “Yes. I’m certain Lienna would have a confidante amongst her players. Magda seems like the most logical choice, as the obvious leader of their troupe.”“Then after we visit the dwarf woman, what do we do?”At that, Safiya sighed. “As far as I know, the spirit-eater curse is entirely Rashemi in origin. And it has never left the bounds of these lands. If we are to find out more about where the spirit-eater came from and how it functions, we need to access local lore on the subject… which could prove difficult, as Rashemi legends are passed down by word of mouth. The only reason I know anything about it is because a few traveling scholars wrote it down for curiosity’s sake.”“Rhaine will not like this suggestion,” Kaelyn interjected, “but if we are to know more about a local problem, we must investigate a local archive. Myrkul’s Vault is the only place I know of nearby that houses lore old enough to be contemporary with the origin of the spirit-eater. Perhaps the old priests of the dead kept records of such a curse; it is, after all, inextricably tied to souls and their energies.”“Agreed,” Safiya replied. “Rhaine may have to step outside the bounds of her faith if she wishes to cure herself – which I’m sure she does.”“Better to ask forgiveness than permission?” Gann remarked with a smirk.“Forgiveness is a difficult thing for the gods to grant,” Kaelyn added, “and Kelemvor is not known for his mercy regarding trespasses. If she fears for her soul strongly enough, she will have to choose another god’s calling to avoid his full wrath.”“Petty ‘gods’ and their games of faith,” the spirit shaman snorted. “The fact that you people can flit from god to god without retribution is a testament to their insignificance.”“Hmph,” Okku rumbled lowly. “Your sharp tongue is going to be your downfall, hagspawn.”“Enough!” Safiya snapped. “We’re here to discuss what to do about Rhaine’s curse, not debate matters of faith. Now, is there anything else we need to handle in Mulsantir before we head to the Ashenwood?”“I think we’ve covered anything we can do here,” Kaelyn answered. “I feel certain that most of our answers are going to lay outside the city walls. This will not be good for Rhaine – she already suffers greatly, and travel will only make her condition worse.”“It also seems that she does not want her hunger to control her,” Okku added pointedly. “A noble goal, but one that will drive her faster towards her grave.”The companions fell into silence, then. It seemed they had all found themselves wrapped up in a situation bigger than they had at first anticipated – more important than their own individual goals. None of them wished to see Rhaine consumed by this horrible curse, and yet all of them feared that she would be.------------------------------------------------------She sat on her bed with her knees up, arms curled around her legs.Disgust consumed her.Her stomach had become extremely sensitive as of late, and as the scent of the inn’s greasy food came wafting into her room, she retched a few times – nothing more than violent, dry heaves, however, as she had not eaten enough within the past day to properly vomit.Rhaine had to resist the urge to shatter the already cracked mirror on the wall, the distorted glass that mercilessly reflected her sick features back at her. She looked like a half-dead thing… an undead monstrosity. It was oddly fitting, considering the conclusions she had come to within the past few hours.Kazimika was right. She was an abomination – a being that drew energy from “feeding” off of the spirits of others. In short, it was a necromantic existence. And furthermore, by allowing herself to succumb to the curse in the barrow, devouring the wolf spirit Nakata, she had performed such necromancy… an act akin to spiritual vampirism.And thus, she had broken one of the strictest tenets of her faith. It did not matter whether she did so intentionally or not.Not only that, but she had also forcefully entered Myrkul’s Vault – forbidden to those of the Kelemvorite faith, as it was both the holy ground of a displaced predecessor and a resting place for ancient priests.And again, she had broken a tenet.Now, she was faced with a forked trail. One path was that of suppression – to refuse to devour another spirit and waste away into nothingness, allowing the hunger to consume her instead. The other path was that of submission – to allow herself to devour spirits on a regular basis to satisfy the ravening presence within her… a route that would increase her craving exponentially until she was nothing but a walking void. And the hunger would consume her anyway.Two roads, both leading to death… both paved with damnable acts.Trust in Kelemvor… and never lose faith in yourself…Even now, Father Gerard’s dying words echoed in her mind.As Rhaine stared at the wall before her and clutched her cold holy amulet so tightly it marked her palm, eyes burning with tears, she made up her mind.She would blaze her own trail. She would not let the hunger control her. She would control it. If she was doomed to be a devourer of spirits, then she would decide what to consume… and when to consume it. And above all, whatever it took to find her answers, she would have revenge on the one who did this to her – on the one who created such an abominable parasite – if it was the last thing she did.

“So, what’s it like being the spirit-eater of Rashemi legend?”Rhaine cast Safiya an astonished look as she tightened the buckles of her breastplate the following morning, a look that quickly morphed into one of slight irritation. “What do you think? I have a soul-eating parasite living inside of me. It’s torturous… painful… maddening.”The Red Wizard merely shrugged in response, tying her rope belt around her waist. “I only ask because I recall reading passages about the Rashemi spirit-eater in some of the Academy’s texts. When you’ve read about a legend on parchment, it’s always fascinating to meet that legend in the flesh.”“Did those texts mention a cure?”She sighed, her movements halting for a moment. “Sadly, no. All previous bearers of the curse were said to have gone insane… and died. Rather quickly.”The Doomguide felt another twinge of fear twist deep in her gut – oddly more powerful than the persistent hunger for spirits that had finally abated somewhat in strength, yet still writhed slowly within her just enough to remind her of its presence. Yet she forced herself to remain outwardly indifferent. “No matter. Just because one hasn’t been found yet doesn’t mean it is nonexistent.”As Kaji alighted on her shoulder, the wizardess gave her a small smile and pulled up her hood. “Perhaps your optimism is a sign that the curse isn’t as dire as tales tell.”A few moments of silence followed while Rhaine double-checked her supplies and her armor, before Kaji piped up in his raspy voice, “So… if you’re a spirit-eater, what do spirits taste like?”Rhaine stopped mid-movement, simply staring at the little homunculus for a breath or two. He did nothing but blink twice in return, indicating that he was quite serious about his inquiry. Straightening, she began hesitantly, “Er… Kaji, I don’t exactly eat spirits – not literally, like one would eat food. It’s more like power absorption.”The beady black eyes blinked again.“Ah… that is to say, they don’t have a taste at all.”At that, his little face crinkled in evident disappointment. “Blech! Where’s the fun in that?”The Doomguide, even in the depths of her misery, couldn’t help but laugh – a weak chuckle at first, but it soon grew into full-blown laughter. Safiya’s smile widened, too. It was then Rhaine knew that with such friends and companions at her side to distract her from her troubles, she would last much longer than she would have if she were alone.------------------------------------------------------The actors of The Veil had been returned to their theatre as the Witches promised. They were very happy to see Rhaine return, and Magda rewarded her for saving their lives with a special mask that she said Lienna had found long ago – a legendary Mask of Persuasion. Rumor had it that these black velvet masks were created by the drow god Vhaeraun to aid his followers in infiltration. No doubt it would prove useful to the Doomguide in situations that called for a more diplomatic approach.Afterwards, Rhaine inquired after Lienna herself, and she learned that, shortly before the matron had died, she had met with a red-clad woman… a lady who could almost pass as her twin in physical appearance. From Magda’s descriptions of this strange woman – including her bald pate and scarlet robes – she sounded for all the world like a Red Wizard. Naturally, Safiya was greatly intrigued by this information, and she wondered if this woman was from her Academy, as that would sufficiently explain Lienna’s connections with her mother.The Doomguide also learned that Lienna had been spotted covered in blood a few days before Rhaine had arrived. This, coupled with the memory she had experienced in the Shadow Veil, convinced her that it was indeed Lienna who had taken the shard from her chest… alongside this mysterious aforementioned “red woman.”Rhaine pressed Magda for more, but the dwarf knew little else to tell her. The dwarf only recalled that she had seen her and Lienna conversing before in a secret room just off of the shadow library. Magda then gave Rhaine the key to this room, hoping that the Doomguide would find her answers there and wishing her well on her quest.------------------------------------------------------Rhaine was not eager to return to the Plane of Shadow, and a chill racked her spine as she stepped into the Shadow Veil once more. Magda’s key clutched tightly in hand, she followed the dwarf woman’s directions to a locked door on the library’s left wall. Inserting the key and twisting, the door came open with a loud creak that made them each wince and hope some distant foe had not heard it.Before them was a large room full of portals lining the walls. All of them appeared to be deactivated, however, the stone arches that served as doorways to other places – perhaps even other planes of existence – devoid of any shimmering passageways.“Hmm,” Okku rumbled beside her, his form glowing brightly despite the effects of the plane. “Smell that? There is blood upon the floor here.”She glanced downwards, and there was indeed a dried blood trail leading to one of the empty portals. Rhaine couldn’t help but think of Lienna and the red woman again, a phantom pain panging in her chest at the memory of them. She was sure they were the ones who had strapped her down and taken the shard from her… but why? And from the description of the woman in red, it truly seemed as though Lienna had been in league with a Thayan wizard, perhaps even from Safiya’s Academy.What did it all mean?They continued forward cautiously until they saw a gigantic figure standing in a shadowed alcove, whereupon they halted in their tracks until they realized it was not a foe. It was a clay golem, at least fifteen feet high, its form so old that it was crumbling to dust. It stood, eyeless, looking straight ahead, seemingly oblivious to their presence.“These portals,” Kaelyn murmured. “Someone went to great lengths to keep them hidden. And they are all sealed. For now. Take care… I sense some were intended to remain that way.”Rhaine nodded in acknowledgement of the celestial’s warning, carefully approaching the clay golem instead of the archways. “Safiya, can you provide any insight about this creature?”The wizardess grinned as the Doomguide glanced back at her, nearing the golem herself to examine it more closely. “I can. This golem is likely bound to the portals around the room… tasked with keeping them sealed. Its energy is almost depleted, however, and it seems as if its spirit core is in poor condition. But… perhaps you could use your… ability… to reawaken it somehow?”The Doomguide frowned, placing a hand on the crumbling clay that seemed utterly lifeless. Even with what Safiya called a “spirit core” inside it, it aroused no hunger at all to be in such close proximity to the golem, so weak were the energies within. She closed her eyes.If she focused hard enough, she could feel the spirit-eater inside her in full, yet pulsing with the energy it had consumed before. Energy from Nakata. She frowned, reaching deeper with her mind, and it seemed to answer to her prodding, twisting sickeningly in response. Could she call it forth again, but for a different purpose? Could she somehow get that devouring beast imprisoned inside her to release its stolen energy voluntarily?Thankful her companions remained silent so as not to interrupt her focus, she stepped back a bit and relaxed her mind to the presence, letting it bubble up from that suppressed state. But before it could become too strong, she gave it a mental push, and subtly… gently… coaxed a reversal of energy from herself to the golem. Her eyes remained squeezed tightly shut, and so she did not see what happened, but she felt a thread of power latch onto the golem before her, some of it escaping the beast inside.“Rhaine, look!”Safiya’s voice caused the Doomguide’s eyelids to finally snap open again, and she was astonished to see the golem before her rumbling to life with hardly any strength lost on her part.Perhaps she could control this thing better than she thought…“Visitors are waiting at the First Door,” the golem spoke flatly, voice cracked and deep.Rhaine hesitated, steeling herself. “Very well… open the First Door.”“The seals are withdrawn. The way is opened.”A noise behind them made them each whirl, hands on their weapons. Stepping through one of the now-open portals were three gargoyles, their eyes glowing bright red even upon the black and white plane.“We are trapped, my brothers, snared!” one of them exclaimed with a hiss as Rhaine moved to investigate.“Please, do not harm us, good mistress!” Another cowered before her, falling to his knees. “We only did as we were told!”“Wait, wait, wait, calm down!” The Doomguide held up her hands, glancing between the three creatures. “I don’t have the slightest idea what you’re talking about.”“She doesn’t know?” the third gargoyle rasped incredulously. “Did she ever know? Or perhaps she doesn’t remember…?”“We were the ones who bore you away from the place of shadows and darkness,” the first explained.Rhaine’s eyes widened, her mind reeling as she put two and two together. “You… you carried me from Merdelain?”“Yes!” the second replied with an emphatic nod of his horned head. “We saved you, good mistress! Saved you whilst your companions were crushed beneath rock and rune. The same would have happened to you, had we not been there!”“And the three of you brought me here? To this plane?”“Under orders of our white lady, yes,” the third replied. “We were slaves, only doing her bidding. We knew not what would happen when we brought you to her.”The Doomguide felt her heart pounding in her throat. “And what exactly happened?”“She and her red twin… they took the silver blade from your hands and the silver shard from your chest, and they told us to carry you again, to another place that we feared. Feared, didn’t we, my brothers? And we didn’t know what it was that we feared, only that it was hungry… and it did not want us, it wanted you.”Rhaine heard Okku rumble again beside her, while her own mouth fell open in realization.“Perhaps our lady knew this,” the second observed. “She chose our forms well.”At that, the Doomguide shook her head back and forth as if to clear it. “So, Lienna and her red-robed friend told you to put me in the Cavern of Runes at the bottom of Okku’s barrow? Why?”“We do not know, good mistress!” the third gargoyle whined. “We are only slaves, not privy to the reasoning of our lady and her twin.”“Though we do know who planted the seed that grew into their scheme,” the first added slowly, his rocky mouth spreading into a wicked grin. “But we shall only tell you if you promise not to harm us, and let us go free.”Rhaine paused for a moment, her lips pressing together as she considered the request, but then ultimately shrugged. “I see no reason to harm you… yet. Go ahead.”“It was the nine hags,” he replied with a nod. “The Slumbering Coven that dwells in the city buried in the shore of Lake Mulsantir, to the east. The white and red twins visited them, and when they returned, they hatched their plan.”“That circle of hags is involved?” Gann commented thoughtfully behind her. “That is… strange. I have dreamt of the city beneath the waves. I would like to go with you to this place, Rhaine, if you plan to follow up on this lead.”“Now that we have told you,” the first gargoyle stepped forward, “let us have Lienna’s body, so that we may ransom it to her red sister for our freedom!”At that, Rhaine took a breath and shook her head. “I can’t do that… Lienna burned herself to ash.”“And how are we supposed to exact revenge, then?” the second growled angrily. “We were used, trodden upon… we want to break her shiny masks! Perhaps it is but a lie… perhaps you are a servant of the foul twins as well?” He crouched, then, claws lifted as if to attack the Doomguide.“Wait! You forget the terms of our deal,” Rhaine interjected, holding her hand aloft even as the other tightened upon Touch of Death’s hilt. “You told me information… I allowed you to walk free. That is all.”The third gargoyle held his arm in front of the second to stop him. “She is right. We have worn these evil masks for far too long. We are starting to become them.” He then bowed. “We will go now, good mistress. Fare thee well.”The Doomguide then watched as the gargoyles turned and promptly departed precisely the way they had come, vanishing through the portal, the archway sealing behind them with a snap.“Those weren’t mere gargoyles,” Safiya remarked after a moment, voice musing in the ensuing quiet. “Those were people who had been transmuted into beasts. No small feat, that. Lienna had to have known as much magic as her wizard twin.”“So,” Gannayev added, “that adds another place to our list of destinations. And as long as we continue to gain leads, we’ll be making progress.”“Myrkul’s Vault, Ashenwood, then the Slumbering Coven,” Kaelyn shifted from one foot to the other. “The only problem is how far apart these locations are.”“Ashenwood is about seven days to the north,” Safiya remarked, pulling her map from her pack to double-check her calculations. “It will be a seven day return trip, and then three or four more days to Lake Mulsantir on top of that.”“Hmm,” Okku growled. “That does not bode well for the little one. She will have a hard time suppressing her hunger for that long.”“The ‘little one’ can handle her hunger on her own,” Rhaine quipped sharply, “and she does not appreciate being talked about as if she isn’t present. Now, if we’re done standing around discussing it, let’s get moving. It is evident we’ve got a lot of ground to cover, and with precious little time to waste throwing guesses at my future condition.”They followed the Doomguide from the shadow theatre in utter silence after that.

With an involuntary shudder, Rhaine once again entered Myrkul’s Vault, despite every warning sounding in her mind and the hairs standing up on the back of her neck. Once within, she glanced in Kaelyn’s direction, and it was then she noticed that the half-celestial’s black eyes were highly reflective, shimmering as they looked around the dimly lit entrance hall. A question formed in her mind at such a sight, but she was hesitant to ask it. Kaelyn’s “purpose” within the Vault still unnerved her a bit, and Rhaine was reluctant to form any sort of personal relationship with her, as exchanging such casual questions often would. Nevertheless, Kaelyn had stood beside her against Okku, defending her and her other companions as promised. So, she was trustworthy at least in that regard, and if she was going to help Rhaine find a cure for her curse, it would behoove the Doomguide to attempt to break down the barriers of mistrust… despite their religious, and perhaps moral, differences.“Kaelyn, your eyes are very unusual,” she finally remarked, her voice quiet in the empty hall. The half-celestial, blinking a few times before smiling slightly, seemed rather surprised at her statement.“I noticed that,” Gann added behind her, “they are like mirrors in which I may admire myself without the need for a looking glass.”At that, Kaelyn’s brow furrowed at him. “I see.”The hagspawn grinned, tossing his hair out of his eyes with some panache. “I hope you can, with eyes like that. Feel free to study me at length… I am used to such attention.”Rhaine snorted. “You might want to step back a bit for that, Kaelyn. His ego alone could fill a castle.”“Such fire to your words! They burn me!” Gann replied, dramatically putting a hand to his armored chest. “Quick! Get the priestess to fan me with her wings.”“Are you making light of me?” Kaelyn looked even more perplexed at his words, blinking at him, and Rhaine suddenly realized that the half-angel must have been startlingly naïve…“I would never do such a thing,” Gannayev answered, his tone laced with sarcasm, “although, with eyes like yours, do you even know what light is?”Kaelyn sighed heavily, shaking her head. “You are strange, Gann-of-Dreams. There is much about your heritage that is evident in your behavior.”“Hmm,” Gann mused in response, leaning on his spear, “I am curious as to what this ebony-eyed creature of Celestia sees in one such as I. Do go on, priestess.”“Very well. I see that your feet find dirt and sand uncomfortable,” Kaelyn began slowly, her gaze looking him up and down, “as if you are used to walking in dreams, not on earth. You toss words like a wind around you, in hopes that their flood will deflect questions and prevent you from being seen for what you really are. You are hurt, Gannayev-of-Dreams, and that pain drives you to hurt others, for you have been taught that that is the wheel that turns the world.”Rhaine raised her eyebrows at that. It was so strange; Kaelyn seemed to be full of contradictions – inexperienced and yet insightful… faithful and yet critical of the gods… a celestial banished to the mortal planes.Gann, on the other hand, practically squirmed in his own skin, his smile faltering a bit. “Ah… I think your faith may have led you astray, priestess. Your eyes do not see as clearly as I thought they would. But, no matter – no doubt my colors would blind you, even on this bleak plane.”“Spectra of color are something I know only from text, not experience,” Kaelyn replied. “My eyes do not perceive color as yours do… only black, white, and little else. My grandfather once told me it was something that my faith had chosen, not my heritage. I would not call it blindness, but I see the world a little differently, yes.”There was a pause, and Rhaine looked around the entrance hall once again, admittedly a bit surprised at the emptiness of the place. After a moment, she asked, “How much do you know about this Vault?”“Little,” Kaelyn answered with another sigh, turning back towards the obsidian door in the distance. “This place was, as you probably have guessed, chosen for its secrecy. Almost all mention of the Vault was wiped from records on the Prime, if not by the Myrkulites themselves, then by the Cyricists and Kelemvorites who followed. Most of Myrkul’s strength lay here in the latter days of his reign, and it is said there are great treasures hoarded within these walls, both material wealth and knowledge. Enemies of the faith were also imprisoned here. It is rumored that there is a crematorium that was once used for those who had passed on to the City of Judgment… or for those who needed to be silenced.”An eerie pall hung between them for a moment before Rhaine finally spoke again, “And how far have you explored here?”Kaelyn shook her head. “Not far at all. Supposedly, undead priests guard the wings of the first level, and I have been reluctant to alert them to my presence. Nevertheless, I believe the key to the lower vaults lies in one of these wings, and we will need it if we are to find the most ancient of Myrkul’s texts.”The Doomguide nodded grimly, steeling herself and tightening her grip on Touch of Death. “All right. Let’s go.”They proceeded cautiously through the entrance hall, then, at the end of which, once again, stood the inoperable black gate. However, to the left lay an open doorway, almost beckoning to her like some terrible invitation to her doom. Rhaine felt her hackles rise again as she approached it, and her free hand went to her amulet despite its unresponsiveness. There were undead here… powerful and in great numbers.Entering into a small library beyond, they found it to be empty of everything save ancient remnants of artifacts and books. There was no movement, no sound – nothing.Suddenly, as if tired of caution, Gann strode forward with an almost idiotic boldness, his voice ringing on the stones. “There is nothing to fear here, see? It’s just the dust and mold of a dead, false faith… one more sign that your gods are nothing more than-”There was a cacophony of groans, and from tombs, which had been set into the walls behind them, rose three mummified priests – undead who could not be Turned. Okku, emitting a threatening growl, positioned himself between the undead and his companions. Kaelyn and Rhaine, both calling upon a Hammer of the Gods to smite the ancient mummies, immediately began their divine invocations. Kaji hid himself in Safiya’s hood as his mistress summoned an animated sword to help even the odds. Even Gann stood slack-jawed for a moment before snapping out of his shock and calling his own water elemental to their aid. At that same moment, the bright bursts of divine light from the two holy casters’ spells slammed into the undead, ripping holes in their decaying forms.Nevertheless, the mummies cast powerful shields upon themselves, magic shimmering around them. They advanced fearlessly – albeit slowly – noxious dust rising in plumes from their rotting wrappings. As Okku and the summonings distracted the undead in melee, the four casters continued to pummel the mummies with spells, Safiya attempting to strip them of their erected defenses. The companions held their breath as much as possible as they realized that the gases from the mummified priests were a weapon in and of themselves… ridden with disease and life-draining energies.At last, one of Rhaine’s Flame Strikes managed to pierce a mummy’s magical bubble, and the thing went up like a matchstick, consumed to ash in seconds. At the same time, Safiya finally dispelled the defenses of another, and her animated sword beheaded it in a single swift slash. Okku knocked the third to the ground, and with Kaelyn’s aid, tore its desiccated body apart.For a moment, they simply stood there, catching their breath. Then, after a few seconds, Gann vomited, the toxic gas of the mummies having finally gotten to him. Rhaine quickly moved over to him and cast a restoration spell, purging his body of the negative energies and eliminating any disease that might have taken root within him. As she did so, Kaelyn saw to Okku’s wounds. The bear spirit, of course, did not bleed, but his form had been distorted and “torn” by the mummies’ powerful blows.After a few moments, the Bear King cocked his head at Gannayev, his golden eyes glowing brightly in the gloom. “What was that about gods, hagspawn?”Gann wiped his mouth with the back of his hand, but said nothing, his face unusually devoid of any smirk.Once her comrades were tended to, Rhaine looked around the library, keeping her sword at the ready in case any more of Myrkul’s servants decided to reveal themselves. The Doomguide peered at the bookshelves, which appeared to be covered in sheets of falling water. However, when she reached a hand towards them, the water was a solid barrier – completely impenetrable. The shelves had been magically warded so that none could take the ancient tomes from their final resting places. Sighing in frustration, Rhaine turned around to inform her companions of this fact… and then her eyes narrowed.“Do you hear that?”She had thought she heard an odd noise, and when she strained her ears to focus upon it, she found that it was like the sound of dozens of quills scratching away at parchment.Kaelyn and Safiya both nodded silently, gripping their weapons tight in their hands.Glancing around, Rhaine noticed that, all along the walls, platforms were set intermittently between the bookshelves. Upon these platforms rested gigantic open books, their text visible but entirely unreadable, and in the center of the room stood a gong.The Doomguide began walking towards that gong, and the scratching sound grew louder. The hunger twisted within her, and she suddenly realized that spirits were here, invisible amongst them. Following a hunch, she took the mallet beside the gong and struck its brass surface, dust flying from the surface in a great plume upon impact. The sound of it echoed throughout the upper level of the Vault, and a rush of wind blew through the room.There, scribbling frantically away at each open book around the library, were spirits of the priests of Myrkul, bound to repeatedly scribe his doctrine for all eternity. Beside her, another spirit materialized, and he looked at her with a quizzical expression on his ethereal face. His incorporeal form was still garbed in its ancient robes that marked him as the chief scribe.“A tale of deception is writ upon your soul, supplicant,” he spoke, his voice a faded whisper. “You are both the deceiver and the deceived. You will not find truth here, but when you see the lies for what they are, you will return to us.”Rhaine regarded him with a puzzled expression. “I am not sure what you mean, spirit. Can you speak plainly?”“I cannot,” the scribe replied simply, half-bowing as if in apology. “My eyes have been trained to read words and discard their meaning. So it has always been with us… and so it shall always be. We record, but we do not remember. Our scribblings are our mind and memory.”“I do not understand,” the Doomguide replied with a slow shake of her head. “Myrkul has long been displaced. Your spirits should have been released to the City of Judgment long ago. Why do you still labor here?”“Our words bind us, supplicant,” the chief scribe answered gravely. “Our souls were graven upon the walls of this Vault, our names engraved into the very foundation of it. When we were replaced, our names would be erased so that we could pass on to the City of Judgment. But a great betrayal was committed here, and we stood by and watched it happen. We were taken by the traitor’s resolve – by his honeyed words and promises. And when it was all ended, we were held to account for our lack of action. The punishment was simple enough in design. We were no longer replaced. Thus, our names would forever remain upon the stones of our god’s Vault… and so would we.”Rhaine was silent for a moment, absorbing his words. She was unsure of whether or not to feel sorry for these spirits, eternally trapped here as they were. Myrkul’s servants, like her own High Father Gerard, were not known for their goodness. In fact, Myrkulites were renowned the world over for the atrocities they committed in their god’s name. Yet, these scribes appeared to be innocent bystanders, with their punishment of eternal undeath hardly fitting the crime. Then again, she knew not the degree of the betrayal committed. She could not pass judgment on something of which she knew almost nothing.“What is stored in this Vault, spirit? Are you allowed to say?” she finally asked.“All that has been recorded in this scriptorium, you will find in the chambers below,” he answered. “Ancient tomes, prisoners, our greatest treasures…”“What kind of tomes?”“Every book concerning our faith. We scribed copies here and sent them below to be archived… and then to be guarded by our mummified remains when our souls departed for the afterlife. Nothing of us was wasted, supplicant. Go there, and you may find even my corpse.”The Doomguide’s brow furrowed. “How do I get there?”He paused for a long moment, and then replied at length, “The High Priest held the key. I do not know his fate. It was not recorded in our ledgers.”At that, Rhaine nodded her understanding, feeling that she should not bother this spirit any further. “Thank you. That is all I wished to know, scribe. Farewell.”“And to you, supplicant.”She could feel the spirits’ eyes on her back as she turned and entered a side room, her companions following in silence. Perhaps somewhere they could find the remains of this High Priest, and with them, his key. Though Rhaine did not relish the thought of taking anything from the dead, she knew she needed to access those ancient records. Surely one of those tomes below would have made mention of the origins of the spirit-eater curse, and once she found it, she would never have to trespass in this Vault again.Unfortunately, all she found in the side chamber was a trio of angry, undead death knights, which took no small effort on all their parts to defeat. One of them bore an iron key, though, and the Doomguide briefly thought that it was the one they needed. Unfortunately, upon returning to the strange black gate, she found that the key required to open the dark portal had to be much bigger than that. The slot was far too large for the small iron key she had obtained.Then, she noticed something she had not seen before – another door, the same color as the wall, on the opposite side of the entrance hall from the scriptorium. It was this door that the key opened, and Rhaine hesitantly walked into yet another room……only for her ears to suddenly be assaulted by high-pitched screaming, like the sound of thousands of ghosts crying out all at once. She clamped her hands to the sides of her head as she stubbornly proceeded further, horrified to find that the room was lined with skeletons… mostly adults, but some those of children. They had been laid atop tables, alongside the walls, and all over the floor so thickly that the companions could not avoid stepping on bones as they went, long-dead limbs crumbling to dust beneath the weight of their boots. This summoned three more mummies to rise as defenders, which were swiftly dispatched in the same manner as before. Once they were down, Rhaine quickly crossed this room into another side chamber, which appeared to be a prison of sorts. It was a long corridor with tiny cells running along the right-hand wall. Thankfully, there were no more mummies to hinder their progress further, and she continued on down this hall into one final chamber.There, at the bottom of a long staircase, was a gargantuan furnace. A multi-armed skeleton had been carved upon its façade, its jaws open in a soundless cry. On either side of the aisle that led to the entrance of this furnace, more skeletons lay in perfect rows. Rhaine’s stomach turned as she slowly descended the staircase and approached the furnace, which seemed to be burning ever brightly even after so many centuries of being left unattended. When she came too near, however, undead rose again to defend the site, the ashen skeletons coming to life with wraiths at their sides.Once the room finally lay still from spell, blade, and Turning, a strange sound echoed throughout the chamber, and another spirit manifested before her. It appeared to be an old man, garbed like the scribes in the robes of a Myrkulite, but his garments were a little more ornate – the High Priest, perhaps? He seemed perplexed upon seeing Rhaine near the incinerator, but then his expression turned to one of rage.“Begone! There is little room left in this crowded furnace. I won’t let you throw yourselves into it and crowd it further!”The Doomguide raised an eyebrow, halting in her tracks. “I have no intention of throwing myself into the furnace.”The puzzled expression returned. “Why else would you be here, standing before Myrkul’s Furnace? Go now, and find some other warmth!”At that moment, the spirit of a little boy abruptly manifested to stand beside the Myrkulite, looking up at him curiously. “What is it, Priest? Another supplicant to join with the Many?”The Priest spirit placed a hand on the child’s shoulder, as if trying to forcibly turn him around, away from Rhaine. “No. It is nothing to concern yourself with, Child. Go back and savor the warmth of the furnace’s flames.”The spirits bantered back and forth for a while, the Child seemingly insistent that Rhaine join with “the Many,” which she assumed to be more spirits trapped within the furnace. However, the old priest would not allow it, and so the Child reluctantly slunk back into the depths of the supernatural flames. The Priest, wanting nothing more than to see Rhaine and her companions simply walk away, crossed his arms and refused to speak to her further.Feeling the niggling hunger within her stirring a bit, having gone strangely dormant before now, Rhaine decided to see if she could use it to analyze the furnace further; perhaps she could prod the souls inside with her power to see what else would emerge – or provoke a reaction out of the Priest. Closing her eyes, she called upon her power to simply probe the contents of the furnace, and to her bewilderment, she was able to sense who and what they were. There were souls of all sorts housed within… mostly those of criminals such as murderers, rapists, and petty thieves. But there were innocent souls among them as well.At that, the Priest’s brow furrowed deeply. “Wait, what are you doing? What are you?”Her suspicion that this action would make the spirit more compliant was confirmed. “I have been afflicted with the curse of the spirit-eater.”“I have a vague recollection of something like that, long ago, when I was still High Priest,” he answered thoughtfully. “Myrkul mistrusted me, especially after what Akachi did…”Heart suddenly galloping in her chest and hoping she was pursuing a viable lead, she inquired, “And what did he do?”“He was the High Priest before me,” the spirit replied. “He betrayed our god, and he was punished severely. I was chosen in his place, as I was one of the few who were far removed from the situation. But Myrkul still did not trust me fully.”“How was this Akachi punished?” she asked.The spirit shook his head. “I do not know. Only, that Myrkul was proud of it – which means it was terrible indeed.”Rhaine paused before continuing, “And just who is in this furnace?”“Besides myself? Criminals of faith,” he said simply. “They first rotted in our prison before being thrown into these fires for cremation.”Her brow furrowed. “Why were you cremated here, then?”He sighed heavily. “I was one of the final High Priests of Myrkul. After our god was slain by Mystra, the Cyricists attacked this Vault. We had barely managed to seal the lower levels when they burst in. They killed all but me, and then they tortured me in an attempt to find a way past the black gate. When I did not relent, they threw me alive into this furnace.”“Ilmater have mercy,” Kaelyn murmured behind her.The Doomguide herself cringed, knowing such actions fit the typical fanatical brutality of the followers of Cyric. “I am sorry. You must have suffered greatly.”At that moment, she found her hunger had shifted somewhat, its focus on something... different. It felt as though she no longer craved the essence of the spirits themselves, but what was binding them to the mortal plane. If she could devour these unnatural tethers, she could set them free… send them to their proper Judgments when she could never have done so before…“Spirit,” she began hesitantly, “I think I can end your suffering if you so desire. I can send you on to the afterlife.”Upon hearing those words, the Priest looked utterly abashed, his arms dropping to his sides in astonishment. “You… you can? I had thought it too much to hope for… especially for the High Priest of a dead god. But please, if you can…” he trailed.She nodded and cleared her thoughts, closing her eyes. “Lost soul, be at peace, and go to the rest that awaits you upon the Fugue.”Rhaine felt the hunger surge forth at the slightest bidding, but instead of latching onto the spirit, it instead ravenously consumed all the invisible negative energies that bound the spirit to the Plane of Shadow. The Doomguide gasped aloud, her eyes snapping open again as the voracious presence was indeed sated by this action, as if she had actually consumed a spirit just like Nakata, and her perpetual weariness was instantly banished. The Priest spirit himself at last disappeared, leaving the space in front of the furnace startlingly empty.At once, the Child reappeared, along with many other faint shades alongside him. Those around the child wailed at a deafening pitch.“I want rest too!”“Please, release me!”The Child, however, stepped forward. “Hold your power, strange one. We both have interests that may be satisfied here. You wish to enter the lower levels, while we wish to be freed from our prison to roam the Vault as we please. The key to the lower levels is in this furnace, hidden by the Priest long ago. You may not reach it as long as the flames burn, and they will burn as long as the spirits are trapped here. Let us pass from this furnace in peace, and you may have your key.”Rhaine’s brow furrowed, her sinking suspicions about the boy having lingered since the moment he had first appeared. She knew what he wanted – knew that the Child was much more than he appeared to be and was not so innocent. His manner of speech alone revealed that much. No doubt he and his “Many” would wreak havoc on the mortal plane if they were allowed to leave their confinement.Shaking her head, she replied at length. “I’ll gladly release you all… but only by granting you the same eternal rest as the Priest.”The Doomguide then focused her spirit-eating powers on the whole of the furnace, her hunger ravaging through the negative energies within, and the flames that roared before her were abruptly snuffed out as though they’d never been. But then, two larger spirits manifested in the place of the boy, formless save for cold, icy blue eyes. The Child had been absorbed into one of these spirits, and its voice rang out in a menacing echo, “You should not have done that. The lesser spirits were released, but the greater ones still remain, and we will rebuild the Many… starting with you!”The powerful spirits attacked, but they were no match for the casters’ combined power and Okku’s magical teeth and claws. At last they fell, and Rhaine approached the furnace grate, the iron strangely cold – like ice even beyond the leather of her gauntlets. She pried it loose with ease and carefully sifted through the ancient ashes of the dead for the key that the High Priest had supposedly hidden there. After a few moments, her fingers at last brushed something metallic, but the item she touched was much larger than she had expected.  She tugged on it, and when she finally saw what it was that she held in her hands, she nearly fell backwards from sheer shock.It was a replica of the Sword of Gith.

Once more, they stood before the black gate.Rhaine looked up and down the fifteen-foot door, her eyes following the dizzyingly intricate patterns of its surface. It appeared to be crafted of etched obsidian, though sections of other stone such as black shale and marble were also present. Panels of the varied materials fit together seamlessly, creating a brilliantly smooth doorway in the shape of a pointed arch. The only opening was a vertical slot at roughly chest-level. As she continued to examine it, the Doomguide began to see tiny runes that were carved all around the gate’s frame.“Safiya,” she began, running her hands gently over the etchings. “These runes are familiar to me, but I cannot recall their meaning. Do you know anything about them?”The Red Wizard stepped beside Rhaine, peering at the divine symbols. “Hmm. They are familiar to me as well, but the meaning is… complicated. I’m tempted to say that they were scribed once and then altered to distort their function. In their original state, they would actually have the power to unmake reality itself. However, the runes appear to be deliberately reversed, rendering them completely inert.”A puzzle indeed – a deliberate reversal of an incredibly powerful enchantment. Thus, the Doomguide wondered why they had even been scribed in the first place. She did not think for one minute, though, that they were intended to be nothing more than harmless and useless decoration. No, in the Death God’s Vault, there was a point to everything…It was obvious now that the Sword of Gith replica was meant to be placed in the slot on the door, functioning as the key she needed to proceed further. Hesitantly, she lifted the silver blade and slid it into the vertical opening. With a strange, sickening sound, the blade was abruptly drawn inward into the gate itself, vanishing from sight, and the black door swung open, revealing a steep descent into the Lower Vaults.They cautiously descended the staircase, then, noticing that the next level was very dimly lit. The companions entered a foyer, off of which sprang corridors leading to other chambers. Two of these hallways were barred by locked doors, but one was open. Moving into the open corridor, Safiya suddenly grabbed Rhaine’s arm and pointed to the right. “There! The sign above that door… that’s the archives.”The Doomguide eagerly strode forward and tugged on the door, but to no avail. Unfortunately, it too had been locked.She glanced back. “Kaji? Can you spring this for me?”“Sure!” The homunculus jumped from Safiya’s shoulder and hovered over to the lock, inserting his tiny hands into the keyhole to manipulate the tumblrs with his fingers. After a few seconds of fiddling, he muttered quietly, “Trapped, too.” Kaji then spent several more minutes feeling around the lock before finally announcing, “All done!”The door immediately opened, and three more mummified priests waited for them beyond. Kaji zoomed behind Safiya’s shoulder while the others advanced, quickly taking down the undead guardians with their spells now that they knew their weaknesses.But, to the Doomguide’s dismay – and almost despair – the bookshelves in these archives were warded just like the ones on the upper level, protected by that same water-like barrier.“Hrast!” Rhaine cursed. “Can’t this be dispelled at all?”“No,” Kaelyn replied, gently touching one of the barriers. “This is a divine ward, likely put in place at the moment of Myrkul’s death. It has been created by godly words of power, and such words cannot be easily reversed.”“Rhaine! Over here!” Safiya suddenly called from the right side of the archives.The Doomguide hurried over and found the wizardess bent over a marble table. There, resting upon the table’s intricately-carved surface, was a single scroll that had escaped the divine warding. It was centuries-old and badly damaged, but some parts of it were still readable. Rhaine squinted at the lettering. The scroll appeared to have been written in the celestial alphabet, but the words were alien to her.As if reading her mind, Safiya remarked, “Mulhorandi. It’s the same base language as Thayan, only Mulhorandi uses the celestial alphabet, while we use the infernal variant. I could translate this into Common if you like, but it will take some time.”“Do it,” Rhaine replied simply.Safiya nodded and promptly sat upon a dust-covered bench, removing the necessary supplies from her bag and beginning her tedious task. As she did so, Kaelyn, Gann, and Rhaine wandered the rest of the archives, hoping to find more than that single scroll to work from. Okku, on the other hand, lay down in front of the doorway, so that if any of Myrkul’s servants were drawn to their voices, he could alert them.All the while, Rhaine kept noticing that Gann was glancing in her direction quite a lot. Kaelyn followed the Doomguide’s gaze and leaned close, whispering, “He’s been watching you rather intently ever since you put those spirits to eternal rest... more than he would care to admit.”Puzzled, her brow furrowed. “Why?”The celestial turned her shining silver pauldron towards Rhaine for her to use as a makeshift mirror. “See for yourself.”Even in the distortion of the polished plate armor, the Doomguide could see what had happened. By satisfying her spirit hunger, she had restored her complexion to its original lively state and more – her cheeks had filled out again, her hair was fuller and brighter, and her eyes were practically glowing.“I’m assuming you appear more, shall we say, ‘normal,’ now?” Kaelyn added. “It seems your appearance is directly related to your level of hunger. Also, if we can direct your supernatural appetite more towards the negative energies of undead, rather than the spirits of the living, we can transform what would normally be a foul curse into something far more humane. The only trouble lies in the fact that undead are not going to be commonplace, even in Rashemen. You’ll need to be able to suppress your hunger for long periods of time between such encounters.”Rhaine was about to reply when Safiya called, “I’m finished!”They rushed over, Gann putting his hands on his hips. “Well, does it say anything about the curse?”“Unfortunately, no,” the wizardess replied, “but it does expound upon this Akachi, who may have been a contemporary with the origin of the curse.” She handed her copy to Rhaine. “Here. I took the liberty of removing all of the religious threatening mumbo-jumbo and cut to the chase. I think the scroll was once used for beating the Myrkulite clergy back into submission, so to speak. Read it and you’ll find out why.”The Doomguide quickly read over the translation. It told the life story of Akachi, who had once been the High Priest of Myrkul at the temple in Mulsantir. He, along with his brother Eveshi, were orphaned and left on the church doorstep… their names given by the resident priesthood. Even as a young lad, Akachi seemed to bear the favor of Myrkul, and when a powerful plague swept through the city, only he and his brother were spared. Thus, just a boy, he was named High Priest. From then on, his life was filled with extraordinary deeds in the name of the Lord of Bones… and Myrkul rewarded him accordingly. The god pulled a silver blade from the Hells and gave it to Akachi, announcing that the young man was now his Chosen.Akachi was tested in a most severe way, however, when his lover – a wizardess – was killed in a magical accident. She had no love for the gods in life, and he knew she was bound for the Wall of the Faithless upon her death. He begged Myrkul to keep her from the Wall, promising that he would take any punishment upon himself in her stead… but the Lord of Bones would not relent.Thus, Akachi vowed his revenge upon his own god. He assembled a great host of allies, led by three generals: a demilich named Rammaq, a celestial prince named Zoab, and a dragon queen named Sey’ryu. He also convinced his brother, Eveshi, to march at his side, renouncing his given name and taking another. With his silver sword, Akachi sliced a rift between the planes, forcing himself and his army into the realm of the dead itself. But Myrkul’s forces were far greater, and the god smashed his former Chosen’s army, dragging Akachi the Betrayer to his Judgment in chains.Blinking, Rhaine handed the scroll back to Safiya for safekeeping. “I wonder why I have not heard this tale before?”Kaelyn, who had been reading over the Doomguide’s shoulder, answered, “It was suppressed by both clergies that came after Myrkul… presumably to discourage such activity from ever happening again.”Sighing heavily, Rhaine began walking out of the archives with purpose in her steps. “Well, we might not have found what we were looking for, but we did make some interesting discoveries. Now, if you all don’t mind, I would like to leave this Vault far behind me. We should return to the Prime and secure that boat the Witches mentioned. The Ashenwood awaits us, now.”------------------------------------------------------The predicted seven-day journey to Ashenwood was shortened by two days, thanks to the magical speed of the Witchboat. This was a great relief to Rhaine, who was already beginning to suffer the effects of her hunger again. However, interestingly enough, staying close to Okku’s side seemed to have a positive effect on her, as she noticed that her pain was greatly reduced while she was near him… perhaps because she had already resisted devouring the bear spirit once before.The companions finally arrived at the snow-covered Lake of Tears garrison to find it under attack by treants and shambling mounds – forest and earth spirits, respectively. It appeared as though the Ashenwood was angry in some way, trying to drive the two resident Witches and their small contingent of berserkers from its outskirts. Dalenka, the Witch to whom Sheva had referred the companions, flatly refused to aid Rhaine in finding the Wood Man. However, her acolyte, Nadaj, was more willing to help them, and she filled the Doomguide in on the details of the attacks and the whereabouts of the great forest spirit.According to Nadaj, the attacks had begun after several strange occurrences. First, an invasion of a telthor sanctuary had taken place on the edges of the Ashenwood. Next, there was a raging forest fire present that could not be quenched by water. And finally, a horrible blight had rapidly consumed another section of the trees. All attempts to contact the Wood Man had failed, and they had already lost several berserkers who tried to appease the angry spirits. Nadaj seemed to think that if these problems were resolved, then perhaps the Wood Man would re-emerge, and the attacks could be stopped at last. Seeing this as the only way to speak with the spirit about her curse, Rhaine offered to help the garrison in their time of need.It took almost a tenday of wandering the snowy Ashenwood and its surrounding environs, but one by one, the problems were slowly eliminated. First, the Doomguide drove away a tribe of frost giants who had taken over the telthor sanctuary as their own territory. Not only that, but Rhaine also restored the protective spirit of the sanctuary for the telthors’ safety. Second, she removed the blight from the trees by petitioning Chauntea the Earthmother for a cure in nearby Immil Vale, using blighted leaves and burnt cinders as evidence of her need. The last thing she did, then, was put an end to the raging forest fire by destroying the fire elemental that had caused it – not by devouring it, but by pouring pure essence of frost upon it.When they finally returned to Nadaj with the news, however, the acolyte made a disturbing additional request. She also wanted Rhaine to kill Dalenka, as she claimed her fellow Witch was the cause of the problems of the Ashenwood. When Nadaj was unable to provide sufficient evidence against her superior, Rhaine refused to do her bidding. At that moment, Nadaj turned on the companions and ordered her berserkers to kill them while she ran off into the forest. Rhaine was forced to slay all of the barbarians, who would not disobey their Witch’s order. Afterwards, Dalenka herself confronted the Doomguide, summoned outside by the commotion of battle. It took much to convince the Witch that the slaughter was not Rhaine’s fault – and perhaps a bit of help from her Mask of Persuasion – but Dalenka finally admitted that something had been strange about her acolyte as of late. She urged them all to follow her to where Nadaj had fled.They found the acolyte, or what was left of her, standing before the oldest tree in the forest… a gigantic glowing ash tree. As it so happened, Nadaj had been possessed by the forest itself, which used her as an instrument to rid itself of its problems, and now the only enemy it perceived was the spirit-eater. With Dalenka’s aid in a pitched battle, the companions managed to destroy the forest’s chosen vessel, and once it was over, Rhaine could only wonder what might happen next…But as the five of them stood staring at the glowing ash tree, it began to move. The leaves seemed to flutter with the wind, but the companions felt none upon their faces. Then, a tall semi-transparent figure, appearing almost like one of the treants, stepped forth from the tree. Its head was the canopy of a sapling, its body was the trunk, and its feet were a tangle of gnarled roots. A pair of large, gleaming brown eyes stared down at them from just beneath the branches of its leafy top. Curiously, it looked over the group before it… until its eyes rested upon Rhaine, and then it recoiled as if struck by a mighty blow.Okku lowered his eyes in deference. “It is him.”In response, Rhaine bowed, and the Bear King grumbled his approval. “This one’s moods shift like the winds… even more so than mine. A humble approach is best.”The Wood Man’s eyes flashed, a deep and slow voice emanating from an opening in the bark of his trunk, “Will you always be here when I wake, devourer of souls? Gorge on my life a hundred times, and you will never be sated. Nor will I ever die… not as long as the forest persists.”At his words, the Doomguide’s brow furrowed deeply. “You are mistaken, great spirit. I have never been here before.”“The face changes. The hunger remains the same. Why did you call me forth if not to feast upon me once again?”Shaking her head, Rhaine gestured to Nadaj’s now broken corpse. “That parasite that took the Witch’s body for its own… what was it? Was that you?”“No. It was anger. Hatred. The fury of the forest made manifest. Your hunger dispersed me, and the parasite rose in my place.”At that, the Doomguide nodded slowly in understanding. “You were too weak to combat it on your own, and so the forest took its revenge upon the Witches and the berserkers.”The Wood Man paused, squinting at her as if she intrigued him on some level. He stared at her for a long moment, the silence heavy and pervasive, before finally replying, “Yes. I was and am too weak. Your hunger sensed this and sought me out to feed upon me, though you know not why. You still do not understand what it is that you are. Neither did all those other faces that masked the hunger you now bear. They called it a gift. You think it a curse. It is neither.”Rhaine glanced back and forth between her companions and the Wood Man, the former giving her puzzled looks. Just as perplexed as they, she asked, “Then… what is it, exactly?”“It is your nature. Hunger is what you are. You were not always thus, but how your nature changed is unknown to me. Yet…” the spirit paused, as if thinking. “I sense a wrathful touch upon your soul – the touch of a god… a god who is dead.”The Doomguide gasped in surprise, and she could hear Safiya do the same, neither of them having expected to hear such a thing. So the spirit-eater was not a disease or the lasting spell of some sorcerer or witch… it was the punishment of a god. And a dead god at that, of which there were a good number in Faerûnian history.“But,” she shook her head incredulously, “which one would do this and why?”“An unfamiliar god,” the Wood Man murmured slowly. “A stranger to the forest. Chauntea, Mielikki, Lurue… these were the gods I knew in their youth, and their wrath is different in kind.”Shifting from one foot to the other uncomfortably, she shook her head again as if to clear it. “The Witches mentioned you fought other spirit eaters. What do you remember of them?”“Your hunger has but one face at a time. The face may change, but always there is only one. And then, that face will perish. The hunger devours them… burns them from the inside… and then passes to a new face. The face that stands before me now will also be consumed.”Rhaine paused, iciness gripping her heart. Everywhere she turned, imminent death seemed to be a certainty. Still, she had to try to stop it…“There must be a way to defeat this hunger.”The Wood Man slowly shook his canopied head, almost as if in pity. “You cannot defeat your own nature… to change it and return to what you once were is almost impossible. Burn a forest to ash, and you can only plant anew.”She sighed heavily, putting her head in her hands. There had to be a way to reverse this curse somehow. There was always a way to end curses, even if complicated. Already, she had found a loophole by consuming the binding energies of the undead. And she seemed to have found a way to reverse the process with the clay golem as well…And then, a thought struck her. What if she could do so again with the Wood Man, who had already admitted to having been drained repeatedly by spirit-eaters in the past?Rhaine looked up at him once again, lips pressed firmly together. “I will not devour you, Wood Man. This, I vow. Instead, allow me to attempt to give a portion of my energy back to you. You have been weakened greatly, and it is the fault of every other spirit-eater who came before me… at least give me a chance to set things right, since I now possess their awful power and can choose to do what I will with it.”The Wood Man’s eyes flashed again, but this time in genuine interest, not in anger. “Such an act would defy the nature of your hunger, and teach it to obey you, perhaps.”She nodded and closed her eyes and held her arms outward, steeling herself to harness that divinely-crafted beast that lay within her. Rhaine prodded the hunger within her that snarled and writhed under her skin… reaching greedily for the vulnerable Wood Man just like it had for Okku……but her power over her hunger had grown much stronger over the past tenday, with her having successfully suppressed it around a great many telthors and other spirits of the land. With a mere thought, she was able to reverse the spirit-eating process as she had with the clay golem, allowing the energies that the hunger had fed upon before to flow into the Wood Man as the essence of life itself. A tendril of blue light burst from her body and wrapped around the tree spirit, revitalizing it instead of draining it.Rhaine, too, felt oddly rejuvenated, as if the act had in fact put a damper on her hunger’s ferocity for a time. A sudden swell of courage arose within her at the sensation, and she found that she was grinning uncontrollably.Almost immediately, the Wood Man began to fade away, leaving nothing but a soft, soothing glow in his wake. “Much that was lost is restored. The forest breathes… and its anger fades… to silence. Thank you.”And indeed, the forest around them was quieter than it yet had been, the snow-blanketed woods so silent it was almost deafening. Okku gazed up at her with awe in his shining, golden eyes, his presence a comforting warmth at her side. “It seems that your hunger, as terrible as it may be, is nothing compared to your will, little one.”Smiling, the Doomguide then called to where the tree spirit had stood just moments before, “My predecessors’ debt is paid, Wood Man. Thank you for your wisdom, and may your forest have peace.”------------------------------------------------------After Dalenka – who had previously sported a rather rude attitude towards Rhaine and her comrades – thanked them and wished them well on their quest, the companions then began to depart the Ashenwood, kicking up snow as they walked and pulling their cloaks tighter against the frigid wind. They went in silence for a long while before Safiya finally spoke up.“Well, here I was hoping there would be a more expedient solution to your curse… some potion we could chase after or a Witch I could disintegrate. But if the Wood Man is correct, it seems a dead god is to blame for all your troubles.”Rhaine did not look back at the wizardess behind her, instead nodding with her gaze on the path ahead. “So it seems. Now, all we have to find out is which one. Kaelyn, do you have any ideas?”There was a long pause before the celestial answered, “No, I could not venture to say which. Many of the gods are petty… both the living and the dead… and their punishments often outlive them.”The Doomguide sighed, her breath coming out in a frosty puff. “I don’t understand it… if the god who created this thing is dead then the curse should have died with him… or her. How can a supposedly dead power still strike?”“A dead god tried to kill you when you escaped his barrow,” Okku rumbled pointedly at her side. “Not all that is dead lies still.”“Filthy gods and their games,” Gann snorted derisively. “The fact that they can die is proof of their weakness. Even your former ‘god of the dead’ now lies dead. You should have more respect for spirits… they come at my beck and call, and they have no need to guard any afterlife. They are far more powerful than even your ‘god of the dead’ – whichever version of him dances in his graveyard now.”At that, Rhaine whirled around, eyes flashing as she fought with all her strength to keep from slapping his teeth out at his direct insult to whom he knew well by now was her patron. “How conveniently you forget that even your precious spirits have gods among them! Perhaps you should keep your flippant mouth shut concerning subjects about which you obviously know nothing.”She turned back towards the path, and they all fell silent again, Rhaine resuming her brainstorming, although it was now too fogged by ire to be productive. Perhaps this matter was something to discuss with the Witches, and even Darovik, when they returned to Mulsantir.------------------------------------------------------Immil Vale. The companions had been here once before when searching for the cure for the Ashenwood’s blight. It was a small volcanic crater carved into the icy mountains, and as such, it still held the warmth of summer even so far north. Gann had wished to return here to see a local monolith called the Moss Stone, and despite his attitude grating ever more harshly on her nerves with each passing day, Rhaine had agreed to his request. If nothing else, it would be a pleasant place to camp and recover.According to the spirit shaman, this Moss Stone was both sacred and legendary. Wives’ tales insisted that those who slumbered nearby would experience sharpened dreams with profound meaning. Wishing to experience such dreams for himself, Gann suggested that they wait for night to fall and then sleep beneath the shadow of the ancient stone to see what happened. If anything.As her companions pitched their tents and waited for sundown, Rhaine took the opportunity to care for her equipment. Sitting cross-legged by a stream, with her armor lying beside her, she rinsed the plates of accumulated blood and grime, piece by piece, and then scrubbed them with sand. After a few minutes, Gann quietly knelt beside her and began filling the companions’ waterskins upstream from her position.Rhaine glanced over her shoulder at Kaelyn, who sat alone on the far edge of camp. She had felt for the longest time that the half-celestial was not being forthright with her, and it made the Doomguide uneasy. She also wondered if Kaelyn had yet found whatever it was she was looking for in Myrkul’s Vault, or if she would return there to continue her search at some point.“Our songbird is a mystery, is she not?” Gann remarked, nodding to the priestess in question as he followed the Doomguide’s gaze.“A bit too much of one, I would say,” Rhaine replied with a sigh, returning to her work. “What are your thoughts, Gann?”His brow furrowed, and he hesitated for a moment, stoppering a waterskin before answering, “There are those who have ‘lazy’ dreams… visions that appear to them only when their bodies are resting. And then, there are those whose dreams are an icy wind… a whip crack across their souls that visits them during waking hours. I believe she is driven by such a dream, and that makes her dangerous.”Rhaine went silent for a moment, absorbing his words. In her gut, she felt his observation was correct, as it aligned too closely with her own suspicions. Kaelyn was driven by something powerful indeed, and the Doomguide could only guess at what that something might be. And what her end goal was.After a few minutes, she shook her head. “And what of Safiya?”He grinned, chuckling lightly. “She is a thing of puzzle pieces to be certain… and so finely traced with elegant tattoos. Perhaps that is the only good thing that the Red Wizards have contributed to culture.”Rhaine rolled her eyes at that, but he had already turned away and was heading back towards camp. She merely shook her head again and continued to polish her armor in silence.When night finally fell, then, the companions prepared for sleep – eager for it after such a long tenday. It did not take long for Rhaine to do so, either, as her muscles were still physically exhausted, even if her spirit cravings and resulting weakness had been tamped down for the time being. Yet, her mind was far too active to relax completely, and her slumber was not at all restful.Suddenly, amidst this light sleep, her vision swam hazily before her, and she found herself standing in what appeared to be an ancient grove with Gann by her side. Blinking, she ultimately realized that what she was seeing had to be a corner of her own mind; she was dreaming… but her vision was as stark as reality.“I didn’t expect you to show up in my dreams,” she finally said to the hagspawn, noticing that he somehow looked as tangible as he did in the waking world.“Dreamwalking is one of my many talents, remember?” he answered with a wink. “But don’t let my presence trouble you. Rather, let us see where this path leads, shall we? I think this dream could be one of importance, and perhaps to you in particular.”Sighing and shrugging her acquiescence, she tentatively began to walk further into the grove – a forest that looked much like the Ashenwood. Everything was pristine… completely untouched by civilization, as if they had been transported to times before humanity even existed upon the world. Snow glittered blindingly beneath an equally brilliant sun. Frowning, the Doomguide wondered what this forest was supposed to represent, considering so many aspects of vivid dreams were considered symbolic in some manner.And then, in the distance, she finally glimpsed what appeared to be a woman garbed in red robes, stark against the white snow. Was she the one who had taken the shard from her with Lienna’s aid? Quickening her pace, Rhaine headed straight for the woman in hopes of getting answers, and as she neared, the Doomguide realized the woman looked much like Safiya, but with a few differences here and there. Standing closeby were four warriors – three men and one woman. They started upon seeing Rhaine approach.“No, stay away from her!”“You cannot harm our Red Lady! She is our anchor… all we have left.”The Doomguide halted in her tracks, puzzled by their reactions at first, but something told her that they were kin to her somehow… in some odd way. They felt so familiar……and then it clicked.“You… you were spirit-eaters before me…” she murmured at last.The female warrior nodded. “Yes. We were bearers of the Gift, as you are. There were more of us once, but now only we remain. The others were taken by the hunger.”Rhaine then gestured to the red-robed lady behind them. “I need to speak with the Red Woman. She may know something that can help me… help us all.”“Can she?” one of the men asked, glancing to his fellows. “Can she save us from the hunger? Can she protect our Red Lady?”“No!” another answered with a snarl, readying his weapon to attack. “We cannot allow it… you will only bring her harm and then we will be nothing!”A heated battle ensued between them, then, Gann fighting by her side, both wielding effective facsimiles of their real weapons. It felt so strange, doing combat inside her head, and yet it was as real as if she were fighting for her life in the waking world. As they fought these replications of ancient spirit-eaters, Rhaine briefly wondered if she could be killed in her own dreams; it was a question that Gann could likely answer later.Finally, the last of the former spirit-eaters dissipated into nothingness, leaving only the red-robed woman standing in the grove. She approached Rhaine eagerly after that, something oddly-shaped clutched tightly in her palm.“I had hoped that you would make it here before the hunger took me. I was afraid you would arrive too late.”The Doomguide’s brow furrowed. “Who are you? You look familiar to me, and I am certain we have met before.”“I am but a memory – of love, lost but not forgotten,” she replied with a gentle smile, pressing the strange object into Rhaine’s hands. “Here, I saved this for you. It contains all that I am. Please, take it, and know that I will be safe within until you need me.”Rhaine glanced down at the object. It appeared to be a fragment of jeweled leather, perhaps that of a mask, colored faintly with crimson. Perplexed, she looked back up at the Red Woman. “Wait, when will I need you and why?”But there was no answer, as the woman was already gone, and with a bright flash of light, the Doomguide was abruptly propelled back into the waking world…Rhaine jerked awake, sitting straight up on her bedroll and instantly bringing her hand to her face. The bit of leather was still there, real outside of dreams, too. Her look of shock was mirrored by Gann, whose own grey-blue visage was dimly illuminated by the moonlight.“That is curious indeed,” he breathed quietly, so as not to disturb the others. “An item that can exist both in dream and reality. You should take care not to lose that; I have a feeling it is most important. Now, aren’t you glad you listened to me and tried this out?” he added with another wink.The Doomguide did not answer, turning the mask fragment over and over in her hands, squinting at it as if to see into it somehow. She needed to find out who this Red Woman was – and her significance – soon.

“I am sorry, Rhaine… sorry we did not trust you… sorry that we thought you would be just like the others who had gone before you.”They had returned to Mulsantir by way of the Witchboat, and afterwards they had gone straight to the Wychlaran with their findings. There, Rhaine told Sheva everything – how she saved the forest, healed the Wood Man, and rescued Dalenka from Nadaj’s betrayal. The Witches knew her tale to be true, as word had spread like wildfire amongst the telthors and had reached the ears of the Wychlaran long before the companions ever stepped onto the docks of the city.“I…” Kazimika hesitated, her eyes darting away behind her mask. “I am sorry, too. I spoke awful words to you, when I truly knew nothing about you. You saved the Wood Man and our sister. For that, we thank you.”The Doomguide took a breath, and then let it out as a long sigh. “I forgive you… both of you.”“You also did not find the answers you sought,” Sheva continued with an apologetic shake of her head. “We steered you wrong, and in doing so, we failed you.”At that, Rhaine paused, considering her words. “I might not have found what I had hoped to, but I did learn a few more things that may be of help. The journey was not for naught, I assure you.”The eldest Witch inclined her head respectfully. “In any case, we shall pray that the spirits continue to guide you on your path. If any spirit-eater is deserving of a cure for their curse, you certainly are.”------------------------------------------------------After they left the outdoor temple of the Wychlaran, Rhaine told her companions to meet her later at the Sloop, urging them to eat something other than road rations and put their feet up for a while. The Doomguide had some business with Darovik that she preferred to handle on her own, without an audience. The quartet seemed a tad reluctant to leave her side, but they ultimately did as she bade, making their way back to the tavern for food and drink. As they did so, Rhaine herself made a beeline for the small temple of Kelemvor.Once she entered the cool temple at last, she leaned against the wall for a moment, head bent, allowing a few prayers to flow from her lips; her amulet may have been silent, the soothing aura of Kelemvor’s sanctuary distant, but she would not allow herself to cease those prayers of thanks, that hope for guidance.Though the subtle twist of the dark presence within her did its best to corrupt those prayers with a sharp reminder of her affliction…Before long, Brother Darovik appeared from the opposite end of the nave, and he smiled at her upon sighting her near the doorway.“Welcome back to our house, young sister,” he greeted her warmly, grey eyes sparkling in the low candlelight. “It is good to see that you have yet to succumb to your terrible curse. Have you been successful in your endeavors to find a cure?”She shook her head proceeding further inside. “I have found out little, and it seems the more I find out, the more of a mystery it becomes. According to the Wood Man, this curse is the punishment of a dead god.”The priest’s eyebrows rose in surprise. “It is? All this time, we had thought it some sort of work of sorcery, or even a disease. But you say a god created it as a punishment? That is… most disturbing.”“Do you know which god might have created this monster?” Rhaine inquired, hoping he would have a better idea than she. As an older member of the priesthood, perhaps he had been exposed to more lore than she…Darovik’s brow furrowed as he thought for a moment, and then he finally shook his hooded head. “There are numerous dead gods, and many of them were known for unspeakable acts of cruelty. If the ancient forest spirit cannot say which, then I am afraid I cannot, either. I am sorry I am unable to be of further assistance in this matter.”The Doomguide sighed, closing her eyes in resignation. Once again, it seemed that her answers lay outside Mulsantir’s walls. Darovik didn’t know any more about the curse, and neither did the Witches. It seemed that the only option they had left was to visit this so-called “Slumbering Coven”… and after so many days of traveling non-stop, she was not eager to return to the road again.In the quiet that followed, Rhaine slowly meandered to the altar and stood before it, staring at the holy symbol upon the wall for the longest time. She knew that Darovik lingered in respectful silence behind her, allowing her this moment of contemplation. After a few breaths, however, she spoke again.“I have a confession to make, brother.”A couple more moments of silence followed, and then the priest replied gently, “What is it that troubles your soul, child?”She looked down at her feet, regret bubbling to the surface of her mind. “I trespassed in the holy halls of Myrkul’s Vault – not once, but twice. I even broke into the Lower Vault and its archives.”“You were seeking answers there, of all places?” the priest questioned softly, a hint of incredulousness in his voice. “Why?”“Because I’m dying, Darovik, and I’m running out of options,” she answered tersely, perhaps moreso than she had intended. “If it helps at all, I laid countless undead to eternal rest in those halls.”He paused before remarking sternly, “I commend you for the effort, sister, but I must remind you that a faithful deed does not counteract a trespass.” Then, letting out a long breath through his nose, he added, “Still, did you happen to learn anything useful?”“No,” she said with a shake of her head, still not looking at him. “But I did find a loose scroll that told the story of Akachi the Betrayer.”“Ah,” he murmured knowingly. “That is a tale we of Mulsantir know well.”At that, she finally turned around to face him again. “Did he really lead an army against the City of Judgment?”“By all accounts, yes,” Darovik replied, leaning against the back wall and crossing his arms. “But it wasn’t just that. Akachi had commanded his army to tear down the Wall of the Faithless in particular. Thankfully, he did not succeed.”Rhaine considered this for a moment. “Would it have mattered even if he had? I’m sure Myrkul could have come up with some other equally torturous method for dealing with the Faithless.”“No doubt the Lord of Bones could have,” Darovik chuckled slightly before turning serious once more. “But yes. It did matter. You see, the Wall – however foul it may be – is a representation of the pact between mortals and gods. The deities are fed by faith. We fuel their existence. In return, they guide us in life and give us solace in death. It is an ancient pact held in place by ancient laws.“You have no doubt seen the sculpture that rings this temple. It is a replica of the Wall. The Witches would have us dismantle it as it frightens the children, but they do not understand. That very act would be symbolic of destroying the real Wall. Such an act would crack the very foundations of the universe… and bring down a wrath from all the gods the likes of which we have never seen before. That is why I say that it is good that the First Crusade failed.”“‘First’ Crusade?” the Doomguide’s brow furrowed. “There was more than one?”“Oh, yes,” Darovik affirmed with a slow nod. “A Second Crusade was launched against our own lord in the not-so-distant past. Suffice it to say, it too, was smashed. Rather swiftly, in fact.”“Who led the Second, then?”A cloud shadowed the priest’s face under his hood, and his eyes hardened considerably, nearly flashing in the light of the candles. “I’m surprised you don’t know that yet. The leader of the Second Crusade was Kaelyn the Dove.”------------------------------------------------------That night, Rhaine pulled Kaelyn aside to speak with her privately. If Kaelyn had indeed led the Second Crusade against the Wall of the Faithless, then the Doomguide wanted to know why. It was no small wonder that the half-angel had been exiled from Mount Celestia… and this revelation regarding her past had cast a dark shadow over her personal quest in Myrkul’s Vault.“Is there something you require?” Kaelyn asked, certainly not expecting the question that Rhaine was about to drop right on top of her head.“Not exactly,” the Doomguide replied, lowering her voice even as she crossed her arms. “Just an explanation. Why did you lead the Second Crusade against the Wall of the Faithless?”Kaelyn’s black eyes went wide momentarily before she finally answered with brow deeply furrowed, “Darovik told you, didn’t he? I’m assuming he informed you of that fact with no small amount of venom attached to his words. Yes, I led the Second Crusade, and I am not ashamed of it.”She took a breath and then sighed, glancing away briefly. “It is difficult to express the why of it, but I shall try. Once, I was a Doomguide like you. As all of us are commanded to do, I wandered the planes and comforted the dying. And for a time, it comforted me as well.“But then, I realized that many of those whom I offered comfort in their last moments would not continue to receive such in death. How could I console a dying child, knowing that they would be mortared… crushed… into a screaming wall for all eternity? How could I lay a midwife of the planes – who has never even heard of such a thing as gods – to rest, knowing that she would be forever punished for her ignorance?”She shook her head. “Is lip service to a god all that matters? It certainly seems such. For no matter how good a person is in their life, if they do not ally themselves with one of the higher powers, then they suffer eternally. I could not stand for that… and so I gathered those who with similar sentiments to mine and I marched with them to the City of Judgment and cried out for true justice. But Kelemvor is just like Myrkul before him… set in his ways… and he did not listen.”“And you are surprised?” Rhaine snorted incredulously. “Trying to intimidate Kelemvor with mob tactics might not have been the best idea.”“Violence was not my intent,” Kaelyn replied shortly. “It was never my weapon while I was in his service, and it is not now. I had only hoped that if he witnessed the conviction of those around me, he would see reason.”“Says the ‘Dove’ who had an army ready at her back,” the Doomguide quipped.“I wanted to bring down the Wall, not assault the City of Judgment!”“That is an assault on the City of Judgment!” Rhaine shouted. “That is violence! You tried to follow Akachi’s example and you failed just as he did. And you wonder why Kelemvor turned his back on you?”“Akachi’s actions were heroic!” Kaelyn retorted. “He would not stand for injustice, even if it came from his own god – a god he had served all of his life. I am of the same mind, which was why I changed my devotion to that of Ilmater. And even if the Second Crusade failed, I will not give up. The atrocity of the Wall must be ended, if not by the gods, then by mortals. Every soul is deserving of eternal peace.”The Doomguide struck her armored fist against the wall of the Sloop, her knuckles threatening to punch straight through the rotting wood. “Don’t you get it?! By worshipping any god you support the existence of the Wall of the Faithless! You aren’t just standing against Kelemvor, you’re standing against the entirety of the pantheons of Faerûn! Of all Toril! You’re a hypocrite, ‘Dove’!”Pointing an accusatory finger at the half-celestial, Rhaine continued unleashing her fury and disgust in full. “You switched faiths because you feared Kelemvor’s wrath! You knew that if you stood against him as one of his Doomguides that you would be judged False upon death and punished accordingly. Knowing that faith was the primary criteria for the Judgment of souls, you switched your loyalty to that of Ilmater, in hopes of thereby absolving you of punishment upon your death… because you would likely be judged Faithful of Ilmater before your deeds ever came into account!”Kaelyn’s face hardened. “If you are trying to provoke me, you will not succeed.”“I am not trying to ‘provoke’ you,” Rhaine lowered her voice again, taking deep breaths to calm herself. “I am trying to make you see reason! History is meant to be learned from. Akachi failed. You failed. There are things in this universe that cannot be changed – no matter how much we want them to. There will always be evil; there will always be injustice.“And even more than that, have you considered the fact that Kelemvor might… just might… know more about this situation than you do? The Wall of the Faithless is not something so simple that it can be deconstructed, and suddenly, everything is the shining glory of Mount Celestia for all eternity! There are laws, Kaelyn,” Rhaine hissed, “laws that even the gods themselves must follow – even if we mortals cannot comprehend the reason why.”“You will not deter me from my path,” Kaelyn said simply, spinning away and heading towards her room.But Rhaine called after her, “Tell me, did you find what you were looking for in Myrkul’s Vault?”The celestial stopped in her tracks and half-turned back. “No. I did not. So you can go back to sticking your head in the sand like others of your faith and rest easy.”“Fine,” Rhaine threw her hands into the air in sheer frustration, “throw away your life – as well as the lives of those who follow you. Be the martyr you so want to be.” Her eyes then narrowed, and her tone darkened. “But do not ever attempt to drag me into your foolish fight, or I promise you… you will meet failure much, much faster than you did the last time.”------------------------------------------------------The next morning, as they were preparing to leave for the Slumbering Coven, Rhaine was approached by a small girl who called herself Ku’arra. She said that her “grandsire,” a leader of the Hill Tribe, wished to speak with the Doomguide about her curse, and directed her to a place known as the Wells of Lurue. Ku’arra could not stay to explain, citing that she was in danger in Mulsantir. After discussing the option with her companions, Rhaine decided to take this detour and see what the Hill Tribe had to say.It was a two-day walk to the Wells – a small system of canyons and waterfalls in the hills northwest of Mulsantir. As they arrived in this majestically beautiful place, Okku bristled and sniffed the air, his golden eyes wide.“My kin,” he rumbled, a note of awe in his voice. “I hear the calls of my kin! They are here, and I had thought them lost! They never joined me in my barrow, and I do not remember why.”Rhaine placed a hand on Okku’s shining back, a pulse of energy answering her touch. “A change has come over you, my friend,” she said, looking around. Despite the beauty of the Wells, Rhaine felt the hairs standing up on the back of her neck, and she could not ignore it. “We should investigate, but we should also be cautious. Something is not as it seems here.”“Agreed,” the bear spirit growled lowly, hackles rising.It was not long before they came upon Ku’arra again, and the girl led them through the winding canyons to a very small, primitive camp. There, they at last met with her “grandsire,” who spoke of the spirit-eater as if it were a blessing, not a curse. He admonished Rhaine for not indulging in her abilities any more than she did, and called her a “betrayer of the Gift.” With that, he dispelled an illusion that made the tribe appear human, and the people revealed themselves to be man-eating, ape-formed Uthraki – evil, monstrous shapeshifters Safiya recognized on sight. The Uthraki then boldly attacked, knowing that if they killed Rhaine, the “Gift” would pass on to one of them – whom they believed more worthy of wielding such awful power. In response, the Doomguide and her comrades mercilessly slew every last one of the cannibalistic monsters and, hopefully, saved some unsuspecting future travelers in the process.The companions then began wandering the Wells further, searching for what Okku believed to be his lost clan members. Every once in a while, the great bear would pause and sniff the air or listen intently to calls that only he could hear. He led them on for what seemed like hours, until finally they came upon a series of waterfalls that spilled over the cliffs into crystal clear pools. As they approached, then, a host of shimmering spirit bears suddenly manifested all around them – Okku’s ancestors. Rhaine swallowed hard, gritting her teeth as she forcibly ignored the greedy writhing of the hunger within her, pushing it back with her will before it could rear its ugly head in any capacity.Unfortunately, it was not a happy reunion. These bear spirits were furious at Okku, as the Bear King’s oath to the spirit-eater had apparently brought ruin to their clan. By allowing the monstrosity to be trapped within his barrow, his progeny had become mad, and his clan was eventually destroyed. The ancestors were eager to punish Okku for his transgression, but Rhaine intervened, unwilling to allow it. She confronted them, then, asking them if they would have let the spirit-eater continue to roam the land unchecked instead, and they quickly realized that they would not. To her great relief, the bear telthors dissipated in peace afterwards, though not without telling Okku that despite his noble goal, he had still lost his clan, and thus, his ancestors would be forever lost to him as well.Despite such a solemn parting between the spirits, though, there was, perhaps, a silver lining to it all. Okku’s memories, sharpened by the mystical waters of the Wells of Lurue, had returned in full. He then explained to Rhaine that the spirit-eater before her was a wizard. When the old man had spared Okku’s life, he shared his plan to defeat the curse. He would need a place secluded from civilization, and there the old man would craft a trap so that the curse could no longer pass from one victim to the next. Okku had agreed for his barrow to become that spirit-eater’s prison. There, the old man scribed the runes that Rhaine had seen when she first awoke there… and the skeleton that lay beside her had been his bones, where he had slowly been eaten away by the hunger until there was nothing left of him. His noble sacrifice had not been in vain, however, as the curse had indeed become trapped within the circle of runic pillars.But his efforts were rendered utterly null when the three gargoyles, on the command of Lienna and the mysterious Red Woman, had placed Rhaine within the chamber, wounded and vulnerable to the dark hunger. And thus, the awful cycle of the spirit-eater had been reawakened once more.After Okku finished his tale, the Doomguide stood quietly beside the Wells and watched the waterfalls, lost in thought, her eyes tracing the ripples as they spread across the surface of the pools below. She was awestruck at the crystalline beauty of it all. And somehow, it seemed more than mere water…“This place is an anchor for dreams and memories,” Gannayev remarked, breaking her out of her thoughts. “Animals and spirits once flocked here, and though they are long gone, their thoughts and visions remain.”“Can these memories be seen?” Rhaine inquired, wondering if there was more she could glean from them.“If you drink from the pools, yes,” he replied, “though they may be little more than a flurry of emotions… animals do not think in the same ways that we humanoids do. Their thoughts are more raw and impulsive. But go ahead, if you wish. I can stand with you and help filter out the unnecessary details.”The Doomguide nodded and knelt at the edge of the largest pool, removing her gauntlets. Then, carefully cupping her hands in the cool waters, she tentatively sipped from it. It was startlingly refreshing, and she was very suddenly consumed with the overwhelming desire to lie down and rest. The last thing she thought of was the softness of the grass beneath her, before darkness overtook her vision.A few moments later, Rhaine “woke” in what appeared to be Okku’s barrow, Gann once again at her side. But the barrow seemed different this time around… almost as if it had just been created. Ahead of her stood an old man, his hair and beard snowy white. And he wore the robes of a wizard.“Rhaine!” he called out to her, his voice echoing on the walls. “There you are! I was hoping you would come before the hunger took me. I feared you would come too late. Please, follow me and quickly… I have saved something for you, but the Faceless Man could be right on your heels!”“Faceless Man?” she inquired, glancing warily over her shoulder.“He is the embodiment your hunger. He swallows memories and dreams,” the old man explained quickly. “Now, hurry!”“I think we should follow,” Gann urged.Wordlessly, Rhaine nodded and jogged after the old man, who teleported in short distances ahead of her to lead her deeper into the barrow. At last, they stopped before what seemed to be the chamber in which she had awakened… prior to when it had been inscribed with runes.“There, do you see him?” the old man pointed into the darkness ahead.She squinted. There was a pale-faced boy child standing in the middle of the empty dais, appearing to be waiting on someone. He occasionally looked around and patted his foot, but he continued to stand there patiently.“Who is he?” Rhaine asked.“A memory, like I am,” the old man replied. “Part of a larger whole. Go, speak with him.”The Doomguide hesitated, but then descended the stone ramp to the dais, only to be confronted by a pair of shadows and what looked like a Reaver, who manifested between her and the boy. With Gann’s aid, she took them down quickly before carefully approaching the child. Strangely, he seemed entirely unfazed by the combat that had just taken place.“Hello there,” she began tentatively.The child looked up at her, smiling slightly. “Hello. I was wondering when you would make it here.”Rhaine’s brow furrowed, then, as she cocked her head curiously. “And who are you?”He grinned widely. “My name is Eveshi, but my brother calls me Ahrraman.”Eveshi. The name of Akachi’s brother…“Ahrraman,” the old man hummed in amusement behind her. “The old Mulan word for ‘laughter.’”“My brother tells me that I laugh enough for the both of us. He says that I’ll never make a good priest if I don’t stop giggling during services,” the boy added with an answering chuckle of his own.“Ahrraman,” Rhaine breathed, realization suddenly washing over her. “Araman. The name of the man who usurped Safiya’s academy…”“Here,” the boy said suddenly, extending what appeared to be another strangely-shaped piece of bejeweled leather towards her. “This is for you.”“Another mask fragment to join the first,” Gann commented. “This is becoming intriguing, indeed.”As she took it from him, then, the boy looked at her with strange wisdom in his ghostly pale eyes. “We are what we remember… nothing is gone while the pieces remain.”The old man began speaking again, faster this time, but she couldn’t hear him, as she was being abruptly propelled from the dream-vision and back into reality.

Four days later, they arrived at the shores of Lake Mulsantir. The long golden grass at last gave way to sandy dunes, and the sparse maples transitioned to shady palms. The lake itself was large enough that the opposite shore could not be seen beyond the morning mist, and from the middle of this vast body of water rose a magnificent dome and several broken spires – the Sunken City itself. According to Safiya, this place had once been a stronghold of the mighty Imaskari Empire. Now, eons later, it served as the home of the Slumbering Coven.The Coven, also known as Coveya Kurg’annis in the hags’ tongue, had taken residence here to do business of sorts. The nine hags somehow managed to weave their minds together, and as all hags were capable of doing, they created their own massive – and permanent – dreamscape.  From this dreamscape, they roamed the minds of the people of Rashemen, stealing dreams and memories for themselves, and amassing a vast collection of knowledge. Thus, due to the lack of written records in this land, the Coven had become one of the most valuable sources of information in the east, and they offered to share their knowledge with petitioners in return for a portion of that supplicant’s dreams to add to their ever-growing collection.It was here that they hoped to find out why Lienna and the Red Woman placed Rhaine in the barrow with the trapped spirit-eater. The Doomguide was not the only one ready for answers. Gannayev himself was practically shaking with anticipation. Apparently, he had dreamed of this place often, and he felt that it was somehow his original home… though he remembered little about it from reality.Unfortunately, there was no way to approach the city during the day. The pier that stretched towards the dome of the submerged structure had long rotted away, and the tentacles of a vast sea monster occasionally rose from the waves in a threatening manner, keeping anyone with half a sense from trying to cross in a boat. When night fell, however, a shadow portal opened before them, and they stepped through to a Shadow Plane mirror of the lakeshore, where the pier was still intact. As they carefully crossed the wooden bridge that spanned jet black waters, the companions found the place to be guarded by many hagspawn – similar to Gann in heritage, but all of them far uglier in appearance; they looked more like deformed apes than half-humans. These servants promptly informed Rhaine that the Coven was not seeing visitors, even though a massive line of petitioners had gathered both within and without the ruin. When she insisted that she needed to see the hags, the guards stated that if she could thin the ranks of those waiting outside, they would let her into the building proper.After much persuasion on Rhaine’s part, and even a little violence in the case of a group of foul Uthraki, the Doomguide convinced over half of the petitioners outside to leave. Surprised at her success, the door guards allowed her and her companions inside, with a parting warning that there was still a line, and if she wanted to get any further, she would have to force her way to the front.It was not a difficult thing to accomplish. All of the petitioners were just as foul as the hags they were going to see – from ogres, to more Uthraki, to a group of ancient vampires. Persuasion was, of course, entirely out of the question this time… everyone died. At last, then, once the other visitors were dealt with, they confronted “Mistress,” the hag responsible for admitting visitors to the Coven. But they were met by another roadblock… and a rather unexpected one, at that.Knowing that Rhaine was a spirit-eater, and thinking that the Doomguide had forced Okku into subservience, the hag immediately cast a spell to protect the Coven from her awful power. Before the companions could even react, Rhaine felt the telltale lurch in her stomach signaling she was being teleported somewhere else…------------------------------------------------------“Sleeeeep… sleeeeeeeep… SLEEEEEEEEEEEP!”That was the first thing she heard.The first thing she saw was that she and her companions had been dumped into some kind of waterlogged dungeon. Between earsplitting bouts of the screaming female voice, Safiya explained that this was the “Skein” – the sunken part of the ancient Imaskari city. Now, the only thing they had to do was find a way out… and try to maintain their sanity amidst bouts of echoing screeches.“When they come, kill each one… when they die, stack ‘em high… when I’m through, EAT THEM TOO! AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!”They suffered this for hours.In addition to fighting other crazed prisoners, dealing with the damp, the dark, and the cold, and trying desperately to ignore the insane cackling that echoed deafeningly around the Skein, Rhaine’s spirit hunger was progressively worsening. Thus, after roughly eight hours of wandering the place, she vowed to kill the source of that incessant screeching, which Gann seemed to think was an insane hag who had been exiled long ago.Everywhere they went, passages were either barred or flooded, forcing them to backtrack, and the situation began to seem truly hopeless until they came across quite the find: a gigantic, bound earth elemental – a mound of living rock roughly fifty feet high and forty feet wide. Safiya seemed to think that its power was what was keeping the place from sinking further into the waters below, and there was no telling what would happen if the elemental was released from its binds. It could have no effect at all, but it could also bring the whole place down around their ears.Being faced with no other option, Rhaine released the elemental by pulling an odd lever on a nearby control panel. The elemental was destroyed, and as Safiya predicted, the Sunken City began to quake. Thinking that this might have unblocked some of the passages, the Doomguide dashed through the corridors, looking for places that had been previously barred to her. At last, they came across a central chamber that had not been accessible before…… and they found the source of the screaming. It was indeed a hag – a Night Hag to be specific – and she immediately attacked the invaders. But, after a few moments of battle, she ceased fighting them, and she suddenly sounded quite sane as she appealed to them to cease their assault. The hag claimed that the violence had temporarily shaken the madness from her mind, and she then dropped a startling revelation before it could overtake her again.She was Gann’s mother.Gannayev immediately pelted the hag, named Gulk’aush, with accusations. He charged her with abandoning him to the wilds and refusing to love and care for him like a mother should. Gulk’aush retorted that she had little choice in the matter, and she requested the chance to explain herself. Gann reluctantly allowed it, as he wanted to hear what sort of excuse the hag would come up with.Gulk’aush then explained that a hag’s main method of procreation was to use illusionary magic to seduce a human man, mate with him, and then devour him alive. However, the love for her chosen mate went beyond just pretense… it was actual love. She could not bring herself to kill her mate, and so she hid her relationship from her sisters. She claimed she was just playing with her prey, and she even went so far as to present a fake body to the Coven in order to buy more time.However, her ruse did not last long. When Gann was finally born, the Coven found them, bound both her and her lover, and forced Gulk’aush to eat her mate alive by cutting him up and shoving him down her throat – right in front of their child. They then tossed Gann to the wilds and imprisoned the hag in the Skein, cursing her to never sleep again.For this, Gulk’aush wanted revenge. She asked Gann to destroy the Coven – to finally show them the combined power of a mother and her son. And then, without hesitation, she plucked out her own eye to give to Rhaine, so that the Doomguide could use its magic to help him penetrate the magical dream of her sleeping sisters. With that, she ran off the way the adventurers had come, the madness of the hag’s imprisonment quickly taking over her mind again. Gann himself was stunned for several moments, forced to rethink everything he believed about his mother, before finally following Rhaine through the chamber and up a winding staircase to the Coven.------------------------------------------------------“Mistress,” of course, objected to their return, and the companions were forced to kill her and her hagspawn guards to proceed. At last, though, the Slumbering Coven was before them, the nine hags vertically suspended within columns of warding magic and sleeping with their heads bowed and their hands crossed atop their chests. Rhaine and Gann approached them carefully, and with the help of Gulk’aush’s eye, they mentally penetrated the Coven’s dream…… only to find themselves in what seemed to be the backstage area of the Veil, with Magda rushing up to them. She admonished Rhaine, “You’re late! Hurry, the play has already started!”The Doomguide exchanged glances with Gann, who shrugged, “Err… what play?”Magda put her hands on her hips and shook her head in dismay. “You mean you’ve already forgotten? The play about the First Crusade! You’re playing Akachi the Betrayer, remember?”Rhaine felt her stomach lurch. Why was this First Crusade continuously haunting her? Gann seemed to sense her uneasiness, and he nudged her in the ribs, jerking his head toward Magda.She took a deep breath. “Um… right, yes I seem to have forgotten about that part. Where are we in the play, now?”Magda took Rhaine by the hand and led her to the door that opened onto the stage. “The army has been defeated by Myrkul, and he is close on your heels. You must give your final commands to your generals. Take care what you say… this is what you will be remembered for.” The dwarf woman then opened the door and shoved Rhaine out onto the stage. “Break a leg!”The Doomguide stumbled out onto the small stage, eyes wide. There, three actors of the Veil stood garbed in fantastical costume. Ahead of her, Sweet Wallace was garbed as an angel in flowing robes and sporting startlingly realistic wings. To Rhaine’s left was Amber Rose, dressed all in blue and wearing a fearsome azure headdress. To her right was Lothario, arrayed completely in black and wearing a skull-like mask. The threesome turned to face her as she approached.Amber spoke first, “I am Sey’ryu, queen of the vast skies. For the debt I owe you, I swore to tear down the Wall.”“And I am Rammaq,” Lothario added. “I who have thrice glimpsed godhood, and thrice has that prize been snatched from my grasp. For the knowledge I was promised, I swore to tear down the Wall.”“And I,” Wallace finished, “am Zoab, solar of Celestia. For mercy and justice, I swore to tear down the Wall. We are your generals, and we await your final command, great Akachi. What would you have us do?”Rhaine swallowed, scrambling for an answer that would suffice. “Ah… Command what remains of our troops to retreat, so that we may live to fight another day. The god of death can wait.”Suddenly, there was an uproar from the audience – a cacophony of boos and jeers. The Doomguide had just now noticed that there were indeed spectators, but they were comprised of monsters… giants, werewolves, succubi, erinyes, genies…What in the Hells…?“Boo!”“We want our money back!”“The actress doesn’t know her lines!”Magda hissed from backstage, “Come on, lass. Get it right!”Wincing, Rhaine waved her hand at the actors. “Ignore that last order. We stand and fight to the last!”The audience booed again. Magda clucked her tongue and shook her head in disappointment. “Tsk, tsk. Wrong again. Perhaps we’ll just skip to the punishment part. All you’ll need to know then is how to scream.”With that, the dwarf woman and the audience both launched themselves at Rhaine, knocking her to the floor. The three actors made no move to help her, but Gann jumped from behind the backstage area and skewered dream-Magda through the torso with his spear. Rhaine rolled to the side and drew Touch of Death in one fluid movement, jumping back to her feet and joining the fray alongside the dreamwalker.Together, then, Gann and Rhaine defeated the “audience,” a pile of monstrous corpses now at their feet. Sweet Wallace met the Doomguide’s eyes, his voice taking on an eerie tone, “We will wait for you at the second opening of the Gate.”“As we promised,” Amber Rose added.“Betrayer,” Lothario finished.The threesome then vanished in a bright flash of light. Rhaine stood there, struggling to comprehend what exactly had just occurred and why. Gann seemed to be doing the same thing, his brow furrowed in puzzlement. Then, finally, he gestured to the doors of the theatre where a portal had opened. “There. That is where we should go next. This particular dream has run its course… and there was much truth in it, I think.”------------------------------------------------------On the other side of the portal, another dreamscape waited. This time, it looked to be the interior of Myrkul’s Vault, but she had not seen this particular room before. It was enormous, and at the opposite end was a towering gate, similar to the one she had opened with the replica sword. This door, however, was far more massive, stretching nearly sixty feet in height. As her eyes gazed upon it, there was a twisting sensation in her gut. Something was wrong. The door… this whole place… was wrong.Standing in front of that gate, his back to her, was a Red Wizard, garbed in his classic scarlet robes and bearing intricate tattoos on his bald pate. And as she descended a small flight of stairs and began to approach him, he addressed her without turning around.“You stand before the Betrayer’s Gate, stranger. It is a door that should not be. Rest your eyes upon its surface, and you can sense the wrongness.“I stood here at the Betrayer’s side – at my brother’s side. They were assembled all around us… angels, demons, mortals both alive and dead. Did the room expand to hold such a host? Or is my memory too small?”The Betrayer’s Gate. As Rhaine looked upon it, her heart jumped into her throat, and she began to comprehend exactly what this thing was. Her voice trembled as she asked quietly, “Where does it lead?”Although, she already had a very good idea what his answer was going to be…The man turned around, and she could see that he was very pale, gazing at her with soulless, ghostly eyes. She had seen those eyes before, in another dream.Eveshi… Ahrraman… Akachi’s brother…Araman? The Araman who had usurped Safiya’s Academy? Could he somehow…?“Life and death flow together in that simple slab of rock. Pass through it, and you will find the place of Final Judgment – the city of the dead with its wall of screaming souls,” he answered solemnly, almost sadly. “A wall that my brother vowed to tear down. I swear to you, if I could take it all back… if I could make him see…”Suddenly, a movement on the stairs caused them all to whirl around.It was the Red Woman.“Is that... Safiya?” Gann murmured. “No… it only appears to be her. But so close…”“You? Make him see?” the woman asked incredulously as she approached, largely ignoring Gann and Rhaine’s presence. “Araman, you flitting shadow… you were nothing but a leaf caught in a great storm. Why do you hunt me? You would destroy everything that your brother strove for… render his sacrifice meaningless!”The man hissed, “Not to destroy, to set things right! How could I choose my brother over my god? He chose mortal love above the deities, and the Realms paid the price. Yes, I was a feeble and flitting thing when I followed him through that door… but I learned from his decisions… his mistakes.”They both looked at Rhaine, then, as if expecting some sort of answer. She glanced between them, “Ah… look, the Betrayer wouldn’t have wanted this strife between you, would he?”At that, the Red Woman’s face softened somewhat. “No… he wouldn’t.”Araman’s expression, however, hardened. “What my brother wanted… how could that matter? My brother wanted to uproot the planes and tear the gods down from on high! The universe cannot be rent asunder for the sake of one soul!”Rhaine hesitated. She thought she was beginning to understand, and this was a complicated matter indeed. “There has to be much more to this than a simple bond between brothers. It sounds to me like your hand is being forced, somehow… I do not think you are to blame…”“What?!” the Red Woman exclaimed. “How can you absolve him of responsibility! He could have chosen to stand by his brother until the end! Instead, he is a mask for a dark and twisted thing… a dead thing!” She shook her finger accusingly at the Doomguide. “At the end of your road lies dead faiths, and when you reach it, you will see him for what he is!”The two wizards then attacked each other, the Red Woman also summoning servants to deal with Rhaine and Gann. Between the combined power of her three opponents, however, the Red Woman fell easily, and when it was over, Araman looked down at the woman’s body and then back up to Rhaine, his silvery eyes meeting hers. “Thank you. I took no pleasure in her death. Remember that, when we meet outside of dreams.”There was a flash of light, and both wizards abruptly vanished, leaving Rhaine and Gannayev alone again.“This dream is finished,” Gann muttered. “But its meaning eludes me, for now. And look, there is another portal.” He pointed to the stairs, where the dream portal had reappeared. “Let us see where it leads.”------------------------------------------------------Grey soil, dry and cracked, crunched beneath their boots. The air was filled with a chilling sound – the tortured wails of thousands of souls. Louder than this was the howl of wind that whipped around the pair.And Rhaine found she could not breathe… could barely move… for the sheer terror that clutched her heart.Immediately, she knew where she was – where this new dream was set. She should not be here. Even in dreaming, she should not be here…Ahead of her was the Wall of the Faithless, and this was the Fugue Plane – the realm of the dead, with the City of Judgment at its grey heart. Only a small section of the City was visible to her, however. Nothing but the Wall was clear, and everything else was shrouded in a blanket of thick, white mist.“What is this place?” Gannayev looked around, his brow furrowed. “Do you know? It is alien to me.”“The realm of the dead,” Rhaine croaked, her voice nearly failing her.She had no choice but to move forward, however, coming ever closer to that wall of eternally-screaming souls. It was twenty feet high, composed of the countless billions of Faithless spirits that had been mortared there for centuries. They were compacted together, limbs twisted at odd angles, covered in what appeared to be a greenish mold.And then, amid that wall of damned souls, she saw a face she recognized… a face she never thought to see again.

His body was almost entirely absorbed into the Wall, now – only his face remained above the surface. One of his eyes was colorless, and his once-dark hair had been drained white. The other eye focused on her as she approached, her mouth open in disbelief.“Well, well, well,” he smirked. “Fancy seeing you here.”“Bishop? I thought you had escaped? You ran from Garius… you should have survived…”“Oh really? I remember things a little differently,” he hissed sharply. “Your brilliant plan brought that whole place down on top of us. The last thing I recall seeing was bits of my own skull.”His good eye then flicked past her to Gann. “And who’s this? Broke poor Casavir’s heart and traded up for this hagspawned wretch, did you? Or did you leave the paladin under a pile of rock as well?”“You always saw something between Casavir and I that wasn’t there, Bishop,” Rhaine retorted.“Really? Well, if I see dear Casavir in the Wall, I’ll give him my regards. We’ll chat like old times… trade a few stories about our fickle swamp wench.”Suddenly, the entire Wall shifted, and the souls cried out as the structure rippled and bucked, pulling them all further into its depths, even if it was only by a few inches. For an instant, Bishop’s smirk was replaced with true fear until the Wall stopped moving at last.“Can you hear it?” he asked quietly. “Beneath the screams? They know why you’re here.”Rhaine’s brow furrowed. “What? This is nothing but a dream… I’m not here for any reason…”There was a pause, and then Bishop’s one good eye widened. “Wait, I saw you! Here! I saw you in the Wall!”The Doomguide’s own eyes grew wide as well, her heart galloping. “No… that’s not possible…”“Wait,” Bishop squinted at her, as if doing so might allow him to see her more clearly. “You’re not her. You’re a mask… nothing but a mask…”Rhaine was about to open her mouth to ask what on Toril he was talking about when there was another cry from the spirits, this time in terror. The cries became louder and louder, nearly overwhelming her…Bishop’s eye focused on Rhaine’s. “He’s seen you! The god of the dead! He’s seen you! They’re coming…”

At the sound of invocations behind them, Gann and Rhaine whirled, and there came two brilliant flashes of light. The Doomguide barely had enough time to cast an Elemental Shield before the fiery magic of a Pit Fiend and a Horned Devil slammed into them both. The spirit shaman had to douse himself in magical water before summoning an air elemental to help even the odds. It was a ferocious battle, and one that left Rhaine quite drained, even in dreaming; her hunger was ever-worsening, and the smallest fights were getting to be too tiring to keep up. She needed to feed soon… hopefully on something undead…After the devils were banished, the hagspawn leaned over with his hands on his thighs, panting for breath. Rhaine, too, had collapsed to her knees on the hard grey earth. After a moment, Gann pointed to the Wall. “This isn’t over, yet. I think we should go back to where your ‘friend’ was.”She nodded and, with Gann’s help, stood once more. Making her way back over to Bishop, she found that the evil ranger had been completely sucked into the Wall now. However, his hand had shifted in the process, and she noticed that something was yet stuck in its grasp.Tentatively, she reached out and let her fingers brush the surface of the Wall, a shudder wracking her spine on contact. Even through her gauntlets, it was soft and springy, like moss. She then dug further into the material a bit with her fingertips, frowning as she did so. But the Doomguide suddenly hissed and jerked back as something pricked her finger through the leather of her glove and drew blood. Pulling a bit of the moss-like substance away to see what it was, she found that there were barbs like briars under the surface – long, sharp, and perfect for holding things fast.Carefully, then, she began tugging at the thing in Bishop’s hand, and little by little, she began to work it free. She kept pulling and wiggling, pulling and wiggling, until, finally, it came loose at last.It was another leather mask fragment to join the first two.“This mask,” Gann breathed. “I’m beginning to think that it is far more significant than its shattered appearance would suggest.”And then, at last, the portal reopened behind them, indicating that this dream had run its course. Rhaine was quite relieved to see it, and together, they left the facsimile of the Fugue far behind them, wondering what else the Coven would throw at them.------------------------------------------------------They found themselves back in the Chamber of Dreamers, the nine hags suspended before them. Considering the fact that Safiya, Kaelyn, and Okku were nowhere in sight, it was safe to assume that this was yet another dreamscape. The magical barriers that protected the hags were gone, and sounds of collective snoring filled their ears. Then, the noise of a thousand whispers began to fill the chamber overtop it, until they coalesced into a single voice that addressed Rhaine directly.

“You,” Gann interjected, the fury in his voice barely held in check, “you are the ones who sleep beneath Rashemen.”

“You are the murderers of my father, and the wardens of my mother, cursing her never to sleep… never to dream.”

“Why?” He demanded, visibly trembling in anger. “She did not harm you! She did not-”“She broke our law, spawn! Such disobediences must be punished, or they are repeated! Now… spirit-eater. What are your questions?”Rhaine hesitated, glancing to Gann. “Those visions… why did you show them to me?”“We did not show you. You showed us, and we drank deep. Such was the price of the words we now speak to you.”Her brow furrowed. “So you’re saying that those dreams came from my mind, not yours?”“Yes. From its deepest places… where dream and memory both mingle and are often forgotten.”She paused for a moment, exchanging surprised looks with Gann again before continuing, “Two women came to you some time ago with business that concerned me. What did they ask you about?”“Yes, the white twin and the red. They sought to put an end to your affliction… to ease your suffering. Words are cumbersome… we will show you what you wish you know.”The two women suddenly stepped forward past her – semi-transparent, like apparitions. Rhaine realized that she was seeing an event that occurred in the past, when the women had come to the Coven for answers, and this was a replication of what the Coven had seen.“The white twin was Lienna… the red twin was Nefris.”Nefris!? The Doomguide’s thoughts were awhirl. That was the name of Safiya’s mother…The two specters halted right where Rhaine was standing, and Nefris was the first to speak. “See us hags of the Coven, and know us for what we are.”“We beseech your wisdom, and we offer you gifts of dreams the likes of which you have never seen,” Lienna added.“Your dreams are indeed a treasure trove,” the hags had answered, “and we know the question that lurks in your minds. But you must give it voice. Speak.”“Please,” Lienna pleaded. “We would wish to know how to end the affliction that the Rashemi call the ‘spirit-eater.’ We have searched for so long…”“Tell us how to end the suffering of the eater of souls!” Nefris demanded. “How may we grant it peace?”The hags did not respond for several minutes, the whispers withdrawing and seeming to converse amongst themselves. At last, however, they coalesced again, and they answered, “That curse is a punishment, meted out by one who once reigned as god of the dead. He alone knows its beginnings, and he alone knows how it may be ended.”Rhaine’s mouth dropped open, her mind reeling. But she could not stop to think, as the vision was not yet over.Lienna’s eyes widened. “You… you speak of Myrkul. But he is dead!”“We seek an answer, not a riddle!” Nefris snapped. “That god of the dead has passed from existence and memory! His throne has long been usurped!”“His body is dead, yes,” the hags replied, “but his thoughts are still active in his rotting hulk of a mind. As long as people remember him, even if they are pitiful few, he will persist. He dreams, and his visions are rife with the desire for vengeance.”“Then we must speak… with a dead god?” Lienna asked incredulously.Nefris’s face hardened, her voice strengthened with resolve. “It can be done. That is all we would ask of you, sisters of the Coven. Thank you.”And with that, the apparitions vanished at last.“So this curse is the doing of one of your gods?” Gann asked skeptically.“‘Your gods?’ The gods of the dead watch you, Gannayev-of-Dreams! And if you do not believe in them, then one of their harshest laws shall be inflicted upon you – to lie in the Wall of the Faithless until you are nothing more than a fading dream. So, keep your defiance if you must, but it will be your undoing in the end.”Rhaine stepped forward, heart pounding. “Did they succeed? Did they actually speak with Myrkul? And if so, how?”“We do not know. Nefris returned to her Academy and Lienna to her theater. Seek the room with portals and beg passage from the Keeper of Doors. There is a portal there that provides access to places only the traveler knows. It is by this portal that you will find your way to the Academy.”Silence followed, and Rhaine let out a long, shuddering breath before nodding her understanding, filing away all that the Coven had revealed to her. “Thank you.”But then, steeling herself, she drew her sword. “And now, hags, your dream is going to come to an end.”“Yes,” Gann snarled as he tightened his grip on his spear. “Show them the horror of the waking world!”“Foolish, stupid thing! You would end a treasure trove of dreams that is unsurpassed in this plane… among all the planes? You would shatter the collection of memories from thousands of mortals who have long perished… the knowledge of everyone from kings to wizards… all because of an idiotic whim? You will bring this entire place down around your ears, and then what will you have gained?”Rhaine’s eyes narrowed. “You may have done such wonders, but you did so by theft. I will make sure that you no longer walk unbidden in mortals’ dreams, haunting their sleep and trespassing in their minds!”“You have neither the strength nor the will! You will fail and then your power will be ours!”“She is not alone,” Gann added, his face alight with determination. “I stand with her, and I am no novice to unraveling dreams.”At that, Rhaine nodded to the hagspawn, and together, they mentally assaulted the Coven’s collective minds with the help of Gulk’aush’s eye, which she had thrust into Gann’s hand. The Doomguide then added her spirit-eating abilities to the dreamwalker’s considerable skill, her greedy hunger ravaging through the energies that held the knowledge of eons together like the threads of a spider’s web, and the Coven’s collective dream began to break apart at its weak points. Ultimately, it shattered in a thousand ribbons of power that slipped right out of the Coven’s grasp, snatched into the ravening void. One by one, the hags awoke at last, screaming in rage, and the pair was launched from the dreamscape and into the waking world…There was a flash of light, and suddenly Okku launched past Rhaine, his ivory fangs bared for the attack. Safiya and Kaelyn joined the fray, and soon the nine hags were nothing more than smoldering corpses on the floor of the ruin, its halls silent. This action, however, had indeed destabilized the Sunken City even further than it already was, and the companions were forced to flee through the winding corridors, across the shadow pier, and back through the black portal to the sunlit lakeshore. From there, they watched as what remained of the Imaskari city sank beneath the roiling waves of Lake Mulsantir.Gone. And Gulk’aush with it.

Sand, sand, and more sand.That was the first thing Rhaine noticed about the Thaymount.A portal in Lienna’s shadow theatre did indeed lead them there, and thus it was confirmed that Nefris was the one who had taken both the silver shard and the rest of the Sword of Gith from Rhaine. Safiya was more than a little surprised at the confirmation that her mother would do such a thing, ruthless as she could sometimes be. She was even more astonished that Nefris had managed to accomplish all of this without her ever knowing about it.The second thing the Doomguide noticed was that the Academy of Shapers and Binders was well-guarded by a band of gnolls and locked tight as a drum. It seemed that Araman’s coup had occurred rather quickly, and the headmistress and her supporters had stood little chance against him. As Nefris’s daughter, Safiya knew very well that she was in danger here, and she voiced her concern that there might not be any allies of hers left alive.After fighting their way past the hyena-headed guards, they entered the Academy at last. Fortunately for them, the first wizard who spotted them was one of Safiya’s old mentors, Master Djafi. Djafi informed them that Araman was looking for Safiya, but that he was not presently at the Academy. He mentioned that Araman was also searching for a way to kill the “Founder” – the wizardess who had begun the whole school. However, because of that last endeavor, Djafi seemed to think that Araman had lost more than a few marbles, as the Founder had supposedly died hundreds of years previous. Nevertheless, Araman’s preoccupation with such a task would keep him from noticing Safiya’s presence, and the group would be able to investigate what Nefris was doing before she was killed – hopefully without incident.The halls of the school of magic were yet littered with the dead, both instructors and students alike; any who had openly sided themselves with the headmistress had been slain on the spot. Priceless artifacts had been shattered to pieces, ancient books burned, and blood yet pooled in the corners. But what was most disturbing about it all was that the instructors who lived continued to hold class as if nothing had ever happened.Even though, judging from their state, the souls of the dead were long past the bounds of the Prime, Rhaine still paused in the foyer and muttered a collective Passing for them. Once finished, however, Safiya cast her a sidelong glance.“You said those words once before, in the shadow theatre at Mulsantir,” the wizardess said. “Though I’m certain it has to do with your profession, I’m curious as to the function, if you don’t mind explaining.”Rhaine sighed. “In short, it’s a part of Last Rites. Once a person dies, the Passing is recited to help speed that soul along to the Fugue Plane – to let Kelemvor know to watch out for them. It is intended to smooth the journey on the Final Road, so no souls linger too long in perilous places. Admittedly, it does little after so long a time. But it feels wrong to pass by so many dead, killed in such a violent way, and not say a little something for them. No matter who they might have been in life.”Safiya cocked her head, hazel eyes meeting hers for a long while before she glanced away. “I can respect that. In a way, I feel I should thank you on their behalf, even if it’s for a kindness they likely never would have reciprocated in life.” She visibly swallowed. “But they were still my mother’s allies, however callous, and they deserved better than what they were dealt.”“I may no longer be a Doomguide,” Kaelyn added, “but I know well the value of one’s words when it comes to ensuring souls move on to their afterlife. We can only pray the suffering dealt in these people’s final moments, and on such a large scale, does not produce enough negative energy to cause a haunting.”And for once, Rhaine agreed with the half-celestial.As the Doomguide continued to look around, cautiously taking in her surroundings with the din of lectures floating in the background, a slight glitter of metal on a nearby shelf caught her eye. She moved over to a tall bookcase in the entry hall and saw that a vase had shattered at its base, a ring resting within. Wondering why a ring would be hidden away in a vase, she carefully reached for the small gold band that lay in the darkness there. As soon as she picked it up, her stomach flopped, her heart skipping a beat.It radiated the exact same soothing warmth that would have come… should have come… from her own holy amulet any time it was touched. It was a feeling she knew all too well, and upon experiencing it again, the sweet sensation of utter peace falling over her, she realized just how hollow and cold her heart had felt for what seemed like an eternity…“What is it?” Safiya asked, peering over her shoulder.“I do not know,” Rhaine murmured, almost in awe, her throat constricting even as the spirit-eater writhed defiantly inside her, demanding attention. “But it feels so… familiar…”The Doomguide turned the ring over and over in her hands, looking for some sort of identifying mark that would tell her what, precisely, this was. But it appeared for all the world to be just a plain gold band… until she at last glimpsed something etched on the inside. A faint inscription, nearly rubbed away from constant wear.

Her mouth dropped open, her breath caught in her throat, and her hands began to tremble. “By all the gods… Safiya, how did this come to rest here?”The Red Wizard frowned. “A great many artifacts have always been here, at least for the entirety of my life. What did you find?”Rhaine half-smiled, curling her gloved fingers around the ring. “A great relic of my church, in fact. This is Kelemvor’s family ring.”At that, Kaelyn’s eyebrows rose high, and there was a slight rumble of acknowledgment from Okku. Rhaine herself could hardly believe what she was saying. No doubt there were a great many charlatans who had created copies of such a ring – the design was simple enough that it could easily be replicated by any competent jeweler. However, the feeling in her gut, past that damnable ravening void, told her that this was the real thing… and that it was not by mere chance that she had found it. Not in the midst of the darkest time in her life thus far.Perhaps there was hope after all.------------------------------------------------------The headmistress’s tower was a wreck. All of her papers, books, and personal artifacts had been strewn across her chambers like autumn leaves. Even so, Safiya managed to recover her mother’s journal from a pile of ruined tomes near the window, and it suggested that Nefris had been involved in a great many experiments… but none of them addressed the spirit-eater curse or a way to find Myrkul, as the Coven revealed she had been pursuing. The only other thing of note was a door set into the far wall, charred as if a great many fireballs had been thrown at it. Yet it had held firm through such an arcane assault, and thus it presented itself as their only lead.After much examination, Safiya concluded that the only way to open the door was to provide four “fabricated souls.” She then explained that the Academy not only dealt with the magical school of Transmutation but also the school of Necromancy, and a library in the Academy kept a great many so-called “soul housings” – spherical devices that trapped individual souls within for examination and experimentation. Four slots in the unopenable door would hold these spheres perfectly. Safiya was certain, however, that the souls they needed would not be sitting in the library waiting to be checked out; judging from the experiments that had been addressed in Nefris’s journal, the headmistress had hidden the required soul housings behind various obstacles around the Academy, and they would have to solve these puzzles to gain the proper spheres.Rhaine was none too pleased with this catalogue of souls, and Safiya admitted that it made her uneasy as well. Thus, she promised the Doomguide that if she were to ever become headmistress, she would remove the library and free the souls trapped within the housings. Satisfied that the wizardess would keep her word, Rhaine said nothing more about it… even though the urge to smash every single one of the small spheres herself was almost irresistible.Hours later, they were in the midst of solving the headmistress’s challenges when Rhaine came across a man she never thought she would see again. The group was passing by the infirmary, and she just happened to glance inside to see a strikingly familiar bald head with a ruddy beard inside. Astounded, the Doomguide caught Safiya by the arm and dragged her into the room behind her.It was none other than Ammon Jerro.The warlock was not entirely himself, however. Apparently, the infirmary was a ward for the soulless. His body lay stiff as a board on one of the hard cots, his soul magically extracted and taken somewhere else in the Academy. Rhaine immediately set about searching for it, bent on restoring her former companion to life. After much searching and persuading, the Doomguide finally managed to procure it; his soul had been traded to two bound Pit Fiends elsewhere in the Academy’s halls, who wanted yet another soul in exchange for giving up his. After swallowing her scruples and finding an appropriate trade for them, the Doomguide received Ammon’s soul from the pair of devils. She then quickly returned to the infirmary and brought the soul housing close to the warlock’s body.There was a sharp intake of breath, then, as if Ammon was quite literally inhaling his spirit from the orb. The light of the sphere rapidly faded until the glass housing was nothing more than a transparent crystal ball in her hand. His wild eyes fluttered open, and he attempted to sit straight up before Rhaine pushed him back down on the cot. “It’s all right! It’s me… Rhaine. I just returned your soul to you.”Ammon’s brow furrowed, and his eyes flicked here and there as he looked her over, studying her. “You… I’m somehow not surprised to see you here. Though, you do look a little worse for wear.”“You’re in a right state yourself, Ammon Jerro,” Rhaine remarked with a raised eyebrow. “How in the world did you get here?”He paused a moment, closing his eyes briefly, as if thinking. Then, after a few moments, he replied, “Long story short, I followed those beasts that were carrying you out of Merdelain, and I managed to get through their portal before it closed. As it turns out, the mistress who sent them was none too pleased to see me come in after you.” He shook his head. “She and I have a bit of a history, you see, and she wanted her revenge against me. So, she dealt with me swiftly, putting me in that pitiful state in which you found me.”“Well,” the Doomguide replied, crossing her arms, “you don’t have to worry about her anymore. She’s dead. One of the senior instructors led a coup against her.”“Hmm,” Ammon hummed, brow furrowing. “That is most intriguing. The headmistress was an incredibly powerful wizardess. If anyone was somehow able to lead a successful rebellion against her, I shudder to think what terrible magic they might possess. But I suppose that explains how you’re able to roam around here without incurring any wrath.”“Yes,” Rhaine answered with a slow nod. “Though she did manage to cripple me, too, before she died. I’m now afflicted with an ancient curse called the ‘spirit-eater.’”The warlock sighed heavily, closing his eyes. “Then it seems my attempt to protect you failed.”“But we did finish the King of Shadows,” she added. “There is at least that. And speaking of which, what happened to the rest of our companions. Do you know? I can’t remember anything past the nightwalker exploding…”“Ah,” Ammon nodded. “I thought you might ask about that. So you remember nothing of the collapse that followed?”She shook her head, lips pressing together. “I’m afraid not. I think I was knocked out rather quickly and… and I have been unable to recover any relevant memories since.”“Very well, ask about them and I’ll tell you what I can recall.”Rhaine’s thoughts first went to the primary arcane spellcasters among them. “Do you know anything about Sand or Qara?”“The last I heard from Sand was a Transmutation spell… a polymorph, if I remember correctly. If he chose his form carefully – say, an iron golem – then it is likely that the wizard lives. Qara as well.”She nodded. “What of Grobnar?”“The foolish gnome threw himself on top of his precious ‘Construct’ as a pillar fell towards it,” he replied with a snort. “I saw neither of them stir beneath the rubble.”Rhaine winced. “And Elanee?”“The druidess lives, I do believe. I think I saw her race by in animal form just as the final collapse occurred.”“Neeshka?”At the tiefling’s name, Ammon let out a soft chuckle. “I don’t know if it was her lucky coin, or if someone was watching over her from below, but she managed to dodge every mishap that came her way. The only thing that prevented her from following me in your pursuit was a wall of debris that fell in her path. It is likely that she lives.”She smiled. “Khelgar?”“I know he lives,” Ammon replied with a lifted finger. “He almost made it to the portal with me, but it snapped shut behind me. It is good that he did not follow, though. I doubt Nefris would have spared him.”“Zhjaeve?”“She vanished utterly. I did not see her amongst either the living or the dead.”“And Casavir?”The warlock’s gaze drifted away. “His back gave out as he held open a collapsing doorway so that the rest of us would be able to pass through. A fitting end for one so chivalrous, I do believe.”Finally, Rhaine nodded her understanding and fell silent for many moments. If Ammon’s account was true, then Bishop, Grobnar, and Casavir had all perished in the collapse. But there was a great chance that Khelgar, Neeshka, Sand, Qara, and Elanee were still alive… possibly even Zhjaeve. It was not as bad as she had thought it might be, but the fact that any of them had died from the fall of the Vale hurt her greatly.“So,” she looked back at Ammon, her voice softer, “what will you do now?”He sighed again and looked up at the ceiling. “I do not know. Now that my quest is complete, I feel without purpose. I would join with you again, but I am too weak at the moment, and if what you say about your current state is true, then you have no time to waste waiting on me to recover.” He turned his head, grasping her hand in his own with surprising strength. “Go on with your life, Rhaine Alcinea, and do not worry about me.”The Doomguide inclined her head, squeezing back. “Very well, Ammon. It has been good to speak with you again, and I thank you for your knowledge concerning our comrades – it offers a bit of closure, at least.” She smiled weakly, then, clasping her fist to her chest in salute. “Fare thee well, my friend, and may you recover swiftly.”------------------------------------------------------The four soul housings, once finally obtained, fit into the door seamlessly. Rhaine had just pushed it open to see a small hallway beyond when she heard a noise behind her. She and her companions whirled around, weapons at the ready. There, filling the headmistress’s chambers, were the remaining instructors of the Academy – including Master Djafi – with Araman at their head.“You!” Safiya hissed.“There,” one of the wizards spoke, pointing eagerly. “The door is open, Araman. We waited, and we have done all you asked of us. Now all that is left is to take care of those fools.”“I’m telling you, the girl doesn’t deserve this!” Djafi exclaimed. “We’ll do it quickly and mercifully or I’ll have no part-”“Wait,” Araman held up his hand to silence them. He then approached Rhaine, peering at her as if to look through her, not at her. He was so very pale in comparison to his darker-skinned, Thayan colleagues, his features hard and almost gaunt. His silvery eyes met hers, and she shuddered.“Araman,” she murmured, even as she clutched Touch of Death tighter in her grip. “I saw you… in my dream…”He cracked a wry smile, but it was one that faded quickly. “A dream? Or a memory? Is there anything left of you in that shell?”One of the wizards looked irritated at his words. “Araman, with all due respect, I do not see the reason to play games any long-”“Silence!” Araman barked fiercely. “This is my brother I’m speaking to.”At that, the Doomguide’s face bore an expression of puzzlement upon it, even as her thoughts swirled wildly in her mind at his suggestion. “What? You are mistaken. I grew to womanhood on the other side of the world. There is no way-”“No. That is the identity of the mask you wear,” Araman replied softly. “Cast that aside. Look deeper, if you can. Go back to Rashemen… to home. Behind that door, you may find truth. But you will also find folly… a folly that will tear the planes asunder.”Ever-confused, Rhaine shook her head. “If there is truth behind that door, then I have no choice but to press on.”It was then that Araman closed his eyes, as if in irritation – but his calm, almost melancholy tone did not change. “Then I can protect you no longer. Go. My fight is not with you.”And with that, he promptly turned on his heels and left the headmistress’s chambers without another word, leaving them all, including Safiya, in stunned silence.The remaining Red Wizards did not leave with him, however. They were eager to rid themselves of the last remnant of Nefris’s regime – Safiya herself. Fortunately, Rhaine managed to convince Master Djafi to side with her and Safiya against them, and together they launched a massive spell battle that rocked the headmistress’s chambers. There were so many explosions and flickering shields that it was hard to tell who was friend or foe. Twice, the Doomguide was thrown against a back wall with the force of a Bigby’s Crushing Hand. Gann had once again been set on fire, and he was forced to run right into his own water elemental to douse the flames.At last, however, the room was deathly still. Djafi had suffered many wounds, which Kaelyn promptly patched up as Rhaine recited another Passing. He then returned to the main Academy to deter any followers, while Rhaine and her group passed through the mysterious doorway. There, at the end of a long hall, was yet another portal. This one, however, was not a shadow portal. Judging from the runes along its archway, it led to the Astral Plane – the endless sea between worlds.Taking a breath and throwing caution to the wind, Rhaine stepped through.

Rhaine felt that if she inhaled too deeply, she would float away. She and her companions had been deposited on what appeared to be a meteor that floated within a blue and violet maelstrom. Smaller meteors drifted lazily past, and the faint twinkle of stars could be seen beyond the protective “winds” surrounding this chunk of dark rock. The Doomguide stepped forward, making her way around what seemed to be a solid stone wall, her sword held at the ready, and it was then that she was confronted by three Death Knights. These undead servitors, though nothing but skeletons now, still wore the elaborate black and silver armor they had sported in life. Their eyes glowed as scarlet pinpricks in the dark slits of their visors. One of these knights stepped forward, his age illustrated by his manner of speaking – the long lost speech of noble chivalry.“Halt!” he commanded, holding up a hand to stop her. “Why dost thou approach? My master hath spoken of expecting a visitor… one whom he hath described as having an ‘insatiable appetite’.”“Your mas-?” she was cut off as she glanced to the left and then did a double-take, her mouth falling open in shock.That rock wall was not a wall, but a portion of a massive pelvic bone. Her eyes slowly followed what was definitely a gargantuan spine and ribcage before finally focusing on a massive skull. The skeleton, which appeared to be embedded in the very rock upon which they stood, reclined in a distinctly casual manner on the natural curve of the meteor.Myrkul.Or, what was left of him.“Err,” she turned back to the Death Knight, swallowing hard. “I am a spirit-eater. That would fit your master’s description.”The Death Knight paused and then took a step backwards, gesturing towards the skeleton as if to formally allow her passage. “Indeed. You may speak with him… but you will need to come closer and whisper in his ear.”Rhaine looked back up at the skeleton’s spine, which effectively served as a ramp straight to the giant skull. Heaving a shaky sigh, she took a step, resting her foot on one of the vertebrae. There was neither movement from the skeleton, nor any objection from the other Death Knights in response. Slowly… carefully… she climbed the dead god’s spine and approached his skull, her companions following closely but silently behind her. Part of her was curious to know what Gann might be thinking in that moment.Then, as the bones of the ribcage arched high overhead, the empty eye sockets abruptly lit up with bright azure flame, and a matching nimbus of light encircled the skull like an aureole.“Ahhh, what is this? Are you a dream? A fantasy? A recollection spawned of my own dead mind? Yes… you are that. But you are more, too…”Myrkul spoke to them, his voice a high-pitched whisper that grated within their minds, commanding their attention. It was laced with a casual arrogance that clashed rather harshly with his current state of being. And then, she felt the dead god’s attention focus specifically on her.“I know you, spirit-eater. You are an irony that walks… two fates bound together, both severed and incomplete.”“‘Two fates’?” Rhaine repeated, brow furrowed. “What do you mean?”“Two fates, yes. Of the hero who plied the Sword Coast, I know little. But the other, Akachi, is just as I left him.”The Doomguide’s eyes widened, her heart skipping a beat. So her suspicions were confirmed at last. The spirit-eater was Akachi… or what was left of him after Myrkul had his way. That meant that Araman was indeed Eveshi – if Rhaine was also to assume that he was correct in calling her his “brother.”But how had Araman lived so long? And why did he seek to kill Nefris, Lienna, and now the Founder?“He is…empty, now,” Myrkul continued, his voice tinged with cruel amusement that caused a shiver to race down her spine. “A ravening void that always seeks to fill itself up… to reclaim what the Wall took from him. So, he steals a face, a body, and a name. These things are a mask to be worn for a time, until they, too, are devoured by his endless hunger.”“This thing inside me was once a man,” Rhaine replied, her tone deathly quiet, “and you turned him into a monster… a monster that ruined my life and the lives of hundreds… nay thousands…”“Yes… a man whose crimes against the planes were unsurpassed. And so I devised a fitting punishment. His hunger was born of the Wall of the Faithless. I placed him there, and I watched as his mind slowly drained away. His thoughts… his memories… these things were taken from him one by one. But before the Wall could consume him completely, I tore him free… so that his suffering – his emptiness – would linger eternal.”At that, Rhaine stared at those azure flames, and she felt them boring back into her as she absorbed Myrkul’s words. She did not feel fear, however; in fact, a boiling rage was growing within her by the second. Here, she had her culprit. The source of all her suffering quite literally lay before her…And now, as she looked upon Myrkul’s corpse at last, she was hit with a wave of realization – memories of what the hags had told her at Coveya Kurg’annis swimming to the surface of her mind. There was another reason behind the creation of the spirit-eater… one that the dead god was not revealing. Not yet, at least.“You are only telling part of the truth, Myrkul,” she charged. “Akachi’s punishment was more than just that.”

“Oh, yes,” Rhaine continued, smirking. “And the very fact you are still cognizant after all this time is proof of it.”The voice hissed in response. “If you are so clever, Doomguide, then make your point.”“My point is this: you needed a way to keep yourself alive – a way that was more certain than the feeble hope that the dwindling remnants of your priesthood would still whisper your name on occasion. This curse was a long-term plan. As long as it never ended, the memory of your evil works would persist… and so would you.”“Ah… what a sure wager you were, spirit-eater,” Myrkul answered, obviously pleased in some sort of sick and twisted way. “And of all the masks, you are the first to know what you truly are. Two faces bound together… one betrayed my faith, and the other never worshipped me at all. But together, you are my truest disciple. The irony is deep, and worthy of a god’s devising.”His words made her nauseous, and she fought the bile rising quickly in her throat. To know that she was keeping her own god’s predecessor alive… giving him a chance to reclaim his old throne by merely existing in this twisted manner…But she wasn’t here to indulge Myrkul’s conceited reveling in his own evil achievements. She needed to find out how to end this perversion. But how to persuade the dead god into revealing it to her? Especially now that she knew for a fact it was his eternal phylactery, in a sense?And now, on top of that, there was another alarming issue with which to contend. One that could not be ignored any more than ending the curse could. She knew from the Academy’s soul repository and the Founder’s experiments that it was almost impossible to combine souls in the same housing… one or the other was almost always displaced in the process.That begged the question of just where her own soul had gone…“So,” Rhaine finally asked, her fists clenching as she steeled herself, “if Akachi is within me… where is my soul, now?”“I made a place for him in the Wall of the Faithless. Your soul has gone to fill it. When the Betrayer’s hunger finally consumes your body and mind, your soul will be dissolved into the Wall and you will be no more. To reclaim your soul… to tear it from the Wall… only in that impossibility would you ever find your salvation.”Her eyes widened, her breath loud in her ears. No… no… it was impossible… there had to be another way…“But how to assault the City of Judgment?” the dead god continued in a mockingly musing tone, evidently entertained to no end by her growing horror. “Unless the road was already paved for you?”She reeled as though struck. “The Betrayer’s Gate, in your Vault. The gate I saw in my dream.”“Yes, spirit-eater. That gate is a doorway to the empire that I lost – the realm of the dead. Do you have the key, I wonder? You possessed it once… it is that which you and the Betrayer held in common – the silver blade of the demigoddess, Gith.”Her eyelids slipped shut, her lips pressed together. She should have realized it sooner. If the replica gate was opened by the replica sword, then the real gate would be opened by the real blade.“It awaits you, fully forged, in the sanctum of one who loves you. Everything in place… as if it were planned this way from the start.”Rhaine’s temper flared, her eyes snapping open again. “Your plan, Myrkul? For your deranged pleasure? So you can watch your successor’s faithful fall from grace?”“The pleasure may be mine, but the plan is not. Your ally and your enemy are one and the same here… and I am neither. Yes, spirit-eater... you must do what Akachi did so long ago. Kelemvor will know the pain of true betrayal when his most precious Favored Soul - his most trusted servant - breaks his highest law!

“Use the Sword to open the Gate… assault the City of Judgment and tear your soul from the Wall. Finish what Akachi began. Your Captains have long awaited your return. When the Gate swings wide they will come like loyal hounds… tongues lolling from their mouths at the very thought of another Crusade.”Realization slammed into her once more. That was what Kaelyn had been looking for in Myrkul’s Vault. She wanted to find another way to the Fugue… and a way to summon Akachi’s lieutenants for herself. The only reason she had failed to do so was because she lacked the proper key…“To whistle up your dogs, spirit-eater, you will need the Sword of Gith. Two portals lead from this drifting cairn of mine. One brought you here. The other will lead to the sanctum where your ‘ally’ awaits. Go quickly, if you wish to look upon her face. You will not be her only visitor this day.”Rhaine tightened her grip on Touch of Death again. “Araman followed me through the portal, didn’t he?”“My hound is clever, is he not? You opened the way, as he had hoped, and now he has followed your ally to her lair. You saw him in your dream… saw him for the priest he once was. He served me at his brother’s side, and he turned against me at his brother’s whim. He chose his brother over his god, but in Akachi’s defeat, I showed Araman mercy. He saw the error of his ways and repented on his knees.”“Did he really?” Rhaine quipped. “Or did you give him some ‘encouragement’?”“Ah, spirit-eater…perhaps some part of Akachi does linger in your mind. You know me as he once did. Yes. I ensured Araman would not betray me again. I put a geas upon him and imprisoned his soul in the City of Judgment… a hostage, until such time as he sends your ally’s soul to its rightful place. His body does not decay, at my decree, until he brings down his quarry.”“And is Araman’s soul still there?”“Yes. It lies in the Fugue, still. The order of a god is not so easily changed, and Kelemvor is loathe to reverse any judgment, lest he be seen as too human… too weak. Your ally’s very existence breaks his law as well.”“And what are you to gain from this, Myrkul?” she asked darkly. “If I end this curse, your plan is shattered. You will fade away into nothingness.”“Will it? You may spare your soul from the torment of the Wall, but Akachi’s will live on. The hunger was born of the Wall… of emptiness. You cannot destroy that which is empty. The spirit-eater will live on without you, as will I.”Rhaine took a breath. “And in assaulting the City of Judgment, I glorify you further.”“With everything you do, spirit-eater, the embers of my soul burn a little brighter.”Suddenly, her hunger twisted painfully. She was incredibly weak now, deprived too long of spirit energy. She bent over at the waist from the sheer agony of it, hating that she was showing Myrkul weakness to his face……and then an idea hit her with icy clarity. Rhaine locked “gazes” with the dead god, her face hardening. She straightened slowly, then, and spoke in a voice that frightened her with its quiet strength.“Now, Myrkul, in return for all that you have given me, I wish to give a very special gift to you.”The dead god’s response was furious. “Judgment is not yours to dispense, spirit-eater! The hunger of the Wall holds no sway over gods!”Just to drive the blade home, she began reciting an exaggerated spiel as a Doomguide in service to Kelemvor, “You are clinging to an undead existence, afraid of what lies beyond – afraid of death. There is no need to fear death, for it is the natural accompaniment to life. As a Doomguide, I vow to direct you to your proper rest… to cleanse you of the taint of undeath-”“You have no right! Judgment is the purview of gods! In everything you do, spirit-eater, you glorify me! You stoke the embers of my soul!”“And now I will snuff those embers out. Farewell, Myrkul.”Starved as she was, it didn’t take much effort to call forth Akachi’s ravenous hunger, which sensed the rampant negative energies that supported the dead god’s undead state. Her power surged forth, latching onto those energies with an extraordinary force, pulling them from Myrkul’s grasp like an invisible rope.“A final irony,” the dead god whispered, “even in this…”Those energies were very abruptly snatched from Myrkul like legs from under a table. They coursed through Rhaine in azure ribbons, restoring her to full strength and beyond. Her vision went white, her body humming with power. Even in his frail undeath, the god’s energies were vast…And then, the flames of Myrkul’s eyes vanished, as did the halo of light about his skull, and all was silent at last.------------------------------------------------------The Death Knights, of course, objected to Rhaine’s actions, and there was a fierce duel between them and her companions afterwards. With her newfound strength, however, the Doomguide put a quick end to the undead warriors, and soon they, too, lay just as quiet as their god.After a few moments, Safiya finally spoke, “So, the old god of the dead is nothing more than a passage in history. Forgive me if I do not weep at his passing. But… how does it feel, having devoured a god?”Rhaine shook her head. “I did what had to be done. I vowed that I would have my revenge on the creator of this curse… and so I did.”“No matter your reasons, I approve,” the wizardess smiled, putting a hand on her armored shoulder.“As do I,” Kaelyn added. “Judgment was long overdue.”The Doomguide smirked. “Well, I now know what you were looking for in his Vault, ‘Dove’. I do hope you don’t intend on calling another Crusade when I open that Gate, because I will not abide it. I go to free my soul and end a curse, not launch another hopeless attack against something that cannot be changed by mortal hands.”At that, there was no answer from Kaelyn. Gann, too, was suspiciously quiet, and Rhaine had a feeling that the dead god had shaken the hagspawn to the core. But they could not dwell on such things. If Araman was already after the Founder and, subsequently, the Sword of Gith, then they could waste no more time. The Doomguide swiftly moved to another open portal, opposite the first, and stepped through.

They found themselves in a musty dungeon, the smell of earth and mold permeating the atmosphere. The place was dimly lit with very low ceilings, making it feel more like a prison than a sanctuary. Judging from the smoothness of the damp stones around them, this place was ancient, indeed.It was also crawling with Myrkulites – the very last remnants of the dead god’s priesthood, garbed in their armored black robes and armed with blessed scythes; Araman had certainly not underestimated his foe. But with every one of the clerics Rhaine and her companions slew during their search, the Doomguide took comfort in knowing that Myrkul’s chances of ever rising again were becoming slimmer and slimmer.At the same time, however, she also feared if they had indeed come too late for the Founder…The priests were not the only obstacles in their way. The labyrinth was constructed in such a manner that the only method of advancing deeper into its bowels was by way of a series of teleporters. Some of these teleporters led to dead ends, and this resulted in the companions getting turned around quite a bit and increasing Rhaine’s frustrations and worries. They had to hurry.At last, however, they came across a large antechamber with a sealed door across from them, and standing before this door, alongside a contingent of a dozen more Myrkulites, was Araman himself.Two of the clerics began advancing towards Rhaine, as if to stop her, but Araman held up a hand again, his scarlet robes swirling as he turned around to face her. “Stay your blades! This is my brother, though his face is not his own.”And the priests obeyed his command, freezing in place.“Araman,” the Doomguide began, hesitant to bring this to a battle between them. “Please… step away from the door. Let me speak with the Founder. She may have the key to ending all of this.”“She is the cause of all of this!” the wizard exclaimed. “Your pain and mine. Ask yourself… how could my brother have done what he did had she not planted the seed in his mind? How could a stranger from the west lie in a barrow and become a victim of this curse if she had not placed you there? She has made you her pawn, and she will manipulate you for her own selfish ends!”“The Red Woman,” Rhaine murmured in realization, awe in her voice. “She was the one Akachi loved… he actually managed to tear her from the Wall…”“She is a Faithless soul,” Araman hissed coldly, “and I will send her back to where she belongs, or I will die and go to my Judgment with a light heart!”They attacked.The fight with the Red Wizards was nothing compared to the battle that ensued between the companions and the last of the Myrkulites. Safiya had spoken truly about Araman – he was a master of both divine and arcane power. Rhaine had never seen anyone handle magic with such proficiency, not even those spellcasters among her companions, past and present. It was, in all actuality, terrifying to experience.The only advantage the companions had was Okku. The great bear spirit was unafraid of the Myrkulites’ considerable melee skill, and he charged them head on, successfully holding them at a strategic distance while his friends desperately tried to keep Araman’s spells at bay. It took all of their strength to keep their own magical shields up while they buffeted Araman’s defenses with destructive incantations in return.But suddenly, in the blink of an eye, a dispelling enchantment from Gann stripped Araman of a very important resistance spell, and Safiya followed up with a fireball so quickly that Rhaine barely caught her movement. The resulting explosion slammed into Araman, flaring white hot and filling the room with its scorching heat.When the brightness of the spell faded at last, the room was completely still and eerily quiet. Rhaine blinked the spots from her vision, and it was then she saw the Myrkulites lying in bloody heaps upon the dank floor……and all that remained of Araman was a few charred scraps of his scarlet robes.Rhaine, Gann, and Kaelyn all gaped at Safiya momentarily, unable to form words. The wizardess looked back at them, her face hard but her eyes brimming with emotion.“That was for my mother.”------------------------------------------------------The inner sanctum was alive with golems large and small. Some of them were clay golems, like the Keeper of Doors. Others were crude wooden archers. Still others were blade spiders and homunculi like Kaji. Two of these homunculi hovered forward, shielding someone beyond from view. They hissed at Rhaine, trying to keep her back and away.But then, an ancient, cracking voice – feminine – spoke in a grandmotherly command, “Shoo! Let me greet-”“Mother?!”Safiya’s staff clattered to the floor as the homunculi fluttered away and revealed an ancient, petite Red Wizard. The wrinkles upon her face were so deep they were more like cracks in her flesh, and the tattoos that had been inked atop her head were faded with age, but her deep brown eyes glittered with an undying inner flame.“I… I thought you were dead!” Safiya stammered. “And… you’re…”“Old?” the Founder replied with a wry smile. “No, Safiya, I am not the woman you remember, nor am I your mother in the sense you’ve always thought me to be.”At that, Safiya’s mouth dropped open, and she was silent for several long moments before she recovered. “The voices… I understand now. You, me, Lienna, Nefris… we’re all part of the same person – the same soul.”“Yes,” the Founder confirmed with a small dip of her head, “the voices you heard were our thoughts… and over time, you learned to ignore them, just as we had hoped. I can explain more to you later, but for now, let me just see…” the old woman peered at Rhaine.“Ah, yes of course,” Safiya grinned, gesturing to the Doomguide, “there’s someone you should meet.”The Founder stepped forward, looking Rhaine up and down almost critically. But then her face seemed to soften, and she spoke with an almost reverent voice, “My Akachi… how our faces have changed. I’ve seen hags comelier than the prune I’ve become. And you… you wear the skin of a lady.” She chuckled, shaking her head. “What a pair we are.”Rhaine was more than a bit uncomfortable under the woman’s gaze. “Ah… you do realize that I am not-”“Oh, I know! I know!” the Founder waved her hand in the air. “I know that there is nothing left of my love but that… thing seething beneath your flesh. And the fault is mine – I was the one he went to save… that he tore from the Wall and sacrificed his own soul for.” She shook her head again. “Better for us all if he had just left me to rot and found some other pretty girl to distract him from his faith.”“Yes,” Rhaine murmured bitterly, “better for us all if he had.”“All of this,” the Founder continued, gesturing around the sanctum, “the Academy… everything I have done, both good and evil, has been for him – I have never rested since that day. I know that I can never have him back, but I can end his suffering… the punishment that never should have been his. And you can help me do this.”“Araman was right – I have become your pawn,” Rhaine snarled in response. “You act as if I have come to aid you by choice, but you were the one who forced my hand to start with!”The Founder’s dark eyes flashed. “Did I take the Sword of Gith from your hands? Did I cut the shard from your chest? Did I place you in the barrow to be joined with this monster? Yes!” She hissed. “And I would do it all a thousand times over with a thousand people just like you if it meant the chance that my love could finally have peace! And I will not rest until he does.”She then paused for a moment, sighing heavily. “I chose you because you mastered the Sword of Gith… the sword I knew you needed to finish the job. You are tied to Akachi in this way, as all the sword-bearers are. In a sense, you are his heir, and I think some part of him knows this. You have more control over your hunger than any of the other spirit-eaters before you.”The woman turned, and from a chest upon a table behind her, she produced the aforesaid silver sword. Now, just as Myrkul had told her, it was fully forged. There were no longer any gaps in the blade, and no ghostly tendrils glowed in the places where its edge should have been. The Founder then held it out towards Rhaine, the blade and its scabbard lying flat on her palms, allowing her to take both.The Doomguide reached forth, grasping the Sword by the hilt, feeling the magic of it vibrate through her. However, this power came from the blade alone now. With the removal of the shard from her chest, Rhaine no longer felt some kind of innate, internal connection with the Sword – though powerful indeed, it was just another weapon.“I would have given this to you much sooner, had Araman not interfered,” the Founder continued, “but once he found out that Lienna was part of me, he struck quickly… leaving only my Safiya to guide your way.”Rhaine then sheathed the Sword and fastened its scabbard to her hip, where it had once rested during the Shadow War. “And if he had not struck? What would have happened?”“Safiya was to take you to Lienna as instructed. She would then direct you to Nefris, where you would have regained your blade and learned all that you know now… save for one thing. You would never know about me – one little lie hidden amidst many truths.” The Founder turned to the table again and retrieved what appeared to be the Doomguide’s old pack, also offering it to her.“Why the deception?” Rhaine asked, raising an eyebrow at the crone as she took the pack back as well. “Did you fear retribution for your despicable acts? Were you afraid of facing the consequences of your actions?”“I would face the Wall itself for what I’ve done!” the Founder spat. “But only after I found peace for my beloved!” She stepped closer, then, her arms stretched wide and a hardened expression upon her wrinkled countenance. “I have done all I can for you. You know what to do, and now you have the tool to do it. If you want your vengeance at last, then take it!”Safiya’s breath caught as she looked between the crone and the Doomguide. Rhaine heard Gann shift uneasily behind her, but other than that, the room was utterly silent – even the watching golems.“You used me,” the Doomguide hissed at length, her voice barely above a whisper, “just like Akachi before you, you committed unspeakable acts in order to save a single soul. You would sacrifice the lives and souls of hundreds – nay, thousands – more to ensure that one slight was avenged… one mistake corrected. Your motives were pure – to end a savage and unjust curse – but your methods were far from it. That is not unlike some other people I know.”She paused, taking a few steadying breaths, and then continued, “But it is not my place to exact punishment upon you. Your Judgment will come once more in the form of the Wall… and I think that will be retribution enough for me.”Safiya’s eyes went wide as saucers. “I… I can’t believe it… she manipulated you… destroyed your life… and yet you…”Visible tears streamed down the wizardess’s face, unstoppable in their flow, and her voice trembled with emotion that was so rare for her to display, “I swear to you… even if the gods themselves try to stop you… I will stand by your side, no matter what. You have my word.”“Then go.” The Founder stepped aside to reveal a shadow portal behind her. “Let the legacy of Myrkul be that his unspeakable cruelty ultimately broke before a mortal’s resolve!”Rhaine then moved past the woman with nary a glance and entered the portal in silence, her companions following close on her heels – leaving the Founder in her solitude once more. The Doomguide, though she did feel a twinge of sympathy for both Akachi and his lover, was utterly disgusted and wanted to leave the place far behind her. She now had what she needed to proceed, and she cared nothing about the crone’s fate anymore.Not when a life was just a means to an end to her.

The shadow portal took them back to Lienna’s theatre, and from there, they returned to the Sloop for one last night of rest before facing what could very well be the final day of their lives. Despite this morbid notion, however, at least one member of the companions was strangely cheerful – Safiya. She seemed to be coming to terms with her existence as a piece of a soul rather well, and even made a few jokes about it on the way to the inn. Kaelyn, on the other hand, was relatively quiet, and she kept to herself for most of the evening. Okku, too, being a creature of action and not words, was content to simply slumber in silence until his teeth and claws were needed again.Rhaine was about to leave the Sloop to speak with the Witches of Mulsantir when Gannayev suddenly pulled her to the side to speak with her in private. After a few minutes of awkward hem-hawing around, he suddenly professed his love for her. The Doomguide vaguely recalled a similar night not so long ago, when Casavir had done the same thing atop the walls of Crossroad Keep. Alas, her previous words would be repeated – though Gann was a valuable ally and now something of a friend to her, that was as far as their relationship would go. Fortunately, like Casavir, Gann took rejection as well as one could be expected, and he maintained that his respect for her was not diminished, nor was his determination to help her see her curse ended.As she left him to his thoughts and made her way to the outdoor temple of the Wychlaran, she wondered exactly what it was about her that the hagspawn had fallen in love with. After all, her soul – everything that made her who she was at her core – remained trapped on the Fugue Plane, and while her knowledge was intact, most of her memories, as well as her emotions, were largely gone… distant and almost impossible to reach.There was nothing left to love. Not here.The moon was beginning to rise when she at last approached Sheva Whitefeather and her fellow Witches. The Doomguide then informed the eldest Wychlaran of everything that had transpired since their journey to the Ashenwood. Revealing that the spirit-eater curse was a divine punishment created by Myrkul, she told Sheva that now she had the means by which to do it, she was going to put an end to the curse, once and for all.When Rhaine finished her tale, Sheva took the younger woman’s hands in her own weathered ones and met her eyes past her mask, their gaze gentle and reassuring. “We will pray for you, spirit-eater, in places only the Three can hear us. We wish you fortune in your quest… for your sake, and for the sake of all Rashemen.”And with that, the Wychlaran departed the temple to do just that, Katya and even Kazimika casting her small smiles as they passed her by. Rhaine then turned and descended the path back to the main thoroughfare of Mulsantir, approaching the Temple of Kelemvor with a heart that felt like solid lead in her chest. There, she told Brother Darovik the same story she had given the Witches only moments before.The priest was utterly horrified.“No,” he shook his head in denial, fear and worry both etched onto his features. “There has to be another way.”“There is no other way,” Rhaine replied flatly.“You cannot do this!” Darovik exclaimed, seizing her by the shoulders. “You will not only defy Kelemvor’s will but the order of the planes themselves! You will damn yourself forever!”“And what would you have me do, Darovik?” the Doomguide snapped harshly. “Just lie down and die? Let my soul be absorbed into the Wall of the Faithless, where it never should have been to start with? Let this curse pass to another and another and another for all eternity? No. I have the power to stop it, and thus it is my duty to do so. If it means my damnation, so be it. I cannot allow Myrkul’s undeath – something I am sworn to destroy – to cause the suffering of mortalkind any longer.”She spun, marching to the altar and kneeling before it, whereupon she rapidly uttered a string of prayers under her breath, as if it might offer her the comfort she so desperately needed in that moment.Darovik stood in silence for many breaths before quietly approaching, gently squeezing her on the shoulder, where her collar met her breastplate. “I cannot stop you,” he said at last, his voice barely above a whisper. But I can offer you this, sister… never forget that even in the realm of the dead, you have a choice.”Then, the old priest turned away from her and silently retired to his quarters, leaving Rhaine in solitude. The Doomguide continued to kneel there for a long, long while, her mind awhirl with thoughts – and the dread of what was to come. Darovik was right, of course. What she would do on the morrow would break the laws of the entire universe. Passage to the Fugue Plane was normally only granted by death, but she would carve another way with the Sword of Gith, just as Akachi had done before her.Whether she liked it or not, she was following in the footsteps of the Betrayer.------------------------------------------------------At last they were before it – the Betrayer’s Gate itself. It had seemed imposing in her dream with Araman, but it was even more so in reality, especially now that Rhaine knew just what realm lay beyond its accursed door. It stood in the very bowels of Myrkul’s Vault, at the end of a chamber that was indeed large enough to hold an army in its depths. Sarcophagi lined the walls, along with effigies of the dead god himself. These depictions almost seemed to leer at her as she advanced towards the towering gate. Even now, it felt as if Myrkul was taking perverse pleasure in her actions here.At eye level, there was a vertical slot in the obsidian door, made to fit the Sword of Gith alone. Rhaine’s hand trembled as it grasped the hilt of the ancient silver blade and pulled it from its sheath. The Doomguide then heard more than felt Safiya’s hand on her armored shoulder, and she glanced sideways at the wizardess.“We’re with you,” Safiya said with a slight smile of reassurance. “We’re going to end this curse, whatever it takes. Besides,” she added with a shrug, “I think this will be an excellent opportunity to study the Fugue Plane in detail. We’ll be legends amongst scholars.”Rhaine blinked. Was everything just a science to the Red Wizard?“Legends indeed,” Gannayev added with a wide grin. “The spirits themselves will envy us before this day is out.”“That’s if we don’t die as soon as we set foot through that portal,” the Doomguide retorted dryly.Kaelyn’s face was grim. “As terrifying as Myrkul may have been, Kelemvor on his own home plane is even more so.”“You would know,” Rhaine quipped.“Enough of this banter,” Okku rumbled grumpily. “I am eager to see my vow kept. Let us open this gate, and whatever comes, comes.”Rhaine let out a heavy, tremulous sigh and nodded, lifting the Sword of Gith and slipping it into the vertical slot. Suddenly, there was a loud grinding noise, and the two sides of the obsidian gate slid sideways into the wall, revealing a swirling portal ahead of them, the world beyond only darkness.This was it.My lord, please forgive me…Closing her eyes, she took a single step into the portal and left Myrkul’s Vault far behind her.

There was a wrenching sensation in her gut and the feeling of wind rushing past her ears, even as she squeezed her eyelids tightly shut. That roaring sound rose to an almost deafening pitch, as if some mighty beast had awakened around her, enraged at her disturbing its rest. At last, after what seemed like hours, her forward movement was very abruptly halted, and she stumbled forward. Rhaine could hear her companions being deposited beside her, and she slowly opened her eyes.Before them lay the grey expanse of the Fugue Plane, and just ahead of them, sprawling as far as the eye could see, was the City of Judgment. It appeared just as it had during her visions at the Coven – only this time, it was visible in its entirety, unobscured by the mist of a dream. The wheel-shaped city was ringed by the Wall of the Faithless, and the overwhelming cries of the spirits entrapped therein were almost a match for the howling winds that whipped around the plane like some ominous portent of doom.As far as topography was concerned, the Fugue was flat and empty grey earth, occasionally punctuated by a boulder or dead tree, its only feature of note being the City itself. The metropolis, too, was completely level, save for a single towering structure: springing from the center of the city, like a smoky topaz spear piercing the sunless grey sky, was the Crystal Spire – the abode of Kelemvor and his seneschal, Jergal. The sheer sense of power emanating from the mere sight of the Spire was enough to make her avert her gaze, her heart racing in her growing trepidation, and just looking upon it gave Rhaine the hair-raising sensation of someone staring right back at her with a profound intensity.Indeed, living divine eyes were upon them all, now.Three figures stood between them and the City, however: a giant blue dragon, the oversized floating skull of a demilich, and a solar garbed in golden armor. Sey’ryu, Rammaq, and Zoab, in the flesh. The last of this trio jogged towards Rhaine, his tattered charcoal wings sporadically shedding a feather or two as he went.“Hail, Akachi!” he greeted her as he finally reached her, his eyes glowing a bright white. “Long have we awaited your return. We watched for the second opening of the Gate and came, as we promised.”“I am not Akachi,” Rhaine hissed, “and I am not here for the reason you think I am… Zoab the fallen solar.”The angel merely shrugged in response. “Suit yourself. But you wield Akachi’s blade and you bear Akachi’s remnants within you. You are his heir, like it or not. And I am not fallen – I still battle injustice in my own way.”There was a movement near the gates of the City, then. A small group of paladins and adventurers emerged from within, brandishing their weapons and evidently ready to attack if necessary. Zoab pointed.“Look. It appears that Kelemvor has sent a parleying party to meet us. No doubt he wishes to sway us from our cause. I do hope you plan on letting them know that under no circumstances will we surrender. Portions of each of our armies wait at every entrance to the City. We are ready to begin the siege, at your order.”“Are you absolutely insane?” Rhaine snapped. “If this were Myrkul, we wouldn’t even be standing here having this conversation right now. I do not want a fight, and I do not want to incur Kelemvor’s wrath.”It was true. The Lord of the Dead would have been entirely justified in blinking them all out of existence as soon as they set foot on his grey soil – was quite capable of that very thing – and the fact they continued to breathe spoke volumes about the current holder of the office of Death, as opposed to his predecessors.“A noble sentiment,” Zoab conceded, “and one that I once would have shared with you. But make no mistake, heir of Akachi… there will be bloodshed this day.”With that, the Celestial turned and began jogging back towards Sey’ryu and Rammaq. The Doomguide had no choice but to follow and try to put an end to this madness before it began. As she and her companions approached, the dead heroes who had assembled at the gates called out to them in warning.“Cease this foolishness! You risk your very souls by what you do here.”“Turn back now and you may escape damnation. Kelemvor is not unreasonable, nor is he without mercy.”Sey’ryu cocked her massive azure head to peer down at Rhaine with narrowed yellow eyes, their pupils slitted. “Kelemvor has chosen his emissaries carefully,” the dragoness rumbled, her voice vibrating Rhaine’s very bones, “these are False souls who once served in the First Crusade.”At that, a dwarven spirit stepped forward, looking up at the Doomguide with a grim expression on his countenance, one that appeared startlingly solid for that of a soul. “Do ye remember me? I was yer smith, who forged weapons and armor for yer army, Betrayer.”“Enough!” Rhaine cried abruptly, causing everyone to look at her with eyes wide in anticipation of what she might say – or order – next. Her hands shook as she closed her eyes and gritted her teeth. “I… am… not… AKACHI!”Spinning about, in one fluid move she whirled on the Betrayer’s former generals, tossing the Sword of Gith to her offhand and drawing Touch of Death with the other. “I am here to free my soul and end an unjust curse, not lead some idiotic Third Crusade. Kelemvor is my god – has always been my god – and I will not turn against him, now or ever!”“Listen to her, you fools!” one of the spirits shouted behind her.The Doomguide then strode closer to the False dwarven smith, turning her back to the great metropolis of the dead with both of her swords held at the ready. “And if you intend on attacking this city, then I will defend it to the last.”Without hesitation, Safiya joined Rhaine’s side, her staff sparking threateningly with magic, her lips set in a thin line. Gannayev and Okku silently followed, positioning themselves at her other side, spear and claws ready. This left Kaelyn standing all on her own near the generals, her face bearing an expression of utter bewilderment.“What?” the half-celestial stammered. “Y-you can’t do this! You are the heir of Akachi… you opened the Gate… called the Crusade…”“Which I never wanted any part of to begin with!” Rhaine retorted sharply. “I already told you more than once… I will not abet this foolish endeavor! This may have been your desire, Kaelyn the ‘Dove,’ but it was never mine.”At that, Rammaq turned to Zoab, his eye sockets flaring with power. “Then it seems we have no leader, solar. What now, hmm?”“We have not come this far to be denied our opportunity to show the planes true justice,” the fallen angel replied. “The Crusade will continue, leader or no-”“I will lead.”It was Kaelyn’s voice that made all heads turn. She had drawn her mace, and her face was set into a hard expression of determination. “I am more an heir to Akachi than Rhaine ever was.”“Ah,” Zoab smiled, inclining his head, “then fortune has smiled on us after all. We have heard of you, Kaelyn the Dove, and your efforts to remove this intolerable Wall from existence. What is your command?”“Whatever plans you have made for assaulting this city,” Kaelyn answered shortly, “execute them.”Rhaine snarled in fury and started forward, but a giant blue paw descended to block her path, sending her stumbling backwards. Zoab spirited Kaelyn away, and Rammaq vanished with an insane cackle. Sey’ryu bared her long fangs and stared down at the Doomguide with a piercing yellow gaze. “I will hold these gates open, as I vowed… heir of Akachi or not!”The blue dragon then reared back upon her hind legs and stretched her body over the defenders, slamming her mighty paws on either side of the open Supplicants’ Gate and breaking the mechanisms with a nauseating groan… rendering it unable to close. War horns suddenly sounded all across the City, and there was an accompanying din of battle cries from a thousand thousand souls and attackers.The siege of the City of Judgment had begun.------------------------------------------------------Sey’ryu’s glittering blue scales crackled with static as she built up an electric charge for a deadly lightning attack. The spellcasters quickly put up defensive shields as her energy discharged, slamming into the defenders and even vaporizing a few of the spirits into nothingness. Rhaine and Okku then launched into a melee attack, both rending the flesh of the dragon’s legs with swords and fangs as Safiya and Gann summoned sword and elemental respectively to help even the odds. The spirit defenders quickly added their own blades and spells to the fray, and soon the grey soil was running crimson with Sey’ryu’s blood. Still, the great dragon queen fought on, the Doomguide and spirit bear both exhausting themselves as they attempted to avoid her scythe-like bronze claws and flicking blue tail.Then, suddenly, there was a bright flash of scarlet light and the dragon finally went down with an earsplitting roar, the ground trembling as she fell, never to get up again. The Doomguide bent over, gasping for breath as she healed a large gash that Sey’ryu’s mighty tail had torn into her through her breastplate, just above her belt, and she glanced around to see what could have been the source of such a powerful spell. What was left of the defending spirits scattered, presumably to combat the Crusade in other places in the City, and a lone robed and hooded figure with hauntingly-pale eyes came into view.“Araman?”The figure nodded as he came jogging forth to meet her, something of a smirk on his pallid countenance. “Never thought to see troublesome me again, did you?”Safiya grumbled.There was something different about Araman now, and it wasn’t just his new priestly attire. He seemed less severe, less… melancholy. A new fire glowed in his silvery eyes, even as a mere spirit.“Your death released you from Myrkul’s geas, didn’t it?” Rhaine asked after a moment, brows rising.“That it did,” he replied with a grin, winking at Safiya, “and I have you to thank for it. Now, I may offer my services to you in helping finish off this misbegotten Crusade.”“You serve amongst the False, then?”“No,” he shook his head, his grin widening. “I was judged Faithful to the office of death, even after following my fool brother in his Crusade. Believe me, I was just as surprised to receive such a Judgment as you are to hear about it.”At that, there was an abrupt increase in volume of the battle cries coming from one district of the city, and Rhaine glanced up at the towering Crystal Spire above them. “Why doesn’t Kelemvor do something about this?”Araman followed her gaze, slowly shaking his head. “I… I don’t know. This is quite unlike him. Perhaps…” He trailed, returning his attention to her with his brow furrowed deeply. “Perhaps he is giving you a chance to redeem yourself in the eyes of the gods.”The Doomguide mirrored his expression. “What do you mean?”“You called the Crusade by opening the Betrayer’s Gate with my brother’s blade. But you turned against it, and you have the power to end it. Which we must do and quickly,” Araman replied. “I can be your guide through the City, if you will allow it.”Rhaine nodded, shifting her grip on her weapons. “Very well, Araman, I accept your aid. We should never have been enemies.”“This is true.”The Doomguide’s countenance then turned hard as she steeled herself for more battle. “Do you know where the attacks are centered? Where Akachi’s generals would be headed?”“One problem remains right here,” Araman answered, pointing to the lingering, gaping portal that the Betrayer’s Gate had torn into the Fugue Plane. “Sey’ryu was to hold open the Supplicants’ Gate so that demons, called from the Abyss, could swarm the City. They will no doubt answer their planar summoners very soon.”“What of Rammaq?”“That demilich will likely be plundering the vaults of Eternity’s End, searching for his promised tome that grants the secrets of divinity.”“And Zoab?”“The greatest threat of all,” Araman remarked. “His target is the Voice of Kelemvor, in the Basilica of Lost Hope, where Final Judgment is pronounced. If he manages to slay the Voice, it will send a message of Kelemvor’s weakness throughout the planes, and rebels will spring up all over the City.”“The demons will see this metropolis of the dead as an unending feast,” Gann interjected, “and the defenders will be hard-pressed to keep the resident souls safe if they make it into the city.”“A demilich seeking godhood should not be underestimated,” Safiya added pointedly. “If he actually discovers those secrets before we are able stop him, then Kelemvor may be the only one who can.”“I say we cut the head off the snake,” Okku rumbled. “Kaelyn may have taken up the role of leader, but it is Zoab who has organized this army. Defeat him, and they will lose heart.”“Kelemvor’s paladins are trained to combat both demons and undead. We go after Zoab first,” Rhaine decided firmly. “Araman, can you lead us?”“I can. Let us go!”------------------------------------------------------Rhaine had not actually fathomed the sheer size of the City of Judgment until they had been running for at least fifteen minutes straight and the bleak horizon ahead seemingly remained unchanged in appearance. All three companions were panting for breath, but they could not stop… not when seconds meant everything. The Doomguide’s legs felt like jelly when she finally reached the staircase to the Basilica, and she feared that, with their mortal shortcomings, they were too late. But when they opened the doors at last, they found Zoab and his host of angels standing not far from the entrance, the Voice and his guards still swathed in shadow at the opposite end of the chamber.Zoab turned upon hearing them enter. “Ah. So you see the importance of this place as much as I do? You are wise. It is a shame that we must be enemies.”“Zoab, stop this,” Rhaine insisted. “What you are doing is wrong.”“And I would say the same to you, my friend,” the angel answered solemnly, “but I sense neither of us will back down from our positions. Thus, as I said before, this will be decided in blood.”The angels leapt forward, not towards Rhaine and company, but to the Voice and his guards; the Celestials were intent on destroying him before the companions could even react. The Voice and his paltry sum of guardians prepared for attack, but were quickly being overwhelmed by the angelic host. The Doomguide sprinted forward, desperately trying to reach the much quicker Zoab before he overtook the Voice himself… but she would never make it in time…Suddenly, a burst of white light exploded between the Voice and the solar, manifesting into a Blade Barrier and causing Zoab to stumble backwards before he was rent to shreds by the spinning blades. Rhaine felt herself grin widely.Only one other member of their current party would have known that spell and it was not Gann or Safiya.The Barrier successfully blocked physical access to the Voice, and so a magical duel ensued, a few of the angels attempting to dispel the whirling wall of blades, but to no avail. The others of them spun on both Rhaine and Okku, the latter successfully knocking Zoab to the ground before he could do anything else. At that moment, a massive lightning storm from Gann struck at least five of the Celestials multiple times, frying them in their armor.Then, the room erupted into a conflagration of fire and divine light, coming from Rhaine, Safiya, Araman, and the Voice all at the same time and filling the chamber with blinding power. When the smoke finally cleared, there was nothing left of Zoab’s company but charred skeletons and melted armor, and Okku stood over the solar’s corpse with bloody jaws.The Voice stepped forward, then, his eyes obviously blind, and intoned, “Your work is not yet done, Rhaine Alcinea. There is much more to do to end this Crusade. Finish it.”------------------------------------------------------They returned to the Supplicants’ Gate just in time to head off a horde of demons. Unfortunately, only Araman remained unfazed and was not fatigued by the events that were transpiring around them. Lacking a true body, he was not affected by the endless running and fighting – and thus, Rhaine realized that the spirits here were the ones with the true advantage. If the Lord of the Dead desired it, he could have a relentless army of billions at his command within minutes. Only, he was not utilizing such power… even to hold off the Crusade. The Doomguide could not help but glance back up at the Crystal Spire again and wonder what Kelemvor was thinking…The companions routed the demons with the help of a few paladins, and for several moments they simply sat on the dusty grey earth, desperately trying to catch their breath. They had all been wounded to some extent, and they were quickly running out of energy for spellcasting. Araman helped to heal them all, rejuvenating them a bit, but he could not completely remove the effects of true exhaustion.Staring up at the blank sky, Rhaine sighed and forced herself back to her feet, even as they ached beneath her weight. The Doomguide could have been sitting for mere minutes, or she could have sat for hours – it was impossible to tell which. There was no sunrise and no sunset. Time held no sway here. Luckily for them, there was only one more problem to deal with – Rammaq. Rhaine wondered if the demilich had found what he sought yet… or if, in their flawed mortality, they were already too late to stop his ascension.------------------------------------------------------Araman led them to the district of Eternity’s End – so named for Jergal’s incessant obsession with the apocalypse. The sounds of battle could be heard throughout the streets, and it was obvious that Rammaq’s forces were slowly gaining a foothold. Dozens of empowered zombie warriors swarmed the paladins of Kelemvor, and though the spirit knights were undoubtedly skilled, they could not continue to hold their own with the current odds of one-to-seven.“These undead are resistant to Turning,” Araman remarked. “We must tackle them head-on.”Rhaine did not need to be told twice. She charged to the defense of the paladin nearest her, hacking the head from the shoulders of one zombie and then twisting the Sword of Gith into the heart of another.  A Flame Strike later, the two Kelemvorites had whittled the opposition down to three, and within the next few moments they, too, fell. The paladin’s face was not visible for his silvery visor, and so he nodded his thanks to her.The two then turned to the next batch of zombies, who had already overtaken one of the other paladins. Araman and Safiya had engaged them with fireballs and reduced their number significantly. However, the surviving zombies had backed the pair into a wall, and the spellcasters were defenseless in melee. Fortunately, Rhaine’s Hammer of the Gods was enough to slow the undead, and the paladin handily finished them off with his claymore.Gann, Okku, and two more paladins were faring a bit better, the spirit bear easily tearing the zombie warriors to shreds with his teeth and claws. When at last the final zombie fell, one of the paladins raised his visor. Rhaine could tell that he had been scarred severely across his face, one of his eyes blinded by the wound. The other eye was electric blue, and locked on hers. “We have heard of your attempts to stop the Crusade, Rhaine Alcinea. We thank you for your aid. Rammaq is plundering the vaults here as we speak. As you can see, we do not have nearly enough manpower to confront him on our own. We will continue to patrol the district, but you must put an end to the lich.”The Doomguide nodded once. “I understand.”The paladin lowered his visor once more with an audible snap. “Remain ever vigilant.”Two of the vaults were empty, save for a few more zombie warriors lumbering around their chambers. The last, however, was occupied by Rammaq himself. The floating skull turned upon hearing their footsteps behind him, and his mandible waggled as he spoke. “Ah… the little heroine. You may have halted the efforts of my comrades, but you have come too late to stop me. You see, I’ve already found what I wanted to know here. Immortality is mine. Unfortunately, it will take a bit of time for the divinity to set in, but I do not think you will be able to destroy me before that happens…”Without another word, Rammaq attacked, charging Rhaine with his fanged jaws wide open, as if to swallow her whole. She rolled to the side and he barely missed her, slamming into a bookcase and causing all of the tomes held upon its shelves to fall to the floor, some of them crumbling to dust on impact. The skull promptly spun around midair and then turned semi-transparent, the companions’ weapons simply passing through his ethereal form.The demilich called Chain Lightning, then, and the three casters immediately counterspelled with energy shields. Unfortunately, poor Okku could not be spared from the electrical damage, and his form flickered as he took it full-force. This only served to enrage the Bear King, however, and he sprang at the skull, hoping that his magically imbued teeth and claws could damage the lich somehow. Gann was trying time and again to dispel Rammaq’s raised magical shields, but to no avail. Araman’s missile storms pummeled the demilich at an almost constant rate, but Rammaq seemed impervious to such harm.Rhaine had begun to think that the lich had indeed attained godhood… until, very suddenly, all their spells winked out of existence, and the demilich became a solid entity once more.“Attack him now with your weapons!” Araman yelled.Rammaq didn’t know what hit him. Furious and sick of this damnable Crusade, all of them converged upon the lich at once while Araman’s anti-magic field remained in place. With their enchanted weapons, they smashed the gems that served as the demilich’s eight phylacteries, proceeding to beat the skull senseless until the bone shattered in a hundred pieces upon the floor.And it was… at long last… done.------------------------------------------------------As the foursome left the Vault, struggling to catch their breath, Rhaine wondered where Kaelyn was now. This would not truly be over until she was stopped. Suddenly, however, a robed spirit came running towards her from the direction of one of several temples in the district, calling to her.“Rhaine Alcinea! I have a message from the Master Scrivener. He requests your immediate presence.”“I… very well,” the Doomguide assented, glancing to her companions. “Lead on.”The messenger then turned and led her inside the small temple nearby, pointing her to this Master Scrivener he spoke of. The spirit in question was – or had been in life – an old man, his beard snow white and eyes a steely grey. He smiled gently at her as she entered.“Rhaine Alcinea. Welcome. We have heard of your deeds in halting this Crusade, and in return for your aid, we have seen fit to grant you the knowledge that you seek. That ledger,” he pointed to a gigantic book that lay open upon a dais, “is the Codex of the Doomed. Within, you will find the location of your soul in the Wall of the Faithless. Go now. We have done all we are allowed.”At that, she dipped her head in gratitude, more than a little surprised at this turn of events but thankful for it nonetheless. “Thank you.”The temple itself was quite dimly lit, even to her half-elven eyes, but the Codex itself was brightly illuminated by an unseen source. Rhaine moved forward slowly, warily approaching the giant tome, even as she was allowed to do so. Then, as she ascended the steps of the dais and peered at the text written upon those thick pages, she realized to her great dismay that she could not read it at all. It seemed like it was a language she should know somehow, but it had been muddled and jumbled into an incoherent mess.And then, it clicked. It was Supernal… the language of the gods. It would not be readable unless it morphed to a tongue she could understand.Suddenly, a gust of wind blew through the temple from some unknown source, and the pages of the tome began flipping at a rapid rate, causing her hair to fly back from her face with the sheer force. At last, however, the book stopped, and the page it opened to glowed slightly, one section of the text morphing into Common…It was her name, and beside it was scribed the exact location of her soul in the Wall of the Faithless. It was trapped in the southwestern section of the City, at a small cul-de-sac near where the Wall began to curve eastward.“This is where I must leave you,” Araman suddenly spoke, his voice echoing slightly in the quiet of the chamber. He had hung back from the rest of the group, and a sad smile now flickered across his face.Rhaine smiled faintly in return, knowing that he would not be able to assist her further without breaking universal law himself. “I see. Then I thank you for your assistance, Araman. We would not have been able to succeed without you.”His pale eyes met hers. “I must also thank you, Rhaine. You are a better person than my brother ever was. It has been an honor to know you and to fight at your side. Perhaps, someday, we will speak again…”And with that, the wizard-priest vanished as if he had never been, leaving them reduced in number once more.“Did you find what you needed?” Gann asked after a moment.“Yes,” she replied, descending from the dais and walking briskly towards the entrance of the temple, “I know where my soul is, now. We’ll need to pass by the Supplicants’ Gate again and follow the Wall until it begins to turn east. There’s a small dead end nearby.”As they exited the scriveners’ temple, however, they were confronted by a rather unwelcome sight.Kaelyn.She had brought two of her siblings, Efrem and Susah, with her. All three had brandished their weapons, and there was nothing but cold calculation in Kaelyn’s black eyes.“Kaelyn,” Rhaine began in a warning tone, “stand down now.”“No. You turned on the Crusade – denied these souls true peace. For this, you must die.”Without hesitation, the Menagerie attacked, though noticeably not with the aid of flight despite the fact they had wings; perhaps they feared Kelemvor himself would strike them right out of the sky if they flew too high – or perhaps they were merely that suicidal now that the Crusade was crumbling before their eyes. Still, the resulting battle was quite heated. Unlike the companions, the Menagerie were neither exhausted nor depleted of their spellcasting energies. And yet Rhaine and her friends did share the advantage of being more experienced in melee combat. The companions struck swiftly, leaving the Menagerie little time to cast any spells, and slowly but surely, the tide began to turn.Safiya hung back near the doors of the temple, using up what few spells were left at her disposal. Okku challenged Efrem and Gann tackled Susah, while Rhaine dealt with Kaelyn herself. The “Dove” had not trained as extensively with weaponry as the Doomguide had with her bastard sword… and it showed. Kaelyn relied too heavily on her armor to protect her, and she constantly left herself exposed in vital places. The half-celestial managed to land a few strong blows upon the fatigued Doomguide’s shoulders and arms, but Rhaine struck twice as often, bloodying Kaelyn with deep slashes between the plates of her armor.It was clear that Susah’s only talent was with a bow. They were in too close quarters for her to fight with ranged weapons, and so she attempted to go hand-to-hand against Gannayev’s spear. This, however, did not go in her favor. The hagspawn was far too quick, and the mithril point of his weapon cut through her leathers like a hot knife through butter. Efrem did not fare any better, either. Though he was bigger and stronger than his sisters, he was no match for the Bear King. Within seconds, Okku had knocked the man to the ground and swiped his claymore out of reach.A final blow from Rhaine sent Kaelyn sprawling onto the cobblestones, her silver armor now crimson with her own blood, and the Doomguide pressed the tip of Touch of Death to the half-celestial’s jugular, very nearly breaking the skin with the razor edge. Gann had already pinned Susah against a wrought iron fence, his spear locked against her neck. Okku stood on top of Efrem with his jaws held inches away from the trembling man’s throat. Safiya hovered nearby with a spell at the ready in case anyone moved further.At that moment, there was a flash of white light to the side, and another solar appeared. He was flanked by two lesser planetars, and these angels stepped forth, though not with weapons in hand.“Hold your blade, spirit-eater,” the solar spoke in a rich baritone. “I have come to take my grandchildren back to Celestia.”“G-grandfather?” Kaelyn croaked.The solar bent over his granddaughter, brow furrowed in obvious disappointment. “Kaelyn… look what your arrogance has wrought. It is not bravery to stand against the universe, but foolishness.”Kaelyn’s black eyes, now dull, flicked to Rhaine. The Doomguide kept her blade to the half-celestial’s throat for a moment longer, seriously contemplating killing her regardless of the grandfather’s presence, before finally jerking it away with a snarl.She glanced to the solar. “Fine. Take her. I know she wishes to die… wishes to become a martyr like her hero, Akachi. Thus, I will not grant her that satisfaction. May she return to your halls in shame.”The solar nodded once and scooped up Kaelyn’s broken body. The planetars did the same for Susah and Efrem. With one last look over his shoulder, their grandfather inclined his head to Rhaine in appreciation. “Thank you for your mercy, spirit-eater. The Menagerie will trouble you no more.”And with another flash of light, all of the Celestials instantly disappeared from the Fugue.------------------------------------------------------For a few moments, the companions simply stood there, half in shock that they had survived. It was over. The Crusade was finally ended.“Listen,” Safiya whispered, looking all around her, her hazel eyes slightly wide in awe.It was silent… eerily so. The sounds of battle were completely gone. Not even the cries of the Faithless could be heard. Rhaine realized that the winds around the City must have served to keep the constant wailing from disturbing the spirits within the walls. It felt calm… peaceful… like a graveyard in the early morning, when the grasses were still wet with dew.Furthermore, without the sounds and imminent threats to distract her, she could actually look at her surroundings. She noticed that, though Eternity’s End was mostly comprised of temples, vaults, and archives, there were a few abodes for the spirits here and there. All followed the same stone style, possessed the same elaborate fences of wrought iron, and sat beside the same eternally-burning streetlamps. The architecture was actually not unlike that of Waterdeep – only, much more somber in color and material.“As tempting as it might be to lie down and slumber in such silence,” Gann finally added, “I think we should keep moving. No doubt the master of this place wishes to see us gone as soon as possible.”“You’re right,” Rhaine nodded. “We still have work to do. If we can accomplish it.”They walked out of the district, then, and followed the Wall back around to the Supplicants’ Gate, continuing on to the southwestern sector of the city. All the while, Rhaine noticed the streets were empty, not one soul or guardian appearing to block their way.Then, at long last, they came across the cul-de-sac that should have been near where the Doomguide’s soul was held captive. They spent a few minutes looking over that particular section of the Wall, attempting to find the appropriate soul by appearance alone, but it was a surprisingly difficult task. It was like trying to find a needle in a haystack…“Look, there!” Safiya suddenly called.Rhaine jogged over to where the wizardess was pointing and there, back arched dramatically away from the rest of the Wall, was her soul. It was attached to the surface of the Wall by the hands and feet and covered in a sickly greenish mold, but there was no mistaking it… that was her likeness she was staring at, desperately trying to avoid its fate. And so far, it had only succeeded because her heart continued to beat.“You have seen this place before, my Doomguide. Do you remember?”A chill wracked her spine, and her companions immediately froze right where they stood as the air itself nearly hummed with power the likes of which none of them, save perhaps Okku, had felt before.

She had only heard that voice twice in her life – warm and smooth as velvet and resonating with strength – but she recognized it instantly. Her knees threatened to fail her, and at the same time, she felt completely paralyzed with fear and dread. She could not bear to turn around and face the owner of that voice……could not face her Judgment.

She should have known that a confrontation with Kelemvor was unavoidable, for even as she had turned against the Third Crusade, and the spirits of the City had been willing to help her in her quest, she was still trespassing – violating universal law by merely standing in this place. And now that he had cornered her here, pinned her at her final destination, there was nowhere she could run, and certainly nowhere she could hide. With incredible effort, Rhaine forced her paralyzed limbs to move, and she slowly turned around, steeling herself…But what she saw made the Doomguide’s breath catch in surprise.The Lord of the Dead was not at all what she had expected. In all actuality, she wasn’t quite sure what she had expected in the first place. The surprise was certainly not a disappointing one, however. In fact, it was somewhat comforting on some level, for instead of seeing a terrifying, skeletal avatar of death – the horrific visage that Myrkul and Jergal before him would have worn – she saw……a warrior-priest?Kelemvor leaned against a nearby obelisk with the casual air of one who was utterly in control of the situation at hand, his arms folded across his chest as he beheld the group of companions. He wore a blackened harness of full plate armor, bits of tattered chain visible here and there, and a hooded cloak of some dark, almost gossamer material was draped about his shoulders, flowing to the ground where it puddled at his feet in an indistinct shadow. His mighty bastard sword, Fatal Touch, hung loosely at his left hip, its sleek beauty no doubt matched by its deadly edge. But perhaps the most significant feature of all was his mask, shining as if moonlit beneath the darkness of his cowl.It was a full death mask, crafted of gleaming silver, leaving no part of his true face exposed, not even his eyes. That shimmering, perfectly-chiseled countenance was molded into an expression of repose, and it bore the slightest hint of a scowl – the eyebrows furrowed softly and the thin lips slightly downturned at the corners. All around the closed eyes and edges of the mask, delicate swirling patterns had been etched and embossed. Nothing at all was visible past this mask; blackness around it hid even the flesh of his neck and his head from view. Thus, the silvery countenance almost appeared to float within the deep shadows of his hood.And yet, despite not seeing the eyes that looked upon her, she could feel them. It was the same sensation she had felt when first gazing upon the Crystal Spire, only now it was ten times as strong, accompanied by the incontrovertibly powerful aura that his full divine presence brought with it.Rhaine immediately dropped to both knees, her weapons clattering upon the paved street as she bowed her head low, and she heard her companions do the same behind her. They had better, for all their sakes…“My Lord Kelemvor,” she managed to address him past the choking sensation in her throat, her own voice meek and unsteady in comparison to his.“My Faithful ally. You have come before your time to our grey realm and empty sky.”Her head snapped up in shock, meeting the downwards-tilted silver visage with wide eyes and an open mouth, her breath caught in her lungs.Did he… did he just call her Faithful? And ally, to boot? Her heart nearly stopped its rhythm in her chest and killed her then and there. It was far, far more than she could have ever hoped, much less expected, to hear as his first words in person to her.After all that had transpired… after all the laws she had broken… he was not angry – or, at the very least, disappointed in her? With but that single gentle greeting, she was rendered wholly speechless, even as he pushed off from the obelisk and took a few steps closer to the companions, his footsteps silent.The Lord of the Dead gestured to their somber surroundings and casually interlaced his gloved fingers as he came to a halt. “An unremarkable corner of my city, and yet these cobbles have witnessed the greatest injustice of all. Here, the curse began… and here, it can finally end.”Again, she reeled. Then he was not opposed to this act against the Wall? He was not here to stop her, but… to encourage her?At last, Rhaine found her voice again, though it came out cracked and wavering. “Then Myrkul and the Founder spoke truly? All I need to do is tear my soul from the Wall, and… and it will be over?”Kelemvor slowly shook his head, his mask shimmering almost mesmerizingly with the movement. “The Founder wanted too much to believe that Akachi’s curse could be undone. Myrkul told her what she wanted to hear, and that was only part of the truth. He wagered that the curse could only be ended through sacrifice… a sacrifice most mortals would not be willing to make. But Myrkul deceived himself.”The Doomguide fell silent again as she absorbed her god’s words, brow furrowing. She should have known Myrkul had left out something important, after all. Naturally, he would have – the curse was the key to his survival…“Akachi’s hunger was born of loss – the loss of memory, soul, and self,” the Judge of the Damned explained, drawing her attention back to him. “He can be restored if he remembers who and what he is.” The god then gestured to where her soul had been wrongfully imprisoned in Akachi’s place. “Take back what is yours from the Wall, and then return to Akachi what is his. All you need, you have already found in dreams.”At that, Rhaine exchanged astonished glances with Gann. “The mask fragments… they’re pieces of the Betrayer himself?”“Akachi’s essence was scattered, not lost,” Kelemvor replied with a nod of affirmation. “If he had been truly destroyed, nothing would remain to hunger.” After a few moments, he added, no small amount of disgust lacing his darkened tone, “Myrkul was so enamored of his own cruelty that he could not see its flaws.”The god then motioned at the Wall again. “Free your soul. Then, bring the mask fragments together, and Akachi’s hunger will end.”She swallowed, still astonished that this was indeed unfolding the way it was. Kelemvor was indeed giving her permission to do this… to pull her own soul from the Wall of the Faithless, even if it was violation to do so. Something about it made no sense, particularly given Kelemvor’s lawful nature.Rhaine then shook her head, confusion writ on her countenance. “Forgive me, my lord, but I do not understand. I’ve broken your laws time and again… I must also break them to free my soul. Why are you letting me do this?”The silver face gazed at her for a few moments in complete silence, and she began to think that he would not answer her. After all, he was under no obligation to provide any sort of explanation for his decisions. She was reminded of Dunstan’s old retort against Matthias, and she inwardly cringed at being so openly questioning of how Kelemvor interpreted his own laws.Finally, however, he spoke again.“Myrkul’s punishment was… excessive,” he said, sounding almost as if he were choosing his terminology with great care, “but it is impossible for Akachi to redeem himself as he is, and for me to simply undo the curse would annul the judgment of another god – I am forbidden from that.” His silver countenance cocked a little at her. “But, I saw in you the chance to end the curse… and it seems I was not wrong.”And then, suddenly, everything began to make sense. From his words, Kelemvor did not approve of the curse – and thus, his predecessor’s method of punishing Akachi – at all. However, due to being bound by universal law, he was not allowed to reverse it himself, even as it was very much within his power to do so. Thus, he had been willing to overlook a few slights on Rhaine’s part in order to both achieve true justice and put an end to what he saw as a much greater threat to mortalkind.“But I warn you,” he added, his words immediately arresting her attention again, “the Wall does not easily part with its treasures, and it cares little if they are rightfully earned.”The Doomguide’s brow furrowed, and she glanced back over her shoulder at her soul. There was something about the way he phrased that final sentence that made it sound as if the Wall had a mind of its own, somehow. She turned back, mouth open to ask for clarification……but he was gone.------------------------------------------------------It was evident that Kelemvor was leaving her to do what she must, as his involvement had to remain minimal in this situation; he could turn a blind eye and allow her to free her own soul, but that was as much as he could do for her.Still, it was an incredible boon – one that not only gave her courage to face what came, but eased her fears at last. He was not in opposition to her and never had been.He was the force at her back.At last, Rhaine stood, weapons in hand and inhaling a deep, steadying breath as she walked back over to the Wall to examine where her soul was imprisoned. The Doomguide squinted at the points where her soul’s hands and feet were held fast. Perhaps, if she could just get her blades underneath those points, she could pry it free from the barbs that secured it there…“Safiya? Gann? Okku?”“Yes?” the trio answered simultaneously.“Watch my back,” she replied simply as she readied her swords.Gann’s eyes widened. “Wait, you don’t think…?”“That’s exactly what I’m thinking.”The threesome moved closer, glancing around the Wall as Rhaine approached her soul. Then, with a grunt, she forcefully stabbed her blades on either side of the soul’s feet.At once, the Wall quaked violently in response. Plumes of noxious gases burst from it as golems knitted themselves together from its very substance, tearing embedded souls apart with a sickening sound as its guardians manifested to destroy the attacker.“Don’t worry yourself with them, little one!” Okku called to her. “Just free your soul!”Easier said than done…Rhaine hacked at the wall, attempting to slice off chunks of mold surrounding her soul’s feet, and it felt as though the Sword of Gith was cutting tree branches as she chopped through the barbs just beneath the surface. Her arms were already so very tired from the endless combat that day, but she could not stop now. Not this close. She could hear Okku’s roars and growls, Safiya’s low chanting of what spells she had remaining, and Gannayev’s call for another elemental’s aid, but she tried to block them all out as she focused on freeing her spirit alone.At last, the feet came free. Unfortunately, though, in her intense concentration upon that monumental task, she had neglected to notice that the watchtowers along the Wall were actually building up a magical charge. This power very suddenly discharged as a debilitating burst of lightning, slamming straight into her chest and throwing her across the street. Her body was hurled like a ragdoll into the very obelisk where Kelemvor had appeared moments before, and the Doomguide landed with a clang of metal armor, sliding down the stone monument and into a heap on the cobbles below. For a few minutes, she could only cough and pound her chest to try and throw her heart back into rhythm after the violent jolt of electricity.Gasping as she picked herself back up, she noticed Okku had latched his jaws around the “head” of one of the Wall’s golems and was swinging freely as the thing tried to fling him off of it. Gann had been unceremoniously hurled into the Wall itself and was being cornered by the other golem, until Safiya doused it in magical acid. It was then Rhaine saw her soul yet dangling from the Wall by its hands, and her eyes narrowed.This had to end. Now.The Doomguide threw herself forward, her limbs burning with pain as her boots pounded the flagstones and she lifted her weapons once more. With a cry, she began hacking away at the Wall again, slashing around her soul’s wrists. Her swings were wild and furious, now, and tears began streaming down her face from the combination of weariness and sheer frustration. With every last ounce of her strength, she sank the blades into the Wall and began prying at the soul.At long last it came loose, and, as her freed spirit dropped limply to the cobbles, the Wall finally ceased its attacks. The golems collapsed into green dust, and the watchtowers ceased to hum with building energy, leaving only deafening silence. Rhaine’s weapons fell from her hands again with a loud clatter as she sank to her knees beside her soul.Her entire body shook with fatigue, and her companions fared no better. Okku dropped onto his belly next to her, eyes closed, legs stretched straight out before and behind him. Gann plopped down cross-legged on her other side, bleeding from several wounds to his arms and torso that neither of them had the energy to heal. Safiya moved to kneel next to the soul’s head, and the wizardess struggled to catch her breath.Then, they all watched with eyes wide as the greenish mold abruptly fell away from the soul, dissolving from the figure as though it had never been. Beneath was a perfect replica of Rhaine’s physical self, right down to the armor she wore, but one that glowed with a warm, golden light. Eyes closed, countenance bearing a serene expression, it almost seemed to call to her, and Rhaine was slightly astonished at how still the spirit-eater was inside of her.The Doomguide reached out with a trembling hand and touched that mirror of her face. Almost immediately, her soul crumbled away into nothingness, vanishing in a gust of wind with a burst of golden sparks.Her eyes grew wide in fear, and her heart pounded as she shook her head rapidly. “Oh, no. No…”But then, suddenly, the wind whipped around her, lifting her from where she had fallen to her knees. It seemed to fill her up, seeping through her nose and mouth – even her skin – with agonizing strength. She gulped for air like a fish out of water, but she could not seem to breathe, to draw any air at all into her lungs. A cacophony of noise rose in her ears, louder and louder and louder. She could see Safiya and Gann shouting at her, worry on their faces, but she could not hear them at all. She could only hear the other voices that were filling her head at a maddening rate.She heard Daeghun calling for her as he often did when she was a child, calling her home from the Mere…the yells of the practice instructor at her temple, demands for more and better… the panicked screams of her former companions as they fled the collapse of Merdelain…And then, she was unceremoniously dumped onto the ground again, and her world went black.------------------------------------------------------Rhaine’s eyes fluttered open again.

She sat straight up, looking about her frantically.

Only, something was different about it, now. It seemed almost flawless… pristine, even… when it had never looked that way before, not even after all the renovations that had been done at her command. The sky above those familiar towers was strange, as if it were shimmering with an aurora in the daytime. And as she slowly got to her feet, she saw that all of her companions were there, even Bishop.That was when the Doomguide realized that this was not really Crossroad Keep at all. It was how she remembered it.Then this was a dream, and nothing more. But why was she dreamwalking now of all times?Of a sudden, the Red Woman from her previous dreamscapes appeared, running towards her. “Rhaine! There you are. I feared you would not come before he took me. The Faceless Man… he is here!”“I’ve heard that name before,” the Doomguide said, brow furrowed. “Who is he?”“Akachi,” the woman replied, fear evident in her voice. “Or what is left of him. It is beastly, ravenous, insatiable hunger, and it is running rampant through your soul.” She gestured around herself. “Just like the Boy and I are more than mere memories, this place, too, is more than it seems. It is you. Your soul has displaced the hunger, and now it is fighting for control of your body. If you let him destroy any part of your memories, part of you will die as well.”“Kelemvor said that I needed the mask fragments to heal Akachi,” Rhaine interjected. “How can I do this?”“They are pieces of him, as I am. I belong to one. The Boy belongs to another. The third is that of the Faceless Man himself. As long as you have all three of them together, he will fear you.“You will see fragments of his hunger – twisted manifestations of the priest he once was,” she continued. “You must drive them off. Chase the Faceless Man until he can run no more, and then make him remember. Use the fragments to force him to face who he is. I will be there for you when that time comes.”And with that, the Red Woman faded away, leaving Rhaine alone again.But not for long.At once, the courtyard of the Keep filled with at least a dozen skeletal Myrkulite priests, all wielding rusted scythes. They attacked the memories of her companions with reckless abandon, seeking only to destroy them. Rhaine drew her blades and dashed to the defense of her friends… her self. And with her soul now returned to her, she found her spellcasting strength entirely replenished.The skeletons quickly surrounded Elanee and threatened to kill her before the Doomguide’s Flame Strike took half of them down in one hit. Rhaine’s sudden strength even in magic came as a surprise, but it also filled her with courage.Her power may have lain latent within the Wall, but it had certainly not faded.With the help of her memories, the rest of the Manifestations of Hunger were wiped out to the last, but there was a slight tugging sensation in her gut that indicated this was not over.Akachi was nearby…Blades held ready, Rhaine jogged towards the doors of her old Keep, drawn by that restless tug, and the Faceless Man revealed himself at last. He bore no distinct features, nor any sign that he had once been a man, save for his generic humanoid shape. His genderless body shimmered a blinding white, and he wielded a massive black scythe that curved into wicked shapes on either end. Upon his face was a hideous mask with many glowing white eyes, giving him an almost insectoid-like appearance.And then, the Faceless Man charged at her, faster than she ever would have anticipated. His scythe swung in deadly arcs at her head, and she hunkered low to avoid his powerful blows. Rhaine came in sideways with the Sword of Gith and Touch of Death, taking care to strike only when Akachi had just made a few swings of his own. The Sword of Gith, especially, seemed to bite into his shining white form, and before long, he vanished from the courtyard in a burst of sparks.The doors of her Keep swung open, then, revealing nothing but a maw of darkness within. She realized that Akachi was running from her now, fleeing deeper into her soul. As the Red Woman instructed, Rhaine gave chase, sprinting into the Keep after him…When she emerged on the other side, she found herself in a duplication of West Harbor, the memories of her childhood friends facing off with more Manifestations of Hunger. These were stronger than the last, and she very nearly lost both Daeghun and Cormick to their savage wrath. At last, though, the final Manifestation fell, and Akachi appeared once again, this time in the wheat field where she had helped to drive off the Bladelings what seemed like a lifetime ago. The two dueled once more, and the Faceless Man became even wilder in his movements. Rhaine began to see desperation in both his stance and his strikes.He was afraid.Finally, she drove him away again. A swirling portal appeared in his wake, but before she could follow him, the Red Woman and Boy appeared before her.“Wait, Rhaine,” the Red Woman spoke with hand uplifted. “You have pushed the Faceless Man to the deepest reaches of your soul. He has nowhere left to go. It is here that you must make him whole again.”“Just as the Mask is now whole,” the Boy added.Rhaine’s brow furrowed in puzzlement, and she opened her pack to retrieve the mask fragments, only to find that the Boy’s words were true. The Mask of the Betrayer was complete once again. It was an exact replica of the mask Akachi himself wore. She took it, the many glowing eyes of that bejeweled and feathered leather almost boring holes into her soul, and a strange feeling came over her as she examined it. “Can I use this against him somehow?”“The mask will protect you from his hunger,” the Red Woman replied, “which he will no doubt use against you. But you can also turn it on him. Your power knows no bounds within the depths of your soul. Use it to force him into submission.”“Call upon us,” the Boy continued, “and we will show him what he is.”Rhaine’s head cocked at the pair, realization slamming into her. “Wait… you are Akachi, too, aren’t you?”“Yes,” the Red Woman nodded with a faint smile, “we are all that remains of his sanity. We have tried to guide you when we could.”“We cannot face him with you now, for fear that he will devour us and only become stronger,” the Boy finished, “but we will be there when you need us.”And with that, the two then vanished again, leaving Rhaine to confront the Faceless Man alone.She gazed at the Mask of the Betrayer in her hands. Her eyes narrowed, and she steeled herself. This was it. The battle in which she was about to engage would not end until one or the other of them was beaten into submission… and she would never submit until she was dead.Taking the Mask by the strap, she donned it, her vision slowly adjusting to the limited field provided by the only two functional eye-holes. After a few moments of glancing around, she faced the portal before her and stepped through…------------------------------------------------------The Doomguide emerged in a strangely warm and peaceful place. It was unlike anything she had ever seen – like a cross between a holy sanctuary and a desert paradise. The “sky” was black nothingness, and the “land” was comprised of golden, glittering sand, ringed with tall rock cliffs of what appeared to be solid crystal. However, though the place permeated a sense of calm and serenity, there was also no obvious way to escape. She was effectively trapped here.Standing just across from her was the Faceless Man again. This time, he was twice his previous size, towering over her with an unmistakable air of menace. He snarled at her – a savage, bestial sound emitting from him – and she found herself subconsciously echoing his growl right back at him. They stood, staring each other down with the same insect-like masks on both their faces.And then they charged each other, kicking up sand as they went. The two clashed with incredible force, swords against scythe, sparks flying upon impact. Akachi swung fiercely at her head and she ducked, stabbing both blades into his abdomen. The Faceless Man retaliated with a lash of his spirit hunger, draining her energy in a wave of terrible power. But Rhaine answered with her own spirit-eating abilities she had learned to quickly call forth on demand, snatching the energy back… and more.They exchanged power this way perhaps dozens of times amid a flurry of spells and melee attacks. Though Akachi’s hunger was debilitating, the Mask of the Betrayer did indeed protect Rhaine from its full force, and thus the Doomguide slowly but surely began to gain an edge over the Faceless Man. He was subject to the entire brunt of her power, and her increased control over it made it far more effective… more focused.He was visibly beginning to weaken when, of a sudden, a smaller version of him split off from the whole.This smaller, quicker manifestation of the Faceless Man was enough to distract her, and the shaft of Akachi’s scythe smacked her squarely in the chest, sending her flying onto her back. Rhaine coughed, as the blow had crushed the air from her lungs, and before she knew it, the smaller manifestation was standing over her, scythe swinging down with impossible speed.The Doomguide brought both her swords up just in time to parry the awful blow, the tip of the scythe halting mere inches from her throat. Then she bunched her legs under her and planted her feet into the manifestation’s chest, sending it sailing back towards the Faceless Man. While both were at a distance, she followed up with a wicked infliction spell upon her foes, turning the small copy to dust and wounding Akachi. The Faceless Man, however, had taken the opportunity to completely heal himself while she was down, and thus the wound was certainly nothing to cry victory over.Again and again she drained his strength, and again and again Akachi used a copy of himself to distract her while he healed in full. The fight seemed to go on for an eternity, and as the battle wore on, Rhaine noticed that, even in this spiritual state, she was slowly getting weaker. At some point, something had to give…But then, at last, a mighty blow from both her swords at once sent the Faceless Man sprawling into the sand. She stood over him, prepared to strike again, when she noticed that he had dropped his hold on his wicked scythe. He bent over before her, his neck exposed – much like an animal would behave when beaten into submission. And it was then that she saw him for what he was: a slave to a hunger he neither understood nor had any control over. Certain that he would fight back no longer, she sheathed her weapons.Remembering the words of the Red Woman, she turned her focus upon the Mask of the Betrayer, calling forth the memories of the woman and the Boy, beckoning to them. After a few moments, they appeared beside her, looking down at the Faceless Man alongside her.“You are Akachi.” The Red Woman said softly. “You were once my love.”“And you are my brother,” the Boy added, “who gave me my name.”“And you are the Betrayer,” the woman finished, “who led a Crusade against his god and died in the Wall in my stead. Remember, and be whole again.”At her words, a golden light swirled around the Red Woman, the Boy, and the Faceless Man, and all three abruptly vanished from Rhaine’s soul. For a few moments, there was nothing but overwhelming silence in the aftermath, calm permeating her being, before darkness consumed her world once more.

Rhaine could feel her body lying flat on the cobbles of the City of Judgment. Her back ached horribly, as if she had lain in the same position for hours on end. Her limbs were heavy, like they had been weighted down with lead, and it took all of her strength to swim her way out of the deep blackness into which she had sunk. After what seemed like an immense effort, she at last began to stir, and she could hear her companions’ anxious voices as they noticed her movement.“Look! She’s waking up!”“Careful, don’t touch her! There’s no telling what’s happened to her.”“I no longer smell the hunger upon her…”The Doomguide groaned as she turned her head, trying to shake off the last vestiges of her slumber. At last, her eyes slowly opened, and she was staring up at the blank sky of the Fugue Plane, the Crystal Spire towering above. The Mask of the Betrayer was still on her face, and she reached up to snatch it off, throwing it aside. She inhaled deeply after, as if the Mask had stifled her breathing.Safiya’s countenance abruptly hovered sideways above her own with wide hazel eyes. “Welcome back! Gave us quite a scare, you did. Are you all right?”Gann’s face then appeared opposite the Red Wizard’s, staring down at her with his own blue gaze. “Is it done then? Is it… over?”Rhaine smiled back at them weakly. “It’s done. The spirit-eater is no more, and Akachi is free. I’m more than a little tired, but none the worse for wear, it seems.”She tried to get up, but she found she did not have the strength to lift her armored body from the ground. Gann and Safiya took her by the arms and pulled her to her feet, supporting the Doomguide as her legs threatened to buckle under her from weakness. Okku, too, pressed himself to her to brace her, looking up into her face with his golden eyes shining. “You did it, little one. I knew you could.”At that moment, it hit her. She had done it. The hunger was gone; she was no longer hollow and cold inside… there was no more presence eternally writhing within her. It was over. Her great ordeal was over, and she could finally go home.Rhaine was filled with an indescribable giddiness. She began giggling uncontrollably, her eyes filling with tears at the same time as joy and relief in equal measure flooded her being. Moreover, she felt that humming strength within her again, one that she had foolishly taken for granted prior to her curse – the power of her own soul and her connection to her god had returned at last. It was enough to make those tears spill past her eyelids and course down her cheeks in rivers.Safiya and Gann, too, began to laugh their happiness, even as they comforted Rhaine amidst the torrent of emotions that had overtaken her. They all wrapped their arms around each other in a tight embrace for several long moments.After a few minutes, though, Safiya pulled away and cleared her throat loudly, as if in warning. Rhaine quickly wiped her eyes. There was a strange, indescribable feeling in the atmosphere – one that the Doomguide had not sensed before – and her head began to throb, nausea haunting the pit of her stomach…“The curse is finished. The Betrayer’s suffering has come to an end.”Rhaine moved away from her companions and bowed deeply to Kelemvor once more, who had reappeared in the same place as before. And this time, he sounded more than a little pleased... perhaps even relieved.“You have restored Akachi’s soul – done what gods thought beyond their power,” he continued proudly. “He has gone to his Judgment… to the fate that should have been his had Myrkul not intervened: not to lie within the Wall of the Faithless, but to finally find rest amongst the False. And as for Myrkul himself, the dark god’s soul will fade and pass into nothingness, as he deserves.”She had not failed to notice the note of triumph in Kelemvor’s tone. Rhaine knew as well as he did that this was not just her own victory, but also a political one for the new Lord of the Dead, further solidifying his hold upon his throne.Rhaine smiled widely and dipped her head to him. “I’m glad to have played my part – for order and justice. I am, however, sorry that so many had to die for it to happen.”“None of my Faithful can truly perish within the bounds of my realm,” Kelemvor replied with a shake of his head, “and as for those who joined the Crusade, they knew what they risked. The blame for their deaths is not yours.”She glanced away momentarily, briefly wondering what kind of trouble that would bring her down the road. The god must have sensed her thoughts, as he added knowingly, “In smashing the Crusade, you have no doubt gained many enemies, from Mount Celestia to the Abyss. The forces of good, evil, and chaos all will see you as a nemesis standing in the way of their goals.“But my gratitude will always be yours,” he added, inclining his head in a distinctly graceful gesture. “Your actions here have earned you an honored place in my realm, and when you finally return to my gates, you may accept those honors… or walk a different path, as you choose.”Hot tears very suddenly resurfaced as Rhaine’s mouth dropped open before she forcibly shut it again. Did his generosity know no bounds? Not only would he not deem her False, but he would also reward her in eternity with a place of honor? Let her choose what she wanted?“I-I… thank you, my lord,” she managed in a stammering whisper. She was so overwhelmed, a lump constricting her throat, that she could say no more. It was taking every ounce of her control not to fall weeping before him.He nodded once. “But above all else, your struggle has won you freedom – from the shard in your chest and from the ravening presence in your soul. What you do with your newfound coin, and whom you spend it with… that is yours to decide.”A small laugh escaped her at that last remark, and the Doomguide could not help but grin. It was then that she felt Gann loop an arm about her neck beside her, and the hagspawn gave her a mischievous smirk. “What your god says about newfound coin… I have a good idea of how to spend it. There are sacred glades in Rashemen where ones who have accomplished what we have can be… indulged… in the spirit world. But that would require you to endure my presence just a bit longer.”Safiya, too, smiled warmly. “Now that Akachi has been given rest, I no longer hear this voice driving me to complete the Founder’s work. It is not yet time for me to return to the Academy. I’ve grown far too fond of traveling with you, and I wish to continue to do so… if you will have me, of course.”Okku then looked up at Rhaine. “You have shown me what it is like to feel the call of wanderlust again. Now that I am free of my oath, I can do what I please. Where to next, little one?”“My realm lies at the center of all things,” Kelemvor addressed her again, arms outstretched. “Infinite doors are open to you. Return to the Prime, if you like, or set your eyes on some other plane.”Rhaine chuckled. “As inviting as the opportunity to travel to distant worlds is, my lord, I do believe I’ve had enough of planeswalking for a lifetime. I need to go home.”He nodded. “As you wish. Return to the Betrayer’s Gate, and I shall seal the doors behind you.”At that, the Doomguide hesitated. She knew that this was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity, and if there was anything she wanted to know that Kelemvor could answer, now was the time to ask. And there were more than a few things that still bothered her…“My lord, if you would allow it, I would like to speak with you about a few things more before I leave,” she said finally, looking up at the silver countenance.Kelemvor stood in silence for a few moments, as if contemplating her request, before at last answering with a dip of his head, “I will allow it.”She offering another bow of thanks and gestured to her companions. “Go back to the portal. I’ll catch up with you in a minute.”They seemed a little reluctant to leave her behind, but they did as she bade, turning to follow the Wall back to the Supplicants’ Gate. All the while, she watched them go, sighing heavily and wondering where to begin…

The City of Judgment was eerily silent, now. Finally, what fires had started from the siege had been extinguished, and everything was returning to normal – or, what was normal for the Fugue. There was a slight chill in the air, and she shivered as she looked around. Even now, the Doomguide could hardly believe where she was standing and how she had come to be here. It was strangely beautiful, in its cold and grey serenity. When the time came, she would spend her eternity here, continuing to serve her god as a guardian of the City or as an escort for the resident spirits. She wondered how many others could be so certain of their afterlife… how many others had glimpsed where they would rest in the hereafter.Rhaine was quiet for many moments, thinking about what she wanted to say and how precisely she wanted to say it. She retrieved her weapons from where they lay and sheathed them, also picking up the Mask of the Betrayer from the cobbles and brushing the dust from it. It no longer felt odd to her… simply a piece of dyed, jeweled, and feathered hide was all it was. The ghostly white glow had left the many eyes, and now it appeared relatively unassuming, if a bit grotesque. Akachi’s remnants had been freed from it, and so its power had at last vanished.Her unexplainable giddiness had yet to dissipate. This was coupled with an ever-growing headache and increased nausea. Not only that, but all of her old memories were now painfully fresh in her mind – her worry, her anger, her fear, her grief and her sadness. All of the emotions that had built up over the past couple of years, everything that she had kept suppressed for the sake of duty, came crashing around her shoulders with an almost unbearable intensity. She found that she was perpetually fighting back more hot tears, as if she were on the brink of completely losing her composure.Kelemvor motioned for her to follow him, reminding her that she should not loiter. “You have questions.” It was more of a statement than an inquiry.She began walking beside and slightly behind him, feeling not unlike a puppy eagerly tailing a larger dog. Wincing, she rubbed her temples with her fingers and swallowed the lump in her throat. “Firstly, I think I must know… why do I feel as though I’m drunk?”There was a hint of amusement in his voice. “You are.”She quickened her pace to keep up with him, noticing that she had to take three steps for every one of his. “What do you mean, my lord?”“Have you been parted from your soul for so long that you have forgotten how it functions?” he replied. “You gain your divine power directly from me, and this power replenishes itself in the same manner. Due to being in such close proximity to your energy source, the process has been shortened considerably. What would normally take eight hours or longer to complete is being accomplished in a span of mere minutes. Simply put, you are, in every sense of the word, intoxicated.”It was certainly an amusing notion, and she found herself chuckling at the thought, but Rhaine then understood that this headache and queasiness would not subside until she left the Fugue Plane far behind her…As he slowly led her back through the city, she could not stop herself from glancing at his silver-clad face. The Doomguide wondered how he could even see where he was going with that mask. Yet, at the same time, she also knew that he likely did not need eyes to see nor ears to hear. Still, she pondered what the purpose was behind such a mask. Was it simply symbolic? Or did it provide aid through an enchantment, perhaps?“Why do you - ?” Rhaine began suddenly, but then she cut herself off, thinking the better of her inquiry and falling silent again. She cursed herself for even opening her mouth. Such a question could be deemed highly inappropriate; how easily she forgot herself and to whom she was speaking…“Wear a mask?” he finished. He stopped, turned and looked down at her, and she could feel his gaze boring a hole through her again. She halted abruptly and gulped, sincerely wishing she had not said a single word.“Considering how many times you have encountered masks and their purposes during your journeys,” Kelemvor continued quietly, “I believe you already know the answer.”He remained unmoving, then, as if expecting to hear her hypothesis. She sighed as she thought. She had indeed been faced with a great many masks, both literal and metaphorical, in both Rashemen and beyond. Magda’s actors wore garish masks. The Wychlaran wore elaborate animal masks. Akachi the Betrayer had worn a terrifying mask – the very mask she held in her hands. Kaelyn had worn a mask as well… not a literal one, of course, but a façade of innocence and virtue. Myrkul had even called her a mask; in a sense, she, too, had been the Mask of the Betrayer, as she was one of the many faces that Akachi’s hunger had donned over the centuries.Rhaine stood there, gazing up at the silver visage. She took in all of the details she could: the high sheen, the delicate swirls of engraving and embossing, the subtle sternness of the expression, the flawless symmetry. Such a seemingly simple adornment was captivating in its beauty and perfection. But it was not just a mask. It had meaning.The actors of the Veil wore masks to become the characters they represented while on stage. The Wychlaran wore masks to physically be the Witches they called themselves – the highest representatives of the spirits of Rashemen. Kaelyn wore a mask of innocence and virtue to become the righteous crusader… the idealistic champion of a seemingly doomed cause. Akachi wore a mask to transform himself into the Betrayer – to leave behind the trappings of his priesthood and thus, his ties to Myrkul. His hunger took a mask because it had no face of its own and sought to become that mask, only to destroy itself in the process.If Kelemvor’s mask was no different than any of these, literal or figurative, then she did, indeed, have her answer.Steeling herself, she began, “You wear a mask to become what it symbolizes. For you, it is the emotionless judge… a judge who is fair and just, and who is never biased… a judge who does not see man, woman, or child, only the spirit within… a judge who bestows his verdicts to all souls equally and by the rule of law alone.”There was a long pause. Neither of them moved, but simply stared at each other. At last, Kelemvor broke the silence, dipping his head in acknowledgement of her words. “You are wise beyond your years, Rhaine Alcinea.”She let out her breath, only now realizing that she had been holding it as she waited for his response. Yet her mind filled with even more questions. Why, all of a sudden, did she feel like some sort of exception to the rules? This thought yet haunted her, even after all that had just transpired…“My lord, forgive me, but I still do not understand,” she replied with a shake of her head, glancing away. “If what I said was true… I-I broke your laws repeatedly… no matter how big or small they were, I committed transgressions against you… and yet you offer me a place of honor at your side. You… you act as if none of it ever happened…”“Do you seek punishment?” Kelemvor asked rather bluntly.Her eyes widened and she stiffened, completely silent.“Matters are hardly ever black and white, Rhaine – you know this,” the god continued, his tone thankfully yet devoid of any annoyance. “You speak of judgments, but such judgments must be tempered with mercy… and with the wisdom to understand circumstances. This was something that Myrkul did not possess. He allowed his anger to override his reason, put himself above his own laws, and exacted vengeance without looking at the situation from a true judge’s eye. Akachi was, at his very worst, a False soul. He was never Faithless, and thus he should never have touched the Wall. Yet Myrkul was so intent on avenging the slight against him that he created a monster only existent through broken laws… a monster that, in the end, consumed him.“Neither mortals nor gods are above the law, and there are many among both who would be wise to heed such a warning. It is something that neither Kaelyn nor Myrkul could understand. You broke my laws, yes. You violated my doctrine, yes. Had you possessed your soul when you committed these acts, you would be seen as False.“But you were driven by circumstance. I know that you, had you been in proper possession of your soul, never would have contemplated doing such deeds – that the only reason you committed them was to retrieve your soul, which had wrongfully taken Akachi’s place in the Wall due to reasons far beyond your control. I also know that you never intended to betray me, and that is where the crux of the matter lies. I heard the words you spoke before my gates. I saw you stand with my servants against the leaders of the Crusade. Your loyalties were never in question.“Do I believe in acts of redemption? Yes. And if redemption is what you have sought, you have found it. You chose to stand with me, against impossible odds, despite the mounting pressure from those around you and the lure of a seemingly noble cause. You risked your very existence to put an end to an unjust curse that perpetuated a dead god’s wrath upon generations of mortals. What you have done this day is more than enough to repay me for any trespasses you might have committed to arrive here.”The floodgates broke. She had already been teetering precariously on the brink of emotional breakdown, and his words successfully pushed her over the edge. The tears poured from her eyes again in hot streams, and her weak legs failed support her shaking form. Rhaine sank to her knees in front of him, burying her face in her hands and uncontrollably sobbing. Overwhelming joy, relief, and shame washed over her in powerful waves.Kelemvor sighed, though his voice was gentle. “You judge yourself more harshly than I ever would.”“I know, milord… I’m sorry,” she managed to squeak.“Cease your apologies.”There was something about the way he said it that turned her sobs into irrepressible giggles once more. She felt undeniably, unavoidably stupid. What had she expected? For Kelemvor to be as merciless as Kaelyn had painted him to be? Had she allowed the half-celestial’s words – and those of Myrkul – to taint what she had been taught about him her entire life?Her thoughts wandered to High Father Gerard, who had hung his hopes on the possibility of redemption through her.She stood again, fighting a blush of sheer embarrassment all the while. Then, clearing her throat uncomfortably and drying her eyes, she added, “You speak of redemption, milord. If I may ask… did High Father Gerard ever find his?”“It was found before he ever passed from the Prime. He brought you into my fold, and that is redemption enough.”The Doomguide found that blush manifesting in full. She was about to open her mouth to speak again when a grating voice suddenly permeated the air, unknown to her.

Rhaine glanced around to find the source of the strange voice, finally spotting a darkly robed figure heading towards them. Its garb was in tatters, the hood up, nothing but darkness within. A pair of crimson eyes glowed beneath the cowl, disconcerting in their unblinking gaze. The figure had no feet or legs, and so appeared to float in their direction, gliding over the narrow street with an alien grace.“Yes, Jergal?” Kelemvor inquired.The Doomguide froze. So this was the original holder of the office of death… or what he had become. She knew that he was only a shadow of what he had once been, but his presence still caused her to shudder involuntarily.“The last of the invaders have been routed from the City,” Jergal rasped, his voice rather impassive. “Do you wish your paladins to pursue them beyond the Fugue?”“No,” Kelemvor replied. “Let them flee.”“As you wish, my liege,” the figure answered with a bow. His scarlet eyes settled on Rhaine for a few moments before he vanished from their presence entirely.Kelemvor resumed his walking. “Come.”She obeyed. They continued on in complete silence for several minutes. Rhaine’s eyes fell upon the Wall of the Faithless again, and her thoughts trailed to Bishop. The ranger did not have her pity. In fact, she believed he had gotten what he deserved. His betrayal had cost dozens of lives, and he had not felt guilty about it in the least. And as she recalled many things that Bishop had said in both life and death, she suddenly realized that he had actually gotten what he wanted.He was not naïve. He had always been a Faithless soul, and he knew what awaited him in the afterlife. As a Doomguide, she was a constant reminder of where he was going, and he wanted that fate. He wanted death, so he could sink into oblivion and never feel again. How many others trapped in the Wall shared that same mindset? How many did not fear their eventual obliteration, but welcomed it?Thinking about Bishop inevitably led to her to wonder about her other companions. Ammon’s account of the events in Merdelain was not much better than her own, and she was concerned that he might have been mistaken about many of her comrade’s fates. Kelemvor’s knowledge, however, would not be so skewed.“My lord,” she began at length, “I encountered one of my old allies not long ago, and he told me what he knew about the others of my company… how they fared after the battle…”“You wish to know if his account was correct,” Kelemvor finished for her.“Yes, milord,” she answered with a nod.There was a pause before he replied, “Ammon Jerro was correct in his assessment of the situation… except for the fate of one. The paladin you knew as Casavir did not perish within the walls of Merdelain. He was pulled from the ruins by the rest of your living comrades and healed of his injuries. He now continues to serve at Crossroad Keep, in your name.”She sighed, closing her eyes briefly. It was a relief to know that the noble paladin had not died there after all. Her only regret was not being there to help them in the aftermath… and to save Grobnar.The Doomguide then briefly thought of her mother, who had also been the victim of a sad fate. She even wondered about her father – her real flesh-and-blood father. Daeghun had told her so little about Esmerelle, and she had heard nothing at all about her mother’s partner. Kelemvor would know about both of them……but Rhaine kept her silence. Some things were meant to stay mysteries. Perhaps there was a reason that she did not know more than she did about her true parents. In her early years, she had Daeghun as a faithful – albeit cold – guardian, and for six years Father Dunstan had always treated her like his own beloved daughter. Besides, asking Kelemvor about too much would feel like exploitation on her part. Taking advantage of him any more than she already had would be exceedingly impertinent.At last, they caught up with the companions, who waited for her where they had originally emerged beyond the City. She nodded to them, and Okku, Gann, and Safiya proceeded into the portal yet left behind by the Betrayer’s Gate. Before she followed them into it, however, Rhaine felt she had one last thing to do.“My lord, I have one final thing to ask of you, if you will allow it,” she said, turning back towards Kelemvor.“Yes?”Sighing, she unbuckled the Sword of Gith from her waist, extending both it and the Mask of the Betrayer toward him. “I cannot depart this plane with these in my possession. For one, this sword is no longer a part of me. Without the shard in my chest, I have no connection to it. It is just another weapon to me, powerful or no. It has served its purpose, I think, and I need it no longer. Above all, however, I think that if it were to accidentally fall into the hands of another, and that someone managed to open this Gate again with it, I would never forgive myself.“And as for the Mask, it is no longer relevant to me, either. It belonged to Akachi, and he will forever remain on the Fugue. To be honest, I do not want to possess such a reminder of our suffering, and I would like to think that he would agree with me.”The two items instantly vanished from her grasp. She had to blink a few times to make sure they were gone, so suddenly had they disappeared.“As you wish. They will be kept in the vaults of Eternity’s End until they are deemed necessary to surface on the Prime once again,” Kelemvor acquiesced.Rhaine simply nodded. With that, she approached the shining black portal, the god’s reflection visible behind her upon its slightly rippling surface. The Doomguide then half turned, smiling over her shoulder at him. “Farewell, my lord. And thank you… for everything.”The Lord of the Dead inclined his head to her, “Until we speak again, Rhaine Alcinea… and I do not think that will be long.”Rhaine’s smile widened into a grin.

When the familiar lurching sensation of teleportation stopped, Rhaine found herself and her companions not within Myrkul’s Vault again, but deposited inside the Temple of Kelemvor in Mulsantir. Almost immediately, the lingering sense of giddiness and nausea dissipated, leaving only warm calm in its wake. A loud popping noise resounded through the nave as the planar portal snapped shut behind her, and, consequently, Brother Darovik burst from his private chambers only moments later with his sword drawn and at the ready. There were a few seconds of awkward silence before that blade, so much like hers, clattered to the tiled floor. The priest rushed then to the Doomguide’s side with wide grey eyes, seizing her by the shoulders and searching her face with almost frantic excitement.“By the grace of Kelemvor, you… you have returned! We prayed for you, sister, and it seems our pleas were heard! You are alive, and… and what happened?” the Rashemi’s questions, between their speed and his accent, came out as an almost incomprehensible flood – such an amusing contrast to his usual somber demeanor. “Did you do it? What of the curse?”At this point, a bleary-eyed Yusev entered the nave as well, and the young acolyte hovered around the altar with mild interest. An occasional yawn suggested that he had been sound asleep – the group must have returned in the middle of the night. All the while, her companions departed the temple quietly, likely so as to let the Doomguide have a private reunion with her fellow faithful.Rhaine squeezed the priest’s arm gently, answering him with a soft smile. “It is done, Darovik. The spirit-eater is no more, and Akachi has at last found rest.”It was then that Darovik’s mouth split into a wide grin, and his eyes sparkled with unbridled joy. “That is… more than I could have hoped for! I am so glad, for you and for all of Rashemen! But tell me, what of the Crusade that was inevitably called by your sword?”“Stopped by that same sword,” she replied with a nod. “Akachi’s generals are no more, and Kaelyn the ‘Dove’ has been taken to Mount Celestia, never again to trespass on the Fugue. In the end, she turned against me and our god, and she paid the price for her insolence. As for the blade itself, it now rests in the vaults of Eternity’s End under Kelemvor’s watchful eye, so that no more Crusades may be called in the future.”She then saw him open his mouth to ask another question, his brow furrowing, but she already knew what it was and she patted him reassuringly. “Fear not for my soul, brother. Kelemvor and I parted on… well, rather excellent terms in all actuality. All is well between us. Truly, it is as if nothing ever happened.”Darovik laughed aloud in elation upon hearing those words, at last pulling her to him. He embraced her fiercely, clapping her upon the back repeatedly. “No matter what anyone else might say, you have brought great honor to our church and to our god. You are truly the greatest of us all. No one else could have accomplished what you have this day and lived to tell the tale. No other of our order could ever hope to aspire to your level of esteem. You are blessed in more ways than you realize, my sister.”“Aye,” Rhaine agreed, inclining her head as she pushed back from him. “Blessed indeed. Give thanks to our god this night, good brother, for without him I would not be standing here, speaking with you. If anyone here is deserving of praise, it is he.”------------------------------------------------------The morning was not long away, and when dawn tinted the sky pink and gold, the companions left their temporary refuge at the Sloop to deliver the good news to the Wychlaran. The Witches, like Darovik, were absolutely overjoyed to hear of Rhaine’s success, and they hailed her and her allies as heroes. At their decree, for the next tenday, the Rashemi citizens of Mulsantir celebrated the companions’ legendary success. Every night was filled with jubilant feasting, drinking, dancing, and extravagant spiritual ceremonies in honor of their deeds.The Doomguide herself, however, was not a part of those festivities. According to the Witches, she and her companions had, whilst on the Fugue, been gone for three days straight. It was little wonder, then, why Rhaine felt so fatigued upon her return. Thus, she politely declined to participate in the celebratory activities and remained in her room at the Sloop, only emerging to take her meals. Her body was thoroughly exhausted from everything that had happened in the past months, and her recovery was slow. Yet – little by little, day by day – her strength returned. Her regained memories gradually sank to the back of her mind once again, and she was able to sleep without dreaming.It was a blissful and welcome respite.However, even isolated as she was, the bustle of the city grated on the Doomguide’s tender nerves. Gannayev sensed Rhaine’s desire for true solitude and peace, away from prying eyes, and so he took her and their friends on a trip to some of the most secluded – and most beautiful – places in Rashemen to heal her soul. For the first time since she arrived, she was able to appreciate the cold beauty of this rugged country. In what places where telthors resided, they too offered their thanks to the Doomguide and their Bear King for the end of the terrible spirit-eater curse.Ultimately, it was in these wilds that Rhaine and Gannayev finally parted ways. She expressed her interest in at last heading home to the Sword Coast, and the dreamwalker wished to remain in the land that fostered him. And as she and Safiya made their way back to Mulsantir, Okku took his leave of them too; the great Bear King returned to his ancient barrow where, his oath now fulfilled in truth, eternal slumber awaited him until such time as the land needed him once more.The Red Wizard and the Doomguide remained at the Veil theatre for another tenday afterwards, where the former hatched a plan to return Rhaine to the Sword Coast as quickly as she had been snatched from it. Safiya labored day and night in Lienna’s workshop, all the while the Rashemi dropped by from time to time to ply their heroine with parting gifts – mostly gold or small baubles. In all honesty, Rhaine had no desire for material reward, yet she could not refuse them for fear of insulting the people and the Wychlaran. Thus, by the time the wizardess had finished her work, Rhaine’s pack and purse were full to bursting with coin and treasures of all sorts.At last, however, the Doomguide could return to her beloved homeland. With Rhaine’s aid in pinpointing its location, Safiya had successfully warped one of the many portals in the Shadow Veil to link with the Illefarn Song Portal in the ruins of Arvahn, northeast of Neverwinter. Rhaine would still have a ways to walk to get back to Waterdeep, but it would reduce the length of her journey from many months to a handful of days.As the Doomguide stood before the glimmering portal, which hummed faintly with the familiar song of Illefarn magic, an overwhelming sense of relief overcame her. She was finally going home.“Well, there you are,” Safiya said with a grin, obviously proud of her handiwork. “The Sword Coast is only a few steps away.”Rhaine smiled, tears filling her eyes, and she embraced the Red Wizard fiercely in gratitude. “Thank you, Safiya. For everything. I would not have survived this land, and this curse, without you.” Then, pushing back, she searched her friend’s hazel eyes. “Are you sure you won’t come along with me? I’m certain you would love the Coast.”At that, the wizardess laughed lightly. “As much as I would like to, I can’t leave the Academy untended any longer. There’s no telling what’s happened to the place since we left – to the students and Master Djafi. Mother… I mean, the Founder… would not have wanted the Academy to fall into disrepair, and her work is too precious to abandon. Not after all she went through to achieve it. Besides,” she grinned, “I have an obligation to empty that soul repository, like I promised you.”The Doomguide mirrored her expression, dipping her head in thanks. “I appreciate that, Safiya. Very much.”It was then that Kaji hovered over, settling upon Rhaine’s shoulder and looking at her with shining black eyes in his clay face. “So… is this when we say goodbye?”She smiled softly at the homunculus. “I suppose so, Kaji.”He promptly wrapped his little clay arms and wings around her neck, squeezing as tightly as his minute frame would allow. “Goodbye, not spirit-eater. I’ll miss you lots.”Rhaine patted his tiny back. “I’ll miss you a lot too, Kaji. Just promise me one thing, will you?”“Sure!” Kaji exclaimed, hovering once again with a flap of his batlike wings. “What?”The Doomguide’s smile widened. “Promise me you won’t steal from the golems anymore.”Kaji’s face wrinkled. “But-”Safiya tapped him gently with her staff.He sighed heavily. “Okay. I promise.”Rhaine nodded once, satisfied. Then, turning back to Safiya, she bowed slightly. “Farewell, Mistress Safiya. May fortune continue to smile upon you.”The Red Wizard inclined her head in response. “And you, Rhaine Alcinea.”And with that, the Doomguide stepped through the portal and at last departed the wild and barbaric land of Rashemen.------------------------------------------------------Rhaine walked westward from Arvahn to the northern stretch of the High Road, where she began to head south to Neverwinter. Along the way, she overheard snippets of travelers’ conversations, and she learned much of what had happened on the Sword Coast while she was on the other side of the continent. Most of the information she gleaned was not good, and this greatly influenced her ultimate resolution concerning her affiliation with Neverwinter; in the end, she made up her mind to sever her connections with the City of Tyr for good.In the months that she had been away from the Coast, Lord Nasher had foolishly let Port Llast fall into Luskan hands, and so it had been up to a band of ragtag adventurers to save the small town from the abuse of the Hosttower. He had also neglected to send soldiers to look for the Knight-Captain after her defeat of the King of Shadows.Thus, the Doomguide’s respect for Nasher vanished. Upon her arrival in Castle Never, she promptly announced her abdication of her position as Knight-Captain of Crossroad Keep, informing the Lord of Neverwinter that she had originally set out at the behest of her temple superior, and it was to this temple that she was now going to return. Rhaine was, first and foremost, a priestess – not a knight, a lady, nor a servant of Neverwinter City. She made no mention of where she had been, nor did she feel obliged to do so. Her decision made and her message delivered, she departed the city as abruptly as she had arrived… never to return.On her way out of the stunned court, however, she was happily reunited with Sand and Neeshka, both of whom appeared none the worse for wear. Sand’s shop had been relocated to the more illustrious Merchant Quarter, and Neeshka was now the head of a professional thieves guild… rivaling that of the fabled Shadow Thieves of Amn. It was from these two that she learned of Qara’s current trial against her traitor of a father, one that they were assisting the sorceress with by finding and compiling key information to utilize in court. They also told her of Khelgar’s recent appointment as Steward of Crossroad Keep, a position granted to him in Rhaine’s absence. With her permission, they traveled with her to the Keep, plying her with questions concerning where she had been, but to no avail. She would not speak of her whereabouts or her experiences, not even to her closest comrades – the wounds were still too fresh.By this time, word had begun to spread all along the northern Sword Coast that the legendary Knight-Captain had returned. Total strangers hailed her as a friend, and many asked her for blessings or small tokens, as if she were a saint of some sort. Upon her arrival at her Keep, she discovered that many things had changed to it as well… and some not for the better. The farmlands had been expanded, as had the mining operations. The fortress was now more of a small city than a military base, boasting merchant representatives from all over the nearby holds. A new prominent mercantile house had taken up headquarters within the keep itself, and this business had turned Crossroad Keep into the economic powerhouse of the northern Sword Coast.But it was no longer the Crossroad Keep she knew. What had made it the castle she loved was the people, most of whom were now gone. Casavir had remained, as Kelemvor had told her, but he was constantly leading distant road and land patrols. Bevil was promoted to a commanding position and reassigned to remote outposts like Old Owl Well. Kana, her lieutenant, had abandoned the keep, seeking her own way after Rhaine had disappeared. Many of the soldiers and volunteers had retired or simply left, including Edario the smith, Casavir’s sergeant Katriona, and even Sal the barkeep. The church of Tyr had been converted to that of Waukeen… wealth now being valued more than justice. It was quite telling, and it confirmed that Rhaine’s decision to leave Neverwinter forever was indeed the right one.Khelgar, when he saw his beloved Knight-Captain in the company of Sand and Neeshka once again, fell to his knees and wept. The brash dwarf had become quite emotional in the aftermath of the second Shadow War, and he bore physical marks of his ordeal – in the collapse of Merdelain, his face had been scarred even more than it had been before. He told her the details about the aftermath of the ruin’s fall over several tankards of mead at the Phoenix Tail, but never once did he pry into her own disappearance. Perhaps he had sensed that she truly did not wish to speak of it…When the dwarf learned of her formal abdication of her position, he, too, promptly abandoned his post as Steward of the castle. He exchanged his Neverwinter Nine tunic for his old monk’s robes once again and left a short letter of explanation to Sir Nevalle in the hands of a courier.Here, Rhaine was also reunited with Angel, her beloved white mare, who had apparently pined for her mistress in the months that the Doomguide had been gone… refusing to let anyone touch her in Rhaine’s absence. When Angel saw her rider again, however, the mare was giddy with excitement, clamoring to get out of her stall and into the wide world again. Rhaine more than happily obliged her.Together with her horse and her three good friends, Rhaine continued her journey south, heading towards Fort Locke. There, Neeshka and Sand at last parted ways with her and bid her their sincerest farewells, as it was likely they would never meet again. Khelgar and the Doomguide then continued on to West Harbor, and for a while, it was just the pair of them.It was on the fringes of the Mere of Dead Men, however, that they were greeted by Elanee. The druidess was now the Elder of a new Circle of the Mere, having found recruits after the shadows were driven from the swamp. She and her new band were sworn to help travelers who became lost in the depths of the Mere, in addition to being stalwart vigilantes against any remaining servants of shadow. Elanee joined them for a ways to help speed their journey, though the wood elf spoke little; she retreated into the swamps again as they approached the village, giving the dwarf and Doomguide her final goodbyes.It was only a matter of seconds before she vanished into the mists of the Mere once more.------------------------------------------------------West Harbor was nothing like it had been when Rhaine was a little girl. The place was now fortified with a massive palisade wall and watchtowers. The population had, surprisingly enough, grown significantly in the past few months… likely due to an influx of Neverwintan and Highcliff refugees. It was also a new and popular caravan stop now that the town’s famous Harvest Mead was being exported.Out of the original inhabitants of the village, only Tarmas the wizard, Lazlo Buckman, and Daeghun Farlong remained. Rhaine’s reunion with her foster father was bittersweet – with her presumed death, he had obviously realized his neglect to her in the past, and his greeting was tearful… more emotional than the Doomguide had ever seen him. Yet, though she was glad to see Daeghun alive and well, she found she did not share in his joy. Not truly. After so many years of nothing but almost cold passiveness from the ranger, his sudden affection felt odd, and though she tried, Rhaine found herself unable to return it in full. Thus, her stay in the village was short-lived. After only two days of rest, she departed for Waterdeep once more.She would never return.------------------------------------------------------“Well, lass, this is where I leave ye,” Khelgar said at last, sliding from his spot on the saddle behind the Doomguide and plopping to the ground beside Angel. For a minute, he simply stood there, admiring the Sword Coast sunset… the brilliant pinks and oranges turning the Sea of Swords to liquid fire and illuminating the far-distant walls of Waterdeep in glittering gold.Rhaine nodded her understanding. “It has been good to travel with you again, friend.”“Aye, and with you as well,” Khelgar answered with a grin, his teeth shining in his beard and more than a few of them missing. “But I really should get back to my clanhold. You taught me what happens when a dwarf neglects his people for too long. My place isn’t here anymore, but with the Ironfists.”The Doomguide’s emerald eyes shone as she smiled upon her old companion. “Then may the Morndinsamman watch over you and guide you on your journey, Khelgar.”“And you, Knight-Captain. No matter what they, you, or anyone says, you’ll always be the Knight-Captain to me,” he replied, bowing to her before turning eastward towards the foothills of the Sword Mountains.Rhaine’s eyes filled with tears as she watched him go, making sure he got as far as she could see without need for aid. Her journey had started with Khelgar at her side, and now it finished with him leaving it. And as she turned back towards the High Road with a tremulous sigh, looking southwards at the speck of glitter that was Waterdeep on the far horizon, she realized that a chapter of her life had just ended.

“…on the subject of resurrection. Now, let us start with the complications, as I believe the process and the results are already obvious. What are the major concerns when attempting to resurrect a person? Yes, Phoebe?”“Willingness of the victim’s patron deity.”“Of course, that is always a concern. Some gods are more favorable to the idea of resurrection than others. Some will even refuse to allow such an act to be performed. What else?”“Skill of the cleric.”“Yes, Anton, a most important concern. Novice priests and priestesses are almost never endowed with the power to resurrect. Not only is the incantation difficult, but it can also outright kill the cleric if he or she is not strong enough to handle the tremendous amounts of energy involved. But there are yet more difficulties to think about. What else? Jarod?”“The willingness of the soul to return to the living.”“Indeed. Most do not realize that this is an important factor. Should you continue to call said spirit after he or she has not answered your summons, your actions will border necromancy. And as you should all know at this point, such a practice is strictly forbidden in this Church. Now, there is one last thing that you all are overlooking… any ideas?”The classroom of the archives rang with silence as Father Dunstan surveyed his students.“Anything at all?”After a few more deathly quiet moments, a familiar voice finally spoke.“How long the subject has remained deceased.”There was murmuring and rustling throughout the class as the students twisted around in their seats, trying to find the source of the unfamiliar voice. The priest’s mouth fell open in shock, the tome falling from his hands and into a crumpled heap upon the floor. He then purposefully strode to the back of the room where, half-cloaked in shadow, a fiery-haired half-elven woman leaned casually against the back wall. At his approach, she ran forward to meet him, her face alight with elation.“Dunstan!”“Rhaine!? By the gods!”They collided in the middle of the classroom. The two clutched each other tightly and buried their faces in each other’s shoulders, muffling their joyous laughter. The acolytes stared up at them, slightly confused, some whispering to each other behind their hands. Dunstan did not fail to notice this burgeoning gossip, and the priest’s voice wavered with emotion as he broke away from Rhaine and shooed them away. “Class is dismissed… we’ll discuss this lesson in detail tomorrow… out!”The students did not hesitate to oblige him, swiping their books from their desks and eagerly departing to enjoy some rare free time. After the last acolyte left the room, Dunstan rushed to close the door behind him and simply stood there, staring at Rhaine for the longest time. His weathered face bore an expression of utter astonishment upon it.At last, however, he spoke again in a voice hushed with disbelief, “Where… where have you been? I received a letter from Neverwinter… that you had gone missing and were presumed dead. I… I couldn’t believe it. I prayed to Kelemvor… asked him to tell me your soul did not lie on the Fugue… but I was left in silence. Why?” He shook his head slowly. “Why did he not answer me? Is my faith not strong enough? Am I not worthy of his time?”Her mouth cracked into an amused grin. She knew exactly why Kelemvor had not answered him.“Because he would have been lying if he said I wasn’t, so he said nothing at all.”Dunstan’s jaw dropped again, his eyes widening in horror. “What? No! You can’t possibly have... you were-?”Rhaine raised her hand to stop him. Sighing, she looked down at her plated boots – dented, discolored, and scratched, just like the rest of her armor. Indeed, she must have been a right sight to him. Her cuirass still bore large impact gouges from Akachi’s scythe. The cloak she had obtained in Rashemen was worn through and tattered. Her scarlet hair was much longer, broken, the ends split. Perhaps it looked as if she had arisen from the grave. She leaned against a nearby desk and looked up, meeting his soft and kind brown eyes with her own.And then, she proceeded to explain what had happened to her, starting with her disappearance from the Mere and ending with her departure from the Fugue Plane. All the while, Father Dunstan listened with rapt attention, never once interrupting her tale. It was terribly painful to describe what had occurred and what she had done, especially breaking the tenets of her Church, but she told all. As she recounted her experiences, one by one, his expression changed sentence by sentence: from horror, to pity, to sadness, to horror again, to fear, and then pride and happiness.When she finally finished, he rushed forward again, embracing her fiercely in a hug that swallowed her whole. The tears that had threatened to fall earlier flowed like a river as he held her, stroking her hair gently. “It’s all right. You’re home now, and that’s all that matters.”At that, she too began to weep… not only because of her retelling, but because her absence had also obviously caused him great pain. Rhaine rested her head on his shoulder like a child and whispered at length, “I wish there could have been another way… I wish someone else-”“No,” he said suddenly, pushing her back from him and staring into her face with an intense gaze. “No. Don’t say that. Only you could have stopped that terrible curse; only you could have halted the Third Crusade. You were chosen to play this part for a reason – however painful it may have been for you to endure, you persevered. You showed the world your unbreakable strength, your unwavering loyalty, and your unshakeable faith. You have made history, Rhaine Alcinea. And you have defeated, perhaps, the greatest evil the Sword Coast has ever known. This Church is blessed with your presence, and you have been blessed with so many gifts.”He wiped away a stream of tears from her cheek with his thumb. “I am proud… so very proud to have played even a small part in making you the wonderful and brave young woman you have become.”She patted his hand gently, voice wavering as she replied, “And I am proud to call you my father.”------------------------------------------------------“Are you going to stay a while?”Dunstan had finished his sermon and dismissed the congregation long ago. Now, only he and Rhaine remained in the nave of the Temple. The sun was setting, its warm light streaming through the high windows and illuminating the altar in a golden glow. She remained sitting on an oaken pew while he relit a few of the nearby candelabras.She smiled a little and nodded. “I’d like to be alone with my thoughts for a bit, yes.”Rhaine readjusted her sleeves again. It had been so long since she had worn her customary robes that they were slightly uncomfortable. She shifted on the bench, tucking a lock of hair behind her ear and straightening her hood. The ends of her tresses were thick, as she had removed at least six inches from the scarlet waves. As a result, her head felt startlingly light, now. Indeed, it was as if the entirety of her body were too delicate and her clothing too flimsy.Dunstan noticed her fidgeting. “More comfortable in armor now, eh, Sister?”She chuckled lightly. “You could say that.”He nodded once in understanding, finishing his work and bowing out. “I’ll leave you to your contemplation, then, and I shall pray that you find peace tonight, my dear.”Rhaine waited a few minutes, until Dunstan had disappeared in full, before sighing aloud, as if trying to expel her exhaustion and her feelings with her breath alone. She then rose and paced around, glancing at the various pieces of furniture and decorations around the nave. Everything was almost as it had been when she had left nearly two years ago.With her hard-soled temple boots, even her softest footsteps were loud as she walked around the marble hall. The pervading silence that came this late in the day was slightly disconcerting and, at the same time, tranquil. She remembered when this kind of peace and solitude was nothing but comforting to her in her youth. Now, though, after so long of living on pins and needles, the serenity was almost alien to her. It would be difficult to become accustomed to again.Slowly, she approached the altar and let her eyes fall on all of the intricate pieces there… the skeletal hand and scales of ivory and brass, the golden collection plate, and the myriad of glowing and flickering candles set all around. She absentmindedly played with the flame of one of those candles as she looked past the altar to the alcove behind it. It had always struck her as an oddly empty area – at least twenty feet high, just a niche in the wall topped with an arched window. It had been that way ever since she had first arrived at the temple so many years ago, and yet it felt as if it were still missing something.The Doomguide’s thoughts trailed to her newfound fortune. No doubt it would end up dumped into the Temple’s coffers, sooner or later. She herself had no desire to spend it on material things. Unless…An idea struck her as forcefully as if she had been punched. She stared at the empty alcove, brightly illuminated in the ruddy hues of the setting sun. Grinning to herself with a slight bit of mischief as she recalled her god’s words in the City of Judgment, she hurried back through the empty corridors to her chambers. Snatching some spare parchment and a quill from her desk, she began to sketch…------------------------------------------------------Her purse was certainly lighter, now. The gnomish brothers had been eager to take her coin, but they were deserving of it. Their handiwork was the finest she had ever seen, and she felt honored to have played a part in designing their newest creation.During the night, they wheeled the separate pieces into the temple, while most of the inhabitants were asleep. Their work was to be unveiled the following day at the graduation ceremony of the newest Doomguides, so Rhaine watched as the two Lantanese natives assembled the parts with utmost care. As they did so, she marveled at how well it fit with the rest of the temple. The alcove was no longer empty. From now on, it would be the center of attention.When it was finally in place, Dunstan placed a hand on her shoulder as he gazed up at the new addition. His voice was tinged with awe – and a bit of surprise.“So that’s what he looks like, eh?”------------------------------------------------------The next morning, her fellow priests were astonished, but not disappointed at the sight of Rhaine’s gift, and many a prayer was whispered after the presentation and the following sermon.The alcove was now graced with a twenty-foot high statue of Kelemvor himself, which had been designed from Rhaine’s detailed sketches. It was stunningly accurate and, perhaps, the first of its kind. Crafted mostly from black marble, with touches of true adamantine, mithral, and a dash of gold, the figure was lavish in material, but also tasteful in design.The Lord of the Dead was depicted with his both his sword and the scales of justice in hand. His head was held neither high in pride nor low in disdain, but level, as if watchful for something above their heads that only he could see. The hooded marble cloak flowed with almost liquid fluidity, the black stone seamlessly meeting the tiles of the floor, as if it had always been a part of it. His adamantine armor pieces gave off a slight green shimmer in the firelight around him, and his silver mask, made from mithral to prevent tarnishing, glowed with a ghostly sheen. His sword was also mithral, embellished with a few flawless emeralds upon the crossguard and pommel, and the scales of justice were crafted of solid gold.Rhaine remained in the nave even after the others of her church had gone to bed, gazing up at the moonlit statue and admiring the gnomes’ beautiful work. And then, after a few moments, she felt a warm sensation all around her, a familiar voice sounding within her mind.“If you have done this out of a misbegotten notion that you are somehow indebted to me, you are sorely mistaken and have wasted your coin.”She grinned impishly. “Well, you are the one who said I could spend it how I liked.”Silence.“Besides, it will give the acolytes something to, ah, look up to.”Silence.She sighed in exasperation. “Look. I needed a more tangible way to say ‘thank you’. Words were not enough for me. Actions have real meaning.”“Could you not have thought of a better use for your gold? Material wealth has no value in my realm. Did you think it would mean anything more to me on the Prime? The gravedigger’s shack is as the Tower of Skulls – only mortals and the vainest of gods put worth on extravagance.”Her brow furrowed. “Would you rather my coin be coppered and silvered to death on maintenance and repairs? Dumped into our coffers for pomp and ceremony?”Silence.The Doomguide crossed her arms defiantly, lifting her chin. “I regret nothing. If Sune and Helm and Tyr and Tempus can all have statues, so can you.”“That may be true. But this effigy is also more than mere thanks. It will always be a reminder of where you have been… and where you are going. And whether you are conscious of the fact or not, you have done this more to ease your own mind than for my benefit.”This time, it was Rhaine who was silent. The truth of his words rendered her momentarily speechless. But then, after a moment, she sighed again, shaking her head. “Any other god would be pleased that such an impressive artwork was made in his image.”“I did not say that I wasn’t… only that your purpose behind it is invalid.”“Well,” she replied with a slight chuckle, “then I suppose you could call this my splurge for the year. As I said before: I regret nothing.”At that, his presence wordlessly retreated from her mind, and she was left alone again, staring up at the magnificent statue. After a few moments, she shook her head once more and made her way across the nave, approaching the passage to the West Wing. But then, as she opened the heavy oaken door, she turned and looked back one final time.Perhaps she didn’t regret this purchase, but there were so many other things that she did regret – things that she had done, things she hadn’t done, and things that she did not have the opportunity to say.Kelemvor was right. This statue was and always would be a reminder of everything she had gone through – nothing of which could be changed or denied. Others would only see the god himself. She would always see her past… and her future.It was both a devoted laudation and a painful memento.She chuckled to herself at the thought.A memento mori.

It was storming outside of the Temple of Kelemvor.The wind howled around the eaves, the rain pounding on the stained glass in torrents. Flashes of blue-white lightning occasionally illuminated the corridors in a bright and eerie glow before returning the interior to its dark and candle-lit warmth. Most of the clergy were busy in their own quarters – some of them making sure that the youngest members were tucked into bed, others preparing for the morrow’s lessons, and still others penning official documents and tending to the mortuary. Rhaine, however, lingered alone in the nave after the eventide sermon, as usual.It had been four months since her return from Rashemen. The days were long, predictable, and largely uneventful, and for that, she was thankful… she felt that she had quite enough excitement for a while. The demanding routines of the Doomguides were easy to become lost in, and it was during those monotonous schedules that Rhaine began to put the harrowing trials of the past year behind her.Rhaine’s duties were not as tedious as most. She did not specialize in embalming or other corporeal funerary procedures like some of her brothers and sisters did. Thus, she did not have to engage in backbreaking, painstaking work from sunup to sundown. She also was not an instructor, and so she did not have to spend her nights preparing lectures and hands-on activities for her students for the following days.She did, however, perform more of the emotionally-taxing duties of her church – tending to the dying by administering Last Rites and comforting their grieving loved ones through the pain of loss. She was a compassionate counselor, but it took a great amount of effort to keep her work from wearing on her own psyche.Some people took death better than others. She had seen it all… everything from overwhelming sadness to explosive anger. It was one of these latter cases that she recently had to contend with, and it was of what she now thought as she paced the darkened nave somewhat restlessly. The bereaved in question had responded to their kin’s death with an unbridled rage, cursing the Church, cursing her, cursing the gods themselves, and threatening to deal death in kind. With a great amount of tactful diplomacy, patience, and a little bit of luck, however, she managed to get them to calmly leave the temple and return home.Her lone vigil in the silent nave served as her own therapy after such an ordeal.Of a sudden, the doors of the temple opened with a slow, groaning creak, and a gust of wind blew through the nave, extinguishing a few of the candles closest to the entrance. Rhaine turned and peered at the open portal with her brow furrowed, wondering who would be seeking out the temple at this late hour.Nevertheless, she raised a hand in friendly greeting. “I bid you welcome to the house of Kelemvor. How may I be of service?”The stranger did not respond to her at first. They were garbed in a cloak of midnight blue, trimmed in silver, the hood up so that she could not see their face. From what Rhaine could see, they were very slightly built, moving across the marble floor towards her with quick and light steps – almost soundless. Perhaps a young female?At last, when the stranger was about five paces from Rhaine, they pulled back their hood. The Doomguide involuntarily took a step backward in shock. She was greeted by the face of a female drow.Rhaine was about to open her mouth to speak again, her eyes wide, when the drow raised her hands in reassurance, giving her a surprisingly-cordial introduction. “Vendui. Please… I mean you no harm. I am Maydiira Torana, Favored Soul of Eilistraee. And you are Rhaine Alcinea, Favored Soul of Kelemvor.”Her eyebrows rose. Another Favored Soul, and of Eilistraee to boot… the singular good deity of the Dark Seldarine, pantheon of the drow elves. The Doomguide looked the elf up and down as she removed her rain-soaked cloak. She wore a spectacularly skimpy harness of mithral armor, showing off copious amounts of her shimmering blue-black skin and elegant silver tattoos. A magnificent bastard sword – its blade of adamantine and its pommel a moonstone the size of a hen’s egg – was strapped between her shoulders. Waist-length, thick white hair framed a delicate face and accentuated her striking, silver-white eyes.But the most unusual thing about the drow was her wings.She had wings. They were fluffy and white, each feather tipped in grey.Maydiira caught Rhaine’s gaze and smiled, her teeth startlingly white against her skin. “They are a sign of my faith in the Lady of the Dance. You shall get yours in time, I’m sure.”It took a breath or two for the Doomguide to comprehend what the drow was saying. For one, her voice was heavily accented, and every one of her R’s were rolled, though she otherwise spoke perfect Common. For another, it seemed as if Maydiira was suggesting that Rhaine, too, would bear wings in the future… an idea that seemed even more alien than the drow’s current presence in a surface temple.The silver eyes narrowed. “You do not understand? Have your brothers not told you about the favored of the gods and their faith manifested?”Rhaine shook her head as if to clear it and found her voice again. “I… I must admit that I am ignorant on the subject, yes. But it is no matter. You have come here for a reason, favored of Eilistraee? How may the servants of Kelemvor assist you?”Maydiira nodded and sighed, looping her damp blue cloak over one arm. “I have. It is no small thing for one of my kind to risk travel to Waterdeep, considering events of the recent past. The rise of the Valsharess nearly destroyed any progress my people – whom you call ‘good drow’ – made with surface folk. I would not have come, but that I need your help, Barra’ktonos.”Rhaine’s brow furrowed in puzzlement again, and Maydiira smiled once more. “It is what my people call you… ‘Shadow Slayer,’ in the Common tongue. Your deeds have earned you renown even as far as the Dalelands from which I come. It is you whom our high priestess requested I retrieve in order to vanquish an undead evil that threatens our Eilistraeen colony. I would have handled it myself, but she insisted that I find you. She warned that if I did not, I would not survive the ordeal, and the threat would overtake us. And so I obeyed her.”“What exactly is this threat that requires my aid, specifically?” Rhaine asked. She was intrigued as to why she in particular was needed – specifically called for by an Eilistraeen priestess so far away. Surely there were other Doomguides that could handle this problem who were much closer to the Dalelands than Waterdeep? Though the Kelemvorites were a relatively new sect, monasteries were springing up like mushrooms throughout the Realms…“This is no small matter,” Maydiira replied with a shake of her head. “It is not your average skeleton or zombie horde, to be put down by priests of any faith or rank. No, we are dealing with something far greater. Packs of ghouls and ghasts are making the tunnels south of our colony entirely impassable. We are holding our ground with our meager militia, but the problem is worsening over time. Our scouts have begun to see vampires in their midst, and we fear what else might be behind these incessant hordes. Not only are the undead themselves an issue, but the sole viable route we have to escape Lolth’s fanatical handmaidens is to the south. If our enemies north of us ever decided to attack, we would be driven into the midst of the undead. For the safety of the colony, these creatures must be stopped as quickly as possible… and you are the only one we know of who can ensure their defeat.”Then, the drow sighed again and added, “If that is not need enough for your aid, know that the Deepingdale capital of Highmoon is also under threat. Our colony is close to the surface. Should we fall, there will be nothing to stop the advance of the undead into the Dale. The surfacers know not what dangers lurk beneath their feet, nor have we the voice to warn them… for they would as soon kill us as they would the ghasts.”Rhaine listened carefully to the drow’s explanation and her plea, mulling over her words and giving them deep consideration. She could not refuse such a cry for help, and if the situation was as serious as Maydiira implied that it was, there was no time to waste. The journey alone could take more than a month.“Let me go pack my things, and I will be ready,” the Doomguide finally answered resolutely. “We must make haste if we are to reach the Dalelands in time to save your-”She was cut off, though, as Maydiira laughed lightly. “Travel time will not be an issue, elghinn wenress. I have a way we can reach my home this very night.”Rhaine raised her eyebrows but said nothing, turning to depart for her chambers. As she left the nave and navigated the maze-like corridors, her thoughts were awhirl with what had just transpired and what Maydiira had told her. Though the undead were indeed a major concern, that particular part of the conversation was not at the forefront of her mind at the moment… it was still the drow’s wings.Why did she have wings? How did she get them? If they were tied to being a Favored Soul, as she had suggested, then when would Rhaine get hers? Or would she? And would she even want them? Were they an aid, or simply a burden? Neither? It would be rude of her to pry, she knew. Yet, somehow, she was left with the distinct feeling that she had been left out of something – as if she had not been taught vitally important information that was just now being dumped on her shoulders by a complete stranger.It would not be the fault of her church, necessarily. The Doomguide continued to consider it as she packed her bags and donned her armor. No, Favored Souls were a rarity… few and far between. She was certain that this particular temple had not had dealings with them before, at least not since Myrkul’s reign. That High Father Gerard knew anything about them at all was saying something.As Rhaine checked everything a final time, she began to think that perhaps her encounter with Maydiira was more than mere chance. Maybe she was meant to learn from the drow about her own life and destiny.Her questions, however, would have to wait until things were not so urgent. Even then, the drow was under no obligation to answer her. Yet, Maydiira spoke with her as if she were quite familiar with her. Her comment about the Doomguide’s fame was intriguing to say the least, and Rhaine wondered how far her story had actually gone… and how many times it had been twisted to the bard’s fancy.At last, she re-entered the nave. She put on her cloak and nodded to the drow. “I am ready. How are we to depart?”Maydiira grinned, producing an object from one finger that looked like a transparent crystal ring. She pulled on the edges and the ring expanded, larger and larger, until it grew wide enough for them to walk through. The drow then spoke a single word: “Delmah.”The ring instantly manifested a shimmering silver portal within its bounds, the interior of the temple reflected on its rippling surface. The drow gestured to it. “After you.”Rhaine hesitated for a moment, and Maydiira’s smile widened. “It is a… portable portal, if you will,” the drow explained. “It can take me to places I have been before. I once ventured fairly close to Waterdeep, and this portal took me to that area… it is how I arrived here so quickly. It will also take us back to the colony – and when our task is complete, it will bring you back here once more.”The Doomguide’s eyebrows rose high again. It was quite the impressive tool, indeed. Rhaine lifted a hand and touched the silvery surface of the portal, and it rippled slightly before washing over her and pulling her into its depths.------------------------------------------------------“Welcome to Sel Sreen'aur,” Maydiira said at last, gesturing around her. “In your tongue, simply ‘New Safety.’ It is a small village, nothing more. Yet, it is a beacon of hope for goodly drow in this region. We are mostly refugees from broken Houses or runaways from slaving parties. Despite our varied backgrounds, though, we all put our faith in the Lady.”The portal had instantly snapped back into the small crystal ring, which Maydiira returned to one slender finger. She then moved to stand ahead of Rhaine while the Doomguide looked around, taking in her new surroundings.She had never once set foot in the Underdark, and she had not cared to before now. It was true to its name… impossibly dark and eerie. Even with her partial elven vision, Rhaine could not see the ceiling of the cavern in which they had been deposited. The walls ascended into an inky blackness that started only a few feet above their heads. Long, gigantic stalactites pierced through the void-black darkness like clawed fingers. What structures and formations she could see were weakly illuminated by sporadic torches of magical faerie fire. These flames danced with faint silver, purple, and blue hues, giving the nearby constructions an otherworldly glow. Maydiira herself almost vanished in the incredible darkness, only visible by her highly-reflective armor and tattoos.Rhaine shifted uncomfortably, trying to make out the buildings around her. Other drow flitted amongst the shadows like red-eyed wraiths, obviously as wary of her as she was of them. From what she could see, most were garbed in rags or mismatched armors. Many were female, but there was a scattering of males as well.After a moment, Maydiira gently took Rhaine by the arm and began leading her. “This way. We need to speak with Mother Neerthara before we head southwards.”“Who is she, again?” The Doomguide asked, letting herself be guided to a large stone structure on the northern edge of the settlement.“Our high priestess,” Maydiira replied. “Once the Matron Mother of the minor House Mellyl, now a servant of Eilistraee. It was she who brought me into the faith and established this haven for us. It was also she who told us about you.”She pushed open the doors of the building and motioned for Rhaine to enter. Thankfully, the interior was a little brighter than the outside, and the Doomguide’s eyes did not have to strain as much. It was well lit with silvery faerie fire, and Rhaine could see that this building was a temple. An altar stood roughly in the center of the room, crafted from plain granite, as far as she could tell. Atop this altar, a piece of solid obsidian had been carved into Eilistraee’s holy symbol: a naked, dancing drow maiden with her bastard sword in hand, her ankle-length silver hair strategically preserving her modesty.A tall, slender drow woman stood near this altar. She wore a long, flowing white dress, with cutaways to show her jet-black flesh beneath. Her snow-white hair flowed to her knees, pulled back from her face with a simple silver ribbon. Her countenance, like Maydiira’s, bore an ageless beauty, but her eyes were completely hidden by a white blindfold. It did not seem to hinder her vision, though, as she glanced at Rhaine, and a smile tugged at her full, ruby lips.“Vendui, kivvil. Ol zhah bwael nindel dos inbal keffal plez ulu xxizz udossa.”Rhaine’s eyes widened, and she froze. She had no idea what the priestess had said to her, nor how to respond appropriately. Thankfully, though, Maydiira stepped between them and smiled warmly. “Mother Neerthara does not speak Common. I will translate for the both of you. She says, ‘Hello, surfacer. It is good that you have seen fit to help us.’”The Favored Soul then spoke in drowish with the priestess, who simply nodded in understanding. Rhaine could only assume that Maydiira had told her she would act as a translator.The Doomguide took a deep breath and attempted to speak directly to the priestess, so as not to disrespect her. She remembered that Maydiira and the priestess both had greeted her with vendui, and so she decided to do the same.“Vendui, Mother Neerthara. It is not only my pleasure, but my duty to come to your aid. I cannot ignore the plight of those who are plagued by the undead.”Maydiira quickly interpreted this for the priestess, who smiled even more broadly at Rhaine and answered in drowish again. Maydiira’s translation followed: “Then you are a good woman, as my Lady has told me. Is there anything I may do to aid you in this? I know not what you may need.”Immediately, Rhaine knew that her eyesight was her greatest weakness in these lands. Though the drow saw the tunnels of the Underdark perfectly with their natural infrared vision, the Doomguide could barely see anything at all. It was too easy for the denizens of this underworld to sneak up on her… and that would mean her swift death.She sighed, confessing that vulnerability, “My lady, if there is any way that you can help my poor eyesight, I would be grateful. I cannot be of much help to you if Maydiira must lead me by the hand everywhere.”At this, the priestess reached behind her head and untied her white blindfold, removing it and proffering it to the Doomguide. Rhaine had to stifle a gasp. Mother Neerthara’s eyes were gone, seemingly gouged out by a monster’s claws… or a crude tool. The priestess then gestured for Rhaine to take the piece of cloth, Maydiira supplying her answer, “Then take this. With it, you may see the caverns of our home as if by moonlight.”Rhaine stepped closer and carefully took the blindfold from the priestess, hesitating for a moment before tying it around her own head and covering her eyes. It was true. Suddenly, she saw every detail of the temple interior, right down to the grout between the slate tiles of the floor, as if they were illuminated by the light of the full moon. After a few breaths of looking around, she bowed in gratitude. “I thank you, Mother Neerthara. This is of great help, indeed.”Maydiira spoke this to the priestess, who merely nodded and made her own bow in response. Then, the drow Favored Soul moved closer to Rhaine. “Let us go, then. Now that your weakness has been countered, we can take the fight to the enemy.”------------------------------------------------------Hours passed like days, and vice versa. They would travel through the tunnels south of the colony until weariness overtook them. Then, they would make camp and sleep for a while before resuming their journey. Occasionally, they would run into scouts from Sel Sreen'aur, who would confirm with elaborate hand signals that they were heading in the right direction. All the while, Rhaine was expecting to come across one of the fabled denizens of the Underdark: a beholder or an illithid, perhaps… maybe even a hostile drow slaving party, or a caustic, living ooze. When they did not encounter such, however, it made the Doomguide even more concerned. It meant that the undead threat had successfully displaced the native species – which indicated that it was powerful, indeed.Rhaine had no idea how many days they had traveled to the south and west. Time was immeasurable here, much like on the Fugue Plane; one could pass an eternity and never be aware of it. The lack of sunlight, too, was almost maddening, and she began to feel both anxious and claustrophobic.Just as she was wondering how much more they would have to travel, they came across a corpse in one of the tunnels, half hidden behind a stalagmite. Maydiira gestured for her to stay back, and the winged drow carefully bent over the body. She glanced up at Rhaine after a few moments, “Svirfneblin… deep gnome. Looks like ghast work. We’re close.”“Good,” was Rhaine’s only response.But then, suddenly, an overwhelming stench reached the Doomguide’s nostrils, and it wasn’t just that of the decaying corpse. Her bastard sword rang out of its sheath as she warned, “They’re here now! Be ready!”No sooner than Maydiira had drawn her own sword, the undead attacked. Roughly a dozen ghouls, interspersed with three or four ghasts, loped down the tunnel towards them. They were an awful sight… bodies dried and shriveled but jaws hanging open and dripping saliva. Rhaine began reciting her Turning incantation, and just as the carrion-eating undead reached them, her power launched from her outstretched hand in a wave of white-hot light. The holy power slammed into the ghouls and ghasts like a hammer, paralyzing most of them and outright destroying two.Maydiira laughed as she began rending the undead to pieces with her mighty blade, obviously taking a great amount of enjoyment in the fighting. Rhaine joined her, and the two Favored Souls made quick work of the foul creatures with their formidable weapons. Afterwards, when the last undead fell, they stood for a few moments in silence, letting their adrenaline die down a bit. Both of their swords were covered in disgusting decay.Finally, Maydiira spoke again with a grin, “You are good. Now, let’s-”But she was cut off as something crashed into her from behind, hissing and spitting. A female vampire had jumped her, pinning her to the cave floor, and was now swiftly moving to bite Maydiira’s neck as the adamantine bastard sword clattered away from the drow’s hands. Rhaine swiftly and instinctively jerked a vial from her belt and pitched it at the vampire, the fragile glass shattering upon impact with the undead female. The vampire immediately leapt up and howled in pain as the holy water burned like acid through its flesh. As it struggled to regain its focus, then, Rhaine stepped over the drow and removed the vampire’s head in one fluid slash of Touch of Death. The corpse promptly disintegrated into ash, and Rhaine offered her hand to her fellow Favored Soul.“You’re going to have to do better than that,” she joked.Maydiira pulled herself up with a grunt. “You can bet I will.”“Come on, then. We need to find the source of these creatures and strike before they regroup.”As the pair continued on through the tunnels, Rhaine added with a whisper, “I don’t think these undead are native to the Underdark. We may be dealing with trafficking from necromancers. If so, I wouldn’t expect our future encounters to be restricted solely to undead.”After only a few more minutes of travel, they came across the mouth of an enormous cavern. Through the magic of Mother Neerthara’s blindfold, Rhaine could see an elaborate entrance formed into the far wall. The entryway appeared to be made from black granite, massive serpentine carvings gracing the lintel. The two picked their way towards it, stepping over thick moss and softly glowing mushrooms along the way.It was then Maydiira pointed at the dirt on the cavern floor. “Look. The stones and earth have been disturbed by either a large creature or very many humanoids. We should be cautious.”Rhaine nodded her agreement, examining the entrance more closely. She could hear no sounds behind it, but she kept her sword at the ready. With her free hand, she traced a carving on the wall and her brow furrowed. She had seen this symbol before, in her studies. After a few breaths of thinking, she finally whispered grimly, “The Cult of the Dragon.”“What?” Maydiira asked, moving over to see what Rhaine was looking at.“The Cult of the Dragon,” Rhaine repeated. “The madness of Sammaster. They revere undead dragons as gods. We’re not dealing with just necromancers here. We have a dracolich on our hands.”------------------------------------------------------Maydiira cocked her head, puzzled, “So all of these undead… they are…?”“The heralds of a much greater malevolence,” Rhaine supplied. “One that we must stop... or die trying.”She then jerked her head at the entrance. “Who first?”Her ally’s mouth was a thin line. “I’ll go. Watch my back?”Rhaine nodded. As the drow opened the double doors, then, the Doomguide followed close behind. The two crept along, following a narrow corridor made of the same black granite, which was damp with moisture. At the end of this hall was another set of doors, and behind them, they could hear faint voices. Maydiira held up a hand and pressed her pointed ear to one of the mahogany panels. After a few breaths, she whispered, “Drow. Hostile. At least five. They are the ones raising the ghouls. Serving someone else.”Rhaine tightened her grip on Touch of Death. “Likely for the dracolich. Let’s deal with them.”Maydiira kicked open the doors with a bang, surprising the drow in the chamber beyond. Rhaine’s Blade Barrier sprang into existence between them, and Maydiira added her own power by summoning a Dire Wolf. Three against five, they charged into the room. The drow necromancers, all male, were quick to follow with their own decimating spells. The Doomguide only barely dodged a Harm incantation, the scarlet magic blasting a chunk out of the wall where she had been just seconds before. Maydiira’s giant wolf responded by knocking the caster to the ground and swiftly tearing out his throat, and the Eilistraeen herself quickly beheaded another before he could unleash a powerful Weird.Rhaine managed to raise a Nightshield just as another necromancer cast a Missile Storm, the hail of violet magic dissipating as it encountered her shadowy ward… but she failed to see one of the others sending a Bigby’s Grasping Hand straight for her. Unable to stop the rush of magic, she was paralyzed by a giant, transparent fist. The Doomguide was released again momentarily, however, when Maydiira’s bastard sword skewered the necromancer from behind.At that moment, the dire wolf took the full brunt of a Fireball and was reduced to a chunk of smoldering meat and fur. Two against two. Rhaine’s silent Flame Strike then took one of the necromancers completely by surprise, and he yelped as he, too, caught fire. Touch of Death put an end to him at the same time that Maydiira slew the last with her own Destruction spell.Rhaine panted, half smiling at the drow woman. “Not bad.”Maydiira merely inclined her head in thanks before kneeling to investigate their foes. She took the amulet of one and turned it over in her hands, her eyes narrowing, and she murmured, “These males all came from the same house… a relatively small one. I wonder if it was destroyed, and the stragglers made their way here. I can’t imagine any other reason why my kind would join forces with a dracolich.”After a few breaths, they heard noises approaching from a side hall. Readying their weapons, they maneuvered down the corridor and found themselves face-to-face with two more vampires. Rhaine called a Bond of Fatal Touch, the green flames engulfing one in searing power as Maydiira’s Hammer of the Gods dazed the other with golden light. Unlike the vampire monks of Myrkul’s Vault, these undead were not so old or experienced, and both fell quickly to the blades of the holy warriors, disintegrating into ash as the female had before.But then, suddenly, a low rumble shook the building… a rumble that steadily grew into a roar.Maydiira’s silver eyes were wide. “Is that…?”Rhaine nodded grimly. “The dracolich.”They continued to wander for what seemed like hours through the complex, easily dispatching ghouls here and drow there… even a few more vampires. At last, however, they came upon a large, unadorned chamber, seemingly empty. Both Favored Souls kept near the entrance, hesitant to move into the room proper, the door open just enough so that they could see within. Then came another roar, far louder this time, dust raining from the ceiling as a figure moved about in the darkness beyond.Through the magical blindfold, Rhaine could see it… the dracolich itself. It crept forward into the chamber from the opposite side of the room, its skeletal jaw hanging open. Judging from the remnants of flesh that clung to its frame, it had once been an ancient green dragon. Now, however, it had all the strengths of its former existence on top of its new undead power. A formidable foe to say the least…But they could not stop. Not now. They had gone too far to abandon their task here. And as long as the dragon lived, it would seek out new servitors and wreak havoc on the local populace… drow and surfacer alike.Rhaine pressed herself flat to the wall, her voice barely a whisper. “There it is. Undead green dragon. Chlorine gas breath – poison.”Maydiira’s face was grim. “I have no immunity to such, do you?”“My holy amulet,” Rhaine breathed, putting her hand to it and feeling it pulse warmly in response. “As long as I wear it, poison has no effect on me.”The drow’s silver eyes flicked back and forth between the stalking dracolich and the Doomguide. “So what do I do?”Rhaine thought for a few moments, and then replied firmly, “Find the phylactery. I’ll keep the dragon occupied until you get back.”“The what?”“The phylactery,” the Doomguide repeated. “Liches of all kinds house their souls inside of them. As long as the phylactery is intact, the dragon will be able to regenerate time and time again. The only way to permanently destroy it is to smash the phylactery first.”“But, you will be alone,” Maydiira protested, her silver eyes wide in concern.“And so will you,” Rhaine answered tersely. “It is no matter… we do what we must, in the name of our gods and for the sake of our people. Now go! We cannot afford to fail.”Maydiira’s mouth pressed together and she nodded. She then turned and vanished down the corridor as silent as a shadow, her grey-tipped wings the last thing Rhaine saw before darkness swallowed her drow ally whole.------------------------------------------------------Maydiira could only hope that the Barra’ktonos was faring all right. As she weaved her way back through the black labyrinth, she heard distant roars and crashes echoing through the corridors. The drow took this as a good sign… as long as the dracolich was making noise, she could be sure that Rhaine was still harassing it.She had no idea what the phylactery might look like… until now, Maydiira had very little experience with undead creatures, especially the more powerful echelons; she was far more used to battling her own kind – the living ones, at least. After a long while of no success in finding said vessel, she began to fear that it was not here at all. The drow began smashing everything in sheer frustration – pottery, goblets, weapons… anything that she could break – in the vain hope she might actually destroy it by accident.And then, there was a sharp grinding noise as she shattered a carved tablet upon a dais. The wall behind her shifted and retracted into the floor to reveal a small treasure room beyond, full to the brim with the dragon’s hoard. Standing in the middle was an elaborate pillar, atop which rested what was most assuredly the glowing phylactery. Ignoring everything else – gold, jewels, weapons, armor, and priceless scrolls – Maydiira made a mad dash for the pulsing red crystal that housed the dracolich’s soul…------------------------------------------------------Rhaine rolled under the dracolich’s paw, barely escaping its powerful talons. The dragon had breathed chlorine gas twice, the hazy green mist slowly rising to cling to the ceiling of the cavern. Now that it knew its breath weapon had no effect on her, however, it had resorted to more brutal tactics. The Doomguide could not find the time to cast any spells for dodging its snake-swift attacks with teeth and claws. Already its tail had caught her in the abdomen and sent her sprawling into the wall on the other side of the chamber. A bony spike had punctured the leather between two sections of her cuirass, and she was bleeding from a deep wound in her side. She was also fairly certain that a few of her ribs had cracked from the impact.Come on, Maydiira…Still, despite the pain from her injury, she could not afford to stop moving for one second. She rolled again with a grunt as its other paw came down right beside her head, effectively trapping her between its two front legs. Snarling, she called a Bond of Fatal Touch, launching herself sideways and slashing at the nearest wrist joint. The pale green power exploded on impact, the force of her strike effectively severing the dragon’s left paw from the rest of its limb.The dracolich reeled with a screech, and Rhaine used this opportunity to escape the dangerous trap in which she’d found herself. She rolled again, over the severed claws, scrambling to her feet before calling a Flame Strike. The divine fire flooded the chamber with bright gold-orange light and seared the already-wounded dracolich with intense power as a few rotten spines were blasted from its back. Unfortunately, its resulting thrashing ended with its tail slamming into her again, sending her flying once more. She landed with a cry, her wounds most certainly made worse by the hit and the subsequent impact on the cave floor.But then, as the dragon whirled about to face her again, it roared as if in great pain. It reared back on its hind legs, its head lashing violently from side to side, the bones rattling with a sickening noise. Rhaine took the opportunity to cast a Fire Storm, calling a far more massive amount of elemental flame to explode around the dracolich and giving her time to race for the corridor to escape any follow-up wrath. Sprinting through the smoke, she dashed for the hall and slid to the floor, half hiding herself behind the door jamb; there was no way the dragon could follow through the humanoid-sized entrance.Not that it would, however: it seemed her drow ally had at last been successful in destroying the dragon's soul-housing. As most tales in the Church of Kelemvor promised, it was usually easier to destroy the phylactery than the actual lich. With the former gone, the undead itself was deprived of its lifeforce. Not that such a victory didn't come without a price...Rhaine grunted as she felt around her wound. It would take quite a bit of power to heal. She hissed in pain as she called forth her restorative magics, concentrating on mending cracked bones and torn flesh over the dying roars of the dracolich. Just as she finished healing the wound, Maydiira rounded the corner.“It’s done!” the drow panted breathlessly; it looked as though Maydiira’s hands had been burned by the phylactery, and she stopped not far from where Rhaine lay to channel bright healing magic into them.The Doomguide nodded and stood slowly, wincing as her side yet throbbed. Her head ached, but she kept the grip on her blade tight, just in case. The two then reentered the chamber to find the dracolich nothing more than a gigantic pile of smoking cinders and charred bone before them, and the cavern had fallen eerily silent.Maydiira held her hands to her eyes, as if they were hurting. At that, Rhaine gently placed her hand on the dark elf’s shoulder. “Are you all right?”Her fellow Favored Soul nodded and blinked a few times. “I’ll… be fine. The phylactery just blinded me a little when it exploded.” She laughed a little. “Ah well. It was worth it to have that thing finally dead.”The Doomguide grinned. “Well, it is done at last. The colony is safe and the surfacers are none the wiser… to either yours or the dracolich’s presence. We have done a good thing this day.”The drow smiled back at her. “No small thanks to you, Barra’ktonos. Now, let’s get out of here, shall we?”------------------------------------------------------The back of the chamber transitioned into another massive cave, itself opening to the surface world. The two emerged to a brilliantly beautiful Cormyrean sunset, as their travels had taken them all the way under the mountains between Cormyr and the Dalelands. They now stood in the kingdom of the Purple Dragon Knights… rolling hills, grasslands, and tall forests bathed in a violet, pink, and orange glow. Maydiira flinched at the intensity of the sun, but she stoically stood with Rhaine and watched it as it slowly dipped behind the titanic Storm Horns in the west.Rhaine was about to quickly utter her usual evening prayers when she experienced an explosive pain in her back, just behind her shoulder blades. She drew in her breath sharply, and Maydiira stepped closer, her face writ with an expression of concern. “What is it, friend?”“I… my back… agh!”The Doomguide was forced to her knees with the sheer intensity of the pain that burned like fire in her flesh. Her vision swam with red and black, and she was hit with a wave of dizziness. Rhaine gripped the blades of grass in front of her as she fell further to the ground, and she could feel Maydiira fumbling with the straps of her cuirass as that blackness then completely consumed her sight.------------------------------------------------------When she woke again, she found herself back in the temple of Sel Sreen'aur… or at least, that was what she thought, judging from the presence of silver faerie fire juxtaposed to deep shadow; Mother Neerthara’s blindfold was gone from her face. Rhaine shivered as cold air hit her, and she realized she was garbed in just in her breeches and boots. Her torso sported only her undergarments and a soft black cloak. The Doomguide slowly pushed herself up from a small cot, and that cloak fell away……only for her to discover that it wasn’t a cloak at all.It was feathers. Black feathers.She took hold of those feathers and nearly shrieked when she felt the pressure of her own hand distantly connect with them. The pain in her back very suddenly returned as a throbbing ache, the muscles and flesh tender and sore, and her heart pounded in her chest as a wave of comprehension hit her.“Welcome to my world, Barra’ktonos.”Maydiira was perched on a nearby bench, her legs crossed elegantly. She smiled at the Doomguide, her pleased expression mixed with a hint of mischief. “What did I tell you? You’ve got your own, now.”Rhaine scrambled off of the cot, spinning around and around in a circle as she tried to see what she knew was a pair of black wings upon her back. Her black wings. They hung limply from between her shoulders, as the new muscles were not strong enough to support them yet. She gently took hold of one and pulled it around her body so that she could see it better. They were nothing like Zoab’s faded charcoal wings. No, their sleek blackness was as dark and beautiful as a raven’s, shimmering with a slight green iridescence.“Why?” she whispered in awe. “How?”Maydiira laughed lightly. “Every Favored Soul gains wings once their faith reaches a … peak, I suppose you would say. They are a symbol of a Favored Soul’s connection with their god – an exaltation of both that god and his or her servant’s achievements. I cannot believe your church did not tell you about it. ”Rhaine was silent for a second before she replied softly, “I do not think that they knew.”------------------------------------------------------She spent the next two months with the drow of Sel Sreen’aur, during which time Maydiira taught Rhaine how to properly exercise and carry her wings, as well as generally cope with her new pair of limbs. At first, they were an incredible nuisance more than anything else. It took several tendays for Rhaine to mentally locate her new muscles and then physically manipulate them. Many times the Doomguide nearly dissolved into tears out of sheer frustration, cursing herself for ever looking upon Maydiira’s wings with even the slightest bit of envy. Her new friend reassured her that she understood the feeling well, and that it would eventually pass – that Rhaine would soon look at her wings as the beautiful symbol that they were.The Doomguide herself, however, was not so convinced.Maydiira also took the opportunity to teach Rhaine basic drowish, so that she could converse with Mother Neerthara and the other denizens of the colony in simple terms. It was a skill that would also no doubt prove useful in any future encounters with drow that the Doomguide might have. Additionally, in return for her help, the local smith kindly reforged Rhaine’s backplate as a temporary replacement until she could have a proper suit made to accommodate her wings. She would have paid, but the smith insisted it was a favor for a favor. And besides, with the addition of the dracolich’s hoard to the settlement’s coffers, the once-poor colony of drow was already swimming in gold.At last, though, it came time for Rhaine to return to her home. Having sufficiently rested from her ordeal, she could not put off leaving any longer. Maydiira and Mother Neerthara both were reluctant to see her go, but they understood, and they wished her well in her future journeys. With the magic of Maydiira’s crystal ring, Rhaine was teleported back to Waterdeep, where she was received with much excitement. It was an excitement that echoed the awed enthusiasm after her return from Rashemen, and she was not certain that she shared in the joy of her peers. Her fading fame had been reawakened, and she could not go anywhere in the City of Splendors for someone requesting her blessings or bombarding her with questions about her wings. No one could talk to her without staring at them or trying to touch them.Desperate to escape this unsolicited attention, she decided to leave the city again for a while, turning Angel’s head northwards and heading someplace she thought she would never return to again… someplace where the people did not worship appearances or beg for benedictions.The Clanhold of the Ironfist dwarves.------------------------------------------------------Fortunately, the dwarves of the Ironfist Clanhold obligingly forged a new harness of mithral armor for Rhaine in exchange for her old one, as they could easily melt down the adamantine to use for something else. This new armor was designed to be both functional and slightly feminine, in addition to being appropriate for a winged warrior. Its style was like every other engraved dwarven armor, with the exception of the cuirass, which was secured in such a fashion as to leave a gap large enough to allow space for her wings. Unfortunately, it also made her vulnerable where her back was bare and where no jerkin protected her underarms, between the top of the cuirass and the pauldrons. As she was unable to wear standard arming doublets or shirts with the armor, the dwarves also fashioned a halter-necked leather vest to be donned underneath the cuirass. To keep the plates from chafing her arms, they made thick suede sleeves attached to the pauldrons. The rest of the silvery suit was made of standard cuisses, tassets, couters, poleyns, vambraces, gauntlets, greaves, and sabatons. A helm was crafted to go with it – open-faced as she detested visors – with a fanciful black horsehair plume.Finally outfitted properly and ready for battle again, Rhaine eventually returned to Waterdeep and the monotonous routine of temple duties. Having been absent from the city for a fair while, her fame had begun to fade once more, and she resolved to keep a low profile. For several more months, almost a year after she had returned from Rashemen, her efforts to stay unnoticed by the general populace seemed to be paying off, and at last she achieved some measure of peace.But it was not to last.

Rhaine knew that she was dreaming, but it was a dream of the void. Her eyelids were closed and could not be forced open, there was nothing but darkness all around her, and yet she felt as if she should be aware of something… something important. Her pulse quickened in alarm until a familiar presence slipped into her mind, a sense of calm permeating her being.“Be at peace. I wish to speak with you.”She felt her lips turn up slightly at the corners, even immersed in deep sleep as she was. “This is quite a different approach, my lord.”“It is appropriate for what I have planned. I wish to offer you my gratitude… and to bestow a gift upon you.”Her thoughts became a storm of questions. “Whatever for, my lord?”There was a lengthy pause, the quiet darkness swirling around her… deep.“Countless mortals put their faith and trust in the gods, but there are few whom we may trust in return. These few are exalted beyond all others, for they alone embody everything that we value. Throughout your life, you have shown me that you are one of these few, and I have ultimately seen fit to reward you for your dedicated service… the greatest boon that I may give to any mortal. Do not protest with thoughts of unworthiness. It is not something that you may refuse.”Kelemvor paused again.“You are now my Chosen.”Rhaine could not even think of a reply before searing pain struck her right in the heart, spreading like wildfire through her limbs. All her muscles tensed as if she had been electrocuted, lightning tracing every vein in her body. She gasped like a fish, but could not breathe, silent tears trickling from the outer corners of her eyes. Her head swam, red and yellow sparks crisscrossing her vision.But then, that pain stopped as suddenly as it had begun, instantly replaced with soothing warmth, and her limbs relaxed again. That warm serenity continued to grow to an intensity she had never felt before, his presence more clear than ever. And when he finally spoke once more, she shivered in surprise. She could actually feel his words as well as hear them, brushing against her mind, the emotion they carried tangible; he seemed slightly concerned but, at the same time, pleased…“You are now immune to the ravages of time. From this moment forward, your body will no longer age, and you will find you are far more resilient against effects that would be lethal to most others. That is as much as I can protect you from death, however… you may still be slain by weapons or a well-chosen spell.

“You will also discover, among other abilities, that you can see the world much as I. This will take practice to maintain, but with focus, the faith of others will be as plain to you as the clothes they wear. Though you have not the authority to pronounce Judgment on any, you may use this information to your advantage in your future endeavors.“But most importantly, I have entrusted in you the power of True Death. With but a single gesture, you may strip any undead being of all of its protections… magical or otherwise. This will hasten its destruction and the release of its spirit to my realm. But know that the power required to perform such an act is so great that you may only use it once in a day’s cycle. Choose carefully.“The privileges of your rank are many, but I warn you: once a divine spark is ignited, the flame is destined to grow. In time, it will consume you in its fire, and you will no longer be permitted to walk the Prime. Such is the price of true immortality. Though the divine may touch the world of mortals, we may not stay among them for long. Thus, remember well – your ultimate fate will still be departure from this world… by death, or by ascension.

“Now rest, my Chosen… and when you awaken, your life will begin anew.”With that, his presence withdrew, and she was instantly sunk into a deep, dreamless slumber.------------------------------------------------------Rhaine woke well after dawn to the sound of someone desperately hammering away on her door, barely a pause between the knocks. She groggily pushed herself up, finding that she had been lying in the exact same position in which she had initially fallen asleep the night before. Her body had made quite the indention in the mattress.“I’m coming, I’m coming!” she called in a cracking voice as she stood up, wobbling a little with a bit of dizziness. The Doomguide then walked up to the door, opening it slightly to see who it was that was so insistent on speaking with her right now. “Yes?”“Rhaine!”Father Dunstan pushed the door further open and slammed into her, wrapping her up in a positively crushing embrace.“Dunstan, what in the-?” she began, before she recalled her late-night promotion.Oh gods, they know, she thought.“You… you’re…?”“Chosen, yes. His lordship broke the news last night in a rather uncomfortable fashion,” she answered flatly, rubbing her chest with one hand. It still hurt a little. “I’m assuming by your excitement that everyone else knows, too?”He nodded emphatically, a grin plastered to his face. “All of us. I imagine every Kelemvorite in the Realms knows, now. Judging by everyone’s chatter, it was a simultaneous announcement through all of our dreams. It was brief, of course… simply amounting to ‘Rhaine Alcinea is my Chosen.’ Regardless, it was startling to say the least. The newest acolytes are still in a bit of a shock. The whole clergy is gathered in the nave, waiting on you.”So much for laying low.Rhaine shook her head as if to clear it. “What in the Hells are they waiting for? A speech? By the gods…” she trailed, running her hands through her tangled hair and closing her eyes in frustration.He sighed, placing a heavy hand on her shoulder. “What do you expect? You’re the greatest thing that’s happened to this church, and you’ve just become even greater.”Rhaine sucked in a deep breath. “All right. Give me some time to get dressed and I’ll be there in a minute.”Dunstan nodded and ducked out, closing the door behind him. She then quickly garbed herself in her usual robes and ran a comb through her hair before making her way through the corridors and into the nave. Just as he had told her, everyone in the temple was gathered there, chattering away like magpies. Their gossip stopped abruptly as she walked in, though, silence rapidly falling over the crowd. There was a few moments of stillness before everyone, including the High Father, dropped to their knees.“Wait… no… stop!” she cried, throwing out her hands. “Get up! By the gods, get up!”They then jumped to their feet, wary of incurring her wrath. Their faces were writ with expressions of awe and surprise… even fear. She looked out over them all, shaking her head slowly. The silence that followed was almost deafening.“I know,” she began, her voice shaking a little, “that this is all a shock to you. It’s not much better for me, believe me. I had no idea that this was coming, and quite frankly, I’m not certain that the best prophet in Faerûn could have predicted it. Or, perhaps they could have… perhaps others see something in me that I do not see in myself. Either way, what is done is done.“That being said, nothing about our relationship has changed. I am not a saint. I am not an authority figure over the rest of you. I’m just another servant of the Lord of the Dead, just like all of you. Yes, I’ve been lucky. Yes, I’ve been blessed. But this could just as easily have happened to any of you.”She paused a moment, and then continued, “Take it as a sign that Kelemvor is watching you. All of you. Serve him faithfully, and he will reward you. Now please, return to your duties and leave me in peace.”An overwhelming sound of shuffling feet filled the nave as everyone there quickly dispersed, scrambling to obey her command as if they had not heard a single word that she had just said to them. Rhaine waited until they all left her alone in the nave before looking up at the statue behind the altar and sighing heavily.My lord, what have you done to me?------------------------------------------------------She picked up her old journal. Father Dunstan had given it to her before she left on Gerard’s orders, what seemed like ages ago. It chronicled her adventures in Neverwinter and Rashemen… along with her recent forays into the Dalelands and Cormyr. Leather-bound and stamped with Kelemvor’s symbol in gold, the book bore signs of much punishment – it was water stained and slightly burned in places where stray magic and rain both had penetrated her backpack.As she flipped through the pages, she realized that the dates of her entries had become farther and farther apart as time progressed. Still, the journal was almost full, now; there were only a few blank pages remaining. Sighing heavily again, she sat at her desk and held the book open with one hand, dipping her quill into her inkwell with the other. After a few moments of silence, she began to write, the tip of her pen scratching rhythmically as she put her thoughts to paper.Death is a natural part of life. So I have been taught since my youth. Never before, though, have I realized that we mortals may die more than once. Death is more than just the termination of the physical body. It is a partial end to what was, and the refinement of what remains.

Thus, parts of me have died… and I have become the stronger for it.

First was the death of my innocence. The Passing of Father Gerard, the brutal loss of my childhood friend, Amie Fern, and the demises of so many others with whom I had lived, shook me from my idealistic mindset and thrust me into the coldness of reality. Yet, I grew to be a better woman because of the experience… my eyes were no longer colored with the rosy tint of eternal optimism.

Second was the death of my doubt. My journeys to Neverwinter and beyond tested my faith further than most souls could ever withstand. But through the fire of pain and suffering I found new hope, and at last the words of my beloved god shattered all uncertainty. In the very realm of death itself I found life again. My faith and my spirit both were reborn.Now, the touch of my god has brought death again. This time, it is an identity that has Passed… I am no longer a mere priestess, serving in his temples until age severs my ability to function. Though I mourn for such simplicity, it is forever lost to me. Yet, I have at once been fortified and reshaped by that same immortal hand. Indeed, I am his hand upon the Prime, now.The scratching paused as she looked up, absentmindedly playing with the feather of her quill. There was only a small bit of blank parchment left, now. She had to be economical with her words.After a few minutes, she smiled to herself and began to write again.I have been born again for the highest purpose. For is there any higher honor than serving as the right hand of one’s god?

What better place, then, to end the Tale of my mortal days?

But as with death, the end is never truly the end, but the beginning of something new.Satisfied, she set down her quill and blew softly onto the parchment to dry the ink. Then, taking a leather strap from her bag, she bound the tome closed. Finally, she produced a scroll from that same bag – one of a handful that Safiya had given her during her stay in Rashemen. Unrolling the magical manuscript, she set one hand upon the journal and whispered the words writ upon the page.At once, the journal glowed with a violet light and became hard as stone. Now, it was entirely unreadable to anyone, including herself. The charm would only fail if she purposefully dispelled it, perished, or ascended. Such was the strength of the Red Wizard’s enchantments.Smiling again, she took the journal and set it upon the small shelf above her desk. There it would remain, untouched, for a great many years.

“There’s a million reasons lives get shaken-”

Voices clashed together, bodies tightly packed in the tight space.

“Each one hurts the same-”

The repetitive sound of a hundred feet stomping the floorboards echoed the rhythm of the music. 

“It’s getting hard to tell what’s breaking-”

Sweat dripped down faces, hands raised in the air. The lyrics were spoken by each body in the room.

“The picture or the frame.”

           The last song just started, but it was the crowd’s favorite. Fingers clenched the mic stand as Kiran’s eyes moved over the silhouettes watching her. She picked up the whole stand and took it with her as she moved and sang across the stage, to Saturn on bass, to Elias on guitar, and making her way back to Dorian on the drums, turning her back to the audience as she built up to the chorus. When it hit, she jumped back around, and the whole crowd jumped too.

“ I am the strange, the disarranged-

I am possessed, the second guessed-

I’m indecent, I am treatment-

The secrets have spoken-”

She held her breath as she let the crowd sing the last line; “We are the broken!”

           When the gig came to a close, the band found themselves packing up in the back. Dorian packing up his gear, Saturn holding a cymbal with a sly grin on her face, Elias already popping a top off a beer, and Kiran lighting a cigarette.

           Kiran was flustered. The band was popular, everyone knew it. They were always sold out at gigs, the places were always packed, but yet, they couldn’t get  more. She wanted a bigger audience, a bigger stage, and bigger pay. They deserved bigger. 

           “Hey,” the bassist stepped over to where Kiran sat on the steps. She ran her fingers through her hair, catching the loose strands that came out of her braid.

           “I know what you’re thinking, it’s cool. One day, yeah?” Saturn said, resting her elbow on Kiran’s shoulder. “One day. You saw how many people showed! I think it will be for real this time. Just gotta have faith.”

           Kiran huffed, “Yeah, sure, whatever,” she said, flicking the ash from her cigarette. “I have faith. In us. Not in management or better gigs,” she finished bitterly. “But,” she stood and stepped up to the back door. “I guess like you said. One day.” 

           Saturn smacked the singer’s ass playfully, giving her an encouraging whistle before moving back over to where  her  drummer was.

           Kiran moved behind the curtains, searching for their manager. A hand reached from behind and grabbed her arm, and she whipped around, almost giving Elias a cigarette to the face.

           “Dude, you have to stop,” She hissed, yanking her arm away before spinning around and continuing on her search.

           Elias smirked and took a swig of his beer, one hand returning to his pocket as he followed along.

            “Hey!” A voice called out, coming from the tech across the way. Suri walked towards them, holding a couple water bottles. She held them out to both Kiran and Elias, but upon seeing the beer in his hand, handed them both to Kiran. “You guys were amazing, as always,” She said with a smile. “Also, you have guests,” and cracked the curtain open to show the long line of people waiting to see the crew after the show.

           Kiran groaned.

           “I don’t want to,” She grumbled, and Elias gave her shoulder a reassuring rub. “But I guess I  did  allow Travlok to do this,” she finished, glancing over at the manager giving her a mischievous grin. “Maybe more will come from this.”

           “Always more, always more, more, more,” Elias mocked her, downing a couple more gulps. “Why are you never content? You’re the hardest woman to satisfy.”

           “Woah,” Saturn chimed in, stepping up behind the three. “Keep it in your pants,” she said, glancing between Elias and Kiran. 

           “Trust me, nothing is coming out of his pants,” Kiran rolled her eyes. She pushed past them and went around the back of the stage towards their…  guests.  

           Look at all the people wanting to see you!

           Kiran’s sister's voice chimed in Kiran’s ears, and she narrowed her eyes. “Go away, I told you not to bother me at work,” she growled.

           It’s like you don’t care about me anymore.

           “It’s like you can’t move on.”

           Kiran peered through the curtains, the line continuing to grow. She let out a heavy sigh and waited for the others to join her before going out to the “meet and greet” people.----------------------------------------------------------------------

           After everything was said and done, Saturn followed behind Dorian out the back doors. 

           “Everything packed?” She asked.

           “Yeah,” Dorian replied.

           “Dinner?” She asked, looking up at the drummer with a grin.

           Dorian looked down at her. “Yeah,” he said, wrapping his arm around her shoulders. “Dinner. What kind?” He said, clicking the car key to unlock. He opened the door for Saturn, who slid in quickly and shut it, pausing to look and see if anyone was going to come through the backstage door before getting into the driver’s side of the car.

           “I was thinking Chinese food,” Dorian said once the car was started.

           “Oooookay!” Saturn chimed out, stretching her arms over her head for a big stretch.

           The car started, and the two headed out of the complex towards their destination. 

           "How did we do?” Dorian asked suddenly as he stopped at a light.

           “I think we were awesome,” Saturn replied, resting her elbow on the passenger side door.

           "You always think we are awesome, but how did we really do?” 

           Saturn rolled her eyes. “Don’t ask me if you don’t like my answer, I  said  we were  awesome .” She huffed.

           Dorian glanced over to the bassist. She still had on those stage horns she wore. She started wearing those two years ago, and it really caught the attention of a lot of fans. Perhaps, he thought, that the way they dressed brought a lot of people in. Dorian didn’t know a lot about fashion, but it seemed to make an impact on their fans. Most of the girls that showed up to their shows either looked like Kiran or Saturn, it was sort of amusing. 

           “You’re quite the devil, you know,” Dorian said with a smirk.

           “Yeah… I know.” Saturn replied with a smug look on her face.-----------------------------------------------------------

           Kiran stepped down the back steps to the venue, lighting her third cigarette of the night. She stopped at the end, taking in a big breath and exhaling deeply. 

           “Are you nervous or something?” Elias said, shutting the back door. 

           “No.” Kiran replied curtly.

           It didn’t take long for what Kiran had been waiting for to appear. A slick black Camaro pulled around the corner and stopped in front of where Kiran and Elias were standing. The window rolled down, showing a dark haired guy inside.

           “C’mon babe,” He called out, gesturing to her like a pet. 

           “I’m not your babe,” Kiran replied, not moving a muscle. She breathed in again and exhaled deeply, letting the cloud of smoke drift off with the breeze.

           The guy dropped his hand, looking flustered. “I said let’s go.”

           Kiran dropped her cigarette and put it out with her foot before moving forward. She was stopped when Elias grabbed her arm. 

           “What are you doing?” He asked, grabbing Kiran's arm. 

           “Getting a ride,” Kiran responded quietly. “He offered earlier.”

           “Nope, I don’t think so,” Elias replied, pulling Kiran back.

           “Don’t think you can tell me what to do,” Kiran growled, yanking her arm away. 

           The driver side door opened, and the guy stepped out. He ran his fingers through his black hair as he walked over to Kiran, stopping right in front of her. “Is there a problem?” He said, looking her up and down. 

           “No, no problem,” Kiran said, following his gaze with her own. “Quit looking at me like that, Morion,” She said.

           The guy frowned. He looked at Kiran, and she froze instantly. “You don’t want to be admired?” He said, and Kiran relaxed again.

           “She doesn’t need you to take her home, I’m going to. Sorry you drove all this way,” Elias said, stepping up beside Kiran. 

           “Kiran you’re gonna let this guy decide what you’re gonna do?” Morian said, stepping right up until he was just inches away from her. “C’mon, baby,” he cooed, taking his finger and wrapping a long strand of her hair behind her ear. “Let’s go.”

           She was the hair wrapped around his finger. He always drew her in. Her eyes had closed, feeling his fingertips guide along her ear, his thumb down her cheek. “Elias, it’s alright,” she said, fluttering her eyes open and looking at him. She gave him a pleading look, a look Elias knew well. The look that said, “don’t forget to rescue me”, and he would. 

           He always did.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

           “You dropped your noodle,” Saturn giggled, spinning her lo mein around and forking it into her mouth. “This is the third time you have dropped your noodle. Something is wrong with you.”

           “It’s the fork,” Dorian said, holding it in front of his face and twisting it around in his hand. “It’s off or something, you see this dent?” He held the fork out to Saturn, who just gave him an “uh-huh” in response.

           They had decided to do dinner and a movie, with a bit of practice afterwards.  Rocky Horror Picture Show  was the film they chose, and they were watching it on the small TV in Dorian’s apartment, surrounded by many chinese food boxes. It was almost time for it to end, even though Saturn didn’t want it to. She enjoyed the movie almost as much as she enjoyed spending her time with her drummer boy.

           They knew each other for a long time. In fact, the whole band did. But with Dorian, it went way back. They had been friends longer than Saturn could probably ever remember. Back to before elementary school. They hadn’t always been this close, though. Acquaintances, friends, maybe. But now they were  inseparable. Once Dorian started coming around to watch her back, her whole life took a turn around. And a big one too.

           Dorian twirled the noodles around the fork, glancing at Saturn every now and then. He would give a half smile, and she would smile back. Sitting like this with her was nice, though it would bring up some old memories he would try to forget. The last time they were having a chinese food craze was the night he brought her home from a party-gone-bad. She had been drunk, and high, snorting coke half the night, doing shots, taking pills, whatever they were doing, she had been doing. She was always crazy like that, doing whatever she wanted, when she wanted, and she had a blast doing it too. It hurt him to see her like that. Slowly, though. Slowly, he had her coming down from that need for the everlasting high. He never wanted to see her half dead in the tub again. 

           Once again, his noodle fell off of his fork.

           “Dude! Get a different fork,” Saturn cried out, bursting into a fit of laughter. 

           Dorian chuckled too, just because her laugh was so contagious. “Okay, I’m done,” he said, and put the fork down all together. “I’ll be back,” he said, getting up and heading into the kitchen. 

           He went for a fork, taking the dented one and tossing it into the sink. As he reached for the drawer, something caught his eye. He looked over, seeing Saturn’s purse on the counter. The moonlight had come through the curtains just right, lighting up just enough of her bag to reveal a balled up plastic bag that was hastily shoved in there. He glanced into the room where Saturn was, and seeing that she wasn’t paying attention, leaned over and pulled the bag from her purse. A wave of anger and disappointment flashed across his face when he realized it was her favorite drug. 

           Cocaine.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

           “Why, why,” Elias said to himself, hitting the steering wheel. He glanced at the clock. It was three in the morning. He hadn’t slept at all, his mind going through all the things Kiran was doing. Why did she always go back to that prick? He destroyed her, every time. But here he was, coming to save her. He hated it, but he would  always  come to her rescue. He had been sitting across the street for a half hour, waiting. He would always have to come after midnight, and the later the better. She would never tell him when to come, but he always knew. He’d done it so much. 

           He glanced up, seeing the back door open. Kiran walked across the yard and to the car and paused before opening it. Elias turned to face forward, and only then did Kiran open the door. 

           Kiran inhaled, but before she could even get a word out Elias said, “I won’t.” 

           She was going to tell him not to look at her. And he knew exactly why. He clenched the steering wheel, wondering how badly he had beaten her tonight. Her face? Most likely. The way she had walked said maybe a rib? Her leg? He thought it over, his knuckles turning white.

           Kiran reached for a cigarette, her hands trembling. 

           “Don’t smoke,” Elias said, focusing his gaze forward. He put the car into drive and headed out, deciding to take the long way home. “I know you’ve been doing a bunch of shit, don’t make it worse with that cigarette.”

           Kiran growled and let the box drop back into her bag. She held onto her bag tightly, and even out of the corner of his eye he could see how badly she was shaking.

           “You’re okay,” Elias said quietly, slowly reaching one arm over and resting his hand on top of hers. “I’ll always be here for you.”

           It took half the drive, but Kiran finally started crying. “Pull over,” she said after she let out most of her tears, and Elias did as he was told, pulling over and into a grassy area. When the car stopped, Kiran got out and took her cigarettes with her, slamming the door shut.

           Elias sat there and waited, looking over Kiran’s body as she stepped into the headlights. She looked like she had been in a fight, which he was sure Morion looked worse. She wasn’t going to take a hit without giving one back. Maybe if he wasn’t doing so many drugs, he wouldn’t be so aggressive. Probably that testosterone he likes to shoot in his ass. 

           Beyond the hits, though, he admired Kiran. She sat on the hood of his car and smoked, and he didn’t mind anymore. Her silhouette there was perfect. Maybe one day he would tell her how he felt about her. 

           Maybe today would be that day.

           He waited a while, giving her time to relax and calm down. He looked at the clock. It was a little past four in the morning. He was certain she had smoked her whole pack. He pushed the door open and shut it softly, stepping over to where she was now standing in front of the car and looking out into the open field in front of them. He let out a deep breath and came up behind her, wrapping his arms around her waist and pulling her close.

           She didn’t protest, but let her body fall against his, which was a huge surprise to Elias.

           “I know you aren’t okay, but you will be,” Elias said softly, hugging Kiran gently. He stepped around and stopped in front of her, getting to see the hits, her swollen eye, the dried blood, the runny mascara down her face. He used his thumbs and lightly rubbed them across her cheeks to wipe them clean. 

           “Why don’t I ever listen,” She whispered, her bottom lip trembling.

           “Because you don’t like to be told what to do,” Elias whispered back, pulling her close to him and letting her rest her head on his chest. “You need to let him go, and,” he paused a moment, the words getting caught in his throat, “let me take care of you. I want to.”

           Kiran lifted her head and looked at him, “You already take care of me, stupid,” She said, and raised on her toes to bring her lips to his. 

           She kissed him so deeply that it caught him off guard. Her arms wrapped tight around him and she pressed her body against his.

           He loved it, but he had to pull away. “I don’t want to be your rebound, Kiran,” He said, taking a step back. He relaxed his arms, but kept his hands on her. “I don’t want to be used like this.”

           “I’m not using you,” Kiran snapped, looking towards the car. 

           “Then tell me you won’t go back to him.”

           Elias waited through the silence. It was long enough that when she said, “I won’t,” he knew it wasn’t true. 

           “I don’t want to go home, Elias. I want to feel loved. Can you do that for me?” Kiran said, running her hands up under his shirt. 

           He knew she was on something and he didn’t want to take advantage of her, but he wanted to do anything she asked.

           “Kiran, you aren’t okay right now, I don’t want to-”

           “Elias,” Kiran said again, stepping closer and gripping onto his shirt. “Please. I’m begging you, please make me feel like a goddamn queen,” she spoke strongly, and he could hear the trembling even in her voice. 

           He looked down into her eyes, and without another word, picked her up and laid her against the hood of his car with his lips against hers.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

           “I thought you were trying to quit,” Dorian said sternly, standing in the doorway to the living room. “I thought you said you’d tell me when you got urges.”

           Saturn froze up, anger bubbling in her veins. “Did you go through my bag?” She said, looking up at Dorian with narrowed eyes.

           “I didn’t have to! It was right there on top. Freshly used, I’m guessing,” Dorian snapped, walking up and tossing his fork on the table. “I can’t believe you.”

           Saturn’s face grew hot and she pushed herself up off of the couch. “You…” She tried to find words to say, but was flustered. “Maybe if you had been there for me when I needed you, this wouldn’t have happened in the first place!” she blurted out, grabbing what was left of her food and storming into the kitchen.

           Those words stung Dorian. “I  was there for you,” he replied. “Or do you not remember those times I saved your life multiple times. The nights I stayed up all night with you to keep you from overdosing. Always picking you up from your parties, emergency room visits, counseling visits. When I was by your side through your withdrawals. Or does none of that mean anything to you?” Dorian said, closing the to-go box on his food. “I care about you, but I can’t fucking help you if you don’t do something to help yourself.”

           Saturn tossed her dishes in the sink. “I don’t need help, Dorian.” She was pissed, snatching her purse off the counter. “I’m getting the fuck out of here.” 

           She headed towards the door, but Dorian had jumped off the couch and ran to get in front of it. 

           “No you aren’t,” Dorian said, reaching into the still open bag and snatching the cocaine out of it. “You aren’t leaving, because when you do, you’re going to do a bunch of stupid shit to try and get over it. I  know you.’

           Saturn curled her hands into fists and hit Dorian on his chest. “Move out of the fucking way, dude! You have my shit now let me go,” She said, trying, and failing, to move Dorian’s body out of the way. He didn’t budge. 

           “Nope, you’re going to turn around and go to bed. I’m not fighting you. And now I don’t trust you.”

           Tears started to well in Saturn’s eyes. “Why are you doing this,” She said, letting her arms drop. “Why can’t you just let me go?”

           Dorian wrapped his arms around Saturn and pulled her close. “Because I don’t want to see you dying in the tub again. It’s been to many times. I don’t trust you, but I still care about you. So do both of us a favor and leave your bag here. Turn around and go lay down. It's too late.”

           Saturn let her body relax in his arms before he let go, and she stood up straight. She was still angry, but he was the only one taking care of her. She had the urge, bad. She wanted that high. But she would give into his wishes this time, even if she knew she would do it again once she was out of sight. She tossed her bag on the floor and turned around, going to the bedroom just as he asked. She stripped down, shoes and socks off, pants off, shirt off, bra off, leaving her in nothing but her underwear. She glanced over her shoulder and looked at Dorian.

           There were two ways Saturn solved her problems. Drugs, and sex. She always looked for an escape. If Dorian wouldn’t give her one, maybe he’d give her the other.

           She went over to the bed and got in under the covers, pouting to Dorian. “Are you coming to bed too?” She called to him, gesturing for him to join her.

           “I’m not,” Dorian called, taking her cocaine and going into the kitchen with it. 

           “H-hey, what are you doing?” Saturn said in a panicked voice. She quickly got out of bed and made her way to the kitchen just in time to see Dorian tying up the trash. 

           “No more,” Dorian said, tightening the ties into a knot. “Say goodbye. And put a shirt on. I’m not going to sleep with you if it’s an escape. If you decide you  actually  want to sleep with me because you want to, then  maybe.  

           Saturn clenched her hands into a fist, digging her nails into her palms. “Do you have any idea how much that cost?!” She spat.

           “I’m sure I could think of something but I’m not going to because it doesn’t matter anymore. So, go to the bedroom, put a shirt on, and go to bed.” He headed towards the door.

           He knew Saturn would try to go through the trash. They had a dumpster at the complex, but it wasn’t enough to keep Saturn away, so he had his own trash can he would use to take the garbage down. This one was special, because he drilled a hole in it and had a special lock he would put on it. “You’re not getting this anymore,” he said, tossing the lock up and down in his hand.

           Saturn spun around and angrily went into the bedroom, slamming the door shut.

           She didn’t need it anyway. She was fine, she told herself. She could do it all on her own without Dorian’s help. She grabbed one of his shirts from the closet and jumped into bed, throwing the covers over herself  and staring out the window. 

           She was stronger than he thought, and she would show him just how powerful she really was.

           Travlok woke up that morning with a headache. Naturally, he had drank too much last night. It was common, though. He just took some Advil and moved on with his day. Eggs and sausage always started his morning, sometimes a waffle. Today though, he spiced it up; he made hash browns too. He glanced at his calendar in the kitchen. A day from now was a gig he fought hard for his band to get; The Colosseum. They weren’t the opening band, but third isn’t too bad at that place.           When he’d asked the members, surprisingly no one had been there before. Out of all the venues in the area, he had to think this one was the biggest. So, as a surprise, he didn’t tell them anything about the place. He knew Kiran would love it, since she’s always complaining about the venues being too small. He knew she wanted more for them, and this time, she was going to get it.           Their social media was psyched. “The Black Feather, playing at The Colosseum?! Wow!” everyone said, and when he’d made an event page, he was utterly shocked to see how many people were ‘attending’. He knew the group was talented, but none of them expected to be this popular. Maybe 30 people a gig. There were going to be at least 100 that knew about them. Who knew how many people were going to listen to them that were already there.           First thing Travlok did after breakfast was ring Kiran’s phone. It rang, and rang again, and again. He glanced at the clock- 11 a.m. She should be awake. Finally the phone clicked, and a male voice answered.           “Hey, she’s asleep,” Elias’ voice said on the other line. “She didn’t have a good night last night.”           Travlok raised an eyebrow. “Oooookay, well I need everyone at The Garage at…” he paused and looked at the clock again. He was going to say an hour, but if he knew Kiran, she’d need more time than that. “...1:30. Be there or be out of the band,” Travlok ended, same as always. He hung up, rubbing the back of his head as he still thought of why Elias answered Kiran’s phone. Odd.           He didn’t bother trying to reach out to the others, he knew Elias would handle it. Instead, he poured himself the last of the coffee in the pot and called Suri.           “Boss,” She picked up the phone on the second ring. “What’s up?”           “1:30, The Garage,” He said, slurping from his mug.           “I spoke with Joseph from The Colosseum about the lighting for the performance, I’m a little nervous about not doing a trial run with the band,” Suri said, though her voice didn’t waver a bit.           “Dip at 4 and head that way, see if they will let you run the lights then,” Travlok replied, swirling the coffee with a spoon.           There was a mew from under the table, and Travlok glanced down at the slate gray cat winding around his legs.           “Ah, Anvil, nice to see you,” he said with a chuckle, leaning down and stroking the cat’s head. “I suppose you want some of this,” he said as he put the plate with the leftover crumbs on the floor.           “Tell Anvil I say hi,” Suri said through the phone.           “I will,” Travlok said. He paused. “He said hi.”           “You didn’t even say it, I would have heard the response,” Suri muttered. “I’ll be there at 1:30. See you,” she said, and the call ended.           Travlok rose from his seat, took the now completely clean plate to the sink, and went to his basement to get a work-out before heading to see his ‘kids’.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------           Elias set the phone down on the floorboard and rested an arm behind his head. He didn’t get much sleep, but it didn’t matter to him. He had Kiran laying on his bare chest in the back of his ‘69 Mustang, naked. He ran his fingers through her messy hair. She seemed so... vulnerable. She never came off this way, ever. She always had to be strong and fierce. He liked seeing her this way. He wished he didn’t have to see her this way under these circumstances. Most of the night she had nightmares.           His fingers traced around the marks and bruises forming on her face. She looked much worse than last night, about a little more than he expected. Half of her face was swollen up. She needed ice on it and some ibuprofen, or something. He wasn’t a doctor, but he did his best. His fingers ran down her arms, touching the scratches, the bruises, the needle marks. He rested his hand on top of hers and gave it a gentle squeeze.           She stirred a little, letting out a small groan. He could tell she was waking up because she started to tremble again.           “Hey, it’s okay,” Elias said softly, running his hand through her hair again. “It’s me, I’m here.”           Kiran opened her eyes. She saw the back of the driver’s side seat in front of her, and felt her head rise and fall with Elias’ breathing. She was shaking, but she couldn’t help it. As she woke, the pain came rushing in once again. She went to get up,but Elias held her down.           “Don’t,” he said, grabbing the phone and looking at the time. “Just rest a little longer. We don’t have to be at practice until 1:30.”           Kiran blinked, glancing out the window as she saw figures walking and pressing on the glass, looking at her, trying to talk to her. One of them was her sister, shooing the others away from the car. No matter how hard she tried to get them to go away, they were always there. The spirits, ghosts, hallucinations, whatever they were.             “I need to get up,” She said, pushing herself up and groaning in pain.           “Don’t,” Elias said again, holding her. “You’re okay.”           “I’m crushing you. I need a shirt. I need to get dressed”           “Really?” Elias said, his heart squeezing in his chest. He knew it would just be a rebellious act.           “Elias I’m naked, and people are watching me,” Kiran said, feeling around on the floor for her underwear.            Elias was silent for a few moments. “Did I do it?” He asked.           “Do what?” Kiran said, pulling her shirt on and tossing her bra into the front seat.           “Did I make you feel like you were loved?” He asked again, looking at her.           Kiran was silent. She looked out the window where Kiara was leaning against the car, almost like a guard. “Yes, you did.”           “It wasn’t fake, you know,” Elias said, reaching out and touching Kiran’s shoulder. “It was very real.”           Kiran managed a half smile. “I’m sure. But it shouldn’t be. You know how I am. I’ll just hurt you. So get over me.” She crawled to the front of the car and grabbed her pants, fighting through the pain and the awkward angles as she pulled them on.          “What if I can’t?” Elias said, feeling around on the floor to find his clothes without taking his eyes off of Kiran. “You don’t have to be this way, you know. Just let go and accept that someone cares.”           “I can’t. It’s just how I am.”           Elias fell silent.            “Don’t make one night mean forever, Elias. That’s how you’ll always get hurt,” Kiran continued, “I always did. I was an idiot.”           Elias pulled his shirt on as Kiran got out of the car. “You don’t have to be this way, Krian,” he said again, watching as she dug around in her bag.           She went around to the back and hit the trunk with her fist twice, the emergency signal. Elias moved up into the driver’s seat, where he also left his pants, and pulled the trunk release.           Kiran opened the back, pulling a shirt off of a carton of cigarettes and grabbed two packs, tossing one into her bag and patting the other against her palm. When Elias came out of the car, he really saw the damage Morion had done the night before.           “I can still perform,” Kiran read his mind, putting a cigarette between her lips. She dug around her bag again.           “I don’t know,” Elias replied, reaching in his back pocket and pulling out a lighter. He reached forward and lit Kiran’s cancer stick for her.           “Hey… You still have that?” Kiran asked, genuinely surprised. “It’s been years since I gave that to you. When what that? Freshman year?”           Elias gave her a half smile. “Maybe so. Yeah, it’s always in my pocket for when you need it.”           Kiran met his eyes. Maybe she was an idiot, after all.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------           When Saturn woke up that morning, she found herself in an empty room. She figured at some point in the night Dorian would have come to bed, but I guess not. She slid out of bed, her head throbbing. When she looked at her hands, they were trembling. Shit, she thought, looking through the doorway. She heard the sound of the TV and the clash and clangs of Dorian’s video game.           “Wow, slacker,” She said, but then the aroma of bacon smacked her in the face. “Okay… Half slacker.”           She made her way to the hallway, looking left into the living room where the knuckle head was sitting on the couch. She leaned against the wall, watching him for a moment before turning right into the kitchen and getting herself a glass of water. She looked at the breakfast still cooking, then at the kitchen clock. Really? Ten? Saturn thought to herself, rolling her eyes. She had hoped it was later than that. She had prayed last night to sleep in late. I guess there are no God or Gods after all.           “Hey,” Dorian called from behind her, making her jump and causing her heart to fly out her chest.           “Don’t-” she spun around, “-scare me like that, asshole,” she said, looking down at her, well, Dorian’s shirt, and at the nice new mark where she had spilled half her water on herself. “Thank you for this, really,” she said, narrowing her eyes.           “I just wanted to apologize,” Dorian said, ignoring the fact that he had caused her to spill water on herself.           “For what?” Saturn said flatly.           “For always treating you like a child.”           She rolled her eyes and huffed, though she knew she needed to be treated like that. For too long, she had acted like a child. She still does. And he takes on the parental role.           “Yeah, whatever,” she spat as she brushed past him. Her tone was harsh, maybe even hurtful. But the expression on her face held sadness.           “I know you like bacon,” Dorian changed the subject instantly. “I made it extra crispy.”           She tried to still be tough, but she couldn’t help but smile. “Really?” She called in an annoyed tone, sipping what was left of her water. She took her seat on the couch, noticing how clean the living room was now.           “Yep, and eggs, and a pancake,” Dorian called again, the sound of sizzling coming from the kitchen as he flipped the bacon over.           “I don’t really like pancakes,” Saturn said, continuing her facade.           “I know, that’s why I said ‘pancake’,” Dorian said, looking over his shoulder with a smug expression on his face at Saturn, who in return had a surprised expression on hers.           “You did not,” Saturn pouted. She really, actually liked pancakes a lot.           “I did only make one pancake, but naturally it’s yours. You can’t play me, Saturn.”           Saturn huffed and sat back on the couch, setting her water down and crossing her arms.           “There’s also coffee,” Dorian called again, “if you’d like something to warm you up since, you know, you spilled water on yourself.”           “You asshole!” Saturn shouted, pushing herself up off the couch and storming back to his bedroom and slamming the door shut. When the door closed, she had to let out her laughter. Quietly, so Dorian wouldn’t hear. She went to his closet, tossed the wet one on the floor and picked out a new one.           “Breakfast complete,” Dorian called, knocking on the door twice. “Unless you’d rather stay in there-”           Saturn opened the door almost instantly. “I’m ready for the pancake.”

           Through the food and the games, they had returned to their normal selves. Saturn wasn’t angry anymore, though in the back of her mind she still wished she had that eight-ball. She tried to push the thought out of her mind, but it was something that seemed to always stay. After an hour had passed, her phone buzzed on the coffee table.           “1:30,” Saturn said, looking at Dorian. I need to go back to my place and get new clothes.”           “You mean, you weren’t going to show up in my shirt and no pants?” Dorian said, raising his eyebrows.           “You know, I thought about it, but then I decided that I didn’t want Travlok judging me today,” She said, a finger resting on her chin. “So maybe I’ll get clothes instead.”           “Okay, let me put the dishes up and we can head on over there. Remember I have your bass in my trailer.”           “Right,” Saturn said, breaking off the last bite of bacon and crunching it. “Mmm.”           Dorian grabbed all the dishes and headed into the kitchen, setting them into the sink. Saturn could hear the sound of running water as he rinsed them off, then the “clink” as he set them in the dishwasher. After a few minutes, they were ready to go.           Dorian hooked up the trailer to his truck and started the car while Saturn finished gathering her things. She checked herself in the mirror, rubbing the leftover eyeliner on her face and poking at the dark circles against her pale skin. Her fingers were still trembling as she examined the edge of her nose; still raw. The skin around the edges was starting to flake as it tried to grow back, though it was hard with the drug constantly roughing it up again            She poked at it a little longer before a horn honked outside, and she hurried to get her things and rush out the door.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------           Suri had her mind set on surprising the band. She always wanted to be useful, so she always moved to outdo herself each and every time she saw them. She hadn’t known the band as long as they all knew each other, and she felt like she had to prove herself for them to accept her. So far, the only one that bothered to call and talk with her outside of work, was her boss. Travlok.           “Yes, I’ll be right there,” Suri said, grabbing a bunch of tech and her lunchbox and running out the front door.           She had managed to convince the manager running The Colosseum today to let her come in early and do a practice run with her new equipment. She wanted to be prepared at The Garage. She hustled, going ten miles over the speed limit as she hauled ass to get there.           She was sure she didn’t have to drive that fast, but she wanted as much time as possible to work.           When she arrived, she practically pulled everything out of her car as a jumble of cords and wires. This irritated her, but she could always fit it easily. After all, she had done this enough times to know what she was doing.           “Hello, my name is Joseph,” A younger man held open the door for Suri, waiting until she scurried inside before holding out his hand to her. “You must be… Suri? Am I pronouncing that right?”           Suri pushed the weight of all her equipment onto one arm, obviously struggling as she reached out to take Joseph’s hand. “Y-yes,” She replied, doing a single footed jump as she kept a part from falling.           “Oh, I’m so sorry I wasn’t thinking,” Joseph said, quickly letting go and saving the computer mouse from dropping to the floor.           “Thanks, it’s not a problem, formalities are always important too,” Suri replied, “You can set that on top. Can you please unlock the sound box for me? I’m on a time schedule… I’m sure you know what that’s like.”           Joseph laughed softly. “No doubt about that. I’m always hustling around here. This is the only time of day where this place is empty. Starting at about 12, there’s usually always someone here.”           “Oh… Sorry to disturb your silence,” Suri said, looking over at Joseph. “This was really important though, otherwise I probably would have left you alone.”           “No worries,” Joseph replied as he unlocked the sound booth. With a soft click, he pulled the door open for Suri. “I’m sure you’ve been here before but I’m required to give you the rundown. Anything that gets unhooked, gets re-hooked when you leave. The equalizer stays put. Any custom work can be plugged into the computer for download, but I see you’ve brought your own, so luckily for you it’s an easy switch out. Four, Two, and Five don’t get turned off under any circumstances, those are required by law to stay on. Other than that, feel free to use any of the other lights set up here. That’s about it, this is a huge place, so if you have any questions use the headset, channel four. Enjoy,” Joseph finished, taking a curt bow before backing out and letting the door shut behind him.           Suri looked out towards the stage, taking in a deep breath and letting it out slowly. She had been there before, but it had been a long time. She was thankful for the rundown. Otherwise Four, Two, and Five definitely would have gone off. She untangled her jumble of equipment and started setting up.           She would make this performance their best yet, no matter what.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------           1:30 came faster than anyone expected. Travlok had been waiting since 1, getting everything set up. He even decided to be nice enough to make lunch for the kids, again. Suri had come in maybe a minute after he had gotten there, a bright grin on her face. She was more than ready for their final performance tomorrow, and if any changes were to be made, there would be no issues at all on her part. Dorian and Saturn were third, unloading the equipment from the trailer around 1:20, and Elias and Kiran brought up the rear.           When the last two stepped out of the car, Travlok stepped over to give them a “you’re late” speech, but held his tongue when he saw Kiran.           “There’s ice in the freezer,” he said instead, crossing his arms. “We’re going to have to beat up everyone in this band for a theme to get to play tomorrow. You look like shit.”           “Nice to see you too,” Kiran said, rolling her eyes and walking past him. “I’m fine.”            “I didn’t ask if you were fine. I said you look like shit. Now I'm going to have to dip into your ice cream fund to get Samantha to do your makeup, again.”           “Samantha does a great job, I don’t know why you don’t just keep her on board full time,” Kiran said, turning on her mic and doing a few tests as Suri adjusted the volume accordingly.          “Because for one, you all do your own stuff. Two, she’s expensive.”           “No she isn’t,” Kiran replied, letting out a strained gasp as she bent down to move the mic cord out of the way.           Elias jumped down and moved it for her, giving her a warning glare. When he stood back up, he joined Saturn in tuning their instruments.           Travlok cut off his conversation with Kiran as he pulled The Garage door down a bit to block out the sun. “Alright, folks. Tomorrow is your gig. No I will not tell you where it is. The rule today is whatever Suri and I say, goes. She’s worked hard for you all, I don’t want any one of you giving her, or each other, shit. Kiran, you have to get your shit together before you hand it to anyone else.” Kiran rolled her eyes in response. “The set list is at your feet. Are there any protests to the set line up? Say aye.” Travlok waited as the band looked over the list.           “Actually, yeah. Why aren’t we playing The Broken at the end? That’s our most popular song.” Kiran said, looking up at Travlok.           “Because, you played it for your closing song yesterday. Tomorrow, it will be your opener,” he responded. “And besides, there’s a new song we’re going to release. Any problem?”           Kiran shook her head. She reached down for the water bottle Suri had put there and drank a few gulps before setting it down. “No sir, let’s get this show on the road.”           Dorian started practice off with his drumsticks, the sound echoing through The Garage. What The Garage was, was an older building that rested in the back of an abandoned shopping center. It was large enough to be a one bedroom house. One wall they took out and installed a garage door, and that was to be the area they would perform. Travlok’s guess was that it was the living room. The place had a working kitchen and a room (probably a bedroom) they all decided was their “break room”. Overall, it was a really nice building for them, and they all had done something for it at some point. Painting, repairing, or building to it. It was a safe house, an escape house, a rest house, a game house, an after hours practice house; it was their second home.

           The walls shook with their music, Dorian’s bass drum bouncing off their eardrums and echoing through the room. Saturn switched to her electric. The song that was picked for their last song was one that would be sung by Elias, and he stepped up to Kiran’s mic, the guitar he had roaring. Kiran stepped back to the keyboard. Dorian adjusted his mic for backup vocals.“You don’t want to break down,Anywhere or somehowYou can’t stand to be alone, butWhy are you not telling me the truth?” Elias glanced at Kiran, and she looked back at him. This was the first time he’d performed a song he’s written. She knew it was about her.

“Everything is lost now,

You try to hide in the deep

But you can hold your breath no longer,

Why are you not telling me the truth?”

He let his eyes close, feeling the song pull through him.

“Cause when all this fear

Haunts you, I’ll be here,

But you won’t tell me everything-”

As the chorus came up the sound grew louder. The drums beat harder, the guitars roared louder, The Garage pulsed with the beat.

“Should I stay the night?

Stay awake right by your side?

When there is darkness trying to embrace-

(the thoughts in your head!)

Cause even the darkest nights

Hide a path that leads to light

Because for a moment,

Just for this moment,

You’ll be alright”

           Kiran listened to the vocals, the lyrics being a surprise for everyone. She played the song as she remembered from the music sheet Elias had scribbled out for her, following along with the music. Her heart tightened in her chest as she listened to Elias sing with Dorian’s voice as his echo, the words jabbing her harder as he continued on. Tears threatened to break from her eyes, but she forced herself to focus. She was just performing. There was nothing to it. Nothing at all…

-----------------------------------------------------------------           Suri took a bite of her sandwich and glanced over at Kiran, who was sitting at the right end of the table. She looked over Kiran’s features. She didn’t know a lot about the singer, but from her time with the band she learned that whatever happened isn’t good, and it happened a lot. She took a second bite and turned her head to the opposite end of the table where Elias was sitting. The two had been silent the entire time, occasionally looking at each other.           After Elias’ song, Kiran had left practice and stormed into the break room. She had slammed the door and locked it shut, and Elias had gone after her. Nobody dared to disturb them, but there had been a lot of shouting and wall hitting for a bit. Travlok finally called it and gave out lunch, bringing the two back together.           There they all were, sitting in silence at the table, hearing each other chew. What a wonderful day it was indeed.           Travlok cleared his throat, always breaking the silence. “Look, Kiran-” he started, but Kiran held her hand up to cut him off.           “Song is fine, don’t care,” she read his mind and he understood to shut his bearded mouth.           “Dude I didn’t realize you had a voice,” Saturn said to Elias, nudging him with her elbow. “And you! I haven’t heard you sing like that in like...Forever!” She turned to Dorian, also nudging him with her elbow.           “I sing like this all the time, you can’t hear me over your own vocals,” Dorian said, rolling his eyes.           “Don’t be rude,” Saturn said, sticking out her tongue.           “We don’t have to do the song,” Elias said, looking at Kiran, even though his voice was directed at Travlok.           “We’re doing the song,” Kiran said, taking an angry bite from her sandwich and glaring at Elias. “So shut the fuck up.”           “Quit being aggressive,” Travlok smacked his fist on the table. “If there is an issue, share it with the class. Otherwise get out.”            Kiran inhaled slowly and let out a deep breath. She felt her sister’s hands on her shoulders, rubbing them gently.           It’s okay, sis. I don’t see why you can’t just let the guy have feelings.            “Sorry,” Kiran muttered, and finished her sandwich. “Can we go home?”           Travlok pulled out his phone. It was almost 4:30.           “Yeah, go ahead. You know the drill. Kiran, 2 pm, Samantha. Be there or be a fuckhead.”           “I’m already a fuckhead,” Kiran said, pushing herself up from the table and walking to the door. She would have left, but she came with Elias, so she waited outside by the car.           She wasn’t mad, not really. But every time Elias did something like this, it turned her emotions into scrambled eggs. She already had enough problems to deal with, she hated adding Elias to it, he just wouldn’t give up. She loved that about him, but she hated it too.           “You ready?” Elias asked, unlocking the door. “Travlok said to be here at 4 tomorrow.”           “Mkay,” Kiran replied, opening her side and flopping in.           “Why are you upset,” Elias asked, shutting his door once he was inside.           “I’m not. You just can’t surprise me like that, writing a song for me,” she replied, looking over at him.           “I didn’t write it for you, Kiran. I wrote it for me.” Elias backed out of the parking spot and turned around, heading home.-------------------------------------------------------------------------           “So anyway,” Saturn continued her story to Dorian and Suri as she laid upside-down on the couch. Her fingers were messing with the fabric of the rug. “I was what, sixteen at the time okay so you can’t be rude to me, but I literally kicked this big ‘ol fat guy right in his fuckin’ ass okay? And you know what he did?”           Suri leaned in closer, she was so into this story Saturn was telling, she really didn’t care if it wasn’t even true. But knowing what she knew about Saturn, it was probably true. “What did he do?” she asked, pressing her hands together           “So he turned around and grabbed me by the neck, swear to god,” Saturn kissed two fingers and held them up to the ceiling in some religious manner, “and he squeezed me so hard I thought I was gonna pass out. But lucky for me I had a nut shot, so I kicked him in the nuts too!” Dorian visibly winced.           “And I mean, when you have this big of a dude, I really thought I was done for.”           “That’s so awesome! I wish I was that tough when I was sixteen,” Suri said, leaning back. “I just, you know. I was just a nerd.”           “Nothing wrong with that, I mean we all had different childhoods you know, we all came out differently. Just different ways of experiencing life, you know? Sometimes I wished I was tame enough to be ‘just a nerd’.” She said, doing the finger quotes. “Your life probably wasn’t as rough.”           “I wouldn’t say that,” Suri said, raising a knee and resting an arm on it.           “Okay, do all of the women in this band have serious issues? Because I don’t think I’m enough to help everyone, I’m only one guy,” Dorian said, raising his hands up.           Saturn glared playfully at Dorian, “Excuse me? I have moderate issues,” she said flatly, and Suri laughed softly.           “You make a good point, Dorian,” Saturn continued, “That’s why we have Elias. See, now you aren’t alone to handle the women’s serious issues.”           “Okay, but can I tell a story now?” Suri chimed in, obviously excited to be spending this much time with her band members, even though it wasn’t all of them.           “Yeah, sure,” Saturn said, sitting back up the right way on the couch. She dipped her hand into the bowl of popcorn sitting beside her.           “Okay so one time in high school, I mean I was a real techie there too, and so I was in the theatre… I guess you’d call it practicing for the next show. You know, making sure my lights worked and everything,” Suri started, taking a sip of her beer before putting it back on the table.           “Which by the way,” Saturn butt in, pointing at Suri, “I don’t think any one of us has like, actually said thank you, so thank you! Cause you do a great job making us look good.”           Suri grinned, and Dorian raised his hand, “I mean I’ve said something,” he said, and Saturn smacked the back of his bald head.           “Don’t ruin the moment,” she spat, looking back at Suri. “Anyway continue!!”           Suri let out a deep breath, letting the flutters in her stomach relax. “Okay so anyway, I was practicing for the show, which was after school hours. Technically I shouldn’t have been there, but I got a copy of the key from the drama director because… I was literally the only one in the whole school that knew how to run the light and sound board, so he let me do whatever the hell I wanted pretty much.”           “Uhhuh, uhhuh,” Saturn said, resting her elbows on her knees as she leaned in closer. “Then what happened?”           “So I hear the doors open, and remembered that I had forgotten to lock them when I came in. I was pretty scared to be honest,” Suri continued, sitting back up straight. “I peeked out of the sound booth and saw, man I couldn’t believe it, it was Damien Koleski. He was this stupid guy, probably the typical bully character you read about in books and shit. And I mean he was brutal sometimes. He’d sent kids to the hospital many times. I don’t know how he was able to stay at that high school, but he shouldn’t have been.”           “So he was there, and he had this other scrawny kid with him. The poor thing already had a bloody nose, right? I was like ‘what the hell!’ and I had to do something. I thought Damien was going to kill the kid. Okay so what happened was Damien took the other kid, I think his name was Matthew, and he drug him down to the stage area and literally threw him down there. I was a freshman at the time, and this dude was a senior, so it was a miracle that this even happened.”           “What happened!” Saturn chimed in, now drawn into the story just as Suri was drawn into hers.           “So there was a closet that we kept in the theatre for emergency props, right? A whole bunch of neat stuff in there, but it was behind the stage.. I had to sneak out of the sound booth and down the isles to get there. The poor dude was getting beat up there and I had to listen to it, it really sucked. But I managed to get behind stage without either of them noticing me. And what I did was grab a mask from the closet and put it on, I think it was a tiger mask, and found a bat in there from when they performed Sand Lot, and I literally ran out onto the stage and whacked Damien in the head so hard that I probably gave him a concussion and ran out, then took the kid to the hospital. Nothing crazy like you’ve done, but probably the most ‘badass’ thing I’ve ever done.”           “How old were you then?” Saturn asked, genuinely impressed.           “Fourteen. If you’re gonna ask how I got the kid to the hospital, it’s because when I had tech days my dad would let me take his old Toyota. I grew up knowing how to drive with him, so I literally never got caught. Plus my school was like...less than a mile down the road, so that always helped. But, nonetheless! I drove the kid to the hospital and made it back without the police finding out! I’m a rebel, I know,” Suri finished, doing a theatrical bow.           “Maybe I should hang out with you more often,” Saturn laughed. “You seem like a really fun person. In fact, would you care to join me and Dorian at his apartment for some Mario Kart?” Saturn asked, not bothering to even ask Dorian if he had planned on doing anything at his own apartment.           Dorian just looked at Saturn and raised an eyebrow. “Didn’t you want to ask me if I was going to do anything at, you know, my apartment?” He said, and Saturn’s head whipped around to look at him.           “It’s okay, I don’t want it to be a problem,” Suri said, but Saturn held her hand out to shush her.           “Not a problem, you can come over, it’s cool,” Saturn said. “Right Dorian?”           “Yep, that’s fine. I’ll make spaghetti or something,” He said, rolling his eyes. “Grab your beers and let’s go.”           “Okay, awesome,” Suri said, feeling the flutters again.           She didn’t know why the band excited her so much, but everyone in it had something about them that made her want to be a part of what they were. She wanted to be more than just their tech. She wanted to be part of the group, someone they could rely on, like a friend.           It had been a while since Suri had anyone else in her life. Maybe tonight that would change.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------           When Elias pulled into the driveway, another car was already there. A black Firebird was parked close to the garage, and Elias pulled up beside it. There, standing at the door, was Morion. He was holding a bouquet of white roses as he leaned against her front door.           Kiran’s heart stopped in her chest. Her lips parted, and she let out a soft shaky breath.           “You don’t have to go,” Elias said, looking over at her. “Do you want me to take you back to my place?” He asked, already putting the car in reverse.           “No, it’s fine,” Kiran said. “It’s okay.” She reached down and grabbed her bag, throwing the strap over her shoulder. “Thanks for the ride, see you tomorrow,” she said, and opened the door.           When she got to the door, she waited for Elias to pull away before she even looked at Morion.           “What are you doing here?” She asked, looking at the roses as he handed them to her.           “I just, you know,” Morion replied, holding the bouquet out to her. “I’m sorry. I fucked up.” He rested his hand gently against the side of her face, barely touching where her bruises were. “Again. I fucked up again. I just, I don’t know. I know I have problems. I always go too far. Can you forgive me?” He asked, looking into her eyes.            Kiran let her eyes close, clutching onto the roses. “I could, but it wouldn’t mean anything,” she said finally, opening her eyes again. “You do it over and over, you always say sorry. I’ve forgiven you a million times, when you say you won’t do it again,” She held the roses up to her nose, breathing in the aroma.           “I promise, I promise it won’t happen again,” Morion pleaded. “You’re the best thing to ever happen to me.”           “I know,” Kiran replied, looking up at Morion. “Let’s go inside.”           The spirits hadn’t left her house from this morning. There had to be at least 20 there, her sister included. They always called out to her, reached out for her, always touching her, always hugging her. They wanted her help. They needed her help. She was the vessel that would release their souls, reach out to their families, switch the flowers on their graves. She was the body that would let them possess her. She was the only one willing to help the dead. So, they never left her alone. And there they were.

           I tried to get them to leave.

           Kiara turned and looked at Kiran, letting out a heavy sigh. I’m sorry.           Morion pulled Kiran close, taking the flowers from her and setting them on a shelf by the front door. He leaned in and pulled her close, putting his lips against her neck, soothing her.           “I’m sorry,” he whispered into her ear. “I care about you.”           There he went, always drawing her in. Caressing her emotions, bringing them to her. She swore he was her puppet master, he always had the reigns. She couldn’t help but be who he wanted her to be, and always be there. She hated him so much, but she loved him just the same.           His hands slid up the back of her shirt, running along her spine. “Let me make it up to you,” he said softly, biting the tip of her ear. “Let me treat you right.”           She knew he wouldn’t, that he would fuck it all up again. He would be her demise. But she loved it.           “Prove that you can,” Kiran said, wrapping her arms around his neck. “Make me your temple.”           Morian gave her his half smile and kissed her deeply as he carried her into the bedroom.           Everything went as normal. They smoked the pipe, one, two, three times to start, ripping clothes off and tossing them in different areas of the house. His hands touched her body all over, holding her against him tight as he was inside her. It always went smoothly at first. With the sixth smoke and the second injection, it started to go downhill. His hands were rougher, harder. Around her arms, around her neck.           “Stop,” Kiran would say, but he would never.           He pulled her hair, pulling her head back to him as he fucked her from behind.           “I had a thought,” He whispered to her, the drugs starting to talk. “You fucked him, didn’t you?”           “I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Kiran gasped, clenching the sheets on the bed.           “You did, didn’t you. Don’t lie to me.”           “It’s none of your business what I do,” Kiran growled, and he only tugged harder.           He grabbed her body and flipped her over, hovering above her with his hand around her neck. “You’re a fucking slut,” he spat, pushing his other hand into her chest as he fucked her harder, rougher.           “Stop, I don’t deserve this,” Kiran choked out, clenching onto his arm.           “I’ll show you what you deserve, bitch.”----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

           Dorian stretched his arms over his head with a yawn, looking up at the ceiling. He had fallen asleep on his living room couch, who knows when during the night last night. He remembered playing Mario Kart, getting his ass whooped, then playing Smash, and getting his ass whooped. At some point he had given up and went to make dinner, spaghetti with tomato and basil sauce and meatballs, and watched the two girls fight each other for most of the night. 

           He sat up and looked around the room, not seeing the two anywhere. Before he did anything, he went to the restroom, casually checking the drawers and cabinets for any new surprises stashed there. Then, breakfast. Every morning, whether Saturn liked it or not, he made breakfast for them. She wasn’t allowed to complain anyway, because he worked so hard on his breakfast. Today, it was going to be Belgian waffles. And cereal, depending on what Suri was into. As he mixed the batter, he carried the bowl with him down the hall. He slowly cracked the door to Saturn’s room, and found it empty. A wave of panic washed over him for a moment, and he froze. He pushed it open more and looked around, but her things were still here. The window wasn’t open or anything, which was good. Her shoes were here, her clothes were here, her bag was here. He turned around and glanced at his bedroom, heading that way.

           When he reached his door he did the same, cracking it open and peering inside. There, he found Saturn and Suri, curled up together underneath his covers. There were sodas and beers on the floor, a bag of chips, the TV remote, nail polish, and a bunch of other shit scattered around his room.

           He smiled.

           For the first time in a long time, he wasn’t worried about Saturn. He wasn’t scared that she had snuck off in the night to her dealer. He wasn’t worried that she had gotten too doped up last night and he’d have to make sure she hadn’t choked in her sleep. For once, he saw her having fun. Normal fun, with a friend. And it really made his morning great.

           When he finished making the waffles he set the table, getting out orange juice and fixing a pot of coffee. A thought came into his mind, that, like the others, they didn’t know a lot about Suri. She’d been with the group for about four months. Not a long time, but enough time for them to get to know her. The thing is, they didn’t. They’ve been together so long, about four years as a band, and much longer than that as friends, that I guess the thought of fresh meat didn’t really appeal to them. Even he, who was willing to get to know anyone, hadn’t reached out. At least she was good.

good. Their performances were a lot better with her lighting coordination. They sounded better because she knew what she was doing. They probably got more gigs because

made them better. Of course, they did have amazing music. But that’s besides the point. 

           He went to his bedroom again and knocked on the door.

           “Saturn, breakfast, Suri, I don’t know what you like but there are waffles,” he called, pausing a moment. Silence.

           He knocked again. “Saturn!” He shouted, and Saturn jumped up almost instantly.

           “Wh-huh-what?!” Saturn shouted back, startling Suri.

           “What happened?!” Suri sat up, rubbing her eyes.

           “Breakfast is ready,” Dorian said, shutting the door with a smirk on his face.

           When the girls came to the table, Saturn raised her eyebrows. “The

? Who are you trying to empress?” She said, then glanced at Suri. “Are you trying to impress Suri?” 

           “It’s just we have a guest, you know, that never happens and I need to make sure I look good,” Dorian replied, winking at Saturn as he set a waffle on each plate.

           “You really didn’t have to go out of the way for me, Dorian,” Suri said, yawning again. “I do appreciate the waffles though, thank you.” She picked up a fork and dug in, then looked at her empty glass. “Actually I’m gonna get some of that orange juice,” she started to get up, but Dorian had already grabbed the bottle and handed it to her. 

           “Oh, thanks,” she said.

           Saturn watched him with a raised eyebrow. Maybe it was jealousy flaring up under her skin as she watched how

he was being to the new girl. She cleared her throat.

           “What,” Dorian said flatly, looking at Saturn. 

           “What?” Saturn replied, digging into her waffle. “My throat had something caught in it.”

           “Mhm, okay.”

           “Why did you have to wake us up, anyway? We had too much fun last night, we need beauty rest,” Saturn mumbled through a mouthful.

           “Because I want to get the group together for a practice run. You know how it is before shows. I want to just be prepared. Apparently we have a big show tonight, I’m sort of bummed we don’t know anything about it.”

           Suri was smiling as she dug into her waffle, trying to keep her mouth shut.

           “I mean, how am I supposed to know where to set up my drums if I’ve never seen the stage before? This whole thing is stressing me out,” Dorian finished, taking a couple sips of coffee. 

           “You’ll know where to set up,” Suri said before shoving another piece of waffle down her throat. 

           Saturn looked Suri up and down, her eyes narrowing. “You know something, don’t you?” she said.

           Suri glanced at Saturn, then back at her waffle. “Travlok told me not to tell anyone, okay? But there are going to be marks on the stage where you need to set up, okay? Don’t be mad at me.”

           Dorian snorted, “Makes sense he would tell you what’s going on, you’re the tech! You have to know,” he said, and chuckled a little. 

           Saturn kept her glare on, but she slowly turned back to her waffle. “Well, whatever. At least we will be prepared for that, yeah? I’m sure you’ll take care of us, Suri.” She let out a long breath, relaxing.

           She didn’t know why she had gotten so worked up, but she honestly had a really good time with Suri last night. They talked a lot, she learned a lot. It was a great time, honestly. Just a genuinely great time. Today would be great too. She was certain it would be.

--------------------------------------------------------------------

           No text. No phone call. Elias had stayed up most of the night looking at his phone, watching the clock. He wouldn’t come back to save Kiran from her own home, because she’d have no reason to leave. He felt it in his gut that he should have, though. Something told him that he was wrong for staying where he was. When he woke up, his phone was on his face, and he checked it immediately.

           Nothing.

           Should I call?

He thought, placing his phone on the dresser as he grabbed his clothes for the day. 

           No, Kiran was an adult. He didn’t need to watch after her. He was just her friend.

What was he thinking? Better yet,

what was she thinking?

           “Ugh!” he shouted, knocking a few things off of his night stand. 

           He couldn’t stand it, the things she did to herself. He had to do something. He picked up the phone and dialed her number. It rang. It rang. It rang, and again. And again. And again. Until it went to voicemail. He slowly lowered the phone from his ear and looked at it, glancing to the time in the corner. It wasn’t early, but it wasn’t late. He tapped the red circle to end the call, but he couldn’t put the phone down.

           Was she okay?

           She’s probably asleep,

he thought, finally sliding the phone into his pocket and starting his day.

           He would do a morning workout routine each day, nothing too hard but nothing too easy, just something to get his body working. Then shower. Then breakfast. The whole time he tried to push her from his mind, but he couldn’t shake it. Something was wrong, but he forced himself to ignore it and move on.

           By noon he still hadn’t heard anything. If he hadn’t had anxiety, he definitely did now. He had gone to The Garage, thinking she might be there, but of course she wasn’t. Dorian and Saturn had even showed up early, considering they didn’t need to be there for four more hours. 

           “What’s going on?” Dorian asked, walking up to Elias.

           He had just been leaning against his car, probably hyperventilating. 

           “Dude, I just. It’s Kiran, she’s stressing me out,” Elias said, the words falling out of his mouth.

           “What did she say?” Dorian said, looking at Saturn. He wasn’t really good at trying to calm someone down.

           “Nothing! She didn’t say anything. I haven’t heard a thing from her,” Elias said. “I was hoping she would be here. Have either of you heard anything?”

           Dorian and Saturn shook their heads. Suri shook hers as well, though she knew he wasn’t asking her.

           “It’s okay,” Saturn said, walking up to Elias. “Kiran’s fine. You just have to give her space, dude. She’s my best friend. I know her probably better than you do.”

           Elias thought it over. He was pretty sure at this point he knew her better than anyone. “Fine, I’ll believe you. Let’s get the hell inside so I can do something else,” he said, turning and walking into The Garage. 

           Hours passed. No one heard anything from Kiran. Not until 4:15, when her Toyota Camry pulled in.

           She got out of the car and walked up to The Garage, the gang pausing the practice and watching her in silence. It was obvious she had actually gone to see Samantha, because she looked

better than she did yesterday, to the point where it might not have happened at all. She didn’t say a word, merely set her stuff down and walked up to her microphone. She tapped it a couple times. “Test,” she said into it, and a couple times more before she looked at Suri and gestured upwards with her thumb. Suri was staring at her just a moment before snapping back into the real world, gently turning up the volume. 

           Kiran tapped it a few more times and nodded, taking her stance and holding the mic with both hands.

           “Well?” She said, looking over her shoulder at the band. “Let’s do this shit.”

----------------------------------------------------------

           The Colosseum was bigger than the band had imagined. And it looked just as the name gave off. It was a large round building, with open windows all around the outside of the

layer of walls. When you walked in, you came into an enclosed building, the lobby having a few windows here and there, though the further you went, the darker it got. It was beautiful. When the band checked in, they were sent to the back. There were multiple rooms for all the bands to rest in, and their “break room” was probably as big as the stage was. It even came with it’s own pool table.

           Suri knew all about the place already, giving the members the grand tour of the venue. They had gotten there an hour early, giving them enough time to get to know how things were. They got to hear the other band’s music, taking their turns talking shit about the members with their ugly guitars and bad hairdos. About fifteen minutes til, Kiran disappeared. 

           Her anxiety was through the roof. She was shaking so bad she couldn’t hold onto her drink. She had to get out of there, and she decided to hide in the bathroom. She tossed her bag onto the counter, digging through it and pulling out all sorts of things. The first thing was the crack pipe. The second was the Adderall. The third was the coke. She would be ready, no matter what. 

           She smoked quickly, taking two or three hits before filling her hands with water and downing the pills. After about ten minutes, Saturn came in.

           “Hey, what are you doing? We’re about to go on!” Saturn said, coming up to Kiran and eyeballing the cocaine on the counter.

           “I just, I just can’t,” Kiran said, her hands trembling. “I just needed help. Do it with me,” she said, handing her blade to Saturn. “You’re my best friend.”

           Saturn swallowed hard. She was trying so hard to stop. She told herself she would stop. But seeing how Kiran was, she couldn’t say no. Not to her, not to the cocaine. “You know I will, like old times. Let’s do it,” Saturn said, saying a silent apology to Dorian before snorting the whole line. Kiran did the same, but did a second one too. She shook her hands out, bouncing a little before scraping the rest into the bag. 

           “Hey, why did you get two?” Saturn said, wiping her nose off with a napkin.

           “I need it,” Kiran said, turning to head out but losing her balance and tripping. Her bag flew, all her drugs and needles spilling out.

           “Kiran…” Saturn exclaimed, reaching down to help her up, but unable to look away from all the drugs. She looked down at Kiran. “What have you done?”

           “I’m fine,” Kiran said, hastily picking up her things and getting out of that bathroom as fast as she could. 

           When she caught up to the rest of the group, she could feel her heart racing. She was ready. She didn’t think she would feel so anxious about all those people when she wanted bigger. She really got it, it was big. Bigger than she would have thought could happen just overnight. It was amazing. They were amazing. All those people watching. One of them was Morion, she knew he was there, he told her he would come. But it didn’t matter. She would take them on. She would show them who she was. She would give them the music.

           Kiran was so distracted by everything else, she didn’t hear Saturn whispering to the others about what she had seen. They were concerned, but there wasn’t anything they could do now. The other band cleared, Suri giving them the go ahead to set up. Dorion and Saturn rolled out the drum set, while Kiran and Elias brought out the amps and guitars. Travlok got the keyboard out, and Suri brought in the set lists and last little things. Her and Travlok checked headsets before she headed out to the sound booth.

           Saturn and Elias turned their guitars, making sure everything was good. Kiran tested the mic, a new wave of energy flowing through her. She could feel her blood pulsing through her fingers as she gripped it harder. 

           When everything was ready, they all fell silent. Elias started them off with the sound of his guitar, filling the air with sound. The chord drew out, and then the lights snapped on.

           Kiran was blind, unable to see anything out in the audience. Just how she liked it. She gripped the mic stand and sang as loud as she could, hearing her voice echo across the stage, off the walls, off her mind. She couldn’t feel a thing. She was in heaven. They started with The Broken, and right away their fans could be heard. There in the front, hands raised, jumping with Kiran and singing along. 

           With the second song it was the same, except the voices got louder. More and more people that knew their music. More and more people that liked them. This fueled Kiran even more and she pushed herself harder. She was starting to sweat.

           They were nearing the end, one song left before Elias’ performance. Kiran had gripped the mic stand, for once leaving it in place. She fought to keep her focus, her heart beating in her ears. She breathed in deeply, forcing her eyes to stay open.

“Facing the night,

No tears left to cry in the quiet and in the dark

Am I the eyes you’re looking for?”

She could feel the music pulse through her, the vibrations in her body echoing those of the drums. With each hit of the bassdrum she felt a jolt go through her.

The bombs will fall,

You can’t hide from what you saw.”

The energy pulled at her, dragging her down fast. She couldn’t feel a thing. She was numb.

“But we’ll fight the dark

And then you’ll see,

We’ll shout into the void, baby-”

She let her head drop back as she cut herself off, letting the crowd sing the rest.

“You won’t break me!

Wait and you’ll see,

At dawn, I’ll still be here…

I’ll find you when the lights go out, 

I’ll be here when it all comes falling down,

All comes falling down,

You can’t take me down”

By the time Elias’ song came, Kiran wasn’t even in her mind. She would have been upset at this song if she could feel anything. But she played smoothly, carrying on her facade. She played like a charm all the way to the end. 

“Beautiful,” She said, stepping back from the keyboard. “I loved it, you guys are amazing,” she said, walking towards backstage. “I just need to take a break for a moment,” she said, wiping her nose. When she looked down, she saw glistening red. “Just a moment,” She repeated, lifting her foot to take a step. But before it came back down, she had gone dark.

Kiran’s body hit the floor hard.

-----------------------------------------------------------------

      “Are you fucking crazy?!” Elias was shouting at Saturn, with Dorian trying to calm him down. “You snorted a line of coke with her? Why would you do that!”      “Listen asshole, I didn’t know she had done all that other stuff, okay? She asked me to, she looked so pitiful okay, I didn’t know what was going on!” Saturn shouted back, and a nurse stepped into the room.       “Look, I need you guys to leave if you are going to keep this up,” She said, glaring between the three of them.       “No,” They said at once, glancing at each other.       “Sorry,” Elias grumbled, moving to Kiran’s bedside.        When she had hit the floor last night, the world stopped spinning for the band. They could feel the clock ticking down. Dorian knew from experience that there were only moments until they’re gone. Elias had rushed to her side, trying to wipe up the blood spilling from her nose but Dorian had moved him out of the way. He checked her heartbeat, finding it had slowed way down. “Call 911,” He said, moving into CPR position if he needed to. He looked up at Elias, “NOW,” he shouted, starting Elias into moving. “There’s nothing I can do except wait to see if her heart slows.”       “Can’t you make her throw up?!” Elias said, but to his disappointment Dorian shook her head.       “There’s too much going on, and I have no idea what she did, it isn’t safe right now.”       Dorian had carried her to the ambulance, Elias holding her hand the whole time. She was just a limp body. He wondered if she would die on the way, his breath catching in his chest. He was going to ride in the ambulance with her, but something had caught his attention. He looked over, seeing a very familiar face stepping out of the venue and stopping when he saw Elias.       Morian didn’t have a single expression on his face as he watched the EMTs load Kiran into the back of the ambulance, and that alone was enough to send Elias into overdrive. He walked calmly towards Morian, who was watching him the entire time.      “Hey,” Elias said, taking one more step forward before swinging an arm around and punching him square in the jaw.       Morion grabbed onto him, but the anger in Elias was too strong. He hit Morion again, and again, and again, dodging most (but not all) hits Morion was swinging at him. When Morion hit the ground, though, Elias didn’t stop. He kept punching him until his face was covered in blood.       “Hey, woah, woah,” One of the EMTs said, trying to pull Elias off of him.      “Take care of her,” Elias said, staring down at Morion’s unconscious body. “Please, please leave this shithead here. He’s the reason she’s in that ambulance.”      The EMT gestured for the ambulance to go, and she waited with her arms crossed. “You need to get out of here.” She told Elias, helping him off the ground.      His knuckles hurt, but he endured the pain. Next time he saw Morion, he probably would kill him.       “Please wake up, Kiran,” Saturn cried, resting her head on the bed. She had never seen Kiran this bad before, and she knew now how Dorian felt. Seeing someone you care about dying because of something stupid really hit her hard.        They had taken her away a couple times, once to pump her stomach. She was out cold and hadn’t woken up for most of the day. It was around 6pm when her heart monitor slowed way down.        “Get the nurse,” Dorian said, watching it. For some reason he thought if he looked away it would flat line.       Even though he kept his eyes on it, it finally did.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------       Kiran opened her eyes slowly.  What’s happened?  She thought. She felt light, so light. So well. She felt so much better. She looked down at her body.  Ah, okay.         She wasn’t upset. She looked around, seeing all the people. The band, the nurses rushing in with the doctor by their side. When she turned around, she saw all the others, Kiara among them. The people that followed her, talked to her, watched out for her. There were 7 people alive in the room, 24 dead, including herself.        You can’t be here,  Kiara said. Even as a spirit, Kiara was crying. She could see the tears.        Why aren’t you happy? Kiran said back, gasping as the nurses put the shock pads on her chest. The world had slowed down, the shock lasting much longer than it should. When she looked back, everyone seemed to be moving in slow motion.       Because, you’re supposed to live, Kiran.       Kiran walked around the bed to where the band was standing against the wall, watching. She looked over all their faces. She saw the worry. The pain. It was so nice not to feel those emotions. Saturn was clinging to Dorian, Elias was clenching his fists so hard he had white knuckles.        Again, she felt the shock. She knew she wasn’t fully gone.  Let me go,  she said to Kiara, who shook her head in response.        I can’t. You made me a promise. You have to go back.       Kiara walked over to Kiran, grabbing her by the front of her shirt.        What are you doing? Kiran asked, but Kiara was silent.       She was waiting. Kiara was watching the nurses rub the pads together and place them back on Kiran’s chest.  Sorry, sis. But you can’t stay here anymore.        Kiara pushed Kiran hard, pushing her down into her body once again.       On the third shock, Kiran jolted up, gasping for breath. The nurses pulled the pads off her chest quickly, trying to grab her and lay her back down. They had never seen a reaction like that before.       Kiran couldn’t find the air yet, she clenched the bedsheets and breathed hard, almost hyperventilating.       “Oh my god,” Saturn said, putting her head in Dorian’s chest.        The nurses kept touching Kiran, and she tried to smack their hands away. “Leave me alone,” She finally said when she found the words. “Get out of here, I’m fine.”           “You were just flatlined,” the nurse tried to explain, but Kiran cut her off.        “I know, I was there,” Kiran said flatly. She let out a deep breath before laying down on her own. She felt so strong before. Now her body shook with the weakness that overcame her. She was upset with Kiara, but she understood. She let her eyes close.        “Everyone get out. I want to be alone.”       “Kiran,” Elias started, but Dorian grabbed his shoulder.        “Elias, let’s go,” Dorian said, gently moving the other two towards the door. “We’ll be in the waiting room, Kiran. Okay?” He said, following all but one of the nurses out of the room.         I hate you,  Kiran thought to Kiara, who was resting her hands against the edge of Kiran’s bed.       Kiara smiled. I love you too.

      It had been three days since the incident. Every day, the band would visit the hospital. They wanted to keep her there for at least a week to diagnose her mental conditions. Every day they showed up, but Kiran wouldn’t see them. Elias started to worry. He knew why she didn’t want to see them, she knew that Elias was upset. He was beyond upset, but it wasn’t at her. It was at Morion for pushing her towards her death, and it was at himself for not realizing what was going on. He wanted to take care of her, but instead he had failed her. If only he had showed up at her house that night, maybe none of this would have happened. 

      He sat in the waiting room reading a book. When the others had gone for lunch, he stayed and waited, hoping she would ask to see him. It was a hopeless thought, but a thought nonetheless.

      Hours passed. Eventually, Travlok came to the hospital and told everyone to either go home or practice. But Elias couldn’t leave. Instead, he took his chances of going to her room. He rested his hand on the closed door, then his forehead.

      “Kiran?” He called, waiting. He stood for several minutes before finally hearing her respond.

      “Are you still there?” She called, and he immediately perked up.

      “Y-yes, I’m here.”

      Kiran was silent a few more moments. “You can come in.”

      Elias’ heart beat against his chest. He slowly cracked open the door and stepped inside, shutting it behind him. He walked over to her bedside.

      "Kiran, I-” 

      Kiran cut him off. “It wasn’t your fault.”

      Elias was trembling. He reached towards her, taking her hand. “It wasn’t yours either.”

      Kiran looked over to Elias, tears filling in her eyes. “I’m sorry.”

      Elias stood, gently taking her in his arms, hugging her. “Don’t be.”

      “I lied to you.”

      Elias pulled back, looking over her face with a confused look. “What do you mean?”

      “I hadn’t broken up with Morion.”

      Anger started to bubble up under his skin. It was fast, heating up his cheeks. “You… didn’t? After all this time, and you’ve still called that monster your boyfriend?”

      “I didn’t tell him, but he knew what I did with you. He kept drawing me in, Elias. Every time. We used to have a good relationship, you know. It wasn’t always all bad. I always had hope it would be like that again… I couldn’t let him go.” Kiran looked away from Elias. “So, I’m sorry, okay?”

      Elias breathed deeply. “Well, I beat the shit out of his face, so he’s going to be so ugly you won’t want to be with him anymore.”

      Kiran smiled, still looking away from him. “Good.”

      Elias was silent for a few moments, sitting down on the bed next to her. He hadn’t let go of her hand.

      “Give me a chance, Kiran. Please.”

      Kiran looked back at Elias. She could see the sincerity in his eyes. The love.

      “I’ll only hurt you.”

      “Are you serious? You’re in the hospital right now. You’ve scared me many times. You’ve left me every night for someone that abuses you. You’ve lied to me, you’ve deceived me, you’ve played me. You had sex with me because you were high. Kiran, I don’t think you can hurt me anymore. I’ve stuck with you through it all. I’ve been there for you for as much as I could. I’ve rescued you on your worse nights. Please, Kiran. Just… Give me a chance.”

      “I’m a freak. I see dead people,” Kiran replied, a tear rolling down her cheek. 

      Elias leaned over and wiped the tear with his thumb. “I know. I know.”

      Tears continued to fall down Kiran’s face, dripping off her chin and onto her bed sheets. “What if I can’t?”

      “Why can’t you?” Elias said, taking both hands and wiping more tears from her eyes.

      Kiran was silent. She really didn’t have an answer. She’s avoided Elias for so long, but she honestly didn’t know why. Maybe it was the fear of Morion that always was stored in the back of her soul.

      When she didn’t respond, he got her attention again. “If you can’t think of anything, then you should just give it a try. You know I’ll take care of you. I’ll break up with Morion for you if you can’t.”

      “How, by killing him?” Kiran was half smiling.

      “Maybe, or worse,” Elias said, letting out a curt laugh. 

      Kiran closed her eyes. She let out a deep breath. “Okay. But you have to promise me something.”

      “Anything, Kiran.”

      Kiran looked back at him.

      “Promise me you’ll never leave.”

-----------------------------------------------------------------

      Saturn was at her apartment with Dorian. After everything that had happened, she decided to officially move out. She was paying her rent for no reason, she was never there. She was stressed, not having seen Kiran in three days. She was scared she was going to relapse, that one line of coke they did together filling her thoughts. She didn’t even think she would ever do it again, seeing what it did to Kiran. But she knew there was always that urge, that itch. She wasn’t going to take any chances.

      Dorian taped up a box and slid it over to Saturn, who scribbled over it with sharpie and pushing it onto the porch. He was helping her pay the fee to cancel her lease agreement. She had to pay double the amount of rent to leave halfway through the lease, but she just didn’t want to even have her stuff reside there anymore. She wanted to be somewhere where she felt safe.

      “Okay, anything else?” Dorian said, wiping his forehead with a small towel. They had done a lot that evening, more than he thought they would be able to do. The whole apartment was packed up in  just a few hours. 

      “No, trash the rest. I don’t care. I want to go now,” Saturn replied, looking at Dorian. “I want to go home.”

      Dorian gave her a smile, hearing her say the word ‘home’ made his stomach tie up in knots. “Okay. You can get in the truck, I’ll trash this stuff, okay?”

      Saturn nodded, catching the keys Dorian tossed to her and heading out of the apartment. She jogged down the stairs, half running to the truck and swinging into the passenger’s side. When she settled, she brought her bag into her lap. She dug around in it, finally pulling out her wallet and opening it up. In a small pocket, she had a picture of her and Kiran when they were kids. She opened the folded picture and rubbed her thumb over Kiran’s face, breathing in slowly and then letting it all out. 

      What could she have done? She blamed herself, letting herself snort cocaine with Kiran. Dorian said she couldn’t have known, but it didn’t matter. She hadn’t been as close with Kiran as they used to be. She had no idea what was happening. She knew Kiran smoked and would do some party drugs occasionally but… Nothing to that extreme. She didn’t know what was happening to her at home. She didn’t know anything. She squeezed the picture in her hands and brought out her cellphone, dialing Elias’ number. He was probably still at the hospital.

      After a few rings, the line went to voicemail. Saturn held the phone out in front of her, staring at it in disbelief. She could feel the tears in her eyes. Why was this happening?

      When Dorian returned to the truck, she had been hyperventilating. 

      “We have to go back,” Saturn gasped through her tears. “Something happened, I couldn’t get Elias on the phone, we have to go back!”

      “Woah, hold on, hold on, shh,” Dorian said, reaching over and grabbing Saturn by the shoulders. “It’s okay, what’s happening?”

      “I don’t know, I just, I just tried calling and it went to voicemail, we need to go back,” Saturn cried, the tears dripping onto where his hands were resting.

      Dorian looked at the clock. “It’s after midnight, Saturn, we can’t go back,” he said calmly. “We can go back first thing in the morning, okay? Don’t cry, everything is okay. If something happened you know Elias would call us, okay?”

      Saturn pulled her shirt up and wiped her face. “Okay, okay fine,” she said, a bit mad that Dorian wouldn’t take them back. “Whatever.”

      “Uh-uh,” Dorian said, letting go of Saturn. “Don’t ‘whatever’ me. I’m being reasonable. We’re going to go home, and you’re going to unpack some things, and then we’re going to bed.

      Saturn shifted in her seat, turning away from Dorian and looking out the window.

      When they got home, that’s exactly what she did. She dug through boxes and found her pajamas, throwing off her current clothes and tossing them in the corner before putting them on. She had told Dorian goodnight and jumped into her new bed, getting almost all the way under the covers, holding her phone about two inches away from her face. She knew she shouldn’t have, but she couldn’t help it.

      She dialed Elias’ number, and waited.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

      Kiran had her eyes closed, her back arching as Elias’ hands slid up her spine. The past couple hours had her in bliss. It was well after midnight, and Elias still had his lips tracing up her neck. Her clothes were on the floor; she had ripped them off, as well as her IV not too long after her and Elias had made up. She couldn’t help it. Maybe Morion was right, maybe she was a whore, but she loved every moment of it. 

      Elias’ phone went off again for the second time, snapping Kiran back into reality. She looked over at the bedside table in frustration.

      “Leave it,” Elias whispered, biting the tip of her ear.

      “No,” Kiran said, gently pushing herself onto her elbows. 

      Elias raised up onto his knees, running his fingers through his hair, the sweat slicking it back. “Who is it?”

      Kiran reached over and snatched the phone off the table, looking at it. She didn’t respond, just tapped the answer key.

      “Hello?” Kiran said flatly. 

      “K...Kiran?” Saturn said on the other line.

      Kiran laid back down on the bed, reaching up and running her fingers along Elias’ chest. “I’m fine. You don’t have to worry about me anymore, okay?” She said to Saturn.

      “Kiran I’m sorry,” Saturn said, and Kiran could tell Saturn was trying not to cry. 

      “Not your fault, it’s okay. Are you home?” Kiran asked, smiling at Elias as he slid his fingers over hers and down her hand, to her wrist.

      “I left my apartment. Tomorrow I’m going to be moved out for sure. I’m at Dorian’s, so yeah. I’m home.”

      “Okay, cool,” Kiran said, distracted by Elias’s lips gently touching her chest. 

      “Um,” Kiran continued, “Have you heard from Travlok? We need to have a meeting and go over our next set list.”

      “Are you serious? You’re in the hospital and you’re thinking about the set list?” Saturn said sternly.

      “That’s not the only thing I’m thinking about,” Kiran replied, biting her lip.

      Elias smirked at her.

      “Oh…. Oh, is Elias there?” Saturn asked. She was smirking too.

      “Yeah, he’s uh.. Right here. Do you need to talk to him?” Kiran replied, embarrassed.

      “Nope, no I’m good. I’ll let you go. Good talking to you, bye!” Saturn blurted out the words and then hung up. 

      Kiran tossed the phone back onto the table and looked up at Elias before meeting his lips with hers.

      She let her eyes close. It was going to be a long, long night.

      “So, are we going to cancel? It's in two weeks," Suri was saying, taking a bite of her spaghetti.

      She had been called over to Boss’ house to discuss the state of the band, and whether or not they should continue on.

      “I think that’s the best option,” Travlok was saying, poking at a meatball with his fork.

      “Well I don’t,” Suri said, placing her fork down. “Obviously there’s some other things going on in the background, but this band is their main priority. Give them two weeks. They don’t need to practice every day. I say two good sessions and the walkthrough of the venue is enough for them to get ready. I know Kiran would kill you if you make them quit.”

      “She’s already killed herself,” Travlok said flatly. “Or did you skip over the part where I told you she flat-lined?”

      “It’s not that I’m not taking this seriously, because I completely understand the seriousness of the situation. I’m just telling you not to punish them. They’ve already punished themselves, they don’t need your help. Two weeks. It’s two weeks away, it’s enough time. I promise.”

      “And what are you going to do if this happens again? Are you going to continue on?” 

      Suri bit into the meatball she had been playing with. “How about this. If this happens again, I’m gonna quit my job.”

      “This happens again and someone dies, you’re just going to quit your job? What else?” 

      Suri frowned, “Look, their lives are important but do you expect me to kill myself if one of them dies? I’m not as close with them as you are. 

      Travlok snorted. “That’s not what I was saying. It doesn’t matter anyway. I’ll give them their two weeks.” He pushed a paper towards Suri. “Look over this setlist. Let me know if there needs to be any changes done. I’m going to let you call Kiran this time to go over it. Let her do whatever she wants to do.”

      Suri glanced up at Travlok, “You want

to call her? Why.” A soft meow came from beside Suri’s chair, moving over to where Travlok was sitting.

      “Because I don’t feel like it.” He scooped up Anvil and put him in his lap, petting his head. “I’ve got other things I need to do.”

      “Have you even checked on her?” Suri said, leaning back in her chair and crossing her arms. “Aren’t you like supposed to be their parent figure or something? It’s been a week.”

      Travlok frowned, “I went to the hospital, I tried to see her, she didn’t want to see anyone. I did my duty as parent.”

      “You haven’t called.”

      Travlok glanced at the phone. “No, I haven’t.”

      “Why? Are you scared?”

      “Maybe. But I’m still not going to call right now. You can talk to her first. Tell me how she’s doing.”

      Travlok set Anvil back down on the floor and picked up his dinner plate, taking it into his office and shutting the door.

      “Well, I guess that’s it,” Suri said, and swirled more noodles onto her fork.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

      Dorian knocked on Saturn’s door again. “Breakfast,” He said, waiting to hear a response. When he didn’t get one again, he sighed and turned back to the hall. 

      He stretched his arms over his head and went back into the kitchen, tending back to the sausage and eggs he had going on the stove top. His stomach growled, and he decided it would be better if he

wait for Saturn this time.

      He was almost done when Saturn’s door opened. She stepped down the hall and into the living room, yawning quietly when she got there.

      “Morning,” She said. She

      Since she decided to quit for real, it’s been hard on her. Vomiting, shaking, headaches, sleepiness, irritability, paranoia, among other things as she fought her withdrawal. He knew she wanted more. He also knew that this time, she wouldn’t. 

      “Hey sleepyhead,” Dorian said, gesturing to the kitchen. “Breakfast awaits.”

      “I’m not that hungry,” Saturn said, resting her hands on the back of the couch.

      “Well, grab something anyway. You can just throw away whatever you don’t end up eating. 

      Saturn sighed and made her way into the kitchen. Dorian watched as she went over to the stove and made herself a plate. She glanced back at him, and he raised an eyebrow before she turned back to the stove. 

      “Why did you wake me up at 5am,” Saturn said, turning towards Dorian and walking back into the living room.

      “I didn’t,” Dorian said, turning to the TV. He pointed over to the digital clock he had, reading 5:15 PM.

      Saturn blinked. “It’s… Night time?” She asked, sitting down and looking at her plate. “Why… Are you making breakfast for dinner?”

      “Because it’s not dinner to you since you just woke up.” He replied simply, poking his fork through the sausage link on his plate and biting into it. “I was gonna make french toast, then realized we were out of bread. Then I was going to make buttered toast with jam, and remembered again that we were out of bread.” Dorian sighed. 

      Saturn smiled, letting out a soft giggle. “Dummy,” She said, moving from her seat across the living room and sitting beside Dorian on the couch. “Have you heard from anyone today?” She asked, and Dorian shook his head. “Anyone? No one?” She said again, and he shook his head again.

      “Nobody,” Dorian replied, grabbing the TV remote and tossing it to Saturn. “Not yet. Someone will call soon, don’t worry.” He glanced down at where he kept Saturn’s phone.

      Since her withdrawals started getting bad, he’s had to keep her phone with him to keep her from obsessing and getting freaked out. The paranoia always followed when she was waiting for a call from Kiran. Or she’d try calling her. It got even worse when no one would answer. So for safe keeping, he kept it with him. 

      “Do you think they’re okay? Do you think she’s doing it again?” Saturn said, scooping eggs into her mouth. “I think we should let her come over here, you know?”

      Dorian shook his head, “Everyone is fine, I promise. All you gotta worry about is those eggs on your plate and whether or not I’m going to eat them before you do.”

      Saturn had a confused look on her face. Dorian slowly started to lean over towards her, reaching his fork over to where the rest of her eggs were sitting on her plate.

      “No!” Saturn shouted and jumped back up, sitting down in the chair she was in before. “There are mine!” She laughed. 

      “Okay, then hurry up. I was going to take us to a movie but you’re eating so slow,” Dorian said, watching Saturn try to stuff the rest of her food in her mouth.”

      “ImDhone,” She tried saying through her stuffed mouth.

      Dorian rolled his eyes and stood up. “Get dressed then and we can go.”

-----------------------------------------------

      “Hello?” Kiran said, putting her phone up to her ear. She had rushed to silence the ringing, not wanting to disturb any resting souls in the graveyard. 

      She looked over at Elias, reaching for the fake bouquet of flowers he had, and setting them nicely into the flower holder that read

      “Kiran, hey,” It was Suri on the other line. When Kiran was silent, she kept going. “Hey, so um. I need to go over the set list with you.”

      “This really isn’t a good time,” Kiran said, looking up at where a few other souls have joined her. Even as spirits they prayed over the tombstone Kiran was remembering. 

      “Oh, I’m really sorry,” Suri said, genuinely apologizing. “Boss told me to call you, is there another time that’s good for you?” 

      Kiran smiled. She really was trying hard.

      “Can you make it fast? I really have a long schedule tonight.”

      “Yes! I’m going to go over the set list with you and let me know if you need to make changes.”

      It didn’t take her very long at all. She said the order Travlok put them in, Kiran made a couple adjustments, they decided practice dates, and the Suri was gone in a matter of minutes. 

      Elias crouched beside Kiran, “Everything good?” He asked, looking over to where Kiran was watching. Even though he couldn’t see anything, he knew she was looking at something.

      “Yeah, everything is fine. We need to continue on.” Kiran replied, pushing herself up off of the ground and brushing the dirt off of her pants. 

      “How often do you do this?” Elias asked, standing up as well.

      “I try every other week as least. The once I replace flowers for about maybe once a month. Those are spirits that have already moved on from this place.” She said simply. When they got to the car, she pressed both hands above the passenger side window and stretched, letting Kiara slide in front of her. It was weird if someone saw you hugging the air, so Kiran let them hug her in more...secret ways.

      You’re such a good person

, Kiara said, squeezing her tight. It was as if she was still here.

      “Not really,” Kiran said aloud, and Elias glanced over. 

      “Not really what?” He said, unlocking the car door.

      “I wasn’t talking to you,” Kiran replied, shooing Kiara away as she slid into the front seat.

      She dug into her front pocket and pulled a list out, crossing it off. “There are a few places we need to go.” She said, pointing to one address on the paper. “Take me here.”

      “Where is this?” Elias said, looking at his watch. “It’s 9pm.” 

      “This is a house I need to go to, so just take me there.”

      Elias had much more to say about it, but he kept his mouth shut. 

      When they arrived at the address, Kiran didn’t wait for Elias to turn off the car before she got out. “Just stay here,” She said.

      “Um no, I’m coming with you,” Elias replied, parking the car and turning it off. “Why don’t you want me to come.”

      “Because I don’t know these people, and one stranger is less scary than two.”

      “If you don’t know these people, then I’m definitely coming with you,” He said, not questioning the idea of why she’s here to begin with.

      Kiran stepped up to the doorstep, looking over at the spirit beside her. A beautiful woman with long hair, tan skin, blue eyes. She wore red lipstick and eyeliner, and a blue dress. She looked as if she had prepared for this night, though Kiran knew that wasn’t the case. A shame she had to be killed while looking so lovely. She pressed the doorbell.

      It was a few moments before the door opened, a woman peeking through the crack. “Can I help you?” She glanced at Elias nervously. 

      “Ma’am I’m really sorry for arriving this late, we aren’t solicitors and I tried to get this man to stay in the car, if he makes you nervous he can go back there. My name is Kiran Alderion, and I was asked to come here to speak with you.”

      The woman opened her mouth to speak but Kiran held up her hand. “If I told you who, you would shut the door in my face, and I’d rather if you just let me pass on the message so I can go home. I don’t even have to come inside.”

      The woman seemed irritated but curious, as they usually did. “Okay, go ahead then.”

      “I have a beautiful woman right here,” she gestured to the air next to her. “You can’t see her, but her name is Lillia Kingsly. She’s told me how you broke your arm falling off the monkey bars in first grade, how you were in love with a boy named Nathan Deller, and that you used to sing karaoke every night on your Minnie Mouse TV before bedtime.”

      The woman paused, looking absolutely confused, and irritated. “Look, I don’t know who sent you here, but I don’t have time for this,” she said, starting to close the door.

      “I’m not joking around with you, Merideth Reiley,” Kiran said, crossing her arms as she spoke the woman’s first and middle names. “Look, your mom wants to talk to you and I’m the only person that is willing to share the message.”

      The lady paused when Kiran said her name. “How do you know my first name? I haven’t gone my Merideth in years.”

      “Let me guess, you know by Marry. Which is stupid because your first name is prettier.” Kiran rolled her eyes. “I’ve already told you why I’m here, I’m not explaining to you anything else unless you talk to your damn mom.” Kiran was getting irritated too. “It’s late and I have other houses I need to visit so these spirits stop bothering me.”

      Lilla laughed softly and placed her hand on Kiran’s shoulder. Perhaps she had been a bit of a pest to the poor girl, but standing here now, it was all worth it.

      Meridith waited a moment before opening the door further. “Come in,” She said, gesturing towards the living room. “Can I get you something to drink?”

      “It’s okay, like I said I really need to go. So I’m just going to start.” Kiran cleared her throat, looking over at Lillia, who took a seat next to her. “Also please don’t take over my body, I’m not in the mood for it.”

      Meridith gave Kiran a strange look but didn’t say anything.

      “First of all she says she misses you. She hasn’t been able to move on because she misses you so much. She’s watched you grow, fall in love, get heart broken, learn to love again, get married, and have her three beautiful grandchildren. She says Michah is her favorite because he’s the most crazy out of the three, always doing crazy things and getting in trouble, but she says he is also the most humble. She says he watches him because of the danger he puts himself in, and says he’s having a hard time at school. He doesn’t tell you, but people pick on him and have bullied him for a few years.” Kiran took in a deep breath, “Slow down Lillia. I can only talk so fast.”

      Meridith looked very concerned, but didn’t say anything.

      “Karla’s idea to become a lifeguard really makes Lillia smile, she said that the baby has always been a swimmer. She wishes she could give her the idea to go pursue something out in the ocean, like marine biology. And the youngest, Jayla, is very smart. She says you should teach her how to play the piano, that she would catch on immediately.”

      Meridith had her head resting on her knee. Kiran could see the tears in her eyes already.

      “She said she misses you a lot and has enjoyed seeing you do so well throughout the years. She has always been by your side, and she hears you every night. But now that she isn’t worried about you anymore, she says it’s time for her to go.” Kiran looked at Meridith. “She says it’s okay, you can let go now.” Kiran paused. “And also that she’s sorry she had to leave you so early in your life.” Kiran paused again, “And also that you need to keep those white and blue flowers on her grave because she likes those best.”

      Meridith had started crying. Lillia stood from the couch and went over to comfort her daughter. She had died so young, she looked about the same age as Meridith now. “That’s all,” Kiran said softly. “I’m sorry.”

      She watched as Lillia hugged Meridith, soothing her tears. She wondered if Meridith could feel her there. 

      “Thank you,” she said finally, looking up at Kiran. “Thank you. I’m grateful that you came. If there’s anything I can do-” 

      Kiran held up her hand. “Don’t worry about it. It’s okay.”

      “No, I insist,” Meridith said, grabbing a post-it and writing her phone number down. “Anything, please call me.”

      Kiran took the post-it and looked at it, surprised when Meridith came over to give her a hug. “Thank you.”

      “You’re welcome. I have to go now,” Kiran said, standing up. “Thank you for letting me in.” She looked over to where Lillia stood and was smiling at her. She mouthed the words

giving Kiran a small bow before wisping away like fog in the wind. She was gone.

      Kiran half smiled, heading towards the front door. “Don’t confront your son,” she said, resting her hand on the door. “He’ll be embarrassed. You’re probably a better mom than my parents.  Just… Talk to him, but don’t blame him for anything. Talk to him like he’s your best friend, not your son.” She opened the door. “Take care.”

      Back at the car, Kiran crossed a name off her list. She turned to look in the backseat where three other spirits sat. “Okay, one down,” she said, looking over at Elias. “Three to go.”

-------------------------------------------------------------------

      At the theater, the movie played. It was good in the beginning, but Saturn got distracted easily. She had been watching Dorian for a while, not being able to concentrate much on the movie at all. Maybe it was the light, but be looked a lot more handsome. More so than usual.

      Their relationship wasn’t enough for Saturn anymore. She never truly thought about it until now, how he had been taking care of her all this time. Always worrying, always asking if she’s okay. Always letting her stay over. Always taking her drugs away. She hadn’t always been grateful for him. She’d taken advantage of him, of his company, of his kindness. And yet, all this time, he’d been by her side. Always there to catch her when she fell.

      Dorian glanced over at her, and she tried to play it off as if she hadn’t been staring at him this whole time. He knew, he always knew, and he put his arm behind her shoulders. He pulled her close. 

      She thought about the rest of the band, and even though she had always considered Kiran her best friend, thinking it over made her reconsider. But then again, she had abandoned Kiran too. So, she took her reconsideration back.

      She hadn’t realized how long the film had been going on. Soon enough, the credits rolled. 

      “Dorian,” Saturn said when the lights came on, having a sly smile on her lips. “Was the movie good?”

      “Were you not watching it?” Dorian asked, faking surprise.

      “Not really, I was too busy looking at your big bald head,” She said with a laugh.

      “Was it too shiny for you?” He replied, rolling his eyes. 

      “Dorian,” Saturn said again, letting out a long breath. “I want to ask you something.”

      Dorian turned in his seat so that he was towards Saturn. “Yeah, anything.”

      “What… Are we? What can we be?” Saturn asked, holding her hands together.

      “What are we?” Dorian repeated, resting his hand on his chin. “We can be whatever you want us to be, I suppose. We’ve been long time friends, I don’t see a problem with us being anything else.”

      Saturn’s heart fluttered. “You mean it? No take backs!” She leaned back in the chair. “Okay then, it’s settled.”

      “Okay then,” Dorian said with a nod. “I’ll have to bring you back here next week so you can actually watch the movie, then. I mean you picked it out.”

      Saturn rolled her eyes and stood up. “C’mon,” she said, checking her phone to see if there were any messages from Kiran. None, as figured, so she dropped her phone into her bag and headed down the theater steps and into the lobby.

      “You’re walking so fast,” Dorian said, jogging to catch up with her. “Did something happen?” He asked in a concerned tone.

      “Something did happen, but I’ll have to tell you in the car,” She said, smirking.

      When they got to the car, Saturn stepped up to Dorian before he could open the door. She stepped up onto her tip toes and leaned into him, gently pressing her lips against his for just a moment before she pulled away. “Sorry, I just couldn’t help it,” she said softly. “There is something that I wanted to tell you,” she said, turning to move to the passenger side, but getting pulled back as Dorian held onto her wrist.

      “You can tell me here,” he said, holding her hand up and twirling her around in a circle, pulling her closer. “I have something to tell you too.”

      “I’m going to go with Kiran to therapy,” she said, looking down at the pavement. “And I know I didn’t want to before, but I’m looking into going into a rehab center. Kiran needs to go too, I think maybe we can go together,” She said, finally looking up at him. 

      Dorian smiled, “I think that’s an amazing idea,” he said, genuinely happy. “I’m glad you finally made that decision.”

      He pulled Saturn into a hug, kissing the top of her head before resting his cheek on it. He hugged her tightly. Maybe the bad days would be over. Maybe he wouldn’t have to worry anymore, or be scared for her life. Maybe he could finally just relax and have her by his side and just be...happy. 

      “What were you going to tell me,” Saturn said finally, speaking against his chest. She could hear his heartbeat.

      Dorian pushed Saturn back, holding her by her shoulders and looking down at her. “I just wanted to tell you that you’ve been making progress, a lot of progress. You’ve been having a hard time, but going through it all on your own so far, and I just want to say that I am so, so proud of you. I really am. I mean it, too. I am

      Saturn smiled up at him, her heart pounding in her chest. “Well…”

      Before she could say anything else, he leaned down and pulled her into a kiss.

      Two days a week Saturn came to Kiran’s house, picked her up early, and took her to therapy. They’d sit in the waiting room for at least 30 minutes before she’d get pulled back to talk to her psychiatrist. It wasn’t a fun conversation, Kiran hated every minute of it. It felt as if someone was prying into her life, but for some reason she felt like she could share her deep secrets with the lady, even though she didn’t want to. She couldn’t say the visits helped, but maybe they did ease her of all the tension she had. Unfortunately for the psychiatrist, Kiran couldn’t stop being who she was. Since the incident, something was ticking down in the back of her mind. She was doing her best to hide it, but whatever it was, it was strong. She was out of it, for sure. 

      Whenever Kiran would come home, her and Elias would appeal to the Spirit’s whims. She hadn’t been the good Medium for a while, and now it was as if she were catching up on a lot of late work. They replaced flowers and traveled all over to people’s homes. She wanted them to be happy, but more importantly she wanted them out of her house. She had gotten used to the voices, the touches, the looks, but she wondered what it would be like to just be alone without anyone around. In silence.

      In the middle of the first week, practice came. The group met up at The Garage, but it wasn’t the same as usual. Everyone seemed uneasy. When everyone was ready, Kiran stepped up to her mic stand and spun it around on the base edges. 

      “What the hell is the matter with everyone,” Kiran said into the mic, casting glances at the members. “You guys zombies? We’re at practice, let’s do this shit, or do you guys not enjoy it anymore?” 

      “We’re just worried about you,” Saturn said, leaning against the wall. “You literally died a week ago.”

      “Yeah, well I’m not dead,” Kiran said, twirling the mic stand around the other way. She wasn’t, but she felt like she was. 

      “Okay girl,” Saturn said, stepping up to Kiran. “Let’s do this.”

      And the music rolled. 

      The days working up to the concert seemed tougher than any other time. They decided as a group to take a break after this performance, it was just getting harder and harder. Kiran wanted more, she guessed the greater beings of the world heard her and gave her exactly what she wanted. But after The Colosseum, she wasn’t sure anymore. None of them were sure. They wanted to go back.

      It was nice being known, that’s for sure. Their music traveled, people from other states were going to come see them. That wasn’t something they had before, and it was really nice. But maybe they needed to slow down.

      Saturn had looked into a rehab center for both her and Kiran. Kiran refused to go, so she decided it would be a slow work in for her. However, Saturn had gone to check it out twice that second week. She hadn’t realized how hard it would be on her own. She did well hiding how she was from the others, but when she was by herself, everything went to hell. She’d tried getting more cocaine four times the past two weeks, and had to force herself not to. Probably one of the hardest decisions of her life. Her tremors were still there, her body ached. She wondered if she’d ever feel normal again.

      Elias spent his nights with Kiran, watching over her as she screamed in her sleep. He was sure she had PTSD, though she’d never show it while she was awake. But at night, it was there. She was terrified, something in her dreams always tormenting her. He stayed up most of the night, every night, just in case she woke up and tried to run away. She never did, but the day she got away from him would be the day he decided to rest. He was tired, but he carried on for her, and for the band. He’d take naps in the breakroom. It wasn’t enough, but it had to be.

      Dorian always had his eyes on Saturn. He decided to be more lenient with her, letting her go off and do what she wanted, not always staying by her side. She was an adult, after all. And he trusted her. But it killed him to let her go. Every day at home he’d worry, though he kept telling himself he wouldn’t have to. He always was waiting for that phone call to come at 4am, even though it stopped happening. Nothing would put his mind at ease. 

      Kiran knew she wasn’t right in the head. She was ready to quit. She was ready for this to be over. She wanted that high, and she wanted it bad. Like Saturn, her withdrawals were nothing to ignore. Even know, her mic stand shook in her hands. She locked herself in her room every day, at least two hours where Elias couldn’t see her. She’d shake, pace, vomit, and think of things from the past. She’d think she see him there in her room, ready to grab her by her neck. Sometimes she’d feel it happening. She just wanted everything to stop.

      When the day came, everyone treated it like their last. Kiran pulled on her buckled down boots over these ripped stockings she had, made her eyes smokey black, and grabbed a trench coat from her closet. She was going all in. Saturn had her see-through top and a bra that looked like a bat, her devil horns, tail, and fishnet stockings under a pair or leather shorts. Dorian went shirtless for the first time, and Elias made good use of Kiran’s black eyeshadow. They weren’t ready, but it was already time. 

      When the announcer said their name, they could hear the crowd cheer. They were screaming. It was

. They could only guess how many people were there. The venue wasn’t as big as The Colosseum, probably about half that size. They wondered how many people couldn’t get tickets to this concert.

      Taking the stage, they could see all the silhouettes. The people crammed into the room. The people outside the venue by the door. Suri had set up speakers outside so that they could hear it too. They were gonna let everyone hear their music one last time. 

      “Are you okay?” Suri spoke in Kiran’s ear, watching her from the side stage where she had her equipment set up. 

      “Mic’s good,” Kiran replied, tapping it with her finger and pulling the cord over to the side.

      “Not that, are

okay? You seem tense.”

      Kiran looked over to where Suri was standing. “Yeah, I’m good. Thanks,” she replied, letting out a deep breath. “I’m ready.”

      Kiran raised her hand and let her eyes close, and then the music started. Just a few chords in, and already the crowd was engaged, shouting the first part of the song.

      Kiran smiled, gripping the mic in her hands. She was going to miss this part of performances.

“You could think that I’m a freak

When I’m talking to myself

But it’s like I was too weak to be someone else”

“You can think that I’m a creep

When I’m singing all along

But it’s like I couldn’t see straight

Saturn stepped up behind Kiran, gently touching her back for a moment before picking up the background vocals.

When I fall, it starts again

When I feel like I’m just dead

When I go, it comes again

The crowd raised their hands, bringing the chorus all the way out to the lobby.

“It’s in my head

There’s something that saves me all the time

It appears when I’m breaking down

Like a whisper in my head, coming from I don’t know where

Like a whisper in my head, when I’ve got something to share

Like a whisper in my head

      That night was the first night Kiran actually felt alive in a while. She went through all the songs perfectly without fail, feeling the music through her. She danced, jumped, shook her hair out of it’s slicked back mess. She grabbed Saturn during a guitar solo and made out with her, sending the crowd wild. She did everything she’d never done before, and loved every moment of it. She was sad when it all ended.

--------------------------------------------------

      After the performance, they went to a bar, Travlok’s treat. They laughed, more than they had in the past month. 

      “And then she said, ‘I think I’m a lesbian,’” Saturn was saying, laughing so hard she couldn’t breathe. “And I was like, ‘Then kiss me and find out,’ and then she was like ‘um… no,’” Saturn put her head on the table, crying she was laughing so hard.

      “So then like, why did she even bring it up,” Kiran giggled, downing her third White Russian. 

      “I have no idea!” Saturn pushed herself back up and waved at the waiter.

      “You guys are going to make me broke,” Travlok said, rolling his eyes. He picked up his mug and pleasantly sipped the beer in it. 

      Dorian reached over and supported Saturn’s back in case she decided to lean too far back. “So then what happened?” He asked, starting Saturn’s laughter up again.

      “Literally nothing, I just walked away,” she replied. When the waiter came over, she ordered two more drinks for everyone. 

      “I’ll take mine to go,” Kiran said, leaning on the counter. She was having fun, but she had some things set in the back of her mind, and the alcohol couldn’t keep her distracted anymore. 

      “You done already?” Saturn said, leaning over to Kiran and taking her hands. 

      Kiran looked at the clock. “It’s been two hours,” she laughed. “I gotta go home.”

      Elias slid off the bar stool and helped Kiran down. “We’ll see you guys later,” he said, holding onto Kiran’s hand.

      Kiran waited for her drinks and handed one to Elias before following him out of the bar.

      When he got to her house he went to put the car in park, but Kiran put her hand over the key. “You can’t stay tonight.”

      “What are you talking about?” Elias said, worry flashing in his eyes. 

      “There’s something I need to do, and I don’t want you here.”

      “Then I’ll stay right here,” Elias said, leaning the seat back. 

      “Is there any way I can get you to go home?” Kiran said, drinking the drink in her cup. She screwed up her face, expecting another White Russian but getting something totally different. 

      “Nope. I’ll be right here in case you decide you need me.” He pulled Kiran down into a kiss before letting her go. “I trust you.”

      Kiran smiled and stepped out of the car, “That’s a bad thing you know, trust,” she said before shutting the door.

      When she got inside and flipped the lights on, the spirits were there.

      “I need all of you shits to get out,” Kiran said, the alcohol rolling off her lips.

      There weren’t as many as before, about three or four now, but Kiran had enough. “I just want Kiara here.”

      The spirits watched her for a moment before disappearing.

Maybe next time we’ll go free,

they thought. Kiran sighed.

      What’s the matter,

Kiara spoke softly, walking up to where Kiran was. 

      “I have to let you go now,” Kiran said, looking up at Kiara.

      What are you talking about?

Kiara seemed panicked. 

      “You heard me. You have to move on.”

      Kiara grabbed Kiran’s shoulders.

      I don’t understand, why are you talking about this? You’ve been drinking, I don’t think you’re thinking.

Kiara wrapped her arms around her sister.

      “You have to move on,” Kiran repeated, taking her drink and walking through Kiara, up to the bedroom.

      Kiara followed, running to get in front of her, in front of her bedroom door.

Please don’t do this, I love you too much.

      “Love me from the other side, sis,” Kiran said, reaching through her body and opening her bedroom door.

      Long ago, after the car crash, Kiran learned about binding souls. Since she could see the spirits she always was studying them, learning about how to keep them around, learning how to let them go. Kiara had a necklace she always wore, and young Kiran kept it all these years to keep her sister with her, always. She couldn’t let her go before, but now she knew. It was time.

      Kiran please,

Kiara begged. She was crying.

      “I have to, Kiara. I just… I just want to be alone. I love you so much, you know this. But you can’t stay here forever.” Kiran walked over to her bedside table and opened up a small jewelry box, pulling the necklace out and watching it spin as she held the chain between her fingertips.

      Kiara was on the floor next to her, holding onto her.

I don’t want to go,

      “Don’t cry, Kiara, I don’t want to be haunted by you.” Kiran said, pushing through Kiara and going back downstairs.

      Kiara met her there, curled up with her knees to her chest on Kiran’s couch.

Why are you doing this to me. I don’t know where I’m going to go, Kiran. I’m scared.

      Kiran pulled one of the kitchen drawers open and grabbed the hammer in it, looking over her shoulder back at Kiara. 

      “You’re going to go somewhere away from this stupid world,” Kiran said, looking down and rubbing the emrald stone with her thumb. “You’ll be safer there. You’ll be happy there.”

      I’m happy with you,

Kiran cried, suddenly at Kiran’s side.

      “Sorry, Kiara… I love you.”

      Kiran broke the chain and set the necklace down on the counter. Kiara was gripping onto Kiran, pressing dents into her arm and shoulder. She was crying, begging Kiran, but Kiran couldn’t hear her words anymore. She brought the hammer up, pausing for a moment to look at Kiara one more time. She smiled as she smashed the stone into pieces.

------------------------------------------------------         Saturn was smiling. She was so drunk, and she was loving every second of it. She had her arms around Dorian’s shoulders as they danced, slow, the music a rocking beat that made them sway. Dorian’s head was resting against hers, the perfect spot. She was so happy, she hoped she would remember this when she became sober.        “Dorian,” She said, peeking up at him.

      “Yes?” he replied, peeking down at her as well. 

      “Can we go to bed?” Saturn asked, her cheeks salmon red.

      “I thought you wanted to dance?” He was smiling now.

      “I did, but now I want to go to bed,” Saturn said, burying her head in his chest.

      “It’s only been five minutes,” Dorian replied.

      “I know… Well I didn’t know that but now I know,” The words rolled off her tongue in a slur.

      “Why do you want to go to bed all of a sudden?” Curiosity bounced off his lips.

      “Because I want to go to

, with you, Dorian,” She probably would have been embarrassed if she were in her right mind.

      “Oh, I see,” He nodded his head in understanding. “I don’t think we can go to

, but we can definitely go to

      “No no no,”  Saturn was flustered, “I want to go to

      Dorian shook his head. “You’re drunk, you don’t know what you want. You wanted to dance, now you don’t, how can I believe you want to go to

      “Because, Dorian, you thick headed drummer, I love you.”

      They fell silent, the soft classical music still played although they no longer danced. Saturn’s sober conscious caused her to press her head against his chest again and shut her eyes in embarrassment, while Saturn’s drunk conscious closed her eyes because if she couldn’t see him, he couldn’t see her either.

      “I don’t understand what you said, could you say that again?” Dorian asked again, a half smile forming on his lips.

      “I said,” Saturn started again, her voice muffled against his bare chest. “I love you. I am in love with you. Do you get it?”

      Dorian nodded slowly. “I get it. But you’re also drunk still, so-”

      Saturn’s head shot up, bonking him in the chin. They separated, Dorian holding his hand against his jaw and Saturn hugging the top of her head. 

      “OW,” they said together.

      Saturn started laughing, and though her head still hurt, it still was hilarious.

      “Listen,” She said, looking into Dorian’s eyes. “I’m serious, okay? I know I’m drunk but it just helps this situation play out better, yeah? You haven’t said anything either, you know, way to just hurt a girl’s feelings,” she put her hands on her hips and made a pouty face.

      Dorian smiled and slid his jacket off, dropping it into the chair behind him. “I haven’t, have I?” He said, stepping up to Saturn, who was definitely looking at his shirtless chest and heating up like a toaster. 

      He slid his arms around Saturn’s waist and pulled her close to him, holding her tight against him. He could feel her staggered breathing against his skin. One hand slid up the back of her shirt while the other moved down and below her rear. Suddenly, he lifted her up and her legs instantly wrapped around his waist. He turned and dropped down into the chair that was behind Saturn, holding her in his lap. His fingers traced her warm cheek and moved hair behind her ear. He pulled her in close, his lips against her ear.

      “ Mrrrow,” Anvil was bored, rubbing on his owner’s legs and pawing at his knees.        Travlok glanced down and scooped up the cat and held him in his lap. “We can space the gigs out, once a month?”       Suri shook her head, “Kiran said she didn’t want to do it for a while, remember? You can’t force someone to do something, then they end up like… she is right now. Have you seen her lately?”       Travlok looked down at his cat, “She’s going to rehab?”       “No, Saturn is. Kiran won’t go. Why aren’t you keeping up with her all of a sudden? Are you like, afraid of fragile people?”       Travlok raised an eyebrow, “I think Kiran is anything but fragile,” he said, scooping a bite of pancake into his mouth.       “You’re wrong. If you think that you’re blind, and should promote me to manager.” Suri replied, reaching to his keys and pointed to his “manager” keychain, motioning with two fingers for him to hand it over.        “No way, techie, I’ve been this band’s manager for a long while,” He said, drinking his coffee. “Besides, you said there won’t be a band for a while. So, you can be the manager of my cat,” He picked up Anvil and handed him over the table to Suri, who held him out at full arms reach.        “I don’t think your cat wants me to be his manager,” Suri said, looking at Anvil, who had a very upset expression on his face.       “Well, that’s too bad, you’re promoted.” Travlok pushed his keys across the table and poked the “manager” keychain with his finger. “You can’t have this one but I’ll get you one,” he said with a short laugh.        Suri rolled her eyes and set Anvil on the floor, who meowed in response. “You’re so cruel, no wonder the band wants to quit.”       Travlok put his hand over his chest, “That was the worst thing you’ve ever said to me,” He said, putting on a facade. “I’m truly hurt.”       “Sure you are. But seriously. I think that was it, Boss.”       Travlok set his hand down on the table and looked down at his food. He wasn’t ready for there to be an end. Not now, at the rate they were going. But maybe the rate they were going was, in fact, the route to their demise. He let out a deep sigh. “I don’t want it to end.”       “None of us do,” Suri said, pushing her plate to the side and reaching out a hand to pat his arm. “It’s okay though. I’m sure they’ll get back together in the future, with lots of fans to support it.”       “Yeah, we’ll see.”       Travlok picked up his and Suri’s dishes and put them in the sink, looking down at them for a moment. “I guess I should call and check on them all, especially after last night.”       “Yeah, probably,” Suri said, rolling her eyes. “Don’t make me do it for you again.”       “I mean, you are manager now,” Travlok said with a hearty laugh.        “And you’re still an ass.”       Travlok reached for his phone, checking the time first before unlocking the screen.        “Okay, fine. You win, Boss.”------------------------------------------------------------------------       They had fallen asleep on the couch last night after watching a movie. Drunk Saturn slowly turned to Sober Saturn as her eyes fluttered open. She let out a yawn, stretching her arms over her head in a big stretch. She was on top of Dorian, panic swarming in her brain until she realized she was still in her pajamas. She let out a relieved sigh, although she always knew in the back of her mind that he would never take advantage of her, even if she wanted to. Thinking back on last night, she genuinely had a good time.        They danced, they kissed, they played games, they watched movies, ate popcorn, drank lots of water, and never went to bed.  Overall, she had a ten-out-of-ten night.       She sat up on the couch and looked around, not seeing any dirty dishes anywhere. He was always cleaning up right away, she never got the chance to help pick up anything. She leaned forward and reached for the remote resting on the coffee table, glancing over at Dorian still sleeping, for once. He always woke up early and made breakfast. This time, she thought, she would be the one making breakfast.       She stood up, leaving the remote where it was on the table and practically skipping into the kitchen. She flipped the lights, heading to the pantry and opening it up, not seeing anything that she knew she could cook with, so she went to the fridge instead. She knew how to make eggs, so she pulled them out and got started on some eggs. Then she checked the freezer for anything useful there and found some dinner rolls, but she figured that they would be just as good with some eggs, so she pulled them out too. She pulled out the orange juice, the sausage patties when she realized they were under the dinner rolls, and also some blueberries. Breakfast was going to be awesome.       It was, until she burnt the sausage and smoked up the house so bad that the smoke alarm went off.       Dorian was up in an instant, throwing the blanket off of him and standing upright in the living room. “Saturn?” he called, opening the front door and fanning the air out with his arm.       “Yeah…?” Saturn called back, trying to at least save the eggs after she almost spilled orange juice all over them.       “What are you doing?” Dorian called back, now swinging the door back and forth and fanning the smoke that way.       “Making breakfast,” Saturn called back, swinging around and smacking the orange juice bottle with her elbow, bringing it down onto the kitchen floor. “God damnit!!” She shouted.       “I can see that,” Dorian called. He left the front door open and went into the kitchen, absolutely shocked at what he was looking at.        Orange juice on the floor, smoke in the air, black sausage on the counter, eggs everywhere, and then the oven beeped.       “Hey, I think the rolls are done,” Saturn said, nearly slipping on the orange juice as she moved over to the oven and slid on an oven mitt. She reached into the oven and pulled the rolls out, looking like absolute perfection.       “Tah-dah!” She said with a grin. “Breakfast!”       Dorian blinked, “Beautiful,” he said, gesturing to the counter for her to put the rolls on. “If you don’t mind, I need to clean up all this stuff so we can eat more than just rolls for breakfast,” He said, glancing at Saturn as she made a pouty face. “Please?” He shooed her with his hands, and finally she turned and went back into the living room.       Unfortunately for Dorian, she came back with all the towels in the closet. “I’m gonna help clean,” she said, throwing half of the stack down on the floor all over the orange juice.       Dorian stared at the towels and shook his head, “Okay,” he said, smearing the orange juice around with all the towels until it came up off the floor.        When everything was said and done, breakfast was made. The two sat in the living room, talking about the cartoon they were watching, when Saturn’s phone went off.        “Erlo?” Saturn said with a mouthful.       “Hey bud, it’s Travlok, I’m just checking to see how you are,” Travlok’s husky voice spoke on the other side of the line. “Are you busy?”       “No just eating breakfast,” Saturn replied, “What’s up? Also I’m doing pretty good, thanks for checking.       “Good to know kiddo, have you heard anything from the other gal?” He asked, and Saturn’s heart clenched up in her chest.        “No…” She said, glancing over at Dorian. “Why? What’s happening?”       “Nothing that I know of, I’ve tried calling but keep getting sent to voicemail, she won’t answer me so I was wondering if you had talked to her.”       “I… I haven’t,” she set her plate down. “Maybe I’ll try giving her a call for you? I’ll let you know.”       “Thanks, kiddo. See you later,” Travlok said, hanging up the phone.       Saturn stared at her phone for a moment.        “Don’t,” Dorian said, reaching over and touching Saturn’s shoulder. “If it’s Kiran, just let her be, she just wants to be alone. I think it’s best that way, she’s had a lot going on. We all have, I think she doesn’t take it as well as the rest of us do.”       Saturn nodded slowly, setting her phone down. She was worried, sure, but she knew Dorian knew best. He was the wisest of all of them. “Okay, you win! Except at this game, cause I’m going to,” she said, pointing to the console on the entertainment center.  "Start it up!”----------------------------------------------------------------------       Kiran woke up to her phone buzzing. She declined it, and tried going back to sleep, though her phone woke her up each time. She declined the next two, and luckily it stopped after that. Her cheeks were stained from last night’s tears and smeared eyeliner. She pulled herself out of bed and put on a change of clothes.  This is it,  she thought, slicking her hair back just as she had done at the concert. She pulled the heavy coat on and one glove, leaving her other hand bare as she reached for her phone.       She scrolled through her contacts and landed on one name she hadn’t dialed in a while. “Morion”. She waited a moment and then rolled past it to another one. “Nix”. She hit call and raised the phone to her ear.       “Kiran?” The girl’s voice sounded after the second ring. “What the hell is going on? I haven’t heard from you in a long time!”       “Hey girl,” Kiran said, a smug look on her face. “Can you tell me where Morion is? I haven’t heard from him in a while,” she said, trying her best to sound sad.       “Oh my gosh! Yes, he got put in the hospital cause his face was really messed up but they let him go a couple days ago. He should be home. What’s going on? Are you two doing okay?”       Kiran felt sick. “Yeah, we’re fine, I just… am worried about him.”       “Yeah, he should be home! Go check on him and get back with me,” She heard Nix inhale deeply. Probably smoking something delicious.        “Will do…” Kiran went to end the call but heard Nix speak again.       “And Kiran, we need to see you more. You’re one of us, you know?”        One of us,  Kiran frowned. “Yeah sure, sometime soon. Gotta go, see you,” Kiran said, handing up. She dropped her phone on the dresser and pulled the second glove over her hand. She pulled the top dresser drawer open and looked down into it, a rabbit’s face looking back at her. She pulled the mask from the drawer and held it in front of her, staring into its soulless eyes before she headed down the stairs.        Elias was still in the driveway. Of course he was, he would never leave her alone in the house. He had stayed up as long as he could before his body gave up on him. He was dreaming deeply, picturing the band together and happy. Everyone just enjoying themselves. Everyone well. Playing songs that make you feel good, not remind you of the past or of your mistakes. He woke to the sound of tapping on his window. He blinked his eyes open, holding one hand over them as he looked out to see Kiran’s face staring down at him. He sat up and opened the door.       “Where you goin?” He asked, looking over Kiran’s attire. He glanced at the mask in her hand. “You still have that?”       Kiran smiled, “Yeah, I was feeling nostalgic,” she said, putting the mask on and making two peace signs with her fingers. “Remember when we all wore these? I thought it was a fitting piece for my outfit.”       “It works very well,” Elias said, pushing the mask up to rest on top of Kiran’s head. He ran his thumb across her cheeks, wiping the eyeliner she hadn’t bothered to wash off.       “You goin’ somewhere?”       Kiran tilted her head. “Actually, I want you to take me on a date,” She said with a smile that made Elias’ heart melt.       “Dressed like that? Not that there’s anything wrong with that,” Elias said, cupping Kiran’s face in his hands. “Anywhere you want to go,” He said, letting out a yawn. “Just tell me where and I’ll take you.”        They went to the fair. Kiran had seen advertisements for it on her way to therapy and decided it was a place she wanted to go. She learned that Elias was very good at the dart game and she got two prizes from it. They went on the ferris wheel, and she let him kiss her when they got to the top. They rode rides, ate cotton candy, had expensive hot dogs, went to the petting zoo, and all again a second time. They were there until dark.        “I had such a good time,” Kiran said, stepping up on her toes and giving Elias a long kiss.       “I’m glad,” Elias replied, handing Kiran’s slushy back to her.       “I need you to take me somewhere else now,” Kiran said, her expression fading into a serious one. “I need you to take me to Morion’s house.”       “ Excuse me, ” Elias said, stopping. “What the hell did you say?”       “I need you to take me to Morion’s house. For several reasons. I’m going to end it with him and cut him off.” Kiran said, frowning. “I need you to trust me.”       Elias’s heart hurt every time she said to trust her. “Why do you throw this on me after this,” he said, looking down at all the stuff they got from the fair, all crammed into this bag they also got from the fair.       “Because I wanted you to be happy before I asked you to do this.” Kiran said, resting her hand on Elias’ cheek. “Please, take me there. I need to do this.”       Elias let out a deep sigh. They walked back to the car in silence and loaded up the back with all the prizes and left over food before getting into the front. He turned on the radio, all the thoughts racing through his mind as he thought of reasons why Kiran would want to go back to that god forsaken place. But whatever it was, it must have been important.       He pulled up to the house but not into the driveway, as were Kiran’s orders.        “I’ll be right back, I just have to do this to ease my mind. My therapist told me to do this.” Kiran said, and she wasn’t lying. She shut the door.        Let go,  was the first step. All the spirits were gone.  Face your fear,  was step two.       She stepped up to the doorway and pulled her keys out of her pocket, finding the spare that Morion gave her and putting it into the lock. Lucky for her, all the lights were off. She pulled her mask down and stepped inside.       She shut the door behind her, letting her eyes adjust before she scanned the area. No sign of him anywhere. Good, she thought. She headed into his kitchen and opened a couple drawers, looking for anything useful. She thought about grabbing a knife just in case, but went against it. Not finding anything of use to her, she went up the stairs, slowly stepping up each one, silently. She moved down the hallway and towards where his bedroom was.        She cracked the door open and heard him before she saw him. Probably because of his face, he was snoring. She slid into the room and shut the door. She crept around the bed, gently taking a pillow from that side and then moving back over to where he was.       “You’re a fool to hurt me,” Kiran whispered, kneeling down next to him. “You’re a fool.”       Before he had time to wake fully, her arm was against his neck, and the pillow was over his face. He was suffocating.

      Suri had gone back to The Colosseum. She really enjoyed being there. The way the music echoed and bounced back to her, the largeness of the place. There was so much space, it made her feel incredibly small. She went for the practice, running through all the bands songs again and again as if there were some chance they would perform again suddenly. She had written some music of her own, and she couldn’t wait until she got the chance to ask Kiran if they could play them.

      The second reason she went back to that venue wasn’t just because of it’s beauty and features. It was also because of Joseph. The “gentleman-in-the-venue”, as Travlok called him, had been her main squeeze. She wouldn’t admit it, but she honestly liked Joseph. He was a kind guy, and incredibly helpful. She had never met someone else as excited about the tech in the sound booth as she was, and he knew a lot about it too. Every time she went there, they always got caught up in talking about the equipment, their conversation always trailing, and going on and on, and she enjoyed every second of it. The Colosseum was where she belonged.

      “What do you think,” Suri said to Joseph, reaching an arm out and pointing to the light pattern on the stage. “I’m thinking for the chorus of this song using this to put emphasis on the lyrics.

      “Wow, that looks awesome. It really does add to the emotion,” Joseph replied, nodding his head in approval. 

      They had been listening to the band’s songs on repeat for the past two hours, messing with the lights and sound. Anyone could say she was

prepared for the next performance. 

      “I think for track 5 you should change the color scheme,” Joseph said, pointing to the list of notes. 

      “How come? I thought the purple was a good choice,” Suri replied, glancing back at Joseph.

      “No, I know we picked purple before, but hearing the song again and again, hearing the strain in the singer’s voice, I think a red-orange overtone fits better.” Joseph leaned over and pushed the forward button, switching the song.

      They listened to the music in silence. Joseph had his eyes closed, nodding to the music in time with the beat. Hearing it so many times, he even learned the words to the song, mouthing them in a quiet whisper as the track played.

      “Why don’t you take up a techie position,” Suri said suddenly, her eyes watching him. He always flowed with music, and she could tell he enjoyed it. “I mean…” She swallowed, “you could always work with me.”

      Joseph opened his eyes, smiling at Suri. “I think that would be a cool idea,” he said, rubbing his chin. “I never had the confidence though to run the sound booth. That’s why I have this job, so I can watch the musicians without worrying about messing up their performance.”

      “You could just be my apprentice,” Suri said with a grand smile. “You know what you’re doing. You like doing it, don’t lie, I know you’re enjoying every minute of this,” she said, turning fully to face him.

      “Yeah, because I’m doing it with you,” Joseph said, his face turning red. Suri didn’t think he meant to say that out loud.

      Suri was silent for a moment, her smile never fading. She turned back to the board and moved one of the controls up just a notch. “I agree with you,” she said softly. “That red-orange fits the song well.”

      She could hear him letting out a held-in breath. She laughed softly. They both did.

--------------------------------------------------------------

      Travlok rested in his armchair, Anvil in his lap. He had Suri’s “Manager” keychain twirling around in his fingers as he watched the news. He looked down on it, a light smile on his face. The girl never got the credit she deserved. After all, she had run the band more than he had once she came along. He figured since she was so organized, he had let himself slack. He hadn’t even bother to call Kiran again. He wondered if Suri had. 

      “Young man found dead in his home, overdosed,” He heard on the TV, glancing up at it and seeing a familiar body. School pictures and pictures pulled from social media were up on the screen. Morion. A young woman was talking to the news lady, her being the one that found him, tears staining her cheeks. Travlok recognized this person as someone Kiran used to hang out with. Her name was something strange… Nix, he thought. 

      Travlok sat upright, pushing the bottom of his recliner back into the base and slowly standing up. He reached for his phone in his pocket, pulling it out and unlocking the screen. He stared at it blankly for several moments, Anvil’s meow catching his attention again.

      “I don’t know why I can’t do it, buddy,” He said, looking down at the grey cat. Anvil meowed again in response. 

      “I really don’t know, I’ve known the kids for so long you’d think it was easy. I guess the reality of it all hits harder than I thought.”

      He walked into the kitchen to pour himself his second cup of coffee. “Everything isn’t as okay as I thought it was.”

      Anvil meowed and rubbed against Travlok’s legs.

      “Yeah I will, I will. I’ll call soon enough. I need to finish my breakfast first.”

      Anvil raised up and stretched his legs out to touch Travlok’s thighs. His claws came through his pants and he could feel the sharp daggers against his skin for just a moment before the cat went back down to the floor. He meowed.

      “Okay I’ll do it now,” he said finally. 

      Travlok unlocked his phone again and scrolled through his contacts. The first person he wanted to call was Suri, so he did.

      “Boss,” Suri said on the other line. “What’s up? Are you slacking again?”

      Travlok chuckled. “Always,” he said, sipping his coffee. “What’s going on with you today?”

      “At The Colosseum today again, hanging out with Joseph,” She said, and a faint “Hi” was heard in the background.

      “Ah, that gentleman at the venue, nice.”

      “Boss, there’s a couple songs I want you to hear. I think while the band is on hiatus we could work on some side things, if you think that would be cool.”

      Travlok nodded, looking down at Anvil, who was purring. “Yeah sure, I’ll drop by later. Anyway, was just checking in. I’ll let you go back to your nerd things. Catch you later.”

      “Bye man, stop slacking,” Suri said, and the like cut off.

      Travlok sighed and scrolled through his contacts to Dorian. He paused and shook his head, continuing to scroll down. He stopped at Saturn and stared at it a moment before passing it by. He knew they were fine. There was one person he could call before going to Kiran.

      “Hey,” Elias said, answering the phone.

      “Do you have good news for me?” Travlok said, dreading his answer.

      “Yeah, I mean, nothing has happened. Kiran’s just taking a nap. You know, we went to the fair the other night. She really had a good time. I did too,” he said, and Travlok sighed in relief. 

      Travlok decided not to share the news he just saw. “Yeah, that’s good, I’m glad you all had a good time. I’ll let you go. Keep in touch, yeah?”

      “Yeah sure. I’ll let Kiran know you said hi.”

      Travlok lowered the phone from his ear and ended the call. He didn’t know why he always felt so strange calling them now, but it was so different now than it used to be. He rested his phone on the counter and looked down at Anvil.

      “Everything’s okay, Anvil. I think everything is gonna be fine now.” 

      Travlok genuinely smiled. He hoped everything would be.

---------------------------------------------------

      Elias rested against the kitchen counter, sipping from the beer in his hand. He had started drinking earlier and earlier, he knew he had a problem but he couldn’t help it. He spent so much time taking care of Kiran, he never really took the chance to take care of himself. He didn’t mind, though. He knew his limits. Besides, he was better at everything when he had been drinking anyway.

      He flipped the omelet in the pan and sprinkled some seasoning on top before switching it to a plate. He glanced at his guitar in the corner, wondering if he would ever play it again. He let out a deep sigh, carrying his food to the dining table. 

      Kiran’s house was smaller, but comfortable. She lived by herself for a long time, since her parents and sister got killed in that car crash. Her aunt watched over for a while, but overall, most of the remaining days of her life she spent alone. Without the band, he didn’t think she would have any friends. Any good, real friends. 

      He paused, thinking he heard something upstairs, but when it went back to silence he continued to eat. 

      After he had taken Kiran to Morion’s, he had thought the worst. He thought she would come back bloody and bruised, broken into pieces, worse than she already was. He  thought she wouldn’t make it. But when she got back into his car that night, everything seemed… normal. She had gotten into his car, fastened her seatbelt, took off her mask, and told him to drive home. It was just… normal. And it worried him. 

      She had done nothing exciting after that. Elias stayed in her home with her because all she wanted to really do was sleep. Sometimes he would hear her throwing up, sometimes he would hear her cry, and he was always there, even though her door was always locked. The night before she came down and they watched a movie, and she was fine. She acted like nothing had happened. She smiled, she laughed, she was happy. He was dying to know what was under her facade. 

      After some time, he heard her talking upstairs. She was finally awake, and the door creaked open.

       “Elias,” she said at the top of the stairs.

      “I’m still here,” Elias replied, shoving a forkful of omelet into his mouth.

      “Wow, you never leave do you,” Kiran said, humor in her voice.

      “Nope, I never leave,” he said, managing a chuckle. He waited for more, but there was silence. He heard some rustling, then finally descending steps.

      “Do you want me to make you something?” Elias said, looking over when Kiran stepped into the kitchen.

      “Nah, cereal will do,” Kiran replied. 

      Kiran rested her hands on Elias’ shoulders, moving her fingers into his hair. She rubbed his scalp for a moment before pulling away and going into the fridge. “You know what, I need chocolate milk,” she said to herself, rummaging around for a moment before pulling out the regular milk. 

      “We can run to the store and grab you a couple things,” Elias said, watching Kiran as she moved throughout the kitchen. She had this thing about her that always caught his eye, and he always found it hard to look away from her.

      “Yeah, okay,” Kiran said to his surprise, and life fluttered into his chest. Maybe everything was okay, afterall. 

      They sat down at the table and ate together. They left together, they went to the store together, they went to the mall together, they went to see puppies together. Elias was soaking up every minute of enjoyment Kiran was giving him. He loved seeing her smile and laugh, he loved seeing her out of the house. He loved having her hand around his, her lips on his. He brought her in close and held her tight. He never wanted to let her go. He would keep her from the worst of the world. He would keep her safe and happy.

---------------------------------------------------

      Saturn ran her hairbrush through her long hair, getting it nice and straight before she separated it into thick parts. She loved braiding her hair. She used a tie on the end and gave herself another approving look in the mirror before giving herself a thumbs up and leaving the bathroom.

      Earlier that day, when the sun was high and shining through her window, she had gotten a call from Kiran. She had grabbed her phone in a hurry, answering it to hear her friend’s voice on the other line.

      “Will you go somewhere with me tonight?” Kiran asked, her voice as sweet as a sugared strawberry.

      “Of course, where do you wanna go?” Saturn replied, and she sat up straight on her bed.

      “We need to have some fun, you know? We haven’t been anywhere fun in a while, I think we should go to Luna Lounge,” Kiran said, and even through the phone Saturn could tell Kiran was smiling.

      Luna Lounge was their old hang out spot. Even when they were new friends, they went there all the time. They hung out there, they drank there, they drugged up there. They had their first gig there. That place was full of memories, full of happiness, full of pain. It was a nostalgic place for them both, and even though they had different experiences there at one point, that place brought them together in the end. 

      “Yeah, okay, we can go to Luna Lounge. What time?”

      “Let’s meet up at nine, okay? I’ll see you there,” Kiran said, “Don’t be late now!”

      When the call ended, Saturn found herself smiling, just as she was now. She flipped the light to the bathroom and went into the hall, finding Dorian heading her way.

      “I thought you had gotten lost in there,” He said, looking over her outfit. 

      She knew Kiran was going to go all out like she always did, so she went all out too. Booty shorts fit snugly over fishnets, her crop top showed off the piercings she had on her stomach. Mesh gloves, a choker, dark eyeliner, black lipstick. She was the version of her younger self all over again, without the bloody nose. 

      “We’re going to Luna Lounge,” Saturn said, and a worried look flashed in Dorian’s eyes. He wasn’t a fan of that place, unlike the girls, all his memories from there having to save Saturn from the grip of her overdoses. 

      “Don’t worry,” Saturn said quickly, “It’s just for fun. Nothing will happen, okay? I promise.”

      “You promise?”

      “I promise.”

      Dorian had a stern look on his face. 

      “I promise,” Saturn said again, leaning up on her tip toes and giving Dorian a soft kiss. “Yeah?”

      Dorian put his arms around Saturn and pulled her in tight, giving her a tight squeeze. “I don’t want you to go, you should stay right here,” he said, sliding his hand down her back to bring her even closer. “Please?”

      Saturn put her finger to her lip in false thought, batting her eyelashes at Dorian. She let her eyes close when he leaned down and kissed her neck.

      “Please?” He asked again, this time in a whisper. He pulled the neck of her shirt over, kissing the top of her shoulder. 

      Saturn felt a shiver trail down her spine. She wanted to stay,

wanted to, but she told Kiran she would go. 

      “I can’t,” she let out in a soft breath, shaking her head.

      Dorian trailed his kisses back up her neck and to her cheek, then finally to her lips. “Alright, it’s okay. I tried,” he replied, a faint smile on his lips. “Please be careful, I’ll miss you.”

      Saturn grabbed her purse and keys, saying goodbye to Dorian with a few more kisses  before shutting the door and going out to her car. She turned the keys, remembering the last time she drove herself somewhere. It was a living nightmare, that night. A night club with her groupies and a batch of fresh rock. She didn’t think she’d remember that night the way she did. Without Dorian there, she might not have made it. 

      Her mind played memories like a movie reel the whole way there. She remembered waking up in the middle of the night, Kiran shaking her with a grin on her face. It was too early, around 3am, she thought, when Kiran dragged her out that night in a rush. They had gone to the empty fairground, closed now from a full day of fun. They had hopped the fence and ran through the empty stalls, climbed the ferris wheel, did cartwheels in the dust. 

      She remembered driving at the speed of light down the interstate, music blaring on the radio too loud to hear their own thoughts. Kiran by her side, they harmonized to the song as loud as they possibly could, their windows down for the whole world to hear. 

      She remembered that day they ran from the cops, laughing like kids having too much sugar as they leapt over fences and through houses and over lawns, knocking down trash cans and furniture as they ran as fast as their legs could take them. They ran too good, they hid too well. The police never found them.

      All these memories, all starting and ending at the same place; Luna Lounge. Here was another one to add to the list, heaven only knows how it would turn out this time.

--------------------------------------------------------------

      Kiran clicked the button on her keys twice, hearing the hoot of the alarm as she walked to the entrance. She leaned against a light post, her eyes scanning the parking lot for any signs of Saturn. As people walked by, she could hear the murmurs and the not-so-quiet cat calls towards her. She only gave a smirk in response, she knew she was dressed perfectly for the occasion. She wondered if people mistook her for a pole dancer. If she wasn’t then, she was certainly going to be before the night was up.

      A slick blue car pulled into the parking lot, and Kiran was surprised to see Saturn’s car still ran. She hadn’t seen Saturn drive in a long time, not since they had gotten into that accident a few years ago. Oh the things drugs do to a person.

      “Hey,” Saturn said, practically skipping up to where she was standing. “I can’t wait for this,” she continued, letting out a deep breath as if she had been holding it in the whole way there.

      “Yeah, me too,” Kiran said, a smile tugging her lips. “Are you ready to go in?”

      “Yes!! Of course I am,” Saturn said, grabbing Kiran’s arm and pulling her to the entrance.

      A bouncer waited outside the club, taking people in and pushing people out of line. Kiran recognized him from before, a familiar face to the two girls. She wondered if he recognized them, but he answered her question almost immediately when he gestured for them to come up to the front of the line.

      “Girls,” He said, nodding slowly. “Long time. Enjoy yourselves.”

      Kiran elbowed Saturn as she gave the other people waiting in line the snootiest look she could manage. They went into the venue, nostalgia hitting them hard as the music boomed in their chests and the lights flickered in their eyes. Kiran pulled the zipper to her leather vest down, showing off her checkered bra underneath. She closed her eyes for just a moment, pausing in the midst of the people dancing to let out a deep breath. The bass boomed in her ears, and when she opened her eyes again she took in all that was the Luna Lounge. Dancers on the stage, the women weaving their way around their poles. The drunks in the front and surrounding the bar, the couples grinding, the prostitutes, the drugs, the money everywhere. The place, despite everything, smelled like a sour fruity drink and it made her mouth water. She took Saturn’s hand and pulled her to the middle of the room. The space was tight as bodies rubbed against one another, grinding, pushing, grabbing each other. Saturn made her way through the crowd, the people erupting in applause as she stepped up with the dancers and gripped her hands around the pole, swinging around and stripping down. Dollar bills flew at her, covering the stage as she grinded against the other dancers. She didn’t plan on taking the money, not until she got drunk, anyway.

      Kiran pushed through all the bodies, making her way to the bar when she got stopped by someone. 

      “You look familiar,” He said, looking her over. He played with the zipper on her vest.

      “I’m in a band,” She said, taking his hand and guiding it down, pulling the zipper with it. “Does it matter, though?”

      She pushed the vest off her shoulders, letting it drop to the floor. She would never see it again.

      “Not really… Dance with me,” He said, putting his hands around her waist.

      “Buy me a drink first,” Kiran said with a wink. “Make it two.”

      “Good times always happen at Luna Lounge,” Nix’s voice rang in the back of Kiran’s mind as she took the glass from her new beau. Before Saturn became her best friend, before the band, Kiran spent her nights at Luna Lounge shooting up and smoking with her group of “trouble makers”. Morian, Nix, Felix, Duce, Kal, and herself… Rin. Many nights were wasted here in a daze. They always claimed the back booth, it was always their table. Kiran didn’t think that the Lounge let anyone else sit there. Even now, as she eyed it in the back of the room, it was empty. A big part of her missed them all. Missed the tug of death on her shoulders. Watching Saturn dance the pole, drinking to her content, and feeling the lips of her stranger cover her body made her feel at home. She was somewhere she knew, where nobody could hurt her. Where she felt strong. Here, in Luna Lounge, she could truly let go.

      When Saturn was done dancing, Kiran met her at the bottom of the steps.

      “I’ve made it,” Kiran said, remembering the therapist’s words in her head.

      “What?” Saturn said, leaning in closer, deafened by the music.

      “Follow me to the back,” Kiran said, and Saturn knew what was coming.

      “Why don’t we stay in the front?” Saturn said, following Kiran.

      “Because Saturn,” Kiran said, stopping as she turned to look at Saturn, a broad smile on her face. “I want to go numb.”

There’s a million reasons lives get shaken

 Voices clashed together, bodies packed tightly in the night club. 

Each one hurts the same

The razor’s edge cut ivory into thin lines on the table.

It’s getting hard to tell what’s breaking

Pills slid down with the help of a shot of whiskey.

The picture or the frame

Clothes dropped to the floor.

Every second wasted worried

A deep breath swept the table clean.

A needle pierced the skin.

Try to empty out the madness

Three shots down over a film of acid. 

Tomorrow do the same

The secrets have spoken

      The end. The end of the world as they knew it, the story they knew had come to a close. All that was left for them was the upcoming wave of change. There are a lot of things that change in a person, just as much as they change in the world. Friendships grow distant without a reason to stay put, and people go their separate ways. It’s a change that hurts, but gets better in the end.        The bassist went to her groups every Wednesday. She was a regular, a popular one too. She had been fighting her battles, and in the end became a winner, though she wouldn’t stop going. She couldn’t. Going to rehab, going to group therapy sessions, those were the things reminding her of her fight. Who knows what would happen if she got the nerve to quit. What would happen if she relapsed again? She was afraid that the spiral steps she’d been climbing for a year would suddenly turn into a slide. She couldn’t go through it all again. Not again. Not after she had worked this hard to get where she was.        She had a job, working in a music store as a clerk part time just to make enough money to pay her part of the bills. She wanted to teach kids how to play the bass, though. Maybe one day she’d get her chance. She had new friends. Co-workers, mainly, but still good influences for her to hang out with. She moved into a new house with Dorian and adopted a kitten, a black and white tuxedo with a split face and one floppy ear, Lux was the name. In the glory of being a homeowner she even learned to make at least five things for dinner; spaghetti and meatballs, chicken alfredo, hot dogs, hamburgers, and grilled cheese. She was a proud cook, and Dorian was even prouder. She obtained a bookshelf full of novels and would read at least one book a day, escaping into the fantasy worlds tucked into the pages for night and shedding a tear or two for her favorite characters. She got up early walked mountain trails every morning, and meditated every night, easing her mind and distracting herself from the harshness of the world. She was at ease, now. She hadn’t felt this free in a long time.  Dr. Hendly was the best guy she’d been able to see at her rehab center, without him and Dorian, she didn’t think she could have made it this far.       Her relationship with Dorian only escalated. They were in full time boyfriend-girlfriend status and she liked flaunting it too. Every time they went anywhere, she could see the looks the women give him, and then her. Most of the looks were judgemental, but there would be the looks of recognition, too. They were recognizable still. Even after a year, after that gig, the people still loved their music. They would run into their groupies from time to time, and she could overhear them talking about how “no, the drummer is supposed to get with the lead singer-” “-no, the lead singer is supposed to get with the bassist”, and all that stuff that people make up about them. She enjoyed it, though, and would even sometimes play along with them. She still missed the band, more and more every day, but she had a new life now.        Eventually she would move on. Someday.       “Don’t you like this one?” Dorian said, pointing to a bag fixed with a pair of bat wings that was hanging on a stand in the store.       Saturn and Dorian both had a day off, and they spent it going to lunch and to stores and to the mall and then, after all the shopping was done, they were going to get ice cream at Buster and Dimes, but Saturn didn’t know that part yet.       “Oh,” Saturn gasped, taking the bag in her hands and looking over it with glistening eyes. “I love it! How much,” She said, peeking at the price tag and nearly gagging. “This is ridiculous,” she said, dropping the bag and letting it swing.       Dorian gave Saturn a half smile and grabbed it off the hook. “It’s on me,” he said, holding it out to her. “Remember, I told you that today you can get whatever you want. I got that bonus, and I don’t mind spending it all on you.”       “You shouldn’t spend it  all  on me,” Saturn said, sinking a little. “It’s  your  money, you know? You always do this and I always feel bad.” She looked down at the bat wing bag and let out a sigh. It was  really  cute.       “You obviously don’t understand what love is, then,” Dorian said, raising his eyebrows. “What it really means is that you want to buy your partner lots of things until they’re crowded in their room and can’t get out.”       Saturn blinked and looked over at Dorian, and they stared at each other for a moment before they both started laughing.       “Fine, you win, you can buy me the expensive cute bag and I won’t say a thing more about it!” Saturn said, tossing the bag to Dorian. “And, on top of that, I think I want these bracelets too,” she grabbed a pair of bracelets that were hanging on a rack, “and also these socks.” She tossed the knee-highs onto the pile growing in Dorian’s arms and looked over her shoulder back at him. “Do you regret this?”       Dorian merely shook his head, “Nope, not a bit. We still have other stores to go to, so make sure you really want something before we leave.”       Saturn smiled and leaned over, giving him a deep kiss. “You’re amazing, you know that?” She said, wrapping her arms around him and all the things in his arms and giving him a tight squeeze. “So amazing.”       “I’m only half what you are, Saturn,” He said with a smile, getting in line for the check out.       After Saturn had found everything she wanted at the mall, the two of them ventured towards the ice cream parlor. “Do you want to watch a movie tonight?”       Saturn looked over at Dorian, bags of items in her arms. “Sure, is that where we’re going?”       “No, it isn’t, the movie would come after this,” he replied, glancing at her behind his sunglasses.       “Sure, a perfect way to end the day, good dinner and a movie. What shall we watch, then?”       The car was silent for a few minutes as they both thought over their options.        “That new Toy Story movie?” Dorian said, looking over at her. He slowed as he pulled into the parking lot.       Saturn had her face and hands against the window, staring at the bright Buster and Dimes sign illuminating the entrance. She let out a squeal and bounced in her seat. “I don’t even care,” she said, clapping her hands together. “I can’t believe we are going to this place!”       “Oh, you don’t like this place?” Dorian asked jokingly, putting the car in reverse and slowly backing up.       “NO!” Saturn screamed, smacking Dorian’s arm. “YOU GO INTO THAT PARKING SPOT NOW!”       Dorian laughed, pulling into where Saturn suggested and parking. “Okay, there. We are officially here. You may undo your seatbelt and go stand in line. Thank you.”       Saturn practically sprung out of the car and into the line immediately. “I am going to have a double chocolate fudge triple cone with star sprinkles and gummy bears on top,” She said with confidence. “That’s the best thing. Have you had that?”       “Yes I’ve had that,” Dorian said, halfway rolling his eyes. “You’ve given it to me before, remember.”       “Oh...Yeah! Anyway,” Saturn tossed her braid over her shoulder. “What are you getting?”       Dorian thought about it for a moment. “Vanilla milkshake.”       Saturn gasped, “That’s  it  ? That is all you’re getting? I can’t believe you! Who  are  you? We are at the best ice cream place in the  universe  and you are getting a single vanilla milkshake. Ridiculous.”       Dorian chuckled and stepped up in line with Saturn, reaching down and taking her hand. “It’s okay, I’ll eat some of your double chocolate fudge triple cone with star sprinkles and gummy bears on top.”       “Yeah, you-”       A song played from Saturn’s back pocket and she reached for her phone, staring at it for a moment. She glanced up at Dorian before sliding to accept the call, bringing the phone to her ear. “Hello?” ----------------------       Standing in the broad auditorium, the tech was looking up at the lighting fixtures above. Something was off, and she thought that maybe a light had slipped and needed to be tightened. She hoped that there was a ladder close by, she didn’t have the time to go hunting one down in a big place like this. Maybe for once someone left something where it was supposed to be, but Suri wasn’t going to hold her breath.         She walked closer to the stage, looking between where the lights shined on the back wall, then back up to the lights, holding a hand over her eyes. She was certain it was that middle one, that it was too low. She turned back to the stage and rested her elbows on it, letting out a sigh. This stage was her home, her first big venue. If it wasn’t for The Black Feather, she never would have experienced this place. She never would have expanded her career.         The Colosseum was the best thing that had happened to her. She got a full time job there working as an audio technician, which got her the part time weeknight gigs through other employers that had performances she’d have to run at The Colosseum, who enjoyed her work and would ask her to work at one of their upcoming shows. People appreciated what she did, and having a job like this, that was something that was important to her. She wasn’t just a tech anymore, she was a manager. She even had her own set of keys to this place, which was nice. She smiled, reaching down to her waist and unhooking the keys from her belt, holding them up to the light. Travlok’s “manager” keychain glistened, and she ran her thumb over the cool metal. If it wasn’t for that band, where would she be?        A couple of warm hands slid around her waist, holding her tight. “What are you thinking about?” Joseph asked, resting his chin on her shoulder.       “The band, but you knew that already. And also this damn light, I need a ladder pronto,” Suri said, leaning her head to the side and resting it against his. “B7 is south by about 10 inches, I’m pretty sure it has a loose screw. Can you get me the kit from the appliance room?”       Joseph brought his head up and kissed Suri’s forehead. “Yeah, sure, we have to make sure that light is fixed,” he said, winking when she gave him ‘the look’.        “I just don’t want anything askew tonight when they show up, okay? Tonight is a big show.”       “I know, I know! You could always not use that light though, save you the risk of falling to your death trying to tighten a light that’s 10 inches off,” Joseph called over his shoulder. “Just saying.”       She had met Joseph at The Colosseum. It had been a whole year since their relationship started. He was just a nerd like she was, insisting that he work for her once she got her management position. Because of this, he got to go with her to her part time gigs too, since he was her manager assistant. They were always together, and never did they ever get tired of one another. They would sit in the auditorium for hours and just talk together, holding hands, drinking soda, laughing all night until they realized it was  way  too late to be there. They always had a “date night”, going to a nice dinner and going back to one of their homes to get in pajamas and watch a show or movie. Sometimes they’d go out to a bar, or a park, or wherever the night took them. They were two halves of a whole, and it was strange if you ever saw one of them alone. To Suri, it was a perfect match.         Joseph came back, dragging the  long  ladder down the aisle. When he reached Suri, they stood it up together, moving it just so it was under the B7 light.        “Okay?” Joseph asked, glancing at Suri.       “Yeah,” She nodded, starting her ascent up the ladder. When she got about arms reach away, she looked at Joseph. “Screwdriver please?” She held out her hand.       Joseph dug through the kit and pulled out a small sized Phillips head. “This is the one that fits the upper lights right? Or is it the medium size?” He already knew the answer, but he liked to ask her questions anyway.        Suri took it and looked it over, “Yeah this will do, if it doesn’t fit I’ll come back down,” She said with a laugh.        Her hands gripped the ladder as she climbed up to the ceiling, squeezing tighter as they began to get clammy. She had done this many times, but even so she was still afraid of slipping. Her body always got tingly and shaky, and she would fight the thought that her foot would slip at any moment. Several times over the past year she had pictured herself falling to her death off this ladder, but she remained vigilant. “Not today,” She said, letting both hands go off the ladder and reaching up to the light, pushing it up until the light shone in the perfect spot, and tightening the screw. She shook as she dropped her hands back down onto the top of the ladder, and slowly, carefully, she crawled back down. When she reached the bottom, she stepped down into a sitting position on the floor and rested her head on her knees for a moment before reaching the screwdriver up to Joseph.        “I have prevailed,” she said, looking up at Joseph. “No ladder will end me today!”       Joseph chuckled and took the screwdriver from Suri, sticking it down in the kit. “And look, your efforts of moving the light exactly 10 inches has paid off! What an accomplishment!”       Suri stood for the sole purpose of smacking Joseph in the arm, “Oh leave me alone, will you? Let’s get everything set up.”       When night fell, the crowd came in. A line of people made their way down the aisles, up the stairs, or into the open front to take their place among the crowd of onlookers. The place filled up fast, a popular group this band was, for sure. It was upsetting. Morticai’s Grave was the band that surpassed The Black Feather after their disappearance. They came up like skeletons out of the ground, out of nowhere, nobody had known them, nobody had heard them. But when The Black Feather no longer played their gigs, they took up the empty spots immediately. It was a miracle how fast their popularity grew. And now they were here at The Colosseum. It pissed Suri off. Maybe she’d mess them up on purpose, if only her job didn’t depend on it.        “Hey,” Joseph said, resting his hand over Suri’s clenched fist. “You can do a great job without doing as great as you would if they were here instead,” he said, reading her mind. “You aren’t working with them, you’re working for them, so do it for the show, not for them. They…” he let out a sigh as he continued, “are a good band, and you know it. The music is good. Let the music have the performance it deserves. Fuck the members, though, they suck balls.”       Suri laughed, taking Joseph’s hand and leaning into him where her head rested on his chest. “Okay, you convinced me, I’ll do a good show. But for the people though, just cause they came all this way and paid all their money to Jill up front, and because I feel bad for them for coming to see a shitty band,” Suri said getting a light smack on the shoulder.        “Boss you ready?” A voice spoke in her head phones, bringing her to attention.         Boss . She dimmed the lights of the surrounding area, bringing the crowd to already start their cheering. “Let’s do it,” she replied, tossing Joseph his headset. They took their positions in the booth, and the show began.       This was how Suri’s life was, watching the bands play night after night. She got to listen to the music, but better yet, she got to  control  the music. She was the reason the show came to life, with her speakers and her lights, and her mics, and her board. Without her, the show would be pretty mediocre. But playing at The Colosseum, for anyone having that stage, that crowd, and Suri at their service, it was a memory never to be forgotten. Tonight’s show had a full house, and the crowd screamed and cheered and sang along to the music. Everyone knew the words, raising their hands and jumping up and down. Suri found herself nodding along to the music and had to stop herself, remembering how she was supposed to be spiteful. This performance took her back a year, and once again she found herself thinking of The Black Feather’s final performance.        “This song,” Joseph spoke softly, leaning over to Suri and bringing her back to the real world, “would be a great song to have sex to!”       Suri had to mute her mic because she burst out laughing. “This song is  not  a great song to have sex to,” she said, pushing Joseph’s shoulder. “However, it is probably a great song to listen to after getting stood up at a diner!”       They laughed, almost missing where the manager was talking in their headsets.       “Bass up,” He said for the third time, his voice getting more and more irritated.       “The bass is fine, if I go any higher it will overpower the second guitar,” Suri replied, the smile from her laughter still on her lips. She rose the bassist’s control on her board up just a little bit, taking a moment to hear how the music sounded before responding. “Okay, It’s up a smidge, but I won’t go any higher for this song. This isn’t a bass heavy song,”       “When I say bass up, I meant bass up,” the manager snapped.       “Listen bucko, I know what I’m doing. So please calm down and let me handle it. It’s my job,” she replied, getting a thumbs up from Joseph.       They didn’t hear a thing from him after that.       When the show was about to end, she left Joseph in the booth to finish while she went to the back to prepare for clean up. The final song was halfway through, and Suri hadn’t really paid attention to it until she was behind the curtains. The hairs on her arms began to bristle as goosebumps began to rise. The music moved through her ears and into her mind, and anger boiled under her skin.       “ I wish I could destroy myself with a pen-But I keep running out of ink-

Please write me over and over-

Until the pain leaves my body”

“Written like a love song,

Am I the voice you lost to the wolves, my dear?”       The words came out clear as day to Suri, and she looked out into the audience as they prepared for the chorus she had heard time and time again. She couldn’t believe she didn’t catch on to it sooner. “ You won’t break me!Wait and you’ll see-

At dawn, I’ll still be here”

“I’ll find you when the lights go out,

I’ll be here when it all comes falling down-

All comes falling down

You can’t take me down

You can’t take me down

You can’t count me out

No, you won’t break me down”       The Black Feather’s music resonated through The Colosseum as this band replicated it through a half-as-good cover.        Suri couldn’t believe it. She changed the channel on her headset and spoke to Joseph directly. “Do you hear this bullshit? I didn’t realize this was happening. They must have just decided to do this because it wasn’t on the set list they gave me.”       “What a bold move,” Joseph replied. “Pulling a stunt like that. But look at the crowd, they really have the crowd at their fingertips playing The Black Feather’s music.”       “Do you think they’ll do it again?” Suri asked, still glaring at the musicians as the song ended. She worked her way to the light box and started flipping switches.        “Probably,” Joseph replied, and she could hear him sigh. “But even if they come back, that’s just going to happen. People are going to cover their music. It’s the way of life, Suri.”       Suri yanked cords out of the outlets and started wrapping them up around her arms. “Yeah, well, it’s stupid. I think I need a drink after this.”       Joseph laughed, “Okay hun, I’ll get you sushi and a root beer float, how about that?”       Suri smiled, letting out a soft giggle. “Yeah, okay. That makes me feel better already.”       “Hey Suri?” Joseph spoke softly in the headset, and Suri looked up from the stage to the booth on the other side.        “Yes Joseph?”       “You’re awesome and I love you.” Suri smiled. “I love you too.”-------------       After Kiran's disappearance, Elias had taken on trying to better himself. Every morning he would get up at five to start his routine with a glass of bourbon. Of course, he had eggs and toast to go along with his favorite drink, and he’d let it settle before going into his workout. A hundred pulls-ups a day, among other things, made his physical appearance much more bold. He didn’t do it for the looks, though. He did it for the health, and for the relief in his mind. It kept him from staring at his phone, waiting for her to call.        By eight he was at his first job. He would drive forty minutes out of the way to go to a small tea shop a couple of towns over. Kiran had brought him there as proof to show him she wasn’t just a crazy party girl. He always smiled on the drive there, the memory never failing to emerge in his mind.        “Elias,” She said, grinning. It was the last time he saw her smile.        “Yes, love?” He leaned in closer.       “You haven’t had one sip of your tea, dear. Now I know it’s not your style, but you have to give it a shot!” He glanced down at the small teacup and slowly brought it to his lips, slurping as loud as he possibly could. It made her laugh, the most beautiful sound he had ever heard.        “Stupid, drink the tea!” She reached over to smack his arm. The tea spilled onto the table.           “See what you’ve done now! Crazy girl,” He shook his head and grabbed a couple of napkins to wipe up the spilled tea. “You haven’t proved to me anything yet!”       “And I don’t plan to, I really just came here to get away from the rest of the world, and see Mr. Karlsrud. And to be with you, of course.”       Mr. Karlsrud was the ninety-two year old tea shop owner. He was a magnificent man, and taught Elias about everything he could possibly ever need to know about making tea. In fact, he taught Elias everything he’d ever need to know about running the shop. Even though Elias refused on several occasions, Mr. Karlsrud insisted because he no longer had an heir to inherit the shop from him. Though Elias was certain that tea was going to make Mr. Karlsrud live to be at least one-hundred and fifty.       When he’d get into work, that gentleman would always have breakfast snacks awaiting him. Pastries alongside a cup of Earl Grey. The whole shop would be filled with the aroma of fresh tea leaves brewing. He’d grown accustomed to the smell, and could even tell someone what type of tea was being made just from that alone. The two of them would sit together by the window and drink their tea quietly, a moment of peace before they opened up for the day. Sometimes they would talk, but Elias preferred the time to meditate, and he knew the old man enjoyed his time to relax as well.       Elias would work until four in the afternoon, when Karlsrud would kick him to the curb. He’d shoo him out with his apron, saying “You work too much, you work too hard, get out of here and get a life!” Elias would never tell the old guy he didn’t have a life, or a second job. He didn’t really want to be scolded by a guy who was going to hand down his tea shop to him in fifty-eight years. He’d just smile and wave him off as he hung up his apron on the rack and gathered his few items before heading out the door.       After working his first job, Elias had a few hours to spare before going into his second job. Some days he would go home, but most days he’d find something else to do.       “Hey, you won’t believe this,” Elias typed into his phone, a small smile on his face. He hit send before looking up through the windshield.        Something had encouraged him to drive to the mountain top. He hadn’t been there for some time, but when he reached the top of the road he didn’t regret it one bit. It was a view of the orange, pink, and yellow sunset behind five air balloons. Elias stepped out of his car and raised his phone up to the sky, snapping a picture and sending it to Kiran’s number. No matter what he did, he always let her in on it, whether she responded or not.        The drive to The Copper Rooster was forty minutes to home, and ten minutes West. It was his favorite bar, and the home of his second job, where  he  was the bartender serving the sad drunks late at night instead of the other way around. He got to work with Ralph, who had been  his  bartender for the past three years.        “Elias,” Ralph greeted him when he walked in from changing in the employee restroom. “How was the tea shop?” He punched Elias’ arm as he passed by, laughing softly. “You really enjoy working there?”       “It’s more than what you would think, I’ve learned a lot from that place, and from the old man I work with too. He’s ancient, you’d be good to go in and just listen to him talk. I think it would make your brain grow.”       “I’ve already got a big head,” Ralph replied with a sharp laugh. “I don’t think I need any more brain power.” He winked and tossed Elias a towel.       Elias caught the towel before peering in the mirror behind the liquor. He unbuttoned the top two buttons of his dress shirt and straightened the collar before turning around to face the customers.        “Do you ever think about wearing a bowtie? I feel like you could be that type of guy.”       Elias glanced at Ralph, “Maybe before I would have said no, considering I’m the guy who’d been in a band for several years. But now? Maybe, why do you ask?”       Ralph grabbed an empty glass from a customer and refilled it before passing it back, “Because I’m thinking about trying out the bowtie look, what do you think? Would you be willing to give it a go?”       “I’d try anything at this point, should we get vests too?” Elias dried off one of the glasses in his hand. “Are we going fancy? Do you want me to slick my hair back?”       “Man, let’s go for it. I think we’d be some snazzy fuckers,” Ralph replied with a laugh.        When the laughter died down, there was just the chattering from the bar. It went on for some time before Ralph finally broke the silence again.           “So,” He started, pouring a shot of whiskey. “Anything?”       Elias knew what he was talking about the moment he started talking. “Nothing,” Elias replied, clearing his throat. “It doesn’t matter, she’ll come around when she’s ready.”       “I’m proud of you for not letting it get to you, you were rough for a while.”       He was right, when she first had left Elias had been in rough shape. Drinking at the bar every night, not leaving his house, no job, no reason to get out. He wouldn’t eat, couldn’t sleep. All he could do was stare. He was glad he finally got out of that daze that Mr. Karlsrud slapped him out of.       “Yeah, it was that damn tea shop you always talk shit about that fixed it, I’m telling you, you need to go there. It’s far, but it’s worth it. Just go one day,” Elias replied with a sigh. “Tea has life changing properties apparently.”       “I know you don’t like to talk about it, but I still can’t believe that she just ran out on you like that without a word.”       “It wasn’t without a word, it was without a time.”        “Elias I have to get away,” he heard her voice replay one too many times.       “What do you mean?”

      “Just what I said, I have to get away from here. I just need to be alone.”       "Where are you going to go?” He reached for her, held her hands tight.        “It doesn’t matter. I’m not going to tell you or anyone else. One day I’m just going to disappear.”      “Cruelty,” Ralph snapped him back into reality. “She’s cruel.”       “Maybe so, but I love her all the same.”       “That’s determination there, bud. I would have bailed months ago.”       Elias chuckled softly, “That’s because you’re a loser.”        He dodged the towel flying at him with another laugh before mixing a few more drinks for his customers. “When you meet a girl you know is  that  girl, I’m sure you will stick around as long as it takes.”       The night was long as Elias worked until midnight. He didn’t get much time to sleep, but it didn’t slow him down any. He headed into the back and got all his stuff together before stepping out of the bar and onto the sidewalk. He let out a deep breath and reached into his back pocket to pull out his phone. When he clicked the side button, the screen brightened up and he unlocked it with his pin. He went to his messages and clicked the one that said ‘Kiran’, getting ready to send her another memo. His fingers hovered above the keys, but he couldn’t type anything. His heart skipped a beat, and he brought the phone closer to his face. There, in the bottom corner of the last message he sent was a single word he hadn’t seen in a long time.  Read . ------------------------------------------------------       McCleary Rehabilitation Center was kind and better than anticipated. Fresh meals every day, boarding that was cheaper than a stay at a motel, individual therapy, and of course, rehabilitation. When Kiran had checked in there, she had left her car at home to keep herself from escaping. She had low expectations. Nobody wanted to admit they’d been to rehabilitation, but Kiran had to bite the bullet on that one and get over herself if she wanted to do something better for herself. She learned a lot from her experience there. She had help through her withdrawals and shoulders to cry on from the friends she’d made, both with the faculty and the other people sharing the same demons as she did. Every day she went and talked to someone about how she felt, and how she was going to feel better. Every night she stayed in her room and wrote music. The staff was even nice enough to let her use the piano in the study hall that hadn’t been touched in a couple years. It needed a tuning, but that didn’t stop the creative energy she had regained. Fifteen full songs and twenty-two half-finished ones later, she lost that irresistible urge to pollute her mind and body with the drugs she craved before.        “What is the name of that one?” Claire, one of the girls at the rehab center she’d befriended asked one night when she was playing.        She had come out of nowhere, startling Kiran and causing her to fumble on the keys. “Uh…” Kiran let out a deep breath as she regained her composure. “Eliisio,” She said after a moment. “Why? I have no idea. It’s a classical piece, so I think it deserves a classical sounding name.”       “By ‘classical’ you just mean ‘piano’, yeah?” Claire rolled her eyes. “Are you going to teach me to play one day or no?”       Claire had been addicted to heroine. Her parents dropped her off there one day and told her not to come home until she was “freed of her addiction”. She wasn’t a homebody and felt like her addiction spewed from her parents, so even though she didn’t have the desire for the drug anymore, she didn’t feel the need to leave. Ever since she had heard Kiran play the piano, Claire had asked her non stop about teaching her how to play. Kiran learned that Claire had always wanted to be in marching band, or any kind of musical activity, but that her parents made her focus on her science and math classes because they wanted her to pursue nursing. Kiran rolled her eyes at the thought.       “One day, I might, I just don’t know how to teach anyone anything,” Kiran said, turning the page back and starting from the beginning. “I can’t teach anyone else if I don’t know how to teach myself.”       “Oh cut the crap, Kiran,” Claire said and came to the bench. She scooted Kiran over and sat next to her. “Okay, teach me.”       After a long, drawn out sigh, Kiran took Claire’s hands and placed them on the piano. She had her go through the alphabet of music and started by teaching her how to play “Chopsticks”.        “When you learn the piano you can play any instrument you want,” Kiran said softly, collecting her music into a pile as she listened to Claire try to play “Twinkle Twinkle Little Star”.       “Is that so?”        “It’s like the building block of the music world.” Kiran stood from the bench and smacked Claire’s hands away from the keys before closing the key cover. “That’s enough for the night I think, it’s late and honestly I just want to go to bed.”       “You’re such a party pooper,” Claire said with a nudge, but she stood up at well. “Okay, yeah, see you tomorrow.” Then the two went their separate ways.        The halls of the building were filled with decorations from art therapy, and the tiles under her feet came from the ceramic club. The whole atmosphere had an artsy feel to it. The way the classes helped broken people gain a bit of happiness really touched Kiran. Even the spirits that haunted her still weren’t as demanding in that place. The building had been built across the street from an old cemetery so even in rehab the spirits were there. Hallucinations, the therapist said, but Kiran knew it wasn’t so. Eventually Dr. Gregory stopped trying to prescribe medication for that specifically. Of course Kiran had medication for other things. Depression, mainly. Anxiety. PTSD. The things that drove Kiran to drain out her mind and let the demons take control. She wasn’t avid on taking more drugs to keep her from taking drugs, but she let the rehab center do what they thought was best. Overall, she was much better than she was before, and that was the important part.       “It doesn’t matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop,” They said during one of the group programs. “You can’t defeat the darkness by keeping it caged inside of you.” It wasn’t something Kiran practiced, but it was something she understood. Her whole life she had kept everything she felt on the inside, and it was still there, though she was letting it out bit by bit. She knew, though, that even the rehab center wouldn’t be able to help her with that. It was something she’d have to do on her own.       She stayed at the rehabilitation center for five months before deciding it was time to move on. The staff tried to convince her to stay, but she had to continue on her journey. She knew she had enough willpower to stay on track. And if she lost herself again, she knew where to go. Hopefully she’d never have to go back to that place. Without a car or bike, Kiran got a lot of exercise walking. She could have gone home to get her car, but she just wanted to keep going forward without looking back, so she never stayed in the same place twice, and took on odd jobs to keep her phone service active and to pay for her bus tickets and motel rooms. It got to the point where she didn’t even know where she was anymore, she’d gone so far.  Eleven bus rides and fifteen miles on foot and she ended up in Montana. Considering she started at the rehab center in Churchill, Nevada, she had managed to impress herself.        It was beautiful, to say the least. She had never left her hometown before, so it added on to her growing list of new experiences. It was somewhere she wanted to stay for a while, and she did. It took her several days, but she ended up right where she wanted to be. South Fork, a park with a broad lake, rolling hills, and a beautiful view of the mountains. The sight captivated Kiran, and she never wanted to leave. She tried hard to convince the staff at the park service building to give her small job, but to her disappointment, they couldn’t be swayed. It was frustrating, and all she could do was sit on the steps leading away from the building. She sat there for hours. People came and went, adventuring in the park without paying her any mind. It wasn’t until someone sat next to her that Kiran came back to her senses.        “You’ve been here for hours,” an older gentleman said to her. “You’re going to burn to a crisp if you don’t get out of the sun and into the shade.”       “Probably,” Kiran said, looking at the man. “Have you been watching me?”       The man chuckled. “No, I saw you when I first started on my walk, and had gone all the way around the park and back, and you were still here. And I’m not a fast walker,” He said, wiggling his cane a bit with a wrinkled hand.        He was probably in his seventies, with a head of snow white hair and a long beard that reached his collarbone. He had a cracked pair of glasses, and looked like he had been working hard with dirt on his face and tan lines at his shoulders.        “Can I help you?” She asked when the man stayed silent.       “I was wondering if I could help you, you seem lost.”       Kiran turned away and let out a deep sigh. “I’m not lost, just far from home. I need a job so I can keep going, but I have no idea where to find one. I don’t know where I am. I’m from Nevada.”       “Ah, a traveler,” The man said, running a hand through his beard. “What are you running away from?”       Kiran was taken aback, and she looked at the man with wide eyes. “What makes you think I’m running away?”       “I don’t think most people come from Nevada to Montana by themselves just to get a job so they can ‘keep going’,” he replied simply. “I can give you a job, but you have to accept your circumstances.”       “What does that mean? What is the job?” Kiran said, turning to fully face the man.       “You’re running away from something, and now you’re lost without anyone to guide you. What is it you’re searching for? Serenity? Peace? Love? Do you even know?”       Kiran thought about it for a few moments. “I’m trying to run away from myself.”       “Now you’re talking nonsense,” The man chuckled. “You can’t get away from yourself, memories, maybe. People, places. You can’t become a better person from escaping where you came from. You have to confront your past. Do you think you can do that?” The man said, tapping a finger on his cane.       “No, I don’t think so,” Kiran shook her head.        “At least you’re honest. My name is Harold Lenner,” He held out a hand and Kiran gave it a good shake. “What are you searching for?”       “A clear mind,” Kiran said. “I want a fresh start.”       “A clear mind, eh?” Harold slowly stood. “You don’t want a real job, then, do you? Real jobs will bog you down and add stress onto your psyche.”       Kiran stood with him. “You’re strange,” she said with a smile. “What are you offering, then, if not a real job?”       “Hah! You got me there, if you’re so inclined to do so, you can clean my cabin and tend to my cows.”       “Cows?” Kiran couldn’t remember the last time she even saw a real cow.       “I live there,” He pointed towards the mountains. “Not there, but close by. I grow the finest potatoes you’ve ever had and make money by selling my vegetables and butter. You think you want to give it a shot? I’m sure someone like you could use a little bit of old nature.”       “I don’t know if I’m up for this kind of work, I’ve been a spoiled brat most of my life. I was the lead singer of a band back at home. We were getting very popular, too.”       “Ah, well you never know what you’re capable of until you really try.”        As the days passed on, Kiran spent her early mornings making coffee and scrambling eggs while Harold watered the garden. She’d dust and vacuum and clean the dishes, and that was really it. The cabin was small and she slept on the living room couch, so there wasn’t much to keep clean. Though she would admit that it did look a lot better than it did when she first got there. After breakfast she’d go out and help with the animals. It wasn’t something she had ever pictured herself doing, but it was most certainly a better job than some of the odd jobs she had taken on. Every day she got to go out and look right at the mountain range before her. It wasn’t something she’d ever imagined being able to experience.       “What spoke to you to cause you to let a stranger work in your cabin?” She asked when Harold came around the corner.       “A long time ago I was at a chinese restaurant with my daughter and I got one of those fortune cookies. The fortune read, and I quote, ‘Be kind to those who are lost’. And I thought to myself, who is lost? Ah, and here you are. So, I will be kind to you.”       Kiran couldn’t help but laugh. “How long ago was this? You haven’t found any other people you’d consider to be lost?”       “Oh sure, I’ve seen plenty of people. But I knew they weren’t the ones I was waiting for. The universe tells you when something it right. I saw you sitting there and I just knew, you were the one the fortune cookie spoke of.”       “Maybe I need a fortune cookie to speak to me,” Kiran laughed.       “If you want, we can go to that chinese restaurant and you can grab yourself one,” Harold said with a raised eyebrow.        After doing everything that needed to be done during the morning, Kiran spent the rest of her days reading. Harold had a surprising amount of books on an old shelf that she figured she would dive into. Stories of adventures and book of history. There were so many options that at first she had no idea where to even start, but she managed to find a classic,  Peter Pan , and dive into it immediately. The next few weeks she spent at the cabin she had already cleaned out the second shelf of books. She knew she would have them all read before long.       She was halfway into a book when her phone went off one day. She had finally decided to turn her phone on to vibrate. When she saw it was from Elias, she brought down the notification bar and read the first part of the message.       “This morning Karlsrud called me a turkey slu...” It read, and Kiran tilted her head.  Huh?        It made her want to open and read all the hundreds of messages she realized she hadn’t looked at, but she had vowed total silence. She had to keep true to herself, so she set the phone down and went back to reading. The fortune she got from Chow Meng with Harold came back to her mind.  You already know the answer to the questions lingering inside your head.          Several hours later, when her book was nearly finished, it went off again.             “Why are customers so rude, this guy just bro...”       Kiran smiled. Her eyes started to water. She had been gone for months. She had left everyone and everything and vanished without another word. But she wasn’t ready to go back. She couldn’t have been ready.        “You’re finally looking at that thing,” Harold said when he came into the cabin. His arms were filled with potatoes.        “Yeah, I’ve been paying for it but haven’t touched it since I went to rehab.”       “It’s been lighting up every now and then. Someone talks to you a lot,” he said with a raised eyebrow.       “My band members, probably. And my...boyfriend,” Kiran said, her cheeks growing hot.        “Wow, a runaway girlfriend,” Harold said with a wag of his finger. “Shame on you.”       “Harold, I was so overwhelmed. I couldn’t be happy, no matter how hard I tried. I wanted to get drunk and high every moment of my life. I wanted to go to the club every night and sleep with random people, not to mention I had spirits in my head wanting me to talk to them and help them find peace!” Kiran took in a deep breath.        “And what about now?” Harold replied without batting an eye.        “Now, I…” She paused for a moment. She had been here for several weeks. She had been in bliss, completely serenity. No voices, no noise, no ex boyfriends or drugs. Nobody but the cows, chickens, goats, and Harold. Nothing but the mountains and the farmer’s market on Sunday. No phone, only books. When she thought about it, what a difference it was from before, she got the pang of loneliness.        You can’t defeat the darkness by keeping it caged inside of you.       “I miss them.”       Harold smiled. “What are you really running away from?”       “Home. Everything. My friends, my band, my past.”       “What were you searching for?”       Kiran closed the book and set it beside her. “A clear mind.”       “Have you found it?”       Kiran nodded, “I did. Harold, I have to go.”       Harold came over to Kiran and rested a hand on her shoulder. “See you.”       In a flash, Kiran shot up from the couch and grabbed everything she owned to stuff into her bag. She ran out the door without another word, sprinting across the fields as fast as she could. When she made it into town, she got a ride to the closest bus stop. Her body shook with anticipation, she hadn’t realized how excited she was to be going home. One bus after another with a motel stop in the middle, she was heading back. When she had boarded the last bus home, she opened her phone.        “Hey, you won’t believe this,” It read from Elias earlier in the afternoon, followed by a view more beautiful than her Montana mountains. Air balloons in front of the sunset, and she wished she was there. She held her phone close, her heart racing in her chest.  Soon,  she thought, letting her eyes close. She was just a couple hours away. Then, it would all be over.          When she got back into town the first thing she did was get her car. Naturally, it wouldn’t start. She hit the steering wheel and pulled her phone out, going back to Elias’ message. Her eyes closed as she took in a deep breath.        “I’m home,” She typed, hitting send.        It didn’t take long for Elias to pull in the driveway. She had been sitting on the porch with her head on her knees, looking up when the engine shut off. She slowly stood, watching as Elias emerged from the car and shut the door. He started to walk over to her, cautiously as if she weren’t real at all. But once he came into the light, he ran. She leapt off the porch and met him in the middle, feeling his arms slide around her back. His fingers gripped the back of her shirt as he held her close. She held onto him tight and ran her hands through his soft hair. She missed everything about him, and had no idea how she could have left him for so long. She could feel his body shake. Was he...crying?       “Kiran,” He whispered, pulling back and cradling her face in his hands. “God, I love you so much. Are you okay?” He leaned down and kissed her deeply, and it made Kiran shake as if it was the first kiss they had ever shared.        Kiran looked up at Elias with tears streaming down her cheeks. It was as if something bottled up had finally been set free. “I’m okay.”       Elias smiled and pulled her close again, just holding her tight. They stood in front of the porch like that for some time before Kiran finally pulled away.        “I have to call Saturn,” She said, leaning up on her toes and pressing her lips against his. It was a feeling she’d missed more than she realized.       He held her for a moment longer before hesitantly letting her go. “Okay,” He said, though his fingers still rested on the sides of her arms.       “I’m not going anywhere,” Kiran whispered, scrolling through her contacts until she got to Saturn’s name.       The phone rang twice, and she heard Saturn’s voice on the other line. It was shaky.        “Hello?”       Kiran smiled.  “It’s time to get the band back together.”----------------------------------       Travlok stood at the top of the balcony looking down at the stage. The group down below was rushing back and forth across it, grabbing equipment and hauling amps into position. He looked at his watch. 7:45 pm, there were fifteen minutes left until the show started. He pushed off the railing and turned around to see Suri behind him.        “Boss,” she said softly, a broad smile across her face. She leaned in and gave him a big hug. “I hope that the lights look good enough for you. I’ve already spoke with the B team behind the curtains and they ha-”       Travlok held up his hand to shush her, and she quieted down immediately. “Suri, I don’t need to know everything, I know you one hundred percent have everything under control. Let’s close the curtains and let the crowd come in, maybe that will convince our group to get their shit and get out onto the stage, you think?”       Suri laughed and rested her arm on Travlok’s shoulder. “Alright sounds good. I’ll grab Jen and have her open the doors up,” She said, giving his shoulder a soft squeeze and disappearing out into the lobby.       Travlok made his way down the aisles and onto the stage, adjusting the mics and making sure the cords were out of the way of getting tripped on before he went back behind the curtains. He looked left and right, letting out a deep sigh as he went back into the breakroom. When he knocked on the door, he was relieved to hear a “Come in!” from the other side, and he turned the doorknob.       Inside were the four troublemakers sprawled out on the two couches with bottles in their hands. With Travlok’s appearance, they all raised the bottles as if they were toasting.       “What the hell-” Travlok started, but Kiran cut them off.       “Root beer, dingus,” She said, laughing softly and tipping back her bottle.        Travlok sighed. Since the band got back together, they had been in the best shape he had ever seen. He was honestly so proud of all of them, especially Saturn and Kiran for turning their lives around. He didn’t think Kiran especially was going to make it.       “You have fifteen minutes to get on stage, and you aren’t even holding your instruments. Dorian, the drums are set up for you. We have the curtains closed if you want to get your asses up there and tune your guitars.”       “Already done it,” Elias said, clinking his glass against Kiran’s. “We’re just preparing ourselves. It’s been a long time, Travlok. We’re all nervous.”       Travlok nodded and looked at his watch again. “Hurry up,” he said finally before backing up and shutting the door. He rolled his eyes, “Children,” he grumbled, gesturing for the staff member to close the curtains.        When the lights dimmed, he saw the group coming out of the breakroom. They all looked like children, for sure. He could see how nervous they were, considering they haven’t even played for over a year. He watched as they shuffled to their places, adjusting their instruments on them and making sure the set list was in view. Everything they were playing came solely from Kiran’s rehab work. When she had presented it to him, he was surprised she was able to write so much music while she was there. But when she had them all play together, it was amazing. How she was able to picture the song without them, he would never know. They all used to collaborate on the music together, and she always seemed lost on composing, but not now. He knew that this was going to be their comeback.        He looked out onto the stage and knew they were ready when they all turned to look at him. He gave them the thumbs up and spoke into his headset.       “Alright Suri, let’s do it,” He said, and watched the lights slowly shut off.       The crowd roared to life, screaming and cheering for the band they thought they had lost. The curtain slowly opened, revealing the silhouettes of the members before them, and the uproar only grew louder. The drums started, shaking the floor and giving the beat to the crowd. The guitars came in, roaring to life in harmony with one another. The lights slowly started to rise, and Kiran had her head bowed to the mic. The opening played once, and Kiran didn’t come in when she was supposed to. She held one hand out at her hip, signaling for one more time. She wasn’t ready, and it made Travlok nervous. Once more, then again.        “Kiran?” Travlok said, but suddenly her hand clenched into a fist.       When the end of the opening came, a smile formed on Kiran’s lips. The music came to a stop, and Kiran looked up into the crowd, taking in her first breath of the performance. 

92 Years Before Present

“Where are we going?” Yelena asked her mother as they slipped through the streets of the Braeryn, the slums of Menzoberranzan.“Hush, child. If you wish to live, you will do as I say,” her mother hissed as they hurried along.They wound through narrow, dirty streets, past shuttered windows and hooded figures who paid them little attention as they went, speaking to no one, pretending like they belonged. No one went to the Braeryn who did not live or have business there. And if one had business in the Braeryn? All the more reason not to speak to them. Yelena watched her mother as she glanced furtively up at each of the buildings they passed, barely worthy of being called houses, in her mind. They were nobles, they did not belong here.Finding the house she was looking for, Yelena’s mother stopped, drew her cloak closer around her face, and slipped around to the back of the wide, slightly damp, lichen-encrusted stalagmite. She tapped on the door, a hollow flat sound. A small slot in the door slid open, and a pair of suspicious pink eyes peered out at Yelena and her mother. For a moment, Yelena felt almost afraid.“What do you want?” a voice from within asked.“I have brought my daughter to become a Widow.”“Why would you or your daughter wish this?”“I want her to live!”“We all want to live. And you look well-born, why would you offer your daughter to us? To become a Widow is to renounce your House and your birthrights.”“We have no House, no birthrights anymore,” Yelena heard her mother say, desperation in her voice. “Our House is lost, I wish only for my daughter to live.”“If she accepts us, if Zinerena accepts her, if she is worthy, then she will live and she will prosper, but your line will end with her. She will live and die in service of her goddess, there will be no children for her, no House, no line, no riches. She will live, but it will be a life unlike what she has known.”“Yes, yes, anything! Yelena, please, tell them you accept.”Yelena looked at her mother, unsure. She did not wish to die, but to accept this lowly life? To forfeit any chance of having children, having a bloodline or a House of her own? Was this life worth losing everything she had been taught? All of the comforts she had lived? Everything she had ever known?

92 Years Before Present

“And what is your name?” The Headmistress asked the small, somewhat malnourished-looking, but spirited young drow female standing before her.“My name is Natasha.”“No House name? Were you not brought to us from House Kras’naya?”Natasha spat at the floor. “Yes, a princess of House Kras’naya brought me here, but I am not one of them, and I never shall be. They have wronged me, have wronged all the low-born drow, have wronged our entire race with their greed, and I wish for them, and all like them, to pay for their crimes.”“You have a fire in you, child,” the Headmistress smiled. “If you can learn to tend that fire, to keep it low and steady, to not let it blaze high and hot and burn out just as quickly as it was born, then you will prosper in the Widows’ Web.”

7 Years Before Present

Steve found Sam well after the service had ended, perched up in the crown of a small shadowtop tree in Mielikki’s Glade. He was almost hidden from the ground, but Steve knew where to look for his friend in difficult times. The Lady of the Forest’s shrine was a place of peace and healing to all, but especially rangers after her own heart. Sam sat with his back to the trunk, feet braced on the thin yet sturdy branch he had chosen. His arms were crossed tightly over his chest and his eyes were closed. Steve craned his neck and squinted; he thought he might have caught a glimpse of Sam’s lips moving, speaking quiet words not meant for the ears of the living or the mortal.When Sam lifted his head slightly, rolled his shoulders to get some of the stiffness out, Steve took the opportunity to speak. “It wasn’t your fault.”Sam turned carefully, wrapping one arm around the trunk and dangling his legs off his branch. He looked down at Steve. “I couldn’t save him.”“Not your fault, Sam. You know how vicious orcs can be,” Steve said, trying to reassure him.“I know,” Sam replied. “There was nothing I could do, but it still feels like I should have done more.”Steve nodded silently. As a captain in the Moon Garrison, he had seen good men and women die in orc and drow raids, and he carried little pieces of each loss with him. But he hadn’t experienced loss in such a profound and personal way as Sam. Riley had been Sam’s friend, his partner, his lover. He knew Sam needed time to grieve, but he also knew it hurt a little less when you had someone there for you to listen, to simply be there.“If you need to talk, I’ll listen,” Steve said as quietly as he could, while still allowing his words to reach Sam, high above him. “If you just need a friend, I’ll be there for you. If you need me to leave you alone for a while, I can do that, too.”“I need some time,” Sam said, shaking his head a little.“Of course,” Steve nodded. “Come down whenever you’re ready. You know where to find me.”

2 Years Before Present

“No sign of him?” Steve asked anxiously, peering out into the distance, squinting towards the rising sun, just cresting the horizon. The first rays of dawn glinted off of the Nether Mountains, painting their rock and snow in golds, ambers, and fiery reds.“Nothing, I’m sorry,” Sam replied, rising fluidly from his crouch. “His footprints stop here and don’t pick up again anywhere within a hundred meters and I’m not getting anything from my spell, so unless he got carried off by a griffin—and I’m pretty sure we would have heard something, if that had> happened—I can’t imagine what could have happened to him, where he could have gone.”“Drow?” Steve asked, his fears coalesced into that one word. Their party had been following reports and rumors of drow activity over the past few days, hoping to locate the secret passageway that let the Underdark spill its vicious residents up into the surface lands, raiding and slaughtering in the dark of night, and make sure it could be magically sealed off.Sam shook his head slowly. He set his hand on Steve’s shoulder gently, comfortingly. “Unlikely. No signs of recent drow activity, we still haven’t found their passage, there’s no body, and unless the drow have branched out into kidnapping, I don’t know. I wish I could give you some sort of answer, some degree of hope or closure, but I’m baffled. Everyone else is accounted for, zone of truth is still in effect, and I’ve run out of ideas. I’m so sorry, Steve.”Steve pursed his lips and glanced away. Sam lowered his eyes to give Steve a little privacy. Steve had been there for him when he had lost Riley, he would be here for Steve when he was ready.

(92 years before present)The Headmistress snapped her fingers, calling Natasha and Yelena to attention. Her two newest recruits, sold to the Widows’ Web, quickly turned to face her. Though female drow were accorded a certain degree of respect in the dark elves’ hierarchy, the poorest of the poor rarely saw any benefit. They quickly learned to obey their betters or face immediate punishment—when they were unable to slip away to avoid them entirely. The two youths had already learned the ways of Menzoberranzan. Everyone did, one way or another. She steeled herself, making her face cool and impassive. She was not here to teach them compassion. Her duty was to teach them to survive against all odds and to use their talents—if they had any. If not, they would not survive—to serve the other goddess.“Pay heed to my words, children,” the Headmistress proclaimed. “This is the Widows’ Web. By entering through these doors, you have been given over, body and soul, to Zinzerena, the goddess of spies and assassins. You will learn as she did to control death, to make it yours to do with it what you need. Though slain by Lolth in jealousy of her gifts, our goddess refused to truly die, and returned to reclaim her realm. And like Zinzerena, you too shall be sneered at, looked down upon, outcast within our society, targeted for death if your true identity is discovered, but if you learn well, you shall not die. Though she forbids open worship, Lolth grudgingly admits that she was unable to kill our goddess and allows a chosen few to serve her. “Your place is between the shadows. To draw no attention to yourself, to become nothing, to become no one. From here forth, you have no House and no family but the Widows. You have no House name, no family name, no family ties. No alliances. No one but your sisters. No noble house will accept you on fear of incurring Lolth’s wrath. No common family will accept you, for fear of incurring a noble family’s ire. You will have no mates, no children, no line. Because you have no ties, no alliances, you will be able to move freely and kill without fear of reprisal. It is kill or be killed, and the Widows are survivors. The nobles will come to us, and if the price is right and we deem the target worthy of death, we will assign a Widow to the task. Thus we provide for ourselves, and they see a rival dispatched without having to implicate their House in the deed. Chaos is fed, and with it, we may feed ourselves.“In our Widows’ Web, you will not learn the divine magic taught as in the school of Arach-Tinilith or the arcane magic of Sorcere, for we cannot truly rely on anyone but ourselves. Neither will you learn the fighting techniques of the school of Melee-Magthere, for those are taught to male soldiers and, though well suited to their duties fighting the monsters of the Underdark and other soldiers, they are too clumsy for our needs. You will learn a subtle blending of our race’s inherent magic and the use of cunning blades and devious poisons. If you survive the training, you will become fully fledged Black Widows. With all of your sacrifices, you will become the true power of Menzoberranzan. The spiders feared by even Lolth.”With her proclamation ended, the Headmistress turned and swept out of the room without another word. An older Widow came to collect the children and show them around their new home.Natasha glanced around, moving only her eyes, mapping out the carved out interior of the stalagmite that housed the Widows’ Web as the older Widow showed them to the barracks. She ran through the Headmistress’s words in her head, parsing them for whatever hidden meanings they may have. Though young, Natasha had already learned a healthy degree of distrust. The Black Widows would suit her well.

The years passed, the young Widows grew and trained and found a home among their peers. It was not an easy life, days filled with training, honing and perfecting their craft, but neither was it so difficult as the lives they would have lead outside of their Web. They had bed and board and regular meals, all for the occasional price of dealing death to their fellow drow. It was a plain, almost monastic, life, no riches awaited them, but it was not such a bad deal, Natasha told herself. She had seen what greed and riches may do to a drow, and she had no lost love for that life.The Widows even had something almost approaching leisure, a privilege usually only accorded to the noble families. The Black Widows danced. True, the dance could be said to aid in their profession, making them more nimble, agile, darting lightly through the shadows to creep unseen and unheard upon their prey, but it was also a brief freedom from the suspicions of daily life. To take a moment to think of nothing but the grace that the elven body was capable of, unarmed and unworried, that was as close to freedom as one could get in the perilous Underdark, full of insidious dangers. To dance was to uplift what a drow could be.To dance was also to work together in a task. The Widows trained to dance both alone and in perfect coordination with one another; training the innate awareness of one’s surroundings and one’s allies, always thinking a half dozen steps ahead. And Natasha and Yelena, the two youngest Widows, closest in age, grew slowly closer in spirit, forming a natural alliance as they trained and grew in the Widows’ care. Natasha found almost a friend in the other female. The Widows encouraged a sort of friendship among their members, strengthening bonds and skills, but Natasha had learned hard lessons from a very young age that friendship was for the weak. However, she conceded, perhaps an alliance could be useful.And though she would never admit it to herself, Natasha found it comforting to have someone to talk to, to share her thoughts with. Someone with the same experiences, who could know how she felt. And she found herself oddly grateful that Yelena seemed to share in this desire for… friendship.

-----------------------------(34 years before present)“Tell me,” Yelena asked one day, finding Natasha alone in meditation, “why do you prefer the hand crossbow to the dagger? I know you are not a coward, you train hard every day. I have seen you dance, I have seen you ply our craft with every weapon in our armory, and with the way you move, I would think the dagger would suit you far better. Why would you adopt a weapon that requires distance and aim when you could have the close precision of a poisoned blade? It seems to me unsporting and disingenuous to our patron goddess to prefer to attack from afar.”Natasha shook her head. “Zinzerena is not such a zealot to insist that her works be performed solely by a dagger to back. The strength of an assassin is to kill without detection and by whatever means necessary. Besides, close combat is not my preference. Call it what you will, but I learned quite young that to allow your enemies near enough for the use of a blade is folly in the guise of bravery. Strike from a distance. If not to kill outright, then to disable. Move in, strike quickly, do what you need, and be gone.”“You were no older than I when the Widows’ Web took you in,” Yelena said slowly. “I was still a mere child of 22 when I first met you.”“Do I look so young still?” Natasha said, laughing a little. “No, I am older than I appear. I have a full two decades of experience on you. And that experience has taught me that to decide to dispatch an enemy ‘unsportingly’ from a distance is to decide to live another day.”Yelena took a half step back, surprise registering on her face. “You have never told me this before. You lived outside of the Web for so long? What is it like out there? I barely remember my family, though I believe they were nobles of some rank. I remember my mother bringing me here, proud but afraid for my survival. She was not concerned with her own life, only that I would live through whatever cataclysm drove her to the Braeryn.”Natasha sighed. “The dead do not concern us. We live, and the Widows are our family.”“All the family I ever knew is dead,” Yelena said, sitting down next to Natasha. “I barely had any time with them. My mother gave me to the Widows so that I would survive. What was it like to have a family?”“The Widows are my family, are your family. Before the Widows, I wouldn’t know,” Natasha said quietly, her voice ice. “My life before was of no importance. We had no name, no House, rogues of the Braeryn, living hand to mouth. My family sold me to serve a House of middling importance for barely enough coin to sustain themselves for a month. It was in that House that I learned that to keep my distance and to hide in the shadows was to spare myself from pain and injury.“Eventually, I managed to convince one of the younger daughters of the house that she could get a better price if she in turn sold me to the Widows, and with that money, scheme to advance her place in our city’s hierarchy; perhaps one day she would have need of an assassin. All nobles are paranoid and greedy, wishing only to rise in power, to rise to join the Ruling Council, and terrified that someone else will cut them down to do the same. Her greed was easy to manipulate, and thus, here I am.” Natasha swept her arm out, nearly hitting Yelena. It was no less than a calculated move. “The Widows are my family; I have never had any other, nor will I ever.”Yelena’s face went solemn as she considered Natasha’s words. “What a small family we are,” she finally spoke after a long silence. “Six Widows in our Web, no more than a few dozen scattered across the length and breadth of Menzoberranzan, not even knowing where the other Webs are woven.”“Small, but they are our family,” Natasha said, her voice much softer, warmer now. “Do not worry yourself with things that once were and will never be again. Our lives only move forward.”“Of course,” Yelena said, subdued.“If you need a distraction, I can teach you a trick or two with the hand crossbow,” Natasha offered.“I would like that, thank you,” Yelena said, offering a rare smile.

“Babolax have tales! Big tales! Tales from drow-city! Important tales! Yous want to hear this tales!” the squirming goblin kept saying, repeating his words as the big farmer hauled him unceremoniously off to the Moon Garrison.“I know, I know!” the farmer said, holding the goblin more firmly under her arm. “That’s why I didn’t let my dog eat you. I’m taking you off to tell your tales to people who can do something about them.”“No! Dog no eating Babolax! Babolax have important tales! Yous no eating Babolax!” Babolax yelped, squirming more furiously, but still held tight.The farmer sighed. Goblins. Armies of them were dangerous, but individually? More of a pest and an annoyance than anything else. And if this one hadn’t been sporting a drow brand on his shoulder… Escaped drow slaves were rare, and even a goblin could be a source of information on that secretive subterranean elf race. The gods knew Silverymoon and any other cities, towns, or villages even remotely close to Menzoberranzan, their wicked capital, needed every bit of information to keep themselves safe. The drow came without warning, without pity, slaughtering entire villages before descending back beneath the earth before the sun rose and before the Silver Knights or the Moon Garrison or anyone, even a roving ranger, could be alerted.She hitched the goblin up a little higher, a little tighter, and gripped her dog’s collar more firmly. She was almost at the city wall; she’d be in the gates and at the Garrison in no time at all. Let someone with the proper training deal with this godsforsaken goblin.

Steve tried very hard to control his expression. It wouldn’t do to try to intimidate the goblin—he’d only curl up into a cowering, whimpering ball and spend the next ten minutes to half an hour repeating ‘Babolax have important tales! No eating Babolax!’ until he had calmed down enough to answer questions again. Babolax—more like Babble-lax, Steve thought with a hint of a laugh. He didn’t think he’d ever had to deal with anyone who talked as much as this goblin did and, in doing so, said fewer things.“Yes, thank you,” Steve said with practiced calm, folding his hands on the table between Babolax and himself. “You had been speaking of a ‘secret weapon’ that the drow are making. What do you know about this weapon?”“Oh yes, secret weapon. Very very very secret. Big secret. Big dangerous,” Babolax said, nodding his head. “Mistress would talk about it sometimes if shes forget Babolax is around. Babolax not supposed to hear, but Babolax heared. Is big secret, big cold magic, take long long time to make perfecting. Drow making secret weapon to use against humans, something humans not see coming. Not look drow. Can be in sunlight. Can work in daytime, when drows cannot work.”“You speak about this weapon as if it’s alive,” Steve said. “Is it a construct? A rogue modron?”“Not knowing what those are,” Babolax said, shaking his head vigorously. His manacles clanked with the motion of his head and body. “Mistress say human weapon. Living weapon. Cold weapon, sometimes Babolax sees coldburns on drow that speaks to Mistress about big weapon. That what Babolax knows. Big cold secret human weapon. Very big dangerous.”“And that’s all you can tell me? Only that it’s a big cold secret human weapon?” Steve asked. He felt like he had repeated the same question in every permutation of words possible over the past hour. Maybe it was time to put this goblin back into his cell and let one of his superiors figure out what to do with him.“Very big dangerous secret human weapon,” Babolax said again. “Babolax tell yous everything hes knows. Please no be eating Babolax now.”“No one’s going to eat you,” Steve said, standing up and pushing his chair in. “I can assure you of that. Someone will be in shortly to return you to your cell.”He knocked on the door, heard the latch turn, and let the door swing open. He passed through the doorway, deep in thought. If true, this was a concerning piece of news. His gut told him that this goblin was telling him what he believed to be the truth, but goblins were well-known exaggerators, and could often convince themselves of a lie if repeated often enough. They’d keep the goblin for at least a few more days, see if his story changed, then figure out what to do with him. They couldn’t send him back to Menzoberranzan, but they couldn’t just kill him, either. He might be a goblin, but he hadn’t done anything to deserve that.  Steve thought he’d have to keep working at Babolax, then do a little research of his own, see if he could find any other sources to confirm or deny this report.

“And what did the goblin call it again?” Sam asked, pausing briefly to give a smile and a nod and a thanks to the barmaid bringing his and Steve’s drinks to them at their usual table in the corner of the pub.“A ‘very big dangerous secret human weapon,’ and every attempt to get more detail out of him was met with some variation of that, sometimes with the word ‘cold’ thrown in. I don’t think he actually ever saw the weapon, only repeated what few things he overheard his drow mistress say about it. I doubt the drow would have allowed him to overhear anything of much importance, even if they had overlooked his presence as beneath their notice,” Steve replied. He took a deep breath, sighed out some of his frustration, and sipped his ale.Sam nodded his agreement. “Yeah, that sounds about right. I’ll start getting the word out among the rangers. I’ll ask around if anyone’s heard rumors of drow raiders or drow weapons. There hasn’t been a substantiated raid in nearly a year, but we’ll be ready for them when they come.”“We will,” Steve agreed heartily.“But,” Sam added, “we rangers have heard a few reports over the past six months from traders, adventurers, and some of the outlying villages and about sealed crates being broken open with most of their valuable contents left behind, storerooms rifled through, and odd things going missing that people have been quick to blame on drow scouts.”“That’s odd behavior for drow,” Steve said, wrinkling his brow.“I know,” Sam agreed. “Drow aren’t common sneak-thieves. And one small band of adventurers swears to every god and goddess in all the realms that they were awakened one moonless night in their camp by a drow poking through their packs. They say the only thing stolen was a pair of what they called ‘goggles of night,’ which allowed the wearer to see in pitch darkness. Drow can already see in their lightless world, so why would they need those goggles? Far more likely some rogue decided that such a valuable item would benefit them. In the dark, one cloak looks much like another, and what better way to frighten one’s marks than to make it look like a piwafwi? After all, what human’s going to chase after a drow in the dark? The drow has clear advantage, even when outnumbered.”“Oh, sure, rub it in that we humans are one of the few races who can’t see in the dark,” Steve teased, grinning.“Hey, I may have my mother’s eyes, but my father was a human. I’m only half-elven and quite fond of both halves of my heritage,” Sam countered, giving Steve a friendly elbow.Steve laughed, then sighed again, grin disappearing as his thoughts returned again to the goblin’s tale. He looked down into his ale, twisting the mug around in his hands. “This goblin is a more complicated problem than I like. On one hand, I find the word of a goblin to be far less reliable than we need it to be, but on the other hand, this lull in drow activity might very well substantiate his claim. And if it does, then we need to be on our guard, need to find out what this weapon consists of and how they plan to use it against us.”“If the goblin’s telling the truth, we’ll find out,” Sam said. “The word will go out, and if anyone knows anything, hears anything, even the most preposterous rumors, information will come back to us. Silverymoon will be ready as ever when the drow come, secret weapon or no.”

House Schaede was the First House of Menzoberranzan. Every House and every houseless looked up to them, feared them, wished to be them. Or, nearly every houseless. As head of the First House, as the highest of Lolth’s high priestesses, it galled Matron Mother Sinthea to no end that her goddess should have to endure the presence of a cult of Zinzerena in her city. Blasphemers, all of them, Matron Sinthea thought, gripping the arm of her chair—more of a throne, really—as she waited for her guest to arrive. And she knew that while Lolth and Zinzerena may have a wary truce, she also knew that her goddess would be well pleased with her if she could manage to reduce the number of Zinerena’s followers in her city. The only way to kill a deity was to kill their followers; true divine power lay in the people. What was a goddess with no faithful to exhort her with their prayers and paeans?Matron Sinthea tapped her long nails against the stone armrest, waiting. She hadn’t become Matron Mother of the First House without knowing a thing or two about the minds and the motivations of her fellow drow, especially those noble-born. Hierarchy was everything. The higher one’s House, the better life one would live. And what a spur the desire for safety and comfort was. The last survivor of the former House Bel’ova desired nothing more than the return to the affluence and the comforts that one of the eight Ruling Council families could provide. And to be folded into the Schaede family? What more could a Menzoberranyr drow desire?A faint chime, audible only to her, sounded, and Matron Sinthea snapped her fingers. A goblin slave practically sprinted up to the foot of her throne.“Yes Matron Mother? What do yous wishes?” the goblin said in rudimentary drow. Though all drow who passed through the schools of Tier Breche, even the brief education received by commoners, understood the common pidgin of the Underdark, nobles rarely deigned to speak any but the native language of the drow. It was unbecoming.“Light the candles. My guest arrives,” Matron Sinthea ordered.The goblin bowed obsequiously, ran to fetch flint and tinder, and returned rapidly to light the precious candles. For a drow, whose eyes were sensitive to visible light to the point of pain, to order the lighting of any kind of fire, it must be a special occasion indeed, an honored guest. The goblin struck the flint carefully, watching as the sparks caught the wick of the first candle, used that to light the second candle, and then placed the heavy silk shades over the candles, diffusing their light. He looked up at the Matron Mother. She didn’t even blink in the light. One finger flicked, dismissing him. He scurried out of the room.

Yelena squinted against the light as the doors opened to the Schaede family chapel. She thought she could make out the figure of Matron Sinthea seated on her throne on the dais at the head of the chapel, flanked by two bright flames. Letting her eyes adjust to the visible spectrum, she stepped forward towards the dais. And nearly stumbled when she saw Matron Schaede in the light. Typical drow hair was stark white, but Matron Sinthea’s hair was an unnatural blood red, elaborately braided and coiled close to her skull. In darkvision, her hair looked no different from any other drow’s; she showed her wealth and power by acquiring precious goods from the World Above, dyes and candles, lighting fires, simply to intimidate those who came to see her.Yelena didn’t care to admit it, but it was working. This female before her was clearly a drow of power. She climbed the dais to the foot of the throne and knelt low in obeisance before the Matron Mother of House Schaede.“Matron Sinthea has summoned me and I have come,” Yelena said, eyes still on the floor. “What does one as powerful as you, Matron Mother, wish from someone as lowly as myself?”“Rise, child,” Matron Sinthea commanded. “And fear not, your ‘Web’,” the condescension in her voice quite evident, “knows nothing of where you are. They believe you off on a legitimate call. Listen carefully, for I will not repeat myself. I had heard whispers that a daughter of House Bel’ova survived the massacre decades ago. If true, why had she not come forward to accuse the offending house? Why not indeed. If she had been taken in by blasphemers, indoctrinated into their lies, stolen away from the arms of our true goddess Lolth, that would explain why. I would tell you to go before the Council and explain your claim, but the offending house, too, has been destroyed, grown too greedy with their believed success against House Bel’ova.“Where then would a daughter of House Bel’ova turn if she found herself wishing for justice? And who would she seek justice against?” Matron Sinthea held her hands out in a gesture of questioning. “Worry not, child, I have the answers you desire. The blasphemers who serve the unworthy Zinzerena lead you to believe that you had no place in drow society but their tangled and poisoned web. This is untrue. House Schaede has room for you. All that we require is your assistance. One night, we will decide when, you will silence the alarms and stifle the protective runes around the Widows’ Web. You will set a magical beacon, and I shall send my Soldier to help you destroy the Black Widows. He requires a proper test, and I believe this will prove sufficient.”“You are sending soldiers?” Yelena asked, surprised, and unable to stop herself from speaking. She flinched as Matron Sinthea glared down at her.“Not soldiers, not drow,” Matron Sinthea expounded, unable (or unwilling) not to brag about her little project. “A human thrall. I call him the Soldier because that is his duty. And if he proves obedient and competent assisting you in the destruction of the Black Widows, then he shall be sent to the World Above to sow chaos. A human may pass without suspicion in the burning light of the World Above. Send him often enough, and villages, towns, entire regions can be destabilized, weakening them and leaving them unprepared for our raids. Then we will take what we deserve—revenge against the wicked faerie elves and all the goods and wealth we have been denied by the dwellers in the World Above.”Yelena gasped. “Oh, Matron Mother, that is ingenious.”“It is, is it not?” Matron Sinthea preened. A goblin slave scurried into the room with a tiny brass bowl, filled with a pungent liquor, and a small, thin torch about the size of a stick of incense. “I have one more thing you must do for me before I send you back.”“Anything you ask, Matron Mother.”“Take this bowl and hold out your right hand over it.”

Matron Sinthea pulled out her ceremonial dagger from her belt and quickly nicked Yelena’s first finger. Her blood dripped into the bowl, mingling with the liquor. Matron Sinthea flicked the torch into the flame of one of the candles and whisked it quickly over to dip into the bowl. She muttered a few words as the liquor caught fire in a brief but brilliant blaze.Yelena nearly dropped the bowl in surprise, squeezing her eyes shut against the painful brightness, but managed to steady herself. It would not do for her to show weakness in front of the Matron Mother of House Schaede.“It is done,” Matron Sinthea announced as the flames died out as quickly as they lit. “This bowl shall serve as the beacon. Place it under your bed and it will call to you, and you alone, when it is time. If you wish to join House Schaede and level justice on the blasphemers who tried to steal you away from our true goddess, you will not fail.”“I shall not fail,” Yelena repeated. She bowed again as Matron Sinthea dismissed her.

--------------------“Success as usual?” Natasha asked as Yelena slipped back in late that evening.“Of course,” Yelena answered flippantly.“Wait, your finger… you’re injured,” Natasha said, noticing the minute wound as Yelena passed her. “Are you sure you left no evidence?”“None at all,” Yelena replied. “It’s barely a scratch, it will heal. Though, perhaps I may listen a little more closely when you speak of using distance to your advantage,” she added with a laugh.Natasha smirked and shook her head.

Yelena was a seasoned Black Widow. She did not show her emotions if it did not suit her. If she were to admit it to herself, there were a few things she was grateful to the Widows’ Web for teaching her. She pushed her nerves down and ate her dinner in silence with her fellow Widows. If the plan was to succeed, there must be no evidence of her betrayal. The bowl beneath her bed had whispered to her as she slept, telling her tonight is the night, all must be set and ready. She knew very well how crucial it would be that she play her part without the slightest error. If she were to be discovered, the Widows would kill her without remorse as a traitor. The price of failure was steep, but Yelena was confident. The Widows had taught her to succeed.She ate her dinner and waited. When the time was right, she would bring the Schaedes’ Soldier in and then…? Yelena smiled secretly to herself. Then, she would have a House again.

Natasha woke abruptly, a soft, familiar sound drawing her out of her sleep—the sound a body makes when its throat is cut and it breathes its last. She lay still in her bed, suddenly hyperaware of her surroundings, trying to take in as much information as she could before the intruder realized she was awake. She parted her eyelids just enough to peer into the room, eyes darting from side to side. She saw the cold darkness of the sheer, windowless, stone walls of the Widows’ dormitory and warm, sleeping bodies in all the cots. No movement, nothing. Everyone sleeping except for her. She shifted as if turning in her sleep and slipped her hand under her pillow to grasp her knife. She waited, ready to spring if anyone entered the dormitory. The Widows’ Web was protected by wards and sigils, but even those could be broken by the very talented and very persistent.Natasha blinked. She thought she had seen movement, a cold, dark shape against the cold darkness of the walls. It wasn’t the camouflage of a piwafwi, she knew what that looked like. This was a shadow of a shadow, a trick of her brain. Had she seen anything? Heard anything? The four other Widows slept as if nothing had happened. If something had been there, then they surely would have woken. Perhaps she was being too suspicious.She waited. Natasha relaxed her body, keeping herself limber and ready to strike, but with all the appearance of being deep asleep. She clutched her knife.Then, chaos. The whisper of a blade and the death-spasms of one of her fellow Widows, unmistakable this time. Natasha’s eyes flew open and she sprang to her feet, knife in hand, a movement mirrored by the three remaining living Widows. Natasha decided the sound that first woke her must have been the Headmistress’s death, given her worrying non-appearance. Valaeriya’s body lay in her bed, cooling blood pooling around the ragged, grinning wound in her neck. A smear of darkness between them, a flash of dim green faerie fire erupted over Aniicha’s body, cast by Dina, trying to catch the shadow, then another cry that became abruptly a gurgle as she fell in a spray of blood. The spell faded as its caster died. Aniicha wove and rolled, trying to make her position less clear. Natasha darted away, putting as much distance between her and her foe or foes as she could, trying to track the shadow, track her allies.Slowing her breathing, Natasha focused on the limited magic native within every drow. If she could find her hidden foe, she could cast faerie fire upon them, illuminate their form and give her a target, like Dina had tried and failed to do. She knew not what magic was keeping her foe hidden, but she knew that attempting to counter it was her best hope of survival, even if it meant expending the not insignificant energy to twist the Weave and draw forth the magic innate within her.Yelena cried out, dropping to the ground and rolling to dodge an unseen strike. Natasha pivoted towards the cry to see if she could find the attacker, but saw nothing but darkness. The brief distraction was all her enemy needed, and Natasha felt arms, strong and unnaturally cold, wrap around her, pinning her arms to her sides. She couldn’t tell if her foe was armored or not—one arm felt pliant like flesh, but the other hard and metallic like platemail, as cold as ice to the touch but invisible against their surroundings. What kind of magic was this? She called out to her fellow Widows, asking any of them to target her with the spell. She would accept the disadvantage of faerie fire if it meant her invisible foe would also be illuminated. She struggled against the grasp, squirming and trying to keep her foe off-balance, keep their knife from her neck.  She felt it pierce her shoulder, cutting through her thin nightshirt and through her skin, slicing into the muscle. The sleeve tore away, tangling around her arm, the wound burned with icy pain, but she was still alive, and as long as she was alive, she would fight.

A flash of violet as Aniicha’s spell burst around her. Natasha’s eyes watered as the light, dim though it was to non-drow eyes, assaulted her vision at such a close range. The arm around her glowed in the same hue, and she took her opportunity to attack. She brought her knife up to slice at the wrist where she could reach it. She felt a stinging cold rush over her hand and forearm as her knife sliced into her foe’s flesh, but she gritted her teeth and held onto her weapon. Her foe grunted and loosened their grip; Natasha went limp, dropping abruptly down, freeing herself. She rolled back to her feet just in time to see Yelena’s dagger fly across the room and embed itself deep in Aniicha’s neck, severing her spine.Aniicha fell. Natasha screamed in rage. She caught a brief glimpse of her foe, limned in cold violet flames, before Aniicha’s spell ended. A male, with odd crystalline lenses over his eyes, like the smoked quartz the high priestesses wore during fire rituals, and not a drow. He was taller than even the tallest drow female she had seen, and of no race she had ever seen before in Menzoberranzan. Human, a little part of her mind suggested. She had heard stories of the humans who lived in the World Above, foes of the drow, allies to the faerie elves who had warred with the drow and banished them to the darkness so many millennia ago. But humans did not have darkvision like the drow did. They could not see in the pitch black of the Underdark. She must be mistaken; he could not be human. Perhaps he was a particularly tall orc, one of the half-breeds they sometimes encountered.But whatever he was, he was injured, too, now. His blood dripped from his wound, and unless he took the time to bind his wrist and stop the bleeding, he would leave a trail for her to follow, a target to aim for. Yelena stepped forward, blocking Natasha’s path and trying to distract her from the invisible assailant, leave her vulnerable. It had been no misthrow of Yelena’s, no unfortunate error in the chaos of close combat that had slain Aniicha.“Why?” Natasha asked, her voice low and vicious as she disentangled her ruined sleeve from her arm. Yelena had betrayed her family, had betrayed the friendship Natasha had thought they had shared. Natasha sidestepped, keeping active, keeping on her toes. She kept Yelena in her sight and tried to find her camouflaged foe, tried to follow the blood drops before they cooled, tried to listen for movement, breathing, tried to feel for slight shifts in the air, tried to see the subtlest changes in temperature of the walls around her that would indicate the presence of her cold foe.“Why not? The Widows stole my name, my legacy,” Yelena called back, circling. “I will earn back my place by ending this web of lies and treachery.”“Your House is dead and gone, long since turned to dust. You would have been slaughtered with the rest of your accursed family in the power struggles of the high Houses had the Widows not taken you in. Who else would accept a princess of a failed House and eradicated name, marked for death by every tradition you seem to hold dear? The nobles of this city care for nothing but power and hierarchy. If you cannot give them either of those, you are worth less to them than scum on a fish-pond,” Natasha said, trying to keep her voice calm, in spite of her inner worries. Her shoulder hurt, skin frost-burned, wound still bleeding freely, and she feared it would hamper her if her foes could close in on her. Despite her efforts, she had not yet located her shadowy enemy. He must be here somewhere, waiting, biding his time, but she could not find him. She swallowed back the icy fear of being forced to face an opponent who could hide from even her.“I will destroy the Black Widows!” Yelena screamed, stooping briefly to wrench her dagger free from Aniicha’s neck. She charged at Natasha. “And in doing so, I will earn back my rightful place in Menzoberranzan!”Slashing out wildly with her knife as she sidestepped, Natasha dodged Yelena’s charge, drawing an angry snarl from the drow she had once considered her friend. Conflicting emotions swirled within her. She was a Black Widow, she wasn’t supposed to have emotions—they were practiced killers to whom assassination came naturally, acts of devotion to please their goddess. But this treachery stirred feelings of anger, betrayal, confusion, disappointment in her. Weakness. To have believed that she could have a friend had made her weak, had hidden from her the signs of treason in the Web.“They lied to you. No House will accept you,” Natasha called back, eyes darting around the room, trying to find anything that could help her. She had never considered being outnumbered to be a disadvantage—it never had been before. If she wanted to live, she would have to make her move soon to escape the confines of the dormitory. She didn’t dare turn her back on Yelena, given her prowess at throwing knives. If she could see Yelena, then she stood a chance of dodging the blade. To show her back was to paint herself as a bright target, but to focus on Yelena was to leave herself vulnerable to the shadowed foe. His wrist still bled, fresh blood hot and bright against the cold stone, but the flow had slowed leaving his whereabouts in question. Questionable, but not unknowable if she focused.“No, it is you who have been lied to,” Yelena replied, tossing her knife lightly from hand to hand, waiting for her opportunity. “I have already been taken in by a House of power and prestige. They want me. All I have to do now is kill you and my place is assured.”“What happens if you fail?” Natasha asked, stalling as she began to formulate a plan.“I will not fail. I learned from you—you cannot outmaneuver me, you cannot outthink me. My House has provided for me, and you are outmatched. Accept your fate,” Yelena crowed, circling slowly closer to Natasha.Natasha paused briefly, as if unsure of her next move. Yelena was between her and the doorway. If the nearly cool blood trail told true, her invisible foe had taken up a position next to the single door, waiting for her to attempt an escape. She could throw her knife at him, risking it being deflected by his magical armor, and leaving herself unarmed and vulnerable. She could attempt to dodge his inevitable attack, but Yelena would seize the opportunity. If she attacked Yelena, surely he would move to her defense, and she didn’t believe her shoulder would allow her to fight off two enemies at close range. There was an option, but it was a risky gambit. It would put her at the same disadvantage as Yelena, and she would have to seek deep within her to find the energy to cast two spells in quick succession. Just because the ability to cast a few specific spells came naturally to all drow, didn’t mean it was effortless. She steeled herself.Taking a deep breath, focusing her mind, Natasha appeared to drop her guard. Her body relaxed visibly. Yelena grinned, wide and predatory. She closed on Natasha, ready to make the killing strike. Just before Yelena came within arm’s length of her, an orb of utter darkness, impenetrable even by drow vision, bloomed and expanded around Natasha, enveloping her and Yelena. This magical darkness, however, was only the beginning of her plan. The Black Widows had been trained to fight in this blind darkness, relying on their other senses. Natasha only had the briefest moment of Yelena’s surprise to dodge her knife. As soon as Yelena had passed her, her startled gasp loud in the inky blackness, Natasha dispelled the darkness and cast faerie fire in its place.Natasha squeezed her eyes tightly shut against the light, drawing deep within her for every ounce of magic she could, the cold flames flaring more brightly than usual and licking out wide over the room. The light clawed at Natasha’s closed eyelids, and Yelena howled with pain as the faerie fire dazzled her sensitive eyes.Yelena’s knife clattered against the stone floor.

Natasha dashed forward to where she knew the doorway stood. She knew her invisible foe stood between her and her freedom, but she prayed that he, too, was startled, maybe even blinded, by the turquoise faerie fire. She slashed out wildly with her knife as she reached the doorway. She felt the bite of steel in her arm, an icy chill blooming over the wound, as she passed, but so too did she feel the catch of her knife in flesh and the same numbing cold that had spread over her hand when she had injured him before. Her fingers spasmed and she dropped her weapon, but she was through the doorway and out of the immediate fray. She fled, eyes still shut against lingering faerie fire and its unnatural brightness.Casting the spell so brightly had drained her, but Natasha’s flight response pushed her onwards, fighting fatigue to try to reach somewhere safe. She would have to flee the city, but if it meant she would live, then she could find a new home. The Widows’ Web had been her home, her shelter, her refuge for nearly a century, but she couldn’t afford to be sentimental about it. She had to stay alive. Her cold-numbed hands fumbled and found the knob of the outer door of the Widows’ Web and she whispered the secret words to unlock it, slipping through. Shutting the door behind her, she blinked her eyes against the residual lights, sparkling in her vision, made more apparent in the darkness of the sleeping-hours. Narbondel was fully dark, not yet reawakened by the Archmage of the city for the start of the day.Natasha entered the street, knowing how out of place she looked in only her bloodied nightclothes. Those who had reason (or those who did not) to be out in the nighttime dressed for their tasks, cloaked in dark piwafwis. She had not had time to stop and grab hers, and unless she found one unattended she would have to go without and pray that Zinzerena had enough power and influence to keep her safe until she had reached the city wall. She couldn’t stay in Menzoberranzan. She had never been outside of its walls, but even the tales of the perilous wilds of the Underdark could not deter her. Better to take that gamble than to remain in the city where whichever high House had marked her for death would inevitably find her, no matter where or how well she hid.

-----------------------------Yelena gave a sigh of relief as the faerie fire faded and died as abruptly as it had flared to life. Her eyes watered with pain and her vision was bleached white, only the vaguest outlines of shapes discernable, as she knelt on the floor, head spinning with the overstimulation. Her relief rapidly turned to fear, turning her stomach as she realized what the cessation of the lights meant: Natasha was too far away to maintain her concentration on the spell. She had failed in her mission to eradicate the Black Widows. Natasha was injured, but she was still alive, somewhere out there in the city.Yelena startled at the light touch of a cold hand on her shoulder, but she managed to compose herself as she realized who it was. The Schaede’s Soldier, offering her his hand to help her to her feet. She accepted, thanking him. Perhaps this was not a complete failure. He had proved nearly impossible to track in the darkness with the cold spell enveloping him, and had shown no hesitation in following his orders to kill the sleeping Headmistress or the fighting Widows. She would return with him to House Schaede and report—honestly—to the Matron Mother the night’s events. Once she had recovered from the blinding lights, once the Soldier had had his wounds treated, they would set out and find Natasha and finish the job.

Natasha crept through the Braeryn, utilizing every back alley and hidden pathway she could remember. She had to move stealthily but quickly—had to make it out of the city before the populace began to wake for the day. She needed to find a way out of the city, something she had never needed to know before. If she could make it to the wall undetected, maybe she could find a way past it. If the city needed patrols to keep itself safe from its enemies and the beasts of the Underdark, then there must be ways in and out besides the main gates.She pushed on.

-------------------------Yelena stood before Matron Sinthea, scared out of her wits. The Matron Mother of House Schaede, usually unreadable, looked disappointed. Matron Sinthea circled slowly around her Soldier, murmuring the words to lift the spell that kept him hidden from the drow’s darkvision. As he became fully visible, she frowned at the extent of his wounds; a gash on his right wrist, clotting but ragged, another in the flesh of the upper arm, still bleeding slowly.“I should not have thought I would have had to armor my Soldier for a simple stealth mission with a trained assassin. My magic and your purported skillset should have been enough, and yet you return him to me bloodied. The one who did this, she is dead, I assume?” Matron Sinthea asked, her voice flat and venomous.Yelena paused, unwilling or unable to answer directly. “Matron Mother, forgive me, but one target awoke before we could finish our job. Forgive also my asking, but if he could be armored so,” she gestured towards the Soldier’s left arm, covered in metal plates so flush to the arm as to appear to be skin, so finely jointed as to move without even a whisper, “could that not be made to cover his whole body?”“That is not armor, that is his arm, and its creation cost me dearly. I had to have the raw metal stolen from the World Above because our adamantine rots in the accused sun’s light,” Matron Sinthia snapped. “He came to me damaged, wounded. My surgeons fixed him with this metal limb, made him better than before, and I sculpted him into my perfect Soldier. Armor should not have been necessary for the task I gave you! You and he were to kill sleeping drow in their beds, something even the simplest male trainees in Melee-Magthere can manage on their own.”“But the trainees there compete against each other, they have every reason to wish a rival dead,” Yelena said, the words spilling desperately from her mouth.“And you did not? I ask again: is the one who did this to my soldier dead?” Matron Sinthea asked, one hand protectively, possessively on the Soldier’s injured arm even as her surgeons arrived to take him away to have his wounds cared for.“She escaped,” Yelena answered in a whisper, shrinking from Matron Sinthea’s blazing stare. “But I can track her, I can find her again, take care of her for you—”Matron Sinthea lashed out, striking Yelena with her open hand, knocking her to the floor, a hot, angry welt rising on her cheek. “I gave you a simple task! You could not complete it. You are unworthy of the name of House Schaede, you are unworthy of the title ‘assassin.’ I should have left you where you were, let your ‘sisters’ deal with the traitor in their midst. You made a blood promise to me to eliminate the Widows’ Web and you broke that promise. Blood must be repaid with blood.”Yelena’s eyes darted wildly around the room, looking for the escape she knew she would never find.

-------------------------Natasha collapsed onto the floor of the small cave, exhausted. She had climbed, injured arm, numbed fingers, and exhausted body protesting in pain with every movement. She had climbed up the rough cliff face and through the wide tunnels, ever upward, to this narrow crevice. The opening was small, barely large enough for her to squeeze through, but that just meant that it was unlikely anyone or anything else would be able to follow her in. It was an unexpected blessing that it had opened up into a little cavern a few feet beyond the opening. The little cave was warmer than she was used to, but as she glanced around and saw no body heat, she found a sheltered nook, curled up, and allowed herself to fall into a deep sleep.

Tymora must be smiling down upon us today, Sam thought. Well, he hoped it was Tymora, and not her more fickle sister Beshaba. He had been on his way back to Silverymoon when he had been flagged down by a distressed man who introduced himself as the foreman leading the work on the new Dancing Bear Winery being built just past the southern tip of the Cold Wood.“I swear it, Ander says there’s a drow sleeping or hiding or something in the back-end of that twisty cave that the new winery wants broken down for their cellars,” the foreman said, wringing his cloth cap in his hands. “He’s a good worker, but a bit slow. He doesn’t tend towards exaggeration, so if he says he’s seen a drow, then he’s sure he has. I’ve called all my workers back out and set a guard, but I think you should come see. We’re none of us sure what we should do.”“You did well clearing the cave and setting a guard,” Sam said. “Give me a moment to send off a message, then you can lead me there, and I can see if I can handle this problem on my own or if I’ll need to wait until backup arrives.”“Oh, thank you,” the foreman said, inclining his head. “We’re all grateful to you rangers for your service to our fair city and her lands.”“It’s our duty and my pleasure,” Sam replied, nodding back. He dug in his beltpouch for his travel-quill and ink and a scrap of parchment, scribbled off a quick note on the parchment, and secured it in the little tube on Redwing’s leg. He murmured a few words in the magical language that let him communicate with animals, and sent the hawk off to deliver the message to the Moon Garrison.

Sam stepped into the cave, nowhere near finished for its future task of storing casks of wine. As he moved forward, the sunlight behind him dimmed, eventually diminishing to blackness as the passageway twisted. The stonecutters would have their work cut out for them to get this cave into any shape for a wine cellar, he thought as he pushed forward through the twists and turns. As quickly as the thought appeared, he shook his head, banishing it from his mind. That was a distraction he didn’t need with a potential drow lying in wait ahead of him. Though he was quite well-trained enough to hold his own against a lone drow in single combat, he would need to be alert, ready for whatever would come. He held his shortsword at the ready and moved cautiously forward.The cave walls narrowed further as Sam continued in, leaving little room to maneuver traditional weapons; he hoped it would open up again as he went, but he knew he should prepare as if it would not. Though rangers didn’t have the same control of magic that wizards or druids had, he knew a good handful of useful spells to help him in his duties. Mentally running through his list, he decided on a couple that could prove useful in close-quarters combat. Taking advantage of the narrowness of the cave passage, he knelt to begin setting his first spell.

Natasha awoke slowly to a bright light and heavy footsteps on stone. Struggling through exhaustion and blinded by the light, she fought her way back to alertness. As she blinked awake, the footsteps stopped, then receded rapidly, taking the light with them.  Had Yelena and her shadow managed to track her? No, they wouldn’t need light; her only consolation. She groaned silently as she stood, still sore from her fight and her flight. She wished she still had her knife on her, but she would make do, defending herself with anything at hand; she stooped to pick up a stone. She waited, hidden, trying to determine where the footsteps had come from, trying to determine how many feet, whether they would return, and what kind of a danger they might prove. She had to decide whether she would disappear back from where she had come, or if she would have to fight her way forward. To go back was to put herself into known danger, Yelena and her shadow and whichever House had tried to exterminate the Widows. To go forward was to face the unknown.She stopped, breathless, waiting for the footsteps to return. They did not, but that didn’t mean she was safe. She crouched down onto the balls of her feet, steeling herself for a fight she didn’t want. She waited.There, the footsteps again. Natasha paused to listen. One person, light on their feet, different feet from before. Not drow, though. They sounded too large, too loud. Far too loud, also, for the shadow. The shadow was large, but as light on his feet as any drow. This person or creature walked lightly, but still too heavily to be a resident of the Underdark, where to tread so would be to broadcast one’s location to every monster around. Between these footsteps and the light earlier, she must be nearing the World Above, a thought that filled her with dread. She had heard tales of that place, how during the hours of the day, it burned under a light called ‘sun’ far more brilliant than any faerie fire or Narbondel at its brightest. Even the nighttime in the World Above was lighted, tales came back with the raiders, told and retold hundreds of times as they passed through the strata of Menzoberranzan, of pale fires in the sky that twinkled like tiny pinpricks of faerie fire. These tales, rumors, stories, how much truth they had in them, she wasn’t sure. The only thing she was sure of was the need to move forward, away from the Underdark. She would take her chances in the World Above. If she had to, she could find a dark cave, away from the light, sleep during the day and wake at night. She was a survivor, and no matter the difficulties, she would find a way to survive.She pushed forward, crouching down low and creeping along the wall of the cave, noting as the passage twisted and narrowed the further along she went. The blind curves would allow her a degree of camouflage, but if she were to come face to face with whoever’s footsteps she was hearing, she would have to turn tail and run; there wouldn’t be enough room for her to squeeze past anything larger than a particularly runty goblin. She turned her stone over in her hand and continued moving.Lost in her thoughts, focused on the source of the sound and her nebulous future, Natasha didn’t notice the faint circle etched into the floor of the cave. Suddenly, without warning, she felt the air leave her lungs as if she had been punched in the gut. Startled, she tumbled, head over feet, dropping her stone, which clinked loudly onto the cave floor, as she was lifted into the air by her ankles. She twisted wildly, cursing out loud in her momentary panic, trying to figure out what had happened to her.Her hands didn’t quite reach the cave floor as she dangled, but she found that she could touch her hands to the walls easily enough. Natasha reached out to stop her slow spin, turning herself to face the direction where she had heard the footsteps. She wriggled her ankles, but they were bound tightly, ensnared in whatever magical trap she had blundered into. She cursed her naivety, her distraction, her exhaustion. Just because there hadn’t been any sigils or wards yet didn’t mean there wouldn’t be any. If she couldn’t notice a simple snare trap, she shouldn’t be allowed to call herself a Black Widow. She gave an angry grunt, bent her waist, and began to lift herself up, climbing the cave walls slowly, braced on her hands. Her best hope now was to try to reach her ankles and disentangle them from the snare as quickly as she could.

Sam heard the startled, angry voice from around the bend in the cave passage. His snare had caught something—or someone. Though he didn’t immediately recognize the language of the words, he could tell that they were words, not mere bestial snarls. He crept quickly but cautiously forward, shortsword in hand, second spell readied. If he had, in fact, snared a drow, he would have precious little time before they managed to cut themselves loose.Lifting his shortsword in a defensive posture, Sam rounded the corner, fully prepared to face the wicked scimitars of an angry drow raider. What he found was a dirty, tired-looking female drow in what appeared to be torn nightclothes, attempting to untie the magical snare around her ankles. Untie. Which meant she was uncharacteristically unarmed, and unlikely to be a high-level spellcaster, either. He stopped short, trying to make sense of what he was seeing. Something tickled at the back of his mind, some tales his grandmother had told him from her youth. It was rare, but she had said that when she was a young child, her village had adopted a drow defector. One night, a lone drow had stumbled into the village, bloodied and exhausted, begging them in halting Elvish not to kill him. He had been born to wealth and power in Ched Nasad, but had grown to detest what the nobility did, what little concern they seemed to have even for their own people, for anything but their pleasures and power struggles. He had fled the Underdark and come to the World Above, to throw himself to the mercies of what he had called the ‘faerie elves,’ his people’s sworn enemies. If he lived, he lived. If he died, then he would die knowing that he would no longer be subsumed beneath the overpowering will of Lolth and her high priestesses’ cruelties. Could this drow dangling before Sam be a defector? There was only one way to know for certain: he’d have to take her alive, bring her back to Silverymoon for questioning.

Natasha lost her grip on her ankles and dropped back down, cursing with pain and frustration as she swung and knocked into the wall again, bruising her back and injured arm. She gritted her teeth and let the snare rotate slowly, eyes squeezed shut against the motion and the pain. When she opened them again, she found a figure before her, male, bearded but with elven features, and dressed in no style she had ever seen in the Underdark. Even from her inverted position, she could tell he was taller and broader than any drow, but not as tall as the shadow Yelena had brought into the Widows’ Web. Was he one of the faerie elves of the World Above, come to kill her? She had escaped death once already, she wasn’t about to go down without a fight. She bared her teeth and cast darkness on him just as he stepped forward to strike.His sword slapped against her arm, the flat of the blade, not the edge. Instead of slicing into her flesh, the sword instead erupted into a tangle of vines, twisting and wrapping around her, binding her arms tightly to her sides and restraining her movement. She swore at him, all the worst curses she could call to mind. Were the faerie elves truly so cruel as to leave their enemies helpless before dispatching them? She would kill without mercy, but she had never toyed with her victims.“If you’re going to kill me, then be done with it,” Natasha spat at her foe.“I do not wish to kill you,” he replied in stiff, if fairly fluent, Drow.“Who are you that you speak my language?” Natasha asked the figure, still enveloped in her darkness spell.“Lift your spell and I will tell you,” he replied calmly.“For what reason should I trust you?”“I have none, only my word.”Natasha pursed her lips and let herself rotate in silence until she was once again facing the orb of darkness. She sighed, speaking a silent entreaty to her chaotic goddess. Zinzerena, my fate is in your hands. If I must die, let him kill me as soon as he sees me. If I am to live, then so be it, I will let this faerie elf do what he will.She let the spell fall.

“Thank you,” Sam said, sheathing his sword—an immense show of trust. “I should introduce myself. I am Samuel, Sam for short. You don’t have to tell me your name, but it will make things easier if I have something to address you by.”The drow glared at him, pink eyes boring into him, looking like she were considering her words carefully. She remained silent long enough to prompt Sam to try a different tack.“This must be uncomfortable for you. Would you prefer I cut you down before we speak more?” Sam asked, placing his hand slowly on the hilt of a dagger, but not closing his fingers to draw it yet.“Fine. Do what you will; cut me down,” the drow replied, the dual meaning of her words clear, her voice resigned.“Try to relax, it will make it easier when you fall,” Sam said, approaching slowly, his body language open, safe, even with his dagger in his hand.The drow glared fire up at him, but she sighed and appeared to relax a little. Sam stepped up and sawed carefully through the snare rope with his dagger. The drow dropped heavily to the floor of the cave, landing with a whump, but barely even an inhalation of breath to show that the fall had hurt.“Is that better?” Sam asked, putting the dagger away and deciding to err on the side of politeness. He wasn’t sure what to make of this drow, why she had come up to the surface. She was oddly surly for a defector, or oddly incompetent for a scout. “I will untie your ankles if you promise not to run. I am going to have to take you back to Silverymoon for some questions. But first, are you injured or just in need of a wash?”The drow narrowed her eyes at him, mouth twisting into a frown. An uncomfortable silence passed before she grumbled a quiet, resigned “Where would I run to?” not really answering his question, still lying on her back on the cave floor.“Well then, that’s settled,” Sam said with a dry laugh. He knelt down to untie the snare rope, but left the magical vines in place.Sam braced himself for a kick to the face as soon as her feet were free, but none came. An odd drow, indeed. He helped her to her feet, holding her as gently as he could. He was getting a feeling that she wasn’t purposely hostile, her behavior more like a wounded animal who had been backed into a corner. She seemingly hadn’t chosen to come to the surface, but instead had been driven here by forces outside of her control. So if he was to be her first contact with the surface-dwellers, he would do his best to give her a good impression. As soon as she was steady on her feet again, Sam pulled his traveling cloak out of his pack and held it up for her to see.“It’s going to be very bright when we leave this cave, would you like to put this on, protect your eyes?” Sam said, giving his cloak a quick shake to fully unfurl it. “The hood isn’t very deep, but it should be better than nothing.”“Fine,” the drow said with a shrug and a frown.Sam carefully draped the cloak around her shoulders, hooking the clasp so it wouldn’t fall off, and pulling the hood up over her head.“Alright, time to leave this cave,” Sam said, putting one hand on her shoulder. Firm enough to hopefully discourage her from trying to make a break for it, but gentle enough to he hoped she could understand that he didn’t want to hurt her. He urged her forward.

As they rounded the last curve and the sunlight spilled into the cave, the drow stopped in her tracks, hissed in pain and ducked her head to let the hood of the cloak fall to cover her eyes. Reflexively, Sam gave her shoulder a reassuring squeeze.“When we get to Silverymoon, I will make sure, wherever you are taken, your room is dark enough for you,” Sam said, pausing alongside her, letting her decide when she was ready to move again.“My eyes will adjust,” the drow said, her tone almost reluctant. “Just give me a moment.”“Take your time,” Sam replied. The longer he spent with this drow, the more confident he grew in his assessment of her—an unwilling defector. Unable to return to her homeland, she would have to find friends, a new home, or wander the land until rage or the elements claimed her. Sam wouldn’t let that happen. Everyone, even a drow, deserved a chance to find some kind of peace in this world. If she answered the Moon Garrison’s questions sufficiently, if she showed her willingness to trust them, work with them, then he would help her find a place on the surface where she could find that peace.The drow sighed, shuffling her feet. “I’m ready.”Sam stepped forward with her, out of the cave, and into the full sunlight.

“Helm protect us all, that’s surely a drow!” the foreman exclaimed, hand to his chest, as Sam and the drow exited the cave. A murmur arose from the small crowd of workers who had gathered around to find out the truth about the drow in the cave.Sam tightened his grip warningly on the drow’s shoulder as she twisted around to glare at the crowd.“Yes, she is,” Sam answered the crowd, switching back to Common. “I’m taking her to Silverymoon for a few questions. She shouldn’t be bothering you again.”“But what about the rest of them?” the foreman asked. “Drow don’t usually come up all alone. Should we be worried about more?”Sam shook his head. “You might want to wall up the back end of that cave sooner rather than later. She got up here somehow, but I don’t believe you’ll have any trouble with other drow. She was quite alone, and even if she was a spy, she’s not going back to tell anyone. I believe you’re safe to keep working.”“Thank you, Ranger, we’ll get right on that. Can’t be too careful, you know,” the foreman said, tipping his cap and giving a little bow of his head. “Is there anything we can do for you?”“Just doing my duty,” Sam replied, tipping his head in return. “But if one of your carters could find the time and room for a couple passengers, I would be grateful. I don’t think my guest here looks up to walking the whole way back to Silverymoon.”“Of course, we’ll have you a cart ready in no time,” the foreman replied. He turned to call out to his workers, asking for volunteers, asking if anyone needed anything else in the city.Sam stole another glance at the drow standing next to him. She looked resigned but proud, like this was just another bump in the road for her to overcome. He sincerely hoped he was right in his assessment.

Natasha stood stock still, eyes dazzled by the brightness of the sun, even under the hood of the cloak the half-elf—Sam. He had said his name was Sam—had given her to wear. She tried to steal glances at the humans around her, but her eyes were still too sensitive. It wasn’t a lie, her eyes would adjust, but it would take time. Instead, she listened, trying to understand what Sam and the humans were saying. She caught the words ‘drow’ and ‘Silverymoon,’ but that was all she was sure of. Why couldn’t the people of the World Above speak the same pidgin as the residents of the Underdark? She spoke enough of that to make herself understood in the Underdark, but up here? The only one she knew she could communicate with was Sam. She wasn’t sure if she was grateful or resentful of that. She squinted into the brightness, listening as Sam spoke with the male human who seemed to be in charge.“Are you ready?” Sam said, his voice catching her a little off guard as he switched back to Drow. “I have requested a cart to take us to Silverymoon.”The human said something to Sam, his tone suspicious. Sam turned back to him and answered him calmly in his language. Natasha looked between the two of them, wishing she could understand what was being said.“He wanted to know what I said to you and how I came to speak drow,” Sam said, answering Natasha’s unspoken question. “I told him what I told you but in Common.”“How do you speak my language?” Natasha asked, unable to contain her curiosity.“My Grandmother taught me,” Sam replied. “She learned from a drow who lived in her village and she thought it was a useful skill to pass along to her family.”“A drow lived in a faerie elf village?” Natasha sputtered, astonished. Every drow was taught that the faerie elves were enemies, to be hunted down by the brave raiders so that they would not dare show their faces in the Underdark. And yet, here was a faerie elf, half-elf, who had not only spared her life, but had shown her kindness, had spoken to her in her own tongue. He was either dangerously naïve, genuinely trustworthy, or supremely devious, and she hadn’t been able to decide which one. He was far more open, even in this brief encounter, than Yelena had ever been in those long years as her sister. She sincerely hoped she could trust him, but she was prepared for betrayal.“It happens sometimes,” Sam answered, smirking a little. “I can tell you more on the ride to Silverymoon, if you’d like. Unless, of course, you’d prefer to rest. No offense, but you look tired.”As the cart and driver arrived, Natasha made her face as blank as she could, eyes slits against the glare of the light. She was grateful not to have to walk, it was rather warm up here compared to the pleasant, even, coolness of the Underdark but she wasn’t quite ready to show him or the humans that she was. “I think I would prefer to rest,” she answered. Then, after a pause she took a chance, “Do you think you could untie me? These vines aren’t particularly comfortable.”“I am sorry, but I cannot untie you yet,” Sam replied, shaking his head as he unhooked the gate on the rear of the cart to make it easier for the two of them to climb in. “Once we get to Silverymoon, I will see what I can do, but drow are not looked highly upon in these lands. We have had our share of raids and deaths. Would you like a hand?”Natasha looked away. She had never been on a raid herself, but she had of course heard the tales, filtered down through the strata of Menzoberranyr society. She had always believed the tales of glory against an ancient foe, but she wasn’t quite so sure anymore. Given how quickly she knew her own people would turn against each other and how quickly Sam had been to offer her, a drow—his people’s enemy—compassion, she would have to take a hard look at many of the things she had been taught. She closed off her face, making it as impassive as the Widows had taught her. Though inside she might be in turmoil, her face and body would never betray those emotions. She shook her head briefly to decline Sam’s offer and half climbed, half flopped awkwardly into the cart on her own.Sam quirked an eyebrow, then tipped his head in a gesture of understanding. Natasha watched as he climbed wordlessly up into the cart after her. Once the two of them were settled reasonably comfortably, he turned to the driver and exchanged a few words in his own language. The cart jolted into motion and Natasha braced one foot against a warped board in the floor of the cart. Sam’s hand came up to steady her, warm and solid on her shoulder, and she flinched reflexively. He pulled back quickly with an apology. She gave him a brief nod and shuffled into a more comfortable slump, letting the hood of his cloak fall further over her eyes. She would rest and consider. What a strange place the World Above was.

Natasha woke to Sam’s hand on her shoulder, warning her, holding her back. Her eyes snapped open and she peered out cautiously from under the hood of the cloak. The cart had come to a stop, surrounded by a small contingent of armed humans and faerie elves all wearing similar uniforms, but of varied hair colors and skintones like she had never seen in the Underdark. Natasha tensed and her eyes darted back and forth, trying to pick out a leader, determine what they were doing, what they were going to do. What she was going to do.“Stay calm and let me take care of this,” Sam murmured to her in Drow, his tone almost an order. “I know them, and they will not hurt you if I tell them not to.”Natasha frowned, her stubborn streak pushing her to argue, but she bit it back. She was a stranger in these lands and Sam had so far treated her honestly. She relaxed. “Do what you need to.”Sam gave her a quick smile before rising to his feet and jumping lightly out of the cart to greet the human male who Natasha assumed must be the leader of this group. He was tall and broad-shouldered, standing confidently at the head of the contingent with a reddish bird of some sort on his hand—she had heard of the beasts of the World Above, learned of them in lessons, but had never seen any of them with her own eyes. He greeted Sam as a friend, speaking words that Natasha could not understand. She watched as they talked, their body language relaxed and easy, even when they turned to look at her, the yellow-haired human male giving her a scrutinizing look. Natasha tried to sink deeper into the cloak, a little uncomfortable with the perceptive gaze of this human. Finally, the human turned away from her, spoke to Sam again, and nudged the bird onto Sam’s hand. Sam spoke a few soft words to the bird, petted its head, and lifted his hand quickly for the bird to take flight. She watched as the bird flew deeper into the city, disappearing amongst the intermingled buildings and trees. Sam turned back to her and approached the cart again.“What’s happening?” Natasha asked quickly, still watching the semicircle of humans and faerie elves as they watched her.“These are some of my colleagues and friends in the Moon Garrison. We will have to take you into custody and ask some questions. It should be mostly a formality at this point, but they haven’t met you yet, so they are bound to be a little suspicious,” Sam began to explain as he climbed back up into the cart. “The Garrison barracks are only a short walk from the gate, and I should let the carter return to his work. Can I help you down?”“No,” Natasha answered with a little smirk. “If this is to be their first impression of me, then it will not be one of weakness. No offense.”“None taken,” Sam replied. He climbed back down off the cart again and watched Natasha as she rose to her feet, still bound with the magical vines, and leapt gracefully over the side of the cart, landing as softly as a cat on the hard-beaten road. “Show-off,” he added with a grin.“Thank you,” Natasha said with a laugh, barely even caring that the semicircle of humans and faerie elves had closed in tighter around her and Sam. She was the master of her own fate now.

--------------------------------Sam dispelled the magical vines and watched the drow stretch ostentatiously as she allowed the female guards to take her back to get washed up and change into clean clothes. Steve stood next to him, practically vibrating with unasked questions. As soon as the door closed, Sam turned to Steve and spoke. “Alright, let it out before you pop.”“When your message said you might be bringing a drow in for questioning, I have to admit, this is not what I expected,” Steve said, gesturing animatedly with his hands, his words pouring out. “Where did you find her? How did you find her? She was on the surface during the daytime? Why? Was she alone or were there others? She doesn’t look like any raider I’ve ever seen, so why did she come to the surface in the first place? And she spoke to you—how much Drow do you speak? What did she say?”“Easy there, one question at a time, I’ve only got two ears,” Sam laughed, angling his body towards a table and chairs. Steve took the hint and they sat down to continue the conversation. “To answer what I can. Some laborers found her in the cave that the Dancing Bear Winery is trying to make useable. The foreman flagged me down, told me they found a drow, and I went in to investigate. She was quite alone and exactly as bedraggled as when we got here. I don’t think she came up here in purpose, but you’d have to ask her. I didn’t push too hard, didn’t want to break her trust.”“She trusts you?” Steve exclaimed, leaning back in his chair, putting both hands flat on the tabletop. “I mean, you’re very trustable, but she’s a drow. They’re not exactly known for their love of their elven cousins.”“She hasn’t said as much, but her actions suggest she does, to some degree. And yes, she is a drow, but she’s definitely not a raider and she’s not a trained spellcaster,” Sam replied, mirroring Steve’s lean, but far more relaxed. “I don’t even think she came up here on purpose. Defectors are rare, but they do happen. And we know so little about how the majority of drow actually live and how difficult it may be to leave their cities, she might not actually be so unusual. I mean, she didn’t answer when I asked her name earlier, but she hasn’t tried to hurt me even when she had opportunities. I’m calling that trust.”Steve scrubbed his hand over his face, absorbing this information in silence. He blinked a couple times, eyes slightly unfocused as his focus turned inwards. “That’s fair,” he said, much more quietly after a few moments. “You were speaking with her earlier. I knew you had some experience with the language, but how fluent are you in Drow? Fluent enough to translate when I question her?”“My drow is a little more formal than hers, but I understand her and she understands me,” Sam nodded. “Of course I’ll be your translator.”“Thanks,” Steve said, grinning broadly. “What would I do without you?”“Oh, you’d manage, I’m sure, but I do make things better, don’t I?” Sam replied with a chuckle.

When the door swung open again, the drow reappeared clothed not in the usual prisoners’ uniform, but in a mismatched assortment of garments. She wore an overly large men’s sleeveless vest, light women’s trousers much more suited to her size, well-worn boots, and Sam’s cloak, hood up, but draped loosely over only one shoulder. Her visible shoulder was bandaged, and her hands and wrists showed signs of healing injuries, Steve wasn’t sure what from. He quirked an eyebrow at the guard leading her.“Sergeant Helder…?” Steve began, but trailed off, uncertain of exactly what he was going to ask.Sergeant Helder shrugged, keeping her hand firmly on the drow’s shoulder. “She allowed us to treat her shoulder, but didn’t like us touching her hands. We offered her more suitable clothes, but she kept shaking her head and making some kind of hand signs. She tried to tear the sleeves off of one of Maria’s shirts before we were able to figure out she must’ve meant the clothes we were trying to give her were too warm. As long as she’s decent and not agitated, I’m satisfied.”“That’s fair,” Steve replied. He turned slightly to face the drow, meeting her eyes, making sure she knew he was speaking to her. “I have some questions for you, shall we continue somewhere a little more private?” He swept his arm out, gesturing towards a small meeting room.She squinted at him as Sam translated. Her eyebrows rose with comprehension and she nodded her agreement. She shook the sergeant’s hand off and turned on her heels to stride into the meeting room. She swept the curtains closed, blocking out the sun, pulled out a chair, sat down, and stared at the little group in the hall, waiting. She leaned back, obviously settling in, getting comfortable.“Well, she certainly is direct,” Steve said quietly to Sam as the rest of them filed into the meeting room.“Yeah,” Sam agreed. He sat down across the table from the drow, facing her. Sergeant Helder lit a couple sconces and took a position by the door. Steve remained standing, pacing a little.“First things first, have you eaten recently? Are you hungry?” Steve asked, Sam translating a couple breaths behind him.The drow placed her hands on the table and answered.“She says she’d like something to eat, if we’re offering, and do we have any rothé cheese?” Sam translated.“Sam, could you tell her we can get that for her? Sergeant, you can return to your post, we should be fine here, but could you please stop by the canteen and ask them to send some cheese and bread over, something to drink, maybe a selection of other finger foods? I’m not sure what’s usually available in the Underdark,” Steve turned to Sergeant Helder and asked.“Yes Captain,” Sergeant Helder said with a nod. She left the meeting room, closing the door again behind her.Steve turned back to the drow, who was now practically lounging in her chair, fingers splayed out on the tabletop. “Would you care to tell us your name? You don’t have to if you’re not ready yet, but it would make things a lot easier for all of us.”The drow pursed her lips, eyes darting between Sam and Steve as Sam translated. When Sam finished, she tipped her head in a gesture of concession and answered.“Natasha,” she said. One word, clear. Her name.“Well, Natasha, could you tell us why you’re here?” Steve asked.Natasha smirked and answered.“Really?” Sam blurted out, looking unamused, before remembering to switch back to Drow.“What? What did she say? What did you say?” Steve asked, looking a little lost.“She’s got a sense of humor,” Sam answered, shaking his head and smiling. “When you asked why she was here, she said ‘because Sam brought me here,’ so I clarified asking why she was in the cave where I found her.”Natasha tipped her head, made a face like she was considering her words, then shook her head and spoke.“She said ‘that’s not important’,” Sam translated.“And why isn’t it important?” Steve said, giving her a firm but compassionate look that he hoped translated across languages and cultures.Natasha met his eyes then glanced away. She answered quietly.“She said, and I quote,” Sam said, looking pointedly at Natasha, “‘What’s done is done, I can’t go back, so to pay for my deeds, I must put my past behind me and move forward.’”“That’s… dramatic,” Steve said with a chuckle. “What I meant was, were you alone or were there others with you? Did you come up here deliberately? Did you seek out the surface or did you find us by accident? Was anyone following or chasing you? Other drow? Duergar? Should we be concerned about raiders following you? Do you require a guard?”Natasha’s body language tensed, closing off a little. She tapped one index finger on the table. She looked at Sam, her face uneasy.“You can tell us what you know, we won’t hold it against you,” Sam said, trying to keep his tone light and reassuring. He knew it wouldn’t do any of them any good to get frustrated with her now.After a few moments of uncomfortable silence, Natasha spoke.Sam listened intently, waiting as asked, for her full statement before beginning his translation. “Thank you for your honesty. We will do what we can to protect you,” Sam said to Natasha before switching back to Common to relay her words to Steve. “She thanks us for trusting her, but she is afraid her presence will put us in danger. She said that once she was rested, she was planning on taking the next opportunity to slip away from Silverymoon. She was driven out of her home by a noble House who wished her and her—what she says translates to ‘Spiderweb,’ but it seems to mean a sort of group like our Garrison—dead. They sent an assassin, but she fought back, escaped, ran and climbed until she found the cave where I found her. She isn’t sure whether they’ll try again. She says the noble Houses do not take failure lightly, but that excursions to the ‘World Above’ must be carefully controlled; she isn’t sure whether she would be considered important enough to send spies or divination spells after, but in case she is, she was planning on running again to protect us from the raiders. She says we trusted her, and she thanks us, but her Spiderweb taught her this: ‘Your successes are shared among all, but your failures are yours alone. Your failure should not bring danger home with you.’ I told her that she is welcome to stay as long as she needs and we would protect her.” Sam gave Steve an ‘I meant what I said’ look.Steve crossed his arms and nodded. “Of course. As long as you live in Silverymoon, the Garrison and the city will protect you.”Sam turned back to Natasha and relayed Steve’s words to her. Natasha pursed her lips and settled lower into her chair.“Natasha,” Steve said, his voice serious, “do you trust us?”Natasha squinted at him, considering her reply.There was a knock at the door, a quick courtesy tap to let them know someone was coming in. Natasha turned quickly to see who it could be, both feet firmly on the floor, fingers gripping the edge of the table. She sat up straight, ready to move if necessary. The door swung open and a goblin shuffled in carrying a tray stacked with a veritable smorgasbord of foods, water, small ale, and a half skin of wine. At the front of the tray was a fist-sized wedge of hard rothé cheese.“Babolax is being good, he is bringing yous lots and lots of foodses like yous asks for,” Babolax said, nudging the door closed behind him. He lifted the tray, mug of ale sloshing over a little, as he pushed it onto the table. He picked up the cheese and held it up like one might hold a treasure they were showing off. “See? Rothé cheese. A nicely wedge of cheese, rothé like yous asks specifically for, not goat, not cow. Babolax finding it and bringing it to yous.”Natasha’s hand darted out to pluck the wedge of cheese from Babolax’s fingers. Babolax yelped and practically threw the cheese at her.“She toucheded the weapon!” Babolax screeched and stumbled backwards, retreating into the corner to cower with his hands over his eyes. “You bringsded a drow here to telling yous about the weapon? Babolax was telling you everything he knows about the big weapon!”Steve, already on his feet, crossed the room to kneel in front of the cowering goblin. “Yes, and you did good telling us what you did. You can’t ask a gatherer goblin to do a hunter goblin’s job, you have to have both of them for the tribe to prosper. Just like that, we have to talk to drow about drow things, too. Do you understand?”Babolax nodded furiously. “Ah, yes. Babolax understandings. Babolax was gatherer, Babolax doing gatherer jobses again. Babolax cannot doing hunter jobses. Yous need drows to do drow jobses, goblins cannot doing drow jobses. Yes. Can Babolax going now?”“Yes, you may go,” Steve said with a nod of dismissal.Babolax scrambled to his feet and made a mad dash to the door, slamming it closed behind him. Steve sighed, hands braced on his knees, before standing up again and returning to the table.Natasha sat with one leg crossed casually over her knee, gnawing chunks of hard rothé cheese directly off the wedge and washing it down with the ale.“I have to ask,” Steve said. Sam translated.“Goblins,” Natasha shrugged, offering no other explanation.Steve pinched the bridge of his nose. “Sam, would you like to take over? I think she likes you better.”Sam scooted his chair a little closer to the table. He stretched one hand out over the tabletop, palm up and open. “Natasha?” he asked. “Could I see your hands? Please?”Natasha hesitated a moment, then pushed the remainder of the cheese wedge into her mouth, and placed one hand palm up next to Sam’s. She chewed pensively as she watched him. Most of her skin was the same deep charcoal-black familiar to all drow, but her fingers were a paler gray, the injury she had declined treatment for. As Sam looked closer, he saw that it had subtle patterning, like the tracings of frost on leaves. He gently lifted her hand to study the discoloration, feeling a twinge of pride when she didn’t flinch away.“This almost looks like a burn, or maybe frostbite, not just abrasions from climbing,” Sam mused. Looking back up at Natasha, he asked “What happened? How did you get this? Are you sure you don’t want a healer?”Natasha shook her head. “It’ll go away on its own. It’s better than it was and I can barely feel it now.”“Yes, but how did it happen? Babolax saw your hand. He said you had touched ‘the weapon,’ so this type of injury must be familiar to him. He said he came from a noble House where his mistress would sometimes speak of a big weapon, a cold weapon. What kind of weapon did the assassin you fought carry?” Sam asked, her hand still resting lightly on his.“He only had a knife that I could tell, but… a cold weapon?” Natasha mused. “He wore some kind of cold armor that hid him from my darkvision. The armor burned my hands like ice when I stabbed him. Perhaps because he wasn’t a drow and couldn’t hide like drow do, so he needed special armor.”“Not a drow?” Sam said, startled.“Not a drow,” Natasha repeated. “I don’t know which House sent him or why him, but maybe they thought because he was not drow and not a race we would think to ward against, he would have an advantage against us.”“Do you know what race he was?” Sam asked, wondering if a drow House had managed to make an unholy alliance with orcs or hobgoblins. The last thing they needed was a drow-driven raiding party that could fight during the daytime. Orcs were too stupid, too erratic, driven by rage and greed. Hobgoblins were too focused on the glories of bloody battle as their legions warred amongst themselves. But if either were led by drow, they could be honed and directed into a truly vicious army to be turned loose on whatever target the drow saw fit.“I think he was human,” Natasha replied. “He was as tall and pale as Steve, similar features, but with longer hair.”Steve perked up upon hearing his name. Sam lifted one hand in caution, and he sat back. Observing, but not interrupting.“Human? But humans do not have darkvision, they cannot see in the Underdark,” Sam said.“He had some sort of lenses,” Natasha said, holding her hands up and curling her fingers around her eyes in imitation of spectacles or goggles. “Perhaps they let him see.”“Goggles of the night,” Sam murmured. The adventurers who had sworn their magic goggles had been stolen by a drow—perhaps their tale wasn’t so far-fetched after all. And Babolax did say a human weapon. It had been assumed that the weapon was one that would be used against humans, but perhaps the weapon was a human? No need to disguise a drow or take the risk of inaccuracy of a scrying spell against an unfamiliar target if they could send a human as an advance scout. There were rare and powerful spells, granted by powerful fiends, evil gods, or forbidden studies. Spells that could steal the autonomy from a person, control their mind, force them to do any number of things against their will. Humans certainly could and did do evil things of their own powers, but for one to be found willingly in the service of drow nobles? For drow nobles to willingly accept a human into their ranks?“Natasha, can you tell me more about this human? How did he behave?” Sam asked, watching her closely.“He behaved as any assassin would,” Natasha replied, furrowing her brows, thinking back to the encounter. “He was silent. He moved silently, did not speak. He did not taunt as Yelena did, he did not cry out when I wounded him. Why do you ask?”“We were told of a ‘human weapon,’ which we believed meant a weapon to be used against humans. But what if he is the rumored weapon? A human, to be used as a weapon against other humans,” Sam admitted.“Ah, that would be a good idea,” Natasha nodded. Her fist clenched. “A traitor in your midst, one you would not suspect until it was too late. Yes, that fits. Do you wish me to return to Menzoberranzan, to find him and neutralize this threat?”“What? No, that was not what we had in mind,” Sam said, startled. “We were merely hoping for any new information you had. We cannot send you back, the risk to you is too great. How would you even find him?”Natasha shrugged again, pulling her hand back and crossing her arms over her chest, closing herself off. “I would do what was necessary.”“No,” Sam said firmly, shaking his head. “There are too many unknowns, and I will not send you back to Menzoberranzan knowing there is someone there who wishes you dead.”“Then what should I do, wait here? Wait until they decide he is ready and send him here to sow death and fear in your city? You don’t even know what he looks like,” Natasha argued, verbally trying to push Sam away.“But you know what he looks like,” Sam said, pushing back. He leaned forward over the table. “You could help us with that. If you describe him for us, Steve is an artist, he can draw the man you describe and you can tell him if his drawings look like him or not.”“I heard my name again,” Steve said, looking pointedly between Sam and Natasha.“Tell him what we talked about. He is your friend? He has authority here? You trust him? Let him decide,” Natasha said, pointing a finger at Steve.“Alright, but I think he’ll probably agree with me,” Sam said. He turned to Steve.

Natasha held the slate up, scrutinizing the drawing. The drow carved sculptures and statues, but they did not draw, they did not paint. In the darkness, what was the point? They had books, of course, but those were read and memorized by the sages and priestesses who were allowed to burn candles, then taught by recitation to the students. Without light, a piece of parchment with ink looked exactly like one without. So she had watched, fascinated, as Steve had taken the stick of chalk and used it to flesh out an image of a man’s face on the flat slate. She would speak a description of the shape of his chin, his nose, the length of his hair, Sam would translate her words, and Steve would replicate the image on his slate. Sometimes Natasha would lean in, point at a feature, shake her head, and Steve would use a cloth to wipe the lines off of the slate—as if they had never been there at all—and they would start again. This continued until Steve had held out the slate to her to ask if the likeness was sufficient.Natasha scrutinized the drawing. Yes, if her memory served her well, this was the man. She turned to Steve and handed the slate back with a smile and a nod.“Thank you,” Steve replied, echoing her polite nod.“You said I am welcome to stay. Do you have quarters prepared for me?” Natasha asked, turning to Sam.“Not prepared yet, but we can certainly find a room for you and set it up how you like,” Sam answered. “Would you care to follow me?”“Do you live here?” Natasha asked as she turned to follow Sam.“Sometimes,” Sam replied, opening the door and stepping out. “As a ranger, I move about a lot. Sometimes I live here, sometimes…” His voice trailed off as he led Natasha down the hall.Steve picked up the slate, leaned back in his chair, and frowned at the image. He drummed his fingers against the table and held the slate at arm’s length, trying to figure out where he could have gone wrong. Natasha had said this looked like the man who had been sent to kill her, but how could it be? Was it the eyes? The assassin’s eyes had been hidden under his goggles; she couldn’t know what his eyes looked like, so Steve’s subconscious had filled in what he wanted to see. He set the slate down, stretched his arms and fingers, and absently picked up a piece of fruit from the tray of food still sitting at the edge of the table. He sat, ate, and pondered.

Out of the corner of his eye, Steve saw Sam pass the door to the meeting room, then double back and poke his head in.“Steve? What’s wrong? It’s dinner time, I thought you would’ve been down in the canteen already,” Sam said, stepping into the room.“Sam, come look at this drawing and tell me what I’ve done wrong,” Steve said, an unfamiliar note of uncertainty in his voice.Sam walked over next to Steve, setting his hand gently on his shoulder. He looked down at the slate on the table in front of him. “If Natasha said it looks like the man she saw, I’m not sure what I can say is right or wrong about it. Do you think something might have gotten mistranslated?”“Who does this look like to you?” Steve blurted out, words tumbling together in a rush as he jabbed his finger at the slate.

“That’s Bucky on that slate. He’s been gone for two years, and I’m still clinging onto the past. I couldn’t even do an accurate sketch because my mind wanted to see his face in her description.”“You loved him,” Sam said, squeezing Steve’s shoulder comfortingly. “Grief moves at its own pace, don’t beat yourself up over wanting to see him again. There are still days when I miss Riley like it was yesterday, and that was seven years ago.”“But if my mind wants to see Bucky again, how can I be sure this drawing is accurate?” Steve said, a petulant note entering his voice.“Because Natasha said it was,” Sam replied firmly. “I know that you and she don’t speak the same language, but that’s a very good drawing and she said it looked like the man she saw. She made corrections while you were drawing, so it’s probably not just you drawing what you want to see. There are a lot of humans in this wide world of ours, it’s not unthinkable that someone else out there would look like him—or like you, or like me. If you’re really worried, you can ask her again later. Tell her it’s standard procedure to take a second look the next day to be certain of the drawing’s accuracy, or whatever you need to say. I think that’s probably a very accurate drawing, but if you need to be convinced, do what you have to do.”“Thanks Sam, that… that helped.”“I certainly hoped it would. You wanna get dinner now?”

------------------------------Natasha sat on the edge of the cot in her little room, fingers drumming on her knees, frowning absently. Lost in thought. Sam had said that he would not put her in danger by asking her to go back. He would not ask her to return to kill the assassin who had tried to kill her, who had been molded into a weapon to be used against Sam and his fellow surface-dwellers, but didn’t she owe that to him? He had spared her life, treated her not as an enemy, but as a potential friend. He had saved her life, she would save his. It was only fair. If she waited here, surely one of the priestesses of whichever House had sent the assassin would figure out a way to find her. It was only a matter of time—so why shouldn’t she take the initiative and neutralize the threat early? Natasha sat up with a jolt as an idea occurred to her. She might not know which House the assassin belonged to, but the goblin did.Babolax would be bringing her more food later; she would ask him when he arrived. An offer had been extended to her to join Sam and Steve and their colleagues at the evening meal, but she had declined. She would take her meal later, alone in her room, as a courtesy—not everyone in the Garrison would be so immediately understanding about having a drow in their midst. Sam had nodded, agreeing with her choice. Natasha smiled to herself. A plan was beginning to unfold.

A hesitant tap on the door brought Natasha out of a doze. She sat up, immediately alert. “Who is it?” she asked, making her voice as authoritative as she could.“Is Babolax,” Babolax answered. “Can Babolax coming in? Babolax is bringing more foodses for yous.”“You may enter,” Natasha said, sitting up straight and stiff and imposing.Babolax opened the door and entered, bearing a small tray of ale and a small variety of stuffed rolls.“Set it on the table and close the door, I have something to ask you,” Natasha said, her voice low.Babolax hurried to obey. “Yes missus? What does yous needs from Babolax?”“I need to know which House you escaped from and how you managed it,” Natasha said, plucking a roll from the tray, giving it a cautious sniff before biting into it. An unfamiliar flavor, this green stuff, but she thought liked it.“Oh, Babolax not escaping so much as Babolax getting lost,” Babolax said more cheerfully. “Babolax and other goblins going out on gathering for funguses. Gettings the good ones, the rare ones that being close to the surface where drows not wanting to goes. Babolax founded a big big fungus, taking a long time to gather. When Babolax finishing gathering fungus, all other goblins being gone, drows, too. Babolax trying to finding the path so he not being punished for being lates, but Babolax finding the surface, instead. Then a big big human and a big big dog finding Babolax and taking hims here.”“Very interesting,” Natasha said, hoping a touch of flattery would help keep Babolax on track. “Which House did you work for? Which House sent you fungus-gathering?”“Oh, House. Babolax was workings for big big House on hill,” Babolax said with a nod and a smile.“What was this House called?” Natasha nudged. ‘Big big House on hill’ suggested one particular Family to her, but she needed confirmation.Silence and a confused expression from Babolax.“What was your Mistress called?” Natasha tried, changing tack slightly. “What did the other drow call her? What was her Family name?”Babolax hummed, lifting one hand to his chin, deep in thought. “Babolax thinkings Mistress’s Family was nameded Shade?”“Matron Schaede? House Schaede? Is that it?” Natasha asked, a thrill of fear and excitement rippling down her spine. House Schaede, First House of Menzoberranzan. Her little Web had earned the wrath of the First House. It made sense now. Of course, only the First House would be so bold as to attempt something so unheard of in drow society as using a human thrall as their pet assassin. “That was very good, remembering that. I have another question for you now.”

“If I asked you to go back, to return to your big House on the hill, could you? Could you get in safely?”“Babolax is thinking so. Goblins not being lookeded at very carefully by big House drows.”“This is excellent news, Babolax,” Natasha said with a nod of approval. “Will you go fetch Sam and bring him here? I have an idea he should hear.”“Babolax can doings that,” Babolax said, nodding vigorously. He flitted through the door and disappeared down the hall.

Sam knocked on the slightly ajar door to Natasha’s room while Babolax clung to his trouser leg like an excitable cocklebur. Babolax had said it was quick quick, drow wants to talkings to you now, but he wasn’t sure if that meant ‘ignore common courtesy’ urgent or merely ‘come as soon as possible’ urgent.“Babolax said you wanted to talk to me. May I enter?” Sam asked through the crack.“Yes, come in,” Natasha answered. “Close the door behind you.”Sam nudged the door open and stepped into the room, Babolax tugging on his trousers like it would help him walk faster. Natasha sat on the edge of her bed, one foot on the floor, her other leg crossed over her knee. Her hands sat on her raised leg, fingers tented. Gently dislodging Babolax, Sam pulled the chair out from under the little table and sat down, eye to eye with her.“I have a plan,” Natasha said, looking intently at Sam. “You can tell Steve after I tell you. I can see that you trust him, but he cannot understand Drow, which will slow things down if you have to translate. You both now know what the assassin looks like, but none of us know when or where they’ll send him. I can do something about that. I want to lure him here, to me, so that when he comes, you can kill him or capture him or do whatever you need to do.”Sam blinked at her, a little skeptical. “‘Lure the assassin here’ isn’t so much a plan as a daydream, unless there’s something you’re not telling me. The anti-magic field between the surface and the Underdark generally prevents scrying.”“Ah, yes, but there are cracks that can allow magic to pass through,” Natasha said with a little smirk. “If they have a general idea of where in the World Above I might be found, they can search out a crack under your city and scry through it. The First House has many resources, it shouldn’t take them long at all to find one once they know where to begin looking.”“And may I ask how they are supposed to know where to begin looking?” Sam asked drily.“Because Babolax will tell them,” Natasha said, chin rising proudly.Sam’s eyebrows rose. He turned to Babolax.“Babolax can doing it!” Babolax said, stomping one foot. “Drow plan is strong plan. If Babolax is playings his part good—and Babolax wills!—plan is good plan and be workings well.”“I asked Babolax if he could sneak back in and he said it wouldn’t be a problem, as no noble would give a goblin a second look. This is true. He will go back down to Menzoberranzan, sneak back into his House, and inform them that he knows where I am. Once he has done that, he will return to the Garrison and let us know how it went. For a Noble House, there is far more at stake than just pride. Any unsuccessful raid or assassination is seen as a black spot on the entire House and unless it is quickly wiped clean, it will surely incur Lolth’s wrath. The Matron Mother who sent the assassin will surely be looking for a way to complete the mission. Babolax will tell her that I am in Silverymoon and she will send her assassin after me. It shouldn’t take more than a tenday, maybe two, for them to find the crack, to scry my location, and for him to be ready to come find me. All you would need to do is make sure everyone here learns what he looks like, so that when he arrives, you can stop him before he reaches me.”“You’re going to do it whether or not we agree, aren’t you?” Sam said, shifting a little, one hand gripping the chair seat to brace himself. A physical act to keep his mind steady.“I never said that,” Natasha replied, unable to stifle a laugh.“I may have only known you for less than a day, but I know that look,” Sam countered. “May I offer some suggestions?”“I’m listening,” Natasha said, scooting back on the bed to lean against the wall, kicking one foot.“Your plan could work,” Sam began, “but, as it stands, it is dangerous. I cannot in good conscience put the Garrison at risk, and I know Steve will agree with me. The Moon Garrison’s duty is to protect the city, and we cannot do that if we have to turn our focus inward on a drow-sent assassin. My suggestion is that we move you to a safe-house in the countryside. Babolax can still return to his former mistress, he can still tell her that he found you, but in this story he will have found you hiding in the woods in a cabin. Perhaps he was out fungus-gathering and stumbled across an old woodsman’s cabin where you had taken shelter, assuming that its remote surface location would protect you from your pursuers. Steve and I would live with you in the cabin, as protection. The three of us already know what the assassin looks like, and with far fewer people present, there is also far less chance that he could slip in by pretending to be someone else or hurt more people on his way to you. I mean, I’ll have to make sure Steve is ok with this idea before we do anything, but what do you think?”“That’s not a bad idea. The fewer people involved, the less chance of something going wrong,” Natasha nodded. “I like that. If there isn’t a precise location, though, it will take longer for them to track me. I would change my estimate from a tenday or two to over a month in order to find the right crack to scry through, then another couple of days on top of that to prepare the assassin. That would be a long time to spend holed up on watch, away from your friends and your Garrison.”“If it means keeping this land, this city, you safe, it’s worth it,” Sam said.“I guess that’s settled, then,” Natasha said, swinging her feet back to the floor and standing up. “And I’m flattered that you think I’m worth all that.”“Why wouldn’t I?” Sam said, rising also to his feet. He flashed her a warm smile, hand hesitating a moment on the door handle before stepping through.

----------------------“So, what do you think?” Sam asked, watching Steve from across their usual table in the pub. “It could work. It puts a lot of weight on one goblin to make sure that word gets back where it needs to and we would all have to be on our guard for pretty much the entire time out there, but it could work.”“It’s bold, dangerous, and I like it. Yeah, it’s not going to be a walk in the park, but considering our other options? I like it. It’s not guaranteed to work, sure, but from what you said Natasha told you, odds are very good that they send their assassin to finish the job. I’m up for it,” Steve replied, reaching across the table to steal a potato wedge off of Sam’s plate, dodging nimbly as Sam slapped at his hand.“You won’t mind spending a couple months in the woods, city-boy?” Sam teased, trying to keep his mind from dwelling on the plan’s risks.“I may not be a ranger, but I think I can handle myself. Besides, I think you two might need a chaperone,” Steve teased back.“And what do you mean by that?” Sam asked, briefly startled by the rapid change in topic.“You think Natasha’s cute, and I think she’s kind of interested in you, too. I see the way she looks at you,” Steve said, kicking Sam’s ankle under the table.Sam closed his eyes and gave his head a quick shake. “I mean, yeah, she is cute, but I barely know her. And I don’t think she’s into me like that. We’ve only known each other for a day—she’s probably just curious, never been to the surface, never seen a half-elf before.”Steve shrugged and made a non-committal noise. “Well, I’m still up for chaperoning, but, if you two end up needing some alone-time at any point, let me know and I’ll be glad to do a nice long perimeter check for you.”Sam laughed and tossed a piece of potato at him.

“This is… snug,” Steve mused, hands on his hips, glancing around the little cabin Sam had found for the three of them.“Yeah, it is, but it’s in the perfect location. It’s remote enough to be an attractive target, but open enough that it won’t be too easy to sneak up on us,” Sam replied, shaking some dust out of the window curtains. It was small, it would need a bit of cleaning, but it was a nice enough little place for their purposes.Natasha said nothing, instead taking a slow and thorough look around the cabin, memorizing its layout.The cabin was definitely small, little more than a bothy, meant only as a stopover. It had a front room-slash-kitchen and a small bedroom with two narrow bunks and a short chest of drawers. A third small room contained a cistern and water pump, a washtub suspended from the ceiling, and a privy tucked away in what could, very generously, be called a fourth “room.” There was a loft meant mostly for storage above the back rooms that gave an open view of the front room.Built out of stone and slightly sunken into the ground, with sturdy shutters and a solid oak door, the cabin was built to withstand the elements. The door had a latch but no lock, though they could certainly figure out how to bar it at night. Sam had prepared for the stay by giving Redwing a thorough circuit of the surrounding woods and studying the alarm spell until he could practically cast it in his sleep. A watchful hawk for the day and a silent perimeter around the cabin that would awaken him instantly if crossed for the night. Fairly basic protections, but perhaps that was what they needed—if someone was looking for a powerful spell like symbol or guards and wards, it would be very easy to overlook the faint magical traces of alarm. The cabin’s simplicity, though, was its best defensive feature. There were only so many ways to enter, few places to hide, and they would be ready for any of them.Following Natasha’s lead, Sam made his own round of the cabin, checking the furniture, each window and door, each wall and beam, even shimmying out into the rafters to inspect the roof. As Sam inspected, Steve brought in their food and supplies, tucking trunks and crates away into the loft, stringing vegetables and herbs down from the short loft rail where they could be easily reached for cooking. Natasha sat down on the lower bunk and began laying out the handful of daggers she had been allowed to take from the Garrison, claiming it as hers. Everything seemed solid. Safe. Defensible. The den was small with the fireplace doing double-duty as cooking hearth, sturdy kitchen shelves and accoutrements next to it. There was a long table with mismatched stools tucked under it and a potbelly stove almost too close for comfort at the end of the table. There were no plush chairs, no well-stocked bookshelves, all entertainment would have to be brought along by the residents. It wasn’t supposed to be lived in for more than a few days at a time, but they would manage.Steve climbed back down from the loft and pulled one of the stools out from under the table to sit down. “Well, that’s the last of it. Everything’s in,” he said to Sam. “I went ahead and put my bedroll down in the loft; I know Natasha can take care of herself, she survived the assassin once already, but I don’t like the idea of leaving her alone in the loft while we’re hidden behind a closed door in the proper bedroom. And if she and I share the bedroom, well, we still can’t understand each other. It’s not ideal. So I think it’s best if you and she take the bunks.”Sam glanced surreptitiously towards the bedroom. Natasha seemed preoccupied with getting a feel for her daggers, casually slashing and tossing. He leaned in and whispered back at Steve. “And this wouldn’t be you attempting to play matchmaker, right?”“Of course not,” Steve said, face serious. “I mean, I do believe what I said, but in the face of everything, this is the best setup. You speak Drow, I don’t, therefore you and she should share the bedroom. You know I would never put any of our safety in jeopardy, no matter how cute of a couple you two would make.” Steve’s mouth curled into a smug little smile and he nodded.“Ok, good,” Sam sighed. “Because I do agree with you—in that this is the best living situation, not the other thing. Maybe, if she agrees, I can try to teach her some Common and you a little Drow while we’re here. It certainly would help if we can all understand each other even a little better.”“I like that plan,” Steve said, nodding his agreement. “It certainly will help the time pass quicker if we’ve got something to keep us occupied besides cards and dice.”“Or we can do both at the same time,” Sam said with a laugh. “We can start with your favorite curses when I’m trouncing you in backgammon.”“Always a good idea to start with the curses,” Steve laughed back.

-------------------------Any ranger worth their salt could rightfully brag about being able to sleep anywhere, any time, but Sam found himself frustratingly awake as he rolled over quietly in his bunk, trying not to disturb Natasha. Tonight, he was all excitement and nerves. In all of his experience, one lone human assassin should hardly give him pause, but there were, however, quite a number of threads that had come together to bring him here to this cabin, and they were now tugging at his mind all at once. He and Steve and Natasha could try to plan for every contingency they could think of, but nothing was certain until it happened.The threads twisted in Sam’s head as he tried to grasp onto whichever one would allow him to sleep. As a ranger, he knew a thing or two about what living in close quarters in near isolation could do to people. When you rubbed shoulders with someone enough, things started to rub off, shells began to wear down. As much as his gut told him they could trust Natasha, she seemed to be keeping her true self hidden beneath a façade of indifference. What would happen when that façade fell? What would happen if instead they proved too abrasive together?Sam closed his eyes and tried to quiet his worries. What would happen if Natasha’s description, if Steve’s drawing of the assassin was accurate? If a drawing that looked unnervingly like Bucky had caused him to fall back into his head, second-guessing himself and dredging up old memories, what would seeing the actual man do to him? It’s not that Sam blamed him, he knew what that felt like, too, but it was the uncertainty that nagged at him. Steve was a skilled, capable leader, well able to hold his own in the heat of combat, but he was only mortal and, like every mortal, had his weaknesses as well as his strengths.And what about himself? Sam sighed and linked his fingers behind his head, staring up at the ceiling, slowly tracing the wood grain with his eyes in an attempt to calm his mind. If he was being completely honest, he had quite the knack for looking far more put-together than he sometimes felt inside. Like Natasha, he had a façade of his own, and he didn’t particularly like to admit to having it. He was brave, skilled, competent—it wasn’t bragging if it was true—he knew he was, but that little nagging imp at the back of his mind hissed doubts into his ears. If he didn’t have plans, and if his plans didn’t have backup plans, then what did he have? How could he forgive himself if someone else got hurt because he wasn’t prepared? Everyone said it wasn’t his fault about Riley, just bad luck, nothing anyone could have done. Maybe they were right, but sometimes it felt hard to believe them.“Do you always move this much when you sleep?” Natasha’s voice drifted tiredly up from the lower bunk.Sam snapped back to the here and now. “No, sorry, I just have a lot on my mind,” he replied. “Been thinking about the cabin, the plan, all of that. I’ll try to be quieter.”“Ah. I understand. In any new place, it’s hard to sleep until you’re confident in the protections. I think you and Steve have done a good job with what you had to work with, I trust you.”“Thank you.” A small smile crept across Sam’s lips. Natasha just said, out loud, that she trusted him. It was a good feeling.

Babolax returned to the cabin a mere four days after he had been sent off to complete his part of the plan. He had played his part well, explaining with coached naivety that he had gotten lost and had seen a drow in the World Above and was very confused and thought it best if he try to return to his House and ask someone who knew better than he did rather than approach her. His story had gotten passed quickly along to the Matron Mother, who demanded his presence and asked him sharp questions about this unusual sighting. Who was she? What did she look like? Had he spoken to her? The questioning had gone on for hours, the answers squeezed and wrung out of him, extracted from a litany of Babolax is not knowings that’s, but Babolax had done what had been asked of him and he was proud of himself. It hadn’t been easy, but he had done it.Steve sent him back to the Garrison with a smile and a commendation and a job well done. As soon as Babolax disappeared through the trees, Steve’s face grew serious. “Well, this is really happening now, isn’t it?” he said with a forced laugh that was more a sharp exhale of breath than anything.

The days passed. There was no schedule, no regularity to their chores or their leisure. The more variable they kept things, the safer they would be. There would be no patterns to observe, no allowing the assassin to simply sit and wait, knowing that the right moment to strike would be just around the corner.It was, Natasha admitted to herself, actually quite nice. She could do what she wanted, when she wanted, with no Headmistress dictating schedules. She danced when she wanted, cooked when she wanted, slept when she wanted, and played games when she wanted. She danced the steps the Widows’ Web had taught her, remembering her sisters, the good memories and the bad.Sometimes Sam walked beside her, watching her as she danced, smiling at her, complimenting her. He spoke to her in both Drow and Common, and she began to recognize words and phrases, prefixes, suffixes, conjugations. He complimented her, said she had a natural talent for language, picking up Common so quickly. Maybe she’d offer to teach Sam to dance in return. He already moved like a dancer, fluid, light on his feet. He said she didn’t owe him anything, for any of this, but she didn’t like to feel indebted. A drow paid her debts, one way or another. If he didn’t dance, then he deserved to, deserved to know that joy; she would find the right time to ask him. She wasn’t sure when it would be, but she would find that time.By the end of the first tenday after Babolax’s return, Natasha could exchange a few simple phrases with Steve. He was picking up some Drow, but maybe a hair less quickly than Natasha was learning Common. They would practice together while sitting at the long table, chopping vegetables, kneading dough for flatbreads, stirring soups in a tiny kettle hung in the fireplace. Sam could cook, but he preferred to leave that duty to Steve. Steve’s whole self lit up when he explained to Natasha in slow, precise Common the recipes his mother had taught him. Natasha listened and watched intently, maybe not understanding many of the words Steve was saying, but did it truly matter? So many of these foods he described she had never seen before, never heard of. Foods in the Braeryn were simple things: hard rothé cheeses that kept, simple stews of meats and funguses, sometimes dried cakes of algae dredged from Menzoberranzan’s ponds, if they could afford them. She wasn’t sure how the nobles ate, but surely not even as richly as this. She was amazed by the sheer variety of foodstuffs available in the World Above, things that not only lived, but thrived in the sunlight. Even if she didn’t like a dish or an ingredient, it was well worth trying everything simply for the knowledge and the experience.By the end of the second tenday, things had become comfortable, domestic. The three of them had to work to not fall into a routine, to not create patterns of movement. It was likely too early still for the priestesses of House Schaede to have found a suitable crack to scry through, but if they became complacent now, then they would surely pay for it later. Sam and Steve would draw lots to patrol the woods around the cabin, to search for berries, wild vegetables, and game, and, of course, to make sure there were no signs of intrusion. Natasha itched to join them, to learn more of the woods, the trees, the animals, all the things she didn’t know. She wanted to know about this land she could hesitantly call her home, but she still found the sunlight too strong for anything more than short excursions. Beautiful though it was, it dazzled her eyes and made her feel like there were tiny fires dancing on her skin. It was getting more tolerable every day, but it still frustrated her that this process was so slow. Sam said that once this was over and they could return to Silverymoon, he would find her a nice pair of smoked-glass spectacles to protect her eyes from the light.By the end of the third tenday, everyone’s nerves were beginning to rise, though each would deny it if asked. There was an unmistakable tension in the air, like the buildup before a lightning storm. Sam would miscount hands in cribbage, causing him to rue the day he introduced Natasha to the muggins rule. Steve would forget steps in his recipes, leading to under-spiced or over-cooked meals that they would eat in strained silence and pretend like nothing was amiss. Natasha nearly took one of Steve’s ears off with her dagger when he climbed down from the loft early one morning, startling her as she practiced her échappé leaps. No one blamed anyone else.By the end of the fourth tenday, the tension had slowly broken, replaced by a clenched-jaw determination. He would surely arrive any day now. The longer House Schaede waited, the more displeased Lolth would be with their tardiness. Surely by now, the assassin would be well healed from any injuries sustained in his incursion against the Widows’ Web. Surely by now, House Schaede’s priestesses would have found a crack, either of their own doing or by praying to Lolth for guidance. But she was a fickle goddess, cruel and capricious. Perhaps she had withdrawn her aid, forcing her followers to prove their loyalty. Perhaps, though, House Schaede was imitating their goddess. Perhaps they were playing the spider, watching their prey, waiting for the perfect time to strike, waiting for her to drop her guard.Or perhaps she had been wrong to suggest this plan, Natasha thought to herself as she sat on the roof, watching the sun just beginning to crest the trees. Perhaps the assassin wasn’t coming. Perhaps she had asked Sam and Steve to isolate themselves for no reason at all. Forty-six days in this cabin, and nothing more to show for it than a serviceable grasp of Common and a greatly improved tolerance of sunlight. Useful, certainly, but neither did anything to solve the problem of the assassin still at large. She sighed, uncrossing her legs and crossing them again in the other direction. Redwing glided slowly out of the trees to land next to her. She reached out cautiously towards the hawk, like Sam had showed her, and let her fingers slip into the thick feathers on the nape of his neck to scratch gently. Redwing dipped his head and gave a satisfied sort of whinnying screech.“Well, I hope your day goes better than mine has been,” Natasha said to the hawk. She gave him one last scratch before sliding down the roof to land lightly, strategic twigs cracking under her feet.The shutters on the nearest window shifted almost imperceptibly.“Don’t worry, it’s just me,” Natasha answered quietly.She darted around the cabin to the door, seeing Redwing glide back into the woods out of the corner of her eye. She tapped on the door, using the current pattern of taps. Sam opened it almost immediately, stepping back to let her in.“Steve just fell asleep. I don’t want to wake him, I know he hasn’t been sleeping very well over this past tenday,” Sam said, keeping his voice low and answering the unspoken question as Natasha’s eyes darted up to the loft in the darkened cabin.Natasha gestured towards the bedroom, somewhere they could sit and talk. Sam nodded in agreement.

Natasha sat heavily down on the edge of her bunk as Sam closed the door. She patted the spot next to her, offering it to Sam.“How are you feeling?” Sam asked gently. “Any better?”“A little better, yes,” Natasha answered, “but… I don’t know. I just wish something would happen. Not because I want anyone to be hurt, I don’t, but so that I can say to myself that I haven’t taken you and Steve away from your Garrison, your friends, for no reason at all. I truly thought this plan would work.” She sighed and rounded her shoulders, dropping her hands to hang loosely between her knees.“Just because it hasn’t happened yet, doesn’t mean it won’t,” Sam said, trying to lift Natasha’s spirits. She had been moody and withdrawn the past couple days. He gently encouraged her to say what she needed, to let it all out. “We all knew what we were getting into when we agreed to this. We knew the uncertainty. Please, don’t blame yourself.” He placed his hands on the bed a little behind him, leaning back and smiling. “And I wouldn’t say we left all our friends behind in the Garrison. You’ve been very good company. I’m sorry I’m not a good dancer, but thank you for trying to teach me.”Natasha smiled back, a wide, genuine smile that traveled all the way up to her eyes. “If we had enough room, and you didn’t have to worry about anything else, I think you would find you’re a better dancer than you realize. You don’t give yourself enough credit, and I would love to keep working with you.”Sam’s shoulders rose and he turned his face away from Natasha—she thought he might be blushing. After a breath or two, he turned back, composed again. “Changing the subject a bit, but have you thought about where you might like to go, what you might like to do after this is over?”Natasha blinked. No, actually, she hadn’t given it any thought. Ever since she had left the Web, her first priority had been survival. True, she had found time for games and leisure, but there had always been that undercurrent of danger, lurking in the shadows. And what skills did she have that the people of Silverymoon could want from her? They seemed to have little need of assassins, and those who did found themselves swiftly opposed by the Moon Garrison and the Knights in Silver. She knew how to kill, she knew how to dance, and she knew how to survive. Menzoberranzan had asked little else of her. She opened her mouth to speak, but found no words in any language. She shut it again and frowned.“Well, um, you don’t have to decide now,” Sam said gently. “And if you want my help with anything, want my advice, I’ll gladly give it.”“Thank you,” Natasha said with a little nod. “When this is all over, I think I will take you up on that.”

The first birds had already begun the dawn chorus, though the woods remained still and dark, awaiting the sunrise. The air carried the first true chill of autumn, a promise of frosts to come. Sam slipped silently through the trees, a thin scarf wrapped around his mouth to hide the fog of his breath. The night had been cold and quiet—no tracks, no signs, no sight or sound of the assassin. He should probably return to the cabin now, begin breakfast and wait for Steve and Natasha to wake to give his report. The same report he gave every time he returned from patrol: nothing yet.A heavy clatter of wings, a startled woodpigeon, drew Sam’s attention, stopping him in his tracks. He glanced cautiously around to try to find the source but saw nothing but the receding pigeon. The birds around him had fallen eerily silent. Sam’s hand moved closer to the hilt of his shortsword, ready to draw in an instant. He listened.He heard the tell-tale whistle with barely enough time to dodge the knife that came flying at him from among the trees. The knife embedded itself deeply in the trunk of a young pine as Sam ducked away, drawing his sword and working to pinpoint the origin of the weapon. Another throwing-knife came flying at him, and he knocked it away with a swing of his sword. He thought he saw a shimmer in the air, heard a rustle of branches as something large moved past them. His breath caught. This had been the first night that could be truly considered cold. The cold weapon. Natasha had said the assassin’s camouflage had hidden him from her darkvision, shielding his body heat from her and her sisters’ eyes. This cold morning, at the transition between night and day, the conditions would be perfect. Natasha’s eyes were still a little sensitive to the light and would put her at a disadvantage as the sun’s rays pierced the darkness. Sam charged towards the shimmer.A third knife flew at him, confirming his suspicion of the assassin’s location. Sam parried the blade, keeping his eyes on his target. He needed to follow the shimmer, keep the assassin occupied until the sun rose and fully illuminated him. He needed to prevent the assassin from reaching the cabin. He needed to get to the cabin, warn Steve and Natasha. He adeptly dodged a fourth knife but stumbled as he felt a stinging, burning pain in his leg, a fifth knife launched immediately on the heels of the fourth. He took his eyes off the shimmer, growing more visible as the sky lightened, just long enough to glance down to see how bad the injury was. The knife wasn’t embedded. It had nicked his thigh, slicing through his pants and cutting deep enough into the flesh for the injury to bleed. He set his teeth. It hurt, but it hadn’t hit a major artery, hadn’t cut too deep; he would push through, tend to it after the immediate danger had been taken care of. An injury like this should barely even slow him down.Instead, a wave of vertigo swept over Sam, causing him to stumble again. He fell to one knee, free hand out to break his fall. He blinked against the sensation, trying to find his balance. Drow poison, he thought as his head reeled. Poison-coated blades to incapacitate the wounded meant no need to make that perfect strike on the first attempt. It was rarely encountered on the surface, supposed to be unstable after a few hours in the sunlight, but if the assassin worked quickly enough... An unconscious target couldn’t fight back. He gripped his sword tighter, feeling the solidness of the hilt, feeling the leather and the metal, feeling the bones and tendons in his hand as he squeezed. Focusing on the sensations to keep himself awake and aware. He had to fight the poison.The shimmer, now a vague shadow, receded into the trees. Sam cursed. Bracing himself on his sword, he pulled the scarf down, held up his arm and called out to Redwing. He prayed that the hawk was close enough to hear him. Prayed that the hawk was close enough to reach the cabin before the assassin did. He closed his eyes and focused on keeping his hand high.

Seconds, minutes, hours later, Sam wasn’t sure, he heard the approach, then felt the familiar weight of Redwing on his fist. He opened his eyes. The sky was gray but lightening. Redwing cocked his head, querying his master. Sam took a deep breath and summoned the energy to cast a spell. He dropped his sword, hand shaking as he made the motions, whispering the words.“Go to the cabin, find Natasha,” Sam told Redwing. “Tell her ‘He’s coming. Poisoned blades.’ Now go, as fast as you can.”Sam jerked his hand up, jolting the hawk, who took flight immediately and disappeared into the woods. He groaned and collapsed onto his side in the leaf litter. He let himself lie there for a moment, just breathing, finding himself again. He dragged his hand over the wound, muttering another spell to draw the poison out.

---------------------------Natasha was awoken by a frantic scratching-tapping on shutters of the bedroom window. It wasn’t the secret knock that she, Sam, and Steve had agreed on for these next few days, but more of an animal noise, the scratch of claws or nails on the wood. She sat up in her bunk, picked up one of her daggers, and unlatched the shutters, cracking them open to take a look. If she had to deal with a panicked squirrel in the bedroom, then she’d deal with a panicked squirrel in the bedroom. She hadn’t had breakfast yet, and she found pan-fried squirrel quite tasty.She peered out the crack in the shutters into the brightening dawn woods. Seeing nothing through the tiny slit, the cautiously pushed the shutters wider. A flutter of feathers and Redwing flew deftly through the gap in the window and landed on her arm.“He’s coming. Poisoned blades,” Redwing said, Sam’s voice coming from the hawk’s beak.“Say that again,” Natasha said, sitting back on her heels and hoping she had misheard. “Can you say that again?”“He’s coming. Poisoned blades,” the spell obliged. Redwing spoke the words, then ruffled his feathers, chirped, and flew up to sit on the headboard of Sam’s bunk.“He’s here,” Natasha said, fear creeping into her voice. After all this time, all this waiting, everything was suddenly very real again. She found her feet and stepped out of the bunk, turning back to Redwing. “Where’s Sam? You said poison, where is he? Is he ok? Does he need help?”Redwing gave a short, whinnying screech. The message had been spoken and the spell had dissipated; the hawk would not speak again unless the spell was cast again. Neither she nor Steve could do so.“Go find Sam, can you let him know we got his message? I know you can’t speak, but he’ll understand you, yes?” Natasha asked Redwing while finding clothing far more suitable for a fight than her nightclothes. She’d done that once before and she would much prefer not to do it again. She watched as the hawk gave his head a quick scratch and stretched his wings, ducking nimbly out the window and receding rapidly from sight. She pulled the shutters closed and latched after him. She grabbed the light leather armor she hadn’t yet needed and left the bedroom to warn Steve.

-----------------------Steve was awake, sitting quietly in the loft, chewing on a dried fruit and oat cake while he made sure his sword and shield were clean and ready for his patrol later. Something useful he could do while Natasha was sleeping and Sam was still out. When Sam returned, he would climb down and start a proper breakfast cooking. He heard the bedroom door open, followed by rapid footsteps. He perked up and scooted over to the railing to lean over and see what was happening.“He’s coming!” Natasha shouted up at him as she donned her armor in the middle of the front room. “Sam sent a message by Redwing, says the assassin’s coming, and he has poisoned blades. I don’t know where Sam is, I don’t know if we should stay here or go look for him.”“What did the message say?” Steve asked, hurrying down the ladder with his things. “Can I see it?”“It was a spell. Redwing came to the window and said ‘He’s coming. Poisoned blades,’ in Sam’s voice, and then the spell ended. I sent him back to let Sam know I had received it,” Natasha explained as she buckled her armor on.If Sam hadn’t had time to write the message, instead expending a spell to send word, then the assassin must be nearly upon them. He wanted to go out, find Sam, make sure he would be safe, but if the assassin was as close as this, then his first priority would be to stop the assassin.“How do you want to do this?” Steve asked Natasha, beginning to don his own armor. “Barricade ourselves inside and wait? Take the initiative, go out and try to find him to put him off balance?”“I… I don’t know,” Natasha admitted. “If Sam knows that the assassin is using poison, then he must have met him in combat already. If we let the assassin get inside, then we’ll know where he is, but the close quarters could be a disadvantage if he is using drow poison. If we go outside, he won’t be able to follow both of us and you could use that to your advantage, but he will probably use the sun to his advantage against me.” She paused. “But, I want to find Sam. I need to know if he’s ok or if he needs our help.”“So do I,” Steve said firmly. “Are you ready? I’ll go first, slowly, to get a read of the surroundings. If I don’t see anything, I’ll signal you. Stay within sight of me, but not too close. The Garrison has a signal for times like this when we get separated. I’ll whistle, listen for Sam’s reply, and move towards him. I only hope we find him before the assassin finds us. I like three-on-one odds a lot better if we’re up against drow poison.”Natasha nodded and drew one of her daggers.Steve finished securing his armor, buckled his sword belt on, made sure his coil of rope was secure, and hoisted his shield into position. He lifted the bar off the cabin door, pushed it slowly open, and drew his sword as he stepped out into the dawn woods. The sun was just breaking over the horizon, its light turning the trees from silver to gold, but leaving plenty of shadows in which a trained assassin could hide. He paused to look, listen, feel. No stealthy sounds, no movement, not even a scent out of place. Birds sang from the treetops. He took a step forward. Nothing. No sign of either the assassin or Sam. He moved quickly and cautiously from the cabin to the trees, keeping a wary eye out. Putting a solid old oak to his back, he stopped again and waited. Still nothing. He signaled to Natasha.

The glint of sun on metal caught Steve’s eye just as Natasha yelled a warning. He twisted his body around, flinging the shield out to deflect the knife that flew out of the trees towards him.“Show yourself!” Steve yelled at the hidden assassin. “Come out and fight me, face to face!”Unsurprisingly, the assassin made no move to leave his cover. As long as Steve had his attention, though, that was what mattered. Keep the man distracted so Natasha could get to him to subdue him. They would kill only if necessary, preferring to capture the assassin alive to learn how he had come to serve drow nobles in their ancient vendetta against the surface-dwellers. Only Steve’s eyes moved as he tracked Natasha’s progression as she circled around to get behind the assassin. He continued to taunt.“I know you’re in there! Are you going to come out and fight me, or are you too much of a coward?” Steve shouted. Another knife flew at him and he blocked it easily with his shield. “You can’t hit me, you’ll run out of knives if you sit in your bush all day, then what will you do? Scurry back to your masters, tail between your legs? Do you think they’ll allow that? We know why you’re here, we know who sent you, and we’re not going to let it happen. Come out and fight!”There was an angry yelp, and a humanoid figure exploded out of the underbrush with Natasha clinging to his back like a very large, angry stirge.

The man wore soot-gray leather armor, mottled like lichen, over close-fitting clothes of similar coloration to camouflage him in the shadows of the forest. His hair was long and pulled back into a hasty coil knotted at the base of his neck. His mouth was covered by a scarf or mask, his eyes by goggles modeled after an owl’s face, and he still had a faint, ethereal shimmer to him. His belt had nearly a dozen empty knife-sheaths, but the empty sheaths were still well outnumbered by those still holding the tiny, wicked throwing knives. The configuration meant they weren’t able to be drawn particularly quickly, and with the poison coating the blades, the assassin would be unlikely to risk carrying more than one in each hand. He was gloved, but to maintain the dexterity required to throw the knives the gloves couldn’t be thick enough to protect him from cuts if he were reckless—even a tiny nick could mean rapid unconsciousness.His hands, however, were currently occupied with trying to remove the drow hanging from his neck.Natasha had partially uncoiled the rope from her belt and leapt nimbly onto the momentarily distracted assassin’s back and was attempting to choke him into submission, hands gloved against the magical chill enveloping him. She had gotten both ends of the rope into one hand, her other hand grabbing for his head, hair, anything to secure her hold on him. The assassin managed to get the fingers of one hand under the rope, allowing enough slack for him to breathe. The other hand was scrabbling to get hold of any part of Natasha to try to throw her off. Steve quickly sheathed his sword and charged in. The assassin thrashed around as if doing a wild dance, kicking up leaves and soil as he tried to dislodge Natasha.As Steve neared the assassin, the man abruptly jerked forward as if dropping into a roll. He threw Natasha off his back, but was unable to prevent her from ripping the goggles from his eyes. Off balance from the fierceness of the buck, Natasha lost her grip on the rope. She scrambled for purchase, grabbing onto the assassin’s hair, but her gloved fingers slipped through it and she flew off his back and crashed into Steve, knocking them both to the ground. The assassin grunted in pain, drew a knife, and launched it at Natasha. Steve barely had time to raise his shield to deflect it, rolling to his side to keep the blade from striking either Natasha or himself. The knife rang off the shield, flipped through the air, and landed point-down in the dirt. Natasha disentangled herself awkwardly from Steve and scrambled over to try to grab the knife. The assassin launched another knife at her, striking her squarely in the shoulder. The blade cut deep, through her armor, drawing a gasp of pain. Natasha groaned and fell to the ground, limbs suddenly boneless.Steve raised himself back to his feet with a growl and charged at the assassin, tackling him, ignoring the sudden cold seeping into his hands. The assassin absorbed the blow, moving easily with him, though his hair continued to unravel and fall into his face as they danced through the trees. Grappling Steve, the assassin got hold of his shield, wrenched it off of his arm, and threw him to the ground. Steve cried out at the pain as his arm twisted in ways he was pretty sure it shouldn’t do, but kicked his leg out at the assassin’s ankles as he fell. A solid impact and a grunt, and the assassin fell onto Steve, knocking the breath out of him.Rolling and wrestling with the assassin, Steve felt the cold intently through his gloves. He hoped he would still have feeling in his fingers by the time this was all over, with the wrenched arm and the icy chill of the assassin’s magical armor. The assassin’s hair was nearly fully loose now, dangling in front of his face and partially obscuring his vision, yet he still fought determinedly on. Steve strove to keep the assassin’s hands away from the poisoned daggers. Suddenly he saw movement out of the corner of his eye—had Natasha managed to fight her way back to her feet against the enervating poison? He turned his head to look.“Steve!” Sam yelled as he sprinted in to rejoin the fight.“Sam!” Steve yelled in reply. “Go to Natasha, she’s hurt! I can handle this!”Trusting Steve’s word, Sam quickly scanned the surroundings, spotted Natasha’s prone form, and ran to her. He knelt over her, trying to determine how badly injured she was.The assassin took advantage of Steve’s momentary distraction and punched him in the face, briefly stunning him. The assassin held Steve down with one unnaturally strong hand on his neck. With the other, he reached for a knife. Steve mashed his uninjured hand awkwardly into the assassin’s face, anything to distract him, to buy some time. He felt the man’s nose crunch under the heel of his hand, but he didn’t even flinch. Steve knew that some of the Northern barbarians could go into a sort of rage-trance where they fought without feeling fear or pain, shrugging off sword and spell alike. Had the drow House who sent this assassin chosen him because of that ability, or had they trained it into him by potion, spell, or punishment? The assassin’s hand drew back from his belt, wrapping instead around Steve’s wrist. He pulled Steve’s hand away from his face; Steve’s fingers scratched and dug for purchase, ripping the bloodied mask off.Steve gasped. He had rationalized away the likeness, drawn so long ago now, as simply a trick of his brain. Seeing what he wanted to see. Even with the faint shimmer around his body and the dappled early morning sun through the trees shadowing his eyes, Steve could see this was no illusion.“Bucky?” the name spilled out of his mouth like a rushed, desperate prayer.“Who in the nine hells is Bucky?” the assassin spat back in Bucky’s voice.The assassin’s—Bucky’s—hand went to his knife-belt again. Steve lay frozen in shock, staring up at Bucky’s face. Grimacing in anger, blood dripping from his broken nose, but nevertheless Bucky. Steve made no move to defend himself as Bucky slipped a knife free from its sheath.Bucky’s eyes went wide and the knife fell from his fingers, landing harmlessly in the leaf litter beside him. He turned his head, twisting his upper torso around to look at the knife, one of his own, embedded in his armor. He pulled it free as if removing the weapon would save him from the poison it held. He wavered, glancing between Steve beneath him and Natasha, who had thrown the knife. Attempting to fight the poison, his eyelids slid shut and he collapsed on top of Steve.Natasha reached the two of them, holding her injured shoulder and gritting her teeth as she knelt down. Sam followed close on her heels, shortsword drawn and ready, should the assassin manage to fight off the poison and collect himself.Steve managed to pick out the words “Are you hurt?” as Natasha and Sam both asked, voices overlapping. Sam grabbed Bucky by the shoulders and hefted him bodily off of Steve, giving a slight gasp of surprise and recognition when he saw his face. Natasha helped Steve sit up, waiting for his answer.“I’ve had worse. How are you?” Steve said with a groan as he braced himself against his uninjured arm. “How’s Sam? How’s Bucky?”“I’m fine, my wound isn’t deep. It hurts, but like you said, I’ve had worse. Sam’s fine, he was barely nicked, but he drew the poison out. Used the same spell to help me,” Natasha replied. “And who’s Bucky?”“Him,” Steve said, jerking his head in Bucky’s direction. He and Natasha both turned to look, watching as Sam carefully cast a thornless ensnaring strike, binding Bucky’s body in magical vines. Natasha gave a little nod—she remembered that spell.“How do you know his name?” Natasha asked, looking at Steve out of the corner of her eye, not turning away from the binding of the assassin.“I’ll tell you as we get him back to the cabin, ok?” Steve replied, huffing out a heavy breath as he climbed back to his feet. He held out his hand to help Natasha back to hers.

When they returned to the cabin, Natasha, Sam, and Steve saw to the careful removal of all the poisoned knives and the binding of the assassin. Bucky. Whoever he was on this day. Natasha snuck little glances between Steve and Sam as they lay Bucky’s unconscious form onto the lower bunk, which had just last night been her bed, and secured the ropes around the frame. Sam had tried to cast his spell to draw the drow poison out of Bucky’s bloodstream, but it was too complex for his remaining reserve of magic. The poison would have to work its way out of his system naturally as he slept.Bucky had been Sam’s friend and Steve’s friend, partner, and lover. Two years he had been lost to them, presumed dead. Two years he had been under the control of House Schaede, being built into their assassin, their weapon. It was clear he had not gone to the drow of his own free will, so how had House Schaede turned him into their puppet? There were methods, some more powerful than others, some far more dangerous, some she had only heard of in hushed whispers as if speaking the name would incur Lolth’s wrath for believing oneself worthy of even thinking of such a wicked gift. He had been presumed dead. Natasha felt a frisson of fear.She removed one glove and reached out hesitantly to touch his cheek with her bare fingers, hand shaking as she touched his skin.“What are you doing?” Steve asked, curious.“There are a few ways a powerful High Priestess can steal another’s mind,” Natasha replied gravely. “Some are far worse than others.”Steve looked anxious. He glanced over to Sam; Sam tried to keep a brave face. He placed a comforting hand on Steve’s shoulder.Bucky was cold, but why? Was it simply to hide him from drow eyes, or was there a far more sinister reason? In the Widows’ Web, Natasha had learned in deepest secret of the ritual zin-carla, the creation of an undead servant who retained all of their skills from when they lived but none of their free will. She knew of its extreme rarity, knew that no good would befall any House who dared to invoke it and fail. Could zin-carla be created from a non-drow? Would House Schaede dare invoke zin-carla to slay humans and elves of the World Above? Would it be allowed? She didn’t know, and wasn’t sure she wanted to know. If he were a zin-carla, there would be no returning him from his undeath, for he would obey his orders until either he succeeded or was destroyed. While they had been in combat, she hadn’t thought to wonder if he were alive or dead. She slipped her fingers to the pulse-point of his neck.The pulse was faster than she had expected—she was unsure if it was due to the poison or simply a human trait—but he had a pulse. He was alive. She breathed a sigh of relief.“What is it?” Steve asked, his words just a little too fast. “Do you know what’s been done to him? Can it be undone?”“I know one thing it is not,” Natasha replied, “and for that I am thankful. If I may watch him a bit longer, I may be able to remember some of the things I was taught as a child. My sisters and I were never schooled in the magical arts beyond our innate casting, but we learned about what spells we might encounter in our livelihood.”“Of course, whatever you need,” Steve said, but he hesitated, not wanting to leave Bucky. He had only just gotten him back. “I’ll go make breakfast. You both must be pretty hungry, and it’ll keep me occupied.”“That sounds like a good idea,” Sam said, following Steve out of the room, glancing back at Natasha as he went.

Sam closed the bedroom door to allow Natasha to concentrate without distraction. Steve chose some herbs and greens from the dangling bundles in the kitchen side of the front room. He sliced up some summer sausage, wishing they still had some eggs, but it was too late in the season for wild eggs and they hadn’t brought chickens to the cabin. Sam fetched some water from the cistern and hung the kettle in the fireplace to boil. He’d help get Steve started, but this was Steve’s domain. In his cooking, he would lose himself temporarily in the preparation of a hearty breakfast, keeping his mind from dwelling on the mystery of how Bucky was here, in their cabin, very much alive.Sam watched Steve move purposefully around the cabin, finding the spoons and bowls, collecting the dry oats. Finding his rhythm. Sam walked to the other end of the room and pulled a stool out from under the table. He picked up his crochet hook, an unfinished sweater, and the skein of yarn dangling off of it from the far corner of the table. It benefitted a ranger to know how to knit or crochet, as good wool socks and sweaters were hard to come by in the woods.“Sam?” Steve asked as he knelt and fed more wood into the little stove.“Yeah?” Sam answered, looking up and pausing his needle. He knew that tone.“I grieved. I thought I’d made some kind of shaky peace with the fact. I can’t say that I’d moved on, but I thought I’d at least accepted that he was gone,” Steve sighed. He reached over to grab a stool from the long table, swung it out, and sat down on it to tend his pan on the stovetop. “I’d even managed to convince myself that the man in the drawing had to be someone who happened to look a lot like him in simple chalk lines. But now? I don’t know what to think, don’t know what to do. I’ve always had a plan and a backup plan, and another idea in reserve in case those didn’t work out. I never made any kind of plan of what I’d do if I found out he was alive. If I had, then Beshaba and her ill luck would surely have provided a body for me to grieve over anew. And now that we have that body, he’s alive, but I don’t know if he can be saved, and if so, who will he be? I don’t know if I can lose him all over again.”Sam stood up and walked over to Steve, taking the wooden spatula from his hand and unsticking the sausages from the bottom of the pan. “He’s alive, and that’s what matters now. Once he wakes up, we’ll figure things out. Maybe they won’t go the way we planned or hoped, but he’s alive and we’ve got to think about him first.”Steve inhaled, held the breath, exhaled, nodded, and took the spatula back from Sam. “Of course. Thanks.”“No problem,” Sam said. He returned to his sweater.

Natasha rejoined Sam and Steve for a subdued breakfast. No one talked much, tired, or worried, or otherwise distracted. Steve asked a brief, hopeful, “Any luck?”Natasha shook her head. “He’s still asleep.”After breakfast, Natasha returned to her study, Steve collected the dishes to wash up, and Sam returned to his sweater. The only thing they could do now was wait.After Steve had finished washing up, he announced that he was going to go for a little walk. He needed some air to clear his head. Sam stretched his arms and back and glanced over at the closed bedroom door, wondering how long he had been at work, how Natasha was faring. Sam set the sweater, yarn, and his crochet hook down. There were so many things running through his mind right now, not least what would happen with Natasha now that the assassin had been apprehended and she was presumably safe. Drow nobles could be vindictive, but they weren’t stupid. If their first and second attempts against Natasha had failed and lost them their prized assassin, it would be folly to waste resources on a third try for one lone drow on the surface.Where would Natasha go? Had she given any more thought to what she wanted to do since that brief conversation he and she had shared a few days before the assassination attempt? Sam was itching to ask her to come with him, make a home with him somewhere. In Silverymoon, in the Elven villages of the deep, old forests, as travelers along the many winding roads in this world, wherever she wished. He had grown quite fond of her as a friend. He might even go so far as to say he loved her. A slow, cautious love, unlike the bright flame that had been the love between himself and Riley. He and Riley had dared each other to greater and greater heights, their bond tight and vibrant and pulsing with life. The bond he felt between Natasha and himself was looser, more fluid, easier to overlook, but no less strong. They could strengthen each other, find a softness in each other, learn things from each other that they had never thought to learn.And that, Sam thought, might be it. He hadn’t told Natasha about Riley. He hadn’t told her that he had loved and lost and still, years later, felt twinges of that old love. He didn’t know how she would react, how she would feel about it. But wasn’t that part of the uncertainty of life? You never knew what was going to happen until you did it. Even the most studied divination wizards could only peer through the mists of things to come to try to discern the future. And Sam wouldn’t know how Natasha felt until he asked her.When this whole ordeal was over, when they were all able to go freely without fear, Sam would tell her everything and let her make her choice.

Natasha sat and studied Bucky as the golden light of the morning streamed in through the shutters, finally allowed to remain open to the day. He still slept, his face deceptively peaceful. She brushed his hair off of his forehead, feeling the chill remaining. Did his skin feel warmer than before, or was that just her imagination? She wondered how the spell worked. It must be able to be lifted, for how would his keepers see him? Candles and lamps were an option, but they were rare in the Underdark and painful to drow eyes unaccustomed to their bright flames. Perhaps it would fade naturally as time passed, perhaps they would need to use magic to dispel it. Perhaps, if they broke the spell controlling him, the cold would dissipate with it. She sat still as stone, thinking, trying to find the right memory to help solve this puzzle.A thin, frail thread of memory slowly twisted its way to the surface of Natasha’s mind. Something she had overheard once, long, long ago in her childhood, before she joined the Widows’ Web. Her former House, whose name was no longer of any importance, either to her or any part of Menzoberranzan, had been planning a raid. She had been cleaning the family chapel, hidden away in one of its many crevices, when the Matron Mother and her eldest daughter entered the chamber to discuss their plans. Natasha had pressed herself up against the wall, desperate to remain hidden; her presence during a conference such as this was forbidden and if she were to have been discovered, she would have been harshly punished. She hid and listened, waiting for the two elder drow to leave so she could make her escape. They spoke of a means of giving a high-ranking priestess the power to see through the eyes of a soldier as he slipped into the target House, a way for her to take part in a raid without having to be physically present in the battle.The daughter had complained that when she practiced seeing through another’s eyes, she had been having trouble holding onto her charge’s mind. She could feel that he didn’t like having someone else in his head. It was reflexive, the desire to keep one’s mind one’s own. Her mother had told her that she must find it in herself to control him, to move him by her strength of will until he stopped fighting her. If he would not offer himself willingly, then she must take control of his body from him until he allowed her to use his eyes. He was merely a soldier, she was a priestess. It was his duty to be her eyes in battle and not to fail his House. If she could not find it in her to dominate him, then what place could she possibly have in their House? A House was only as strong as its Matron and her priestesses. Soldiers could be killed or turned; the will of a priestess must be as strong as spider silk to uphold her House.Natasha’s former House had been comparatively weak, easily swept under in the machinations of Menzoberranzan. She could only imagine how strong the Matron Mother of the First House’s magic must be to maintain her position in that cut-throat society. Natasha leaned over Bucky as he slept and gently, carefully, lifted one eyelid. She frowned and rose to her feet.

“What color are Bucky’s eyes supposed to be?” Natasha asked, abruptly opening the bedroom door and startling Sam and Steve, causing them to scatter dice onto the floor.“Brown. A deep, warm brown like cedar bark,” Steve answered, stooping to pick up the errant dice.“Very poetic,” Sam grinned at Steve. He turned to Natasha. “Why do you ask?”“There is a drow technique, magic, practiced only by high priestesses. It allows her to slip into the mind of another, to make his eyes her own. It is usually only used to see what another sees, but if the caster’s magic is powerful enough, she can take complete control of his mind and body, forcing him to do as she wants. I have never seen it in use before, but I fear he may be under its control,” Natasha explained. “His eyes are red like a drow’s.”Steve jolted to his feet, knocking his stool over and dropping the dice again. “It’s not permanent, is it? It can’t be permanent…” He took a half step towards the bedroom. Natasha unconsciously placed herself more directly between him and the door; Sam slowly rose to his feet beside him.“Any spell can be undone,” Sam explained, keeping his voice carefully level. “I’m sure we can find a cleric in Silverymoon who knows how to remove a curse, lift an enchantment. It’s possible, too, that the farther removed he is from the caster, the greater the chance he has of fighting the spell on his own. Controlling someone’s mind is no small feat. I prefer to befriend animals the old fashioned way, with kindness and trust and maybe some food, but a ranger has to know how to charm a wild beast if it comes down to it. You can charm a starving owlbear to eat out of your hand, but it takes some effort to convince it that it doesn’t want to eat you. If any part of him is in there resisting control, he might be able to break himself free.”“I agree,” Natasha said. “Sam can send Redwing to Silverymoon with a message to request a cleric to come here, or a cart to take him back to the city with us. We’ll figure this out.”Steve nodded to himself. It was a logical argument. “Can I at least go in and see him? I promise I won’t do anything rash.”Sam stifled a skeptical laugh and raised one eyebrow at Steve.“Like you’re one to speak,” Steve laughed back at Sam. “Ok, I will try my very hardest not to do anything too rash, and I’ll leave the door open. I just want to talk to him, maybe I can get through to him in there.”“I suppose it can’t hurt,” Natasha shrugged.“As long as he doesn’t have any more knives hidden on him, I agree that it can’t hurt,” Sam said. “Go with caution, though. He didn’t recognize you earlier; he might not know you now, either. Go to him, but don’t lose hope if he doesn’t immediately remember who you are—or who he is. He’s been enchanted for a long time.”Natasha stepped aside to let Steve pass. Sam righted the stool Steve had been sitting on, and sat back down on his own. Collecting the dice to put them back into their bag, he turned to Natasha.“Do you mind if I change the subject?” Sam asked, looking up at Natasha.“Please do,” Natasha answered, walking over and taking a seat next to Sam. She leaned an elbow on the table, chin in hand, and gave him a tired smile.Sam smiled back automatically, hoping his nerves weren’t too obvious. “Now that this is all winding down, we’ll surely be returning to Silverymoon before much longer. Have you had the chance to think about where you want to go from here, what you want to do?”“There’s so much of this world I haven’t seen. Everything you’ve told me about, I was hoping to see some of it for myself, experience it for myself. Try new things along the way, maybe see if I can find a calling. Perhaps I might like to be a ranger like you; the woods are beautiful,” Natasha explained, a little smile crossing her lips as she spoke. “I could start in Silverymoon, of course, it’s a large city, many things to be seen, many things to be tried. I was hoping you could show me around. I’m sure you know all the best little hidden gems.” Her smile broadened.“Are you trying to flatter me?” Sam grinned back.“Is it working?”“I do believe it is.”“Good,” Natasha laughed, a warm, genuine sound. She reached out to take Sam’s hand.“I would love to take you out, show you all the best sights, the best entertainment, the best food in Silverymoon and the hidden elf villages of the forests,” Sam said, squeezing Natasha’s hand in return. “I would love to travel with you, get to know you even better, and I hope you’d like the same from me. But before we make any plans, I should probably tell you that before I met you, I had a partner. We’d been together for many years and we loved each other. He died, and it feels like it was both a lifetime ago and only a few months. And even though it’s been years since it happened, and even though I truly do want to make something with you, sometimes I still remember the life he and I had together. Sometimes I still miss him. I know I can’t go back. I’ve had so many good experiences since then—especially meeting you—but the heart keeps its own council. And if we’re going to do this, I want to be open with you. I don’t want to dwell on my past, but it made me who I am, it influences my future, and I would like you to be part of my future, for however long you want.”“Thank you for telling me, and I…” Natasha replied, a hint of unrepressed emotion spilling into her voice. She composed herself. “I would like that, thank you.”Sam and Natasha sat, having both said their piece. Neither was quite sure what to say next, how to break the sudden quiet between them, but did they have to fill it? It was a comfortable, understanding quiet. They didn’t need to break it.

A crash from the bedroom snapped Sam and Natasha back into the immediacy of the situation. They both rose to their feet, ready to move. Steve lay on his back on the floor, hands up in a defensive posture. Bucky had partially freed himself from the ropes, had gotten one arm loose and was working the other free, and had managed to find a knife somewhere. He dangled awkwardly over the edge of the bed, knife hanging directly above Steve’s chest. The knife said menace; his body language said confusion.“Bucky, it’s me, it’s Steve,” Steve said. “You know me, don’t you?”“Steve?” Bucky asked, his voice wavering with uncertainty, with disbelief. “Is that really you?”“I’m going to go wait on the roof.” Natasha leaned in and whispered to Sam. “If he’s himself again, the last thing he’ll want to see is another drow after everything he’s been through.”“Good plan,” Sam agreed. “I’ll join you as soon as I can.”

Natasha turned immediately at the sound, still conditioned to react in an instant. She relaxed visibly as soon as she saw it was Sam, climbing up to join her on the roof.“How are things?” Natasha asked.“All things considered, very good,” Sam explained, sitting down next to Natasha. “Bucky will need some time to adjust, to take in everything, but he’s got Steve—who’s more than willing to do whatever he can to help—and he’ll have the Garrison when he gets back into town. We told him about you, of course, but I can’t promise he’ll trust you immediately.”Natasha nodded and scooted in closer to Sam. “I understand.”Sam put his arm around Natasha’s shoulder. A little tentatively at first, like he still didn’t quite believe everything that had happened. When she didn't flinch away, instead leaning into his side, he relaxed.“I can send Redwing to town, ask for someone to send a cart or wagon for us,” Sam said after a few moments of appreciative silence. “Once I do that, how would you feel about just sitting up here in the fresh air and watching the sunset with me?”“I think I’d like that,” Natasha replied, placing her hand on top of his.

There's so much wrong with the situation, Solarion honestly doesn't know where to start. Maybe it doesn't really matter; things have been wrong for more than a week by now, a desperate, crawling sensation of vertigo and fear. And arousal. Despite everything, he's achingly hard. He can't think like this. Not with Rook's mouth on him, bobbing up and down in full, generous strokes and swallowing him to the root every time, with not a hint of discomfort. The soft, plush press of Rook's lips around him is as distracting as always, even without the situation being what it is. Not with the plug in his ass, the girth of it definitely wider than Rook is, and every tiny flex of muscle or shift he can do reminds him it's there, solid and unyielding and constantly pressing against that one spot. Rook presses down, probably unintentionally, swallowing even more around him and grinding the plug in place with his fingers, and Solarion gasps, thrusting up reflexively. The movement is awkward, half-completed at best, pulling a burn from his muscles and distracting him again.Because he's pinned down not just by Rook draped over his thighs, but his lower legs folded back on themselves and tied to his thighs, and his arms are above his head, an intricate spider's web of ropes keeping them there.That would be fine, Solarion thinks. Normally, it would probably be more than fine, but right now---Rook jerks forward, a strangled noise of muffled pleasure around him which shoots pure sensation down through Solarion's erection and he groans as well, hips twitching up and not helping Rook's situation at all. Opening his eyes only reluctantly, Solarion meets hazy bright blue eyes not quite staring up at him. He can't tell whether it's because Rook's concentrating and distracted by his own pleasure, or because---Or because Elerra is controlling him again.She's done that, at least once since that first time, and it hasn't become any less terrifying, because every time it happens he's not quite convinced Rook actually will recover from it."Ro---ohh." Moaning as fingers press against the base of the plug and Rook slides down him again, teeth teasing along him, Solarion feels like he flushes all the way down to his navel. Lifting his eyes from Rook's hazy, unfocused eyes, he meets red, red, red, intent and predatory, where Elerra is behind Rook, her long legs folded on each side of him and her long, slim hands gripping slimmer hips. Every time she shifts back or forward for a thrust in or slide out, there's a flash of magic, red like her eyes, down where Solarion knows her strap on is attached. He has no idea what it does (she hasn't used that one on him - yet - has mostly not touched him directly at all, but what there has been... has been more than enough), but it's clearly doing something."What now? You ought to show some appreciation for Ristel's efforts!" She laughs at him, thrusting forward hard, which causes Rook to bounce forward in turn and practically choke on him, though there's no obvious struggle aside from Rook's throat flexing around him and Solarion (doesn't want to admit that that's kind of hot) cannot tell if he's just used to it or if it's because she--- The plug is rotated, pulled out slightly against the strained clutch of his muscles, then let go to slide in again. Solarion shudders like he's been hit, the quiet moan voiceless in the back of his throat.He can't think like this.

Rook knows Solarion hadn't shown him where the hidden door to one of the palace's secret corridors were in the ballroom for him to use it for this, but... it was right there. He had to. It's not as if Solarion is protesting, aside from that appalled, flustered hiss of 'Rook!' when Rook had opened his trousers up. He's pressed against the wall, one hand on the doorjamb as if to forestall anyone trying to open the door from the outside and he's got his other hand closed into a fist, jammed into his mouth. His knuckles are red-and-white in the faint glow of magical lighting from above.As captivating as that flash of knuckle between teeth and small, rosebud lips is, more important is what's right in front of him. Solarion's erection, more delicately pink than desperate red, somehow (it's fitting, though, and of course his little rabbit would manage to make that look pretty), is as slim as the rest of him. It's perfect, thanks ever so much. Sliding back down the cock, slowly, just in time to turn Solarion's hissed caution into a muffled moan, Rook smirks around the base of it and swallows. This is definitely making this celebration a lot more interesting, and he might be able to stay the rest of the evening without feeling like he's going to blow a gasket.

Solarion can swear the music heard through the door sounds like he's standing right next to the orchestra, instead of being across the whole ballroom from where the musicians are. He knows it's his nerves, but it doesn't mate it any less worrying. He's also just as aware of the crowd on the other side of the door - not thin, really, but it sounds like it, right now - as he's aware of his heartbeat. Loud and insistent, right up in his throat. Admittedly, that might be just as much because of Rook, his hands less on his hips and more on his ass, lips shiny not from the sloppy kissing that'd happened right after he'd closed the door behind them, but rather from spit and precome. They're so soft, and even when stretched out around him as Rook slides down the side of his dick with teasing leisure before he retraces his path up along the other side, they're a distracting plushness against the throbbing sensitivity of his erection.Is it wrong to feel like Rook was clearly made to do what he's currently doing, when he clearly likes it, too? Solarion couldn't say, but that might have just as much to do with awkward uncertainty as with his distraction, gasping as Rook delicately licks at the head and then swallows him down."Rook---!" Quiet. He has to be quiet, or else someone is surely going to check on them. He knows they didn't duck in here unnoticed, and he's going to die if someone actually gets concerned enough to make sure they're all right. Or to call them out because they've been hiding in here too long. Rook squeezes his ass, swallows heavily around him, tongue pressed against the underside, and starts to draw back. Solarion muffles his choked gasp against the palm he's desperately pressing against his mouth as his cock twitches, Rook teases teeth around him, and he can no longer hold back.Why couldn't Rook have waited until after?

She circles her pet slowly. Watches his back go stiff as she slinks around his back. He doesn't turn with her, but he's rigid like death with the awareness of where she is even if he can't see her. The tips of his ears are trembling, and very tempting, but they can be left for later. When she does reach out, she lays her hands on his shoulders (he's far too dressed; for what she has in mind, for his proper purpose and position, and as a male drow, so she'll remedy that), squeezing the narrow strength of them as he twitches, quickly stilling again. So controlled! Chuckling, she slides her hands down clothed arms and slits the ropes around his wrists open, and Ristel lets his hands drop to his sides. Doesn't rub his wrists, like he surely wants to do.She caresses up his arms again, shameless in enjoying the corded strength hidden under the fabric of a tunic, fine and embroidered in a style no drow should be wearing. Elerra leans in, lips just barely brushing the delicate shell of Ristel's ear, feels him shudder with her breath tickling it. "Strip."A beat, in which she can feel his muscles flex, torn between stiffening into frozen denial and giving in to the weight of that single word.

She has to give it to him; she can barely hear the tremble underneath the stubborn refusal, the fear and knowledge that her pet is making things worse for himself. She smiles, and reaches for the glyphs scattered down his back. Not the ones to inflict pain, which he might have expected. No, the other ones."Strip, pet," Elerra says, magic and command weaving together into wine, heavy on her tongue, heavier on Ristel. His breath shudders in his chest, sticks, breathing going high and panicked, but he's moving now. There's no other choice, after all, though as Elerra comes to stand in front of him, folded hand on her chin and the other arm folded under her elbow, propping her chin up, she is far more looking forward to when he's bending because he remembers his place, as enjoyable as it is to make him obey. In the end he will obey because he knows there's nothing to do but obey.For now, though, this is enough. The movements lack finesse and grace, are jerky and clumsy, but he unlaces the tunic the rest of the way, gets the belt off. Drops it, and the tunic follows, discarded like the garbage it is, and if he's watching it, his pretty blue eyes so wide it looks like it ought to hurt before he remembers himself and narrows them, staring at the floor instead, all the better. The boots are next; good, sturdy boots with decorative tooling up the sides, but if she would have her pet wear boots, they would not look like that. He's not going to be wearing either these or any other sort of footwear for the foreseeable future, however.Somehow, his hands pause at his waist, hesitating over the waistband of his pants. She's impressed, truly. The smile she gives him is nothing but killing intent when he briefly meets her eyes, and the pants and smallclothes follow the rest of his clothes quickly after that. They slide down sleekly muscled thighs to reveal his cock, as large (perhaps more than, her memory has clearly been failing her) as she remembers, soft and so very vulnerable despite its size - and it twitches as she watches. She does not laugh, but her smile grows more teeth.Finally, the foolish male is naked, decorated by nothing but the scars on his back, the piercings in his ears, and the gold-and-diamond drop piercings in his nipples. Those will all go, too, but it can wait; she has one thing to settle before they proceed. Elerra turns, leaving Ristel standing in the middle of the floor of her throne room, not explicitly telling him not to move, knowing he won't. Where is he supposed to go?Fetching the delicate contraption made up of twisting swirls of metal, she turns around with it clearly presented in one hand. Her pet's eyes go wide, the sullen anger covering his fear falling away for a second.

"Quiet," she snaps, and while she uses no magic, he snaps his mouth closed, hands flexing by his sides, "and stand still. Spread your legs a little."There she uses magic, and so he has no choice but to follow her directions while still managing to sway back from her as she approaches. So very, very stubborn, and she'll remind him why he ought not be, but she's pleased enough to find his cock remembers her well, hardening slightly under light fingers. A pity. He will not be using this for a while.The cage goes on easily, maybe a shade too small - good - and traps one of Ristel's finest features in a web of sturdy, slim bars, twisting around and over themselves, and, honestly, only drawing the eye even more to the large organ inside. It looks very fetching. Pleased, Elerra strokes her fingers over it, once, twice, then straightens up and marches over to her throne, sitting down and pulling her skirts up."Before we really start, I think you should begin to apologize for your absolutely atrocious behaviour last we saw each other, Ristel."She uses his name; she does not use magic. There's only the force of her will in her voice, and there's a fine, fine tremble that goes through him and he closes his eyes briefly. Swallows heavily and then creeps forward, reluctance in every step and yet graceful as he sinks to his knees between her legs. There's the faintest flush of purple to his cheeks, despite the resentment clear to see.Elerra smiles down at her pet, and does not worry about his teeth as he leans in. She knows he won't use them.

At least Rook thought it'd been three days, but it was getting hard to keep track, and the livid pain slowly easing off the nerves in his back wasn't helping. Fingertips brushed over his back, cool in contrast to hot, overworked skin, soft against the twisting ropes of spider web-shaped scars Elerra was following. Rook shuddered, then forced himself still, though his nerves were getting confused, his body responding shamefully eagerly to the switch from pain to... if not pleasure, then something more pleasant, at the very least. Strands of hair stuck to his forehead, cheeks, back of his neck, and slid with every involuntary shift over his shoulders. Shoulders, not shoulder. Rook hadn't repeated the mistake of braiding his hair up on one side after the first day, not after the way Elerra had reacted. She'd made him undo the braid after, and he flexed his fingers as if he could still feel the echo of ghostly pain from the punishment.It was such a tiny, tiny thing. It should be insignificant, since he'd shorn his hair short after escaping, but it wasn't short now. Just loose. Loose and nothing. Idly, he wondered if finding a way to cut it off, to spite her that way, would be enough to provoke rage enough she'd tire of punishment and go for killing. Maybe. It might on the other hand not be enough, and Rook was reluctant to get rid of his hair on the off-chance it'd work. If it didn't, he'd have to live with it until it grew out as well as the punishment."Resisting still, are we?" She sounded amused, now kneeling behind him on the bed, and Rook could honestly say he didn't know what she was after. He'd been sure they would have killed him as soon as possible, first. He'd been sure she would kill him as soon as she was done with her punishment, but she hadn't - wasn't. She wasn't even supposed to be alive! Yet here she was, and everything was familiar enough Rook sometimes thought he'd end up thinking he hadn't ever left. His hair was, maybe amusingly, a reminder he had. He certainly hadn't had hair only down to his shoulders before...

"So stubborn, pet." The fingers slid off his back, down his side, under, and while Rook couldn't actually feel the way she was mapping out the silvery vines trapping his cock, for she made sure not to dip into the irregular gaps between the winding bars of the cage, he knew that's what she was doing. Mostly because he seemed to have gained a third sense when it came to his cock. It was firmly out of reach aside from awkward, twitching brushes by fingertips barely able to reach inside the bars, and she hadn't deigned to let him take it off since she put it on him days (he was sure it was days) ago now. Maybe it wouldn't have been so bad if pain was all she insisted on - pain he surely deserved, in some way."How long can you deal with this?" Calculation, pride, maybe some annoyance. It was the pride that hit hardest."As long as I have to," he hissed, if only because he had a huge, stupid mouth and while three days had started to make him more cautious, he resented the necessity, the reminder of what he'd very decidedly left behind. It was as much reflexive as it was calculated, and Elerra... laughed. Laughed instead of getting angry, of going back to pain, or even tiring of all this and ending it. Jostled the cock cage instead and he couldn't hold back a groan, for three days and pain hadn't been all she'd been giving him. It was confusing his body, and it was torture to his cock. He felt like he'd been nursing an erection that couldn't happen thanks to the deceptively gentle constriction for maybe more than a day, now.No, definitely more than a day, and that was just underscored when she let go, touch feathering up his thigh, and dipped between his ass cheeks. His cock twitched, unable not to, and equally unable to actually do anything but press against the cool metal winding around it, as if insistently not giving up on trying to stiffen would change the circumstances.When her fingers pressed inside, slick this time and his muscles still liquid hot and tired from the pain, Rook slumped down on his front, buried his hands in his hair, and felt deeply ashamed of the fact that the would-be erection refused to go away.Day 14 - pegging + Day 27 - electricityThe wiggling slide of long, graceful fingers, tipped by nails long enough it makes the probing in such a sensitive place into something almost uncomfortable, doesn't last long enough to really make Rook truly relax, if he even could right now. It's long enough to coat his insides, and then Elerra pulls her fingers out.What happens next is both what he expected, and something he should have expected, but didn't.The blunt head of the strap on is expected, but there's a prickling tension where the smooth obsidian is pressed against his entrance. Rook has half a second of sucking his breath in, memory and realization twining together into one, and then Elerra seats herself in one, determined thrust. Sparks follow the frictionless slide of volcanic glass, rampaging through a place too sensitive to have something like that applied to it. Muscles jerk into tight convulsions while at the same time they can't remain locked into place, shuddering with trembling indecision between one and the other. His spine is fire.None of it is, exactly, pain.It's also not not pain, for it's impossible to unwind what the sensation turning previously untouched muscles into quivering mush is.Rook's aware he's making some sort of noise, open and animal-like while he's practically limbless where he's splayed out on the bed, arched up against where Elerra's pressed deeply inside of him. His fingers are twitching, and it's the tiny jerks on his scalp that allow him to work up actual saliva and swallow, to silence himself. His vision wavers, steadies, and Rook tries to not give her the satisfaction of any more of his voice, but the sensation doesn't stop.He wants to crawl away from it, but even if his muscles would obey at the moment, there's a large, slender hand planted at the small of his back, keeping him in place, and more than that; he knows better. Well, maybe trying to escape might anger her enough, but Rook doesn't trust his mind at the moment to give him an accurate assessment of what would be enough. It's better to endure this, as he has before.

Elerra moves, then, and all his hard-won breath is stolen from him.The strap on is large, though not one of the largest in her possession, at least as far as he knows (maybe she's expanded her selection of toys since, what does he know when she should be dead), but it's maddeningly smooth, even if both it and his insides weren't slick. There's just no purchase. He's forced open around it wide enough there would be strain to feel if it wasn't so frictionless, but all he can devote attention to is the electricity making him convulse around it, far tighter at every contraction than he would be able to manage alone, and he can't stop twitching."Maybe this will remind you of your place, pet," Elerra says, voice like liquid silk and red-hot, molten darkness, and where she'd been slow drawing out, the whole way out, she's not so kind going in. Or when she draws back again, for that matter. There's seconds of quivering stillness, where Rook is left hanging in a fuzzy place of overworked nothing between every thrust, and then he's breached again, split open on more than just the dildo alone while convulsing muscles tries to clamp down around the glass-slick obsidian and finding no purchase.She's hitting his prostrate, too, now, and where before there was just a tangle of too much sensation to pick out pain or pleasure or anything at all, now the aching strain of his muscles are juxtaposed against every charged thrust against that spot. It's worse, even if he hadn't thought it possible, for even when she eases away from that spot, the charge lingers, heating him from within.She doesn't even need to do that much, but she is.Because it pleases her.

The point is that he left, because she wants it, because he deserves whatever Mistress w---

No, not yet, he may give her submission until he can find a way to provoke her into killing him, but he will not mean it in the privacy of his mind. Not when he knows what it means to choose.Choose to kill what he'd grown up knowing had to be obeyed. Choose where to go, what to do, who he wants to do it with. Choose to go into danger instead of thinking that's what he has to do, because that's just how it is. Choose it for an earnest smile, interesting mind and the prettiest fucking boy he'd ever seen, despite that it was a light elf.

The figure in his mind's eye has almost solidified when his mis---- she, thrusts in again, sparks lighting his nerves and leaving Rook gasping into the spidersilk covers. Good. He can't think about that, right now. Those thoughts are to be saved for when he's alone, despite that that leaves him with nothing between himself and Elerra's presence, between him and sensations he can't differentiate between, can't do anything but feel.It has to be this way. Rook's more afraid of her somehow finding those thoughts and memories if he thinks about them in her presence and excising them than he is of facing her alone.That doesn't change the fact that his head is spinning, his skin so sensitive the bare shift of air seems like a deliberate, sweet caress against the static charge snapping against him from the covers. Doesn't change that his cock is throbbing against heated metal, aching with an erection that can't fully form, and he can't keep his thoughts straight.

She plows into him again, pressed fully against his prostrate and stays there, grinding her hips into him. His quivering muscles work against the slickly smooth glass inside, and Rook's orgasm is a dry shaking, completely unsatisfying as a bare few dribbles spill from his aching, mostly soft cock and not easing the suppressed erection in the least. It's like he hasn't come at all.She fucks into him, into, through, and past his orgasm, electricity teasing his insides, and Rook can only shake around the large dildo. The cage is a warm, charged pressure against sensitive skin, matching the overworked heat inside of him that can do nothing but respond to the stimulation, the solid weight continually splitting him open until it isn't."Wh... uh?" Blinking unseeing against soft, dark fabric, Rook chokes on his breath when a slap on his ass rocks through him, making his trapped cock bounce against its confines. Even if he could resist as he's rolled over, he doesn't, and he stares up into glowing red eyes, quickly replaced by delicate, slick folds. He can, just, tilt his head to avoid being smothered, and despite his trembling, he buries his tongue in her quickly enough.Whatever Mistress asks for, of course.(Later, when Rook's alone and can process everything, he'll be both furious, ashamed and afraid that he'd given in there. Even later than that, it'll happen again and stick, at least for a little while.)

They'd reached the outskirts of the ruined city that was their general destination, and everybody had probably relaxed a bit more than was quite healthy. With the goal so close now, who could really fault them?Well... Solarion would definitely fault the rest, but most specifically Rook, when the vines tangling over the grassy ground suddenly lashed into movement. They snatched only him and the tiefling cleric, but why that was, he wasn't particularly eager to think about right then. Not with vines like tentacles winding around his limbs with quite more familiarity than was entirely necessary just for restraint. Solarion also, who might have yelped when he'd been grabbed but been silent while people below started yelling and arguing and, finally, fighting, gasped when one tendril slid with clingy loving attention down along the crease between his thigh and torso, and up under his balls.Yanking on his arms only got them pulled far out far to the sides, kicking merely got him one leg folded in against itself and the other yanked out wide. There were vines teasing around the cuffs of his jacket, now, and the shirt cuffs underneath weren't voluminous enough to either offer resistance or confounding obstruction. They slid in, wound around his wrists and stroked over the thin skin covering his pulse, and Solarion, though he had no leverage or much freedom any more to do more than wriggle, still tried to shy away from the touch. As if in response, the vine between his legs shifted, stroking against his balls as it moved up along the cleft of his ass and he couldn't help the disgusted, alarmed shudder. What when it found the waistband of his pants? The thick sash might help, but it could doubtfully offer resistance for long.Forcing himself to breathe despite the shakiness of his chest, the panicked thunder of his heart, Solarion did his best to ignore the sliding progress of vines now dipping into his collar, gently like a lover around his throat and down over his chest, and looked around instead. Anything to distract while he pressed his lips closed against the curious prodding of a little tendril that tasted of spicy sap even just from brushing against his lips.Sweetest was bent nearly in two, held higher in the air than he was and upside down, her skirt around her waist and the tendrils trying to find a way past her hose - so far, they hadn't managed to rip anything. Solarion was uncertain whether the nearly puce colour of her face was from being held upside down and the blood rushing down to her head or from distraught embarrassment of her position and the situation. She was, even if she was unable to see what she was doing, managing to repeatedly whack some of the vines and keep them below her thighs, away from anything too sensitive. He could admit he was jealous, when all he could do was try to twist away from the touch, vines now having found its way both around the outline of his cock as well as to the edges of his sash, and he just hoped it was tied firmly enough.Swallowing heavily, he looked down instead of at either himself or Sweetest, spotting Zara up on a boulder, firing arrows with impressive alacrity, and Nalethe working together with the two humans. That left---The clump of vines holding him shuddered and jerked, dropping him down almost a meter before they caught him again and Solarion yelped, then cursed silently, ignoring the high edge of panic accompanying the words in his head as the vine that'd practically been massaging his lips in an attempt at getting inside shoved in until it hit the back of his throat. Retching, he tried to find what had caused the upset, and spotted Rook darting away from the center of the plant. He looked up, and Solarion was at least a little mollified to see the apologetic grimace twisting the lower part of his face (when had he gotten good enough to read Rook's expressions past the mask?) before it was wiped away for something that looked more like grim fury. Why he was so angry, Solarion didn't know. Wasn't like he was up here with him and Sweetest!Solarion didn't care about why, honestly, as the plant shuddered again, vines whipping around in aimless, jerky fury, and like this he was going to vomit if it kept up too long. Behind and above him, Sweetest wailed in shrieking protest for the way they were being 'rescued', then the noise abruptly got muffled and Solarion shuddered in sympathy. There wasn't enough water or wine in the world to wash out the taste of resiny, spicy sap, and all he wanted was to get down. Before the vines could get any further!He almost didn't get his wish.One thin one managed to tease between his jacket and the sash and Solarion cringed, no longer finding the obscene sliding of the vine in his mouth the most critically important thing to pay attention to, but before he could do... well, nothing at all except try to come to grips with what was probably going to happen, the plant jerked again, the smell of burning green rose up, and both he and Sweetest were dropped.Nalethe caught him, of course, and out of the corner of his eye he saw one of the humans catching Sweetest, though he was quick to hand off the clinging, wailing tiefling to Zara, who was more accepting of dealing with Sweetest's distress. Solarion allowed himself one shaking moment of staying in Nalethe's arms, then relaxed and was let down - he was glad for the hand that caught his arm to steady him when his knees briefly didn't carry his weight, though."Well, if everybody could have been an adult 'bout their lives, this wouldn't have happened, you realize?"Solarion wasn't in the mood to even try to figure out which of the two humans who had spoken, and ignored the comment in favour of trying to put himself as much to rights as he could. As he shifted his shoulders, straightened his jacket and sash, he was strangely aware of Rook off to the side, standing, probably unintentionally, between both him and Sweetest and the burning plant."W-what do you mean?" Sweetest sniffled, scrubbing her face as she straightened up from where she'd been hiding her face against Zara's shoulder."Weell... they're virgin tra---""No!" Sweetest shrieked, loud enough all elves as well as the half-elf present flinched, and then she stomped away, puce in the face again, "I'm not listening to this!"Solarion sighed and finally looked up, caught by the mask turning his way as Rook turned away from the humans, now trying to (teasingly) placate Sweetest and call her back. The dark elf cocked his head."You're not offended."A statement, and Solarion rolled his eyes, brushing a hand through his hair. Had to ignore the way it was still trembling, just a little."What is there to be ashamed of? This... trip, interrupted my education before we could get that far. Not that it matters," he said tightly, tugging on his cuffs again, "let's find a place deeper in the ruins to make camp."He was not sleeping anywhere near that thing, even with it burned to a crisp. There could be others.

Slamming the door to the closet shut behind him, Solarion strides across the floor with the same sort of straight-backed dignity he would employ in the throne room, during a ball or other official function, despite that these are his rooms, and there's no one else in here besides Rook. It makes him feel a little ridiculous, but it's... fun, too, and the knowledge of what they're doing is sitting like sparkling champagne in the back of his head, in his veins, bubbles and heat pooling in his crotch. Not an erection - yet."You really ought to have planned this better," he announces, drawing on every lesson he's had and his voice fills his bedroom with satisfying weight, matching the drag of the sash over the floor, the stiff lines of silver embroidery down his sleeves, front, sides of his thighs. He rounds Rook to stare down his nose at him, chin held high, but it's a near thing that he blushes, pleased, with the way Rook's eyes briefly widen. They quickly narrow again, though in dark-eyed pleasure instead of the flat scowl he'd been wearing. That expression quickly returns even if he can't quite shake the low-lidded appreciation from his pale blue eyes.It's nice to know the effort he went through was worth it; Solarion hasn't worn this outfit in years, and it's actually a little tight around the shoulders and definitely straining just a shade too much to be entirely decent around his back, but it's one he's worn several times to actual functions, and he put on the jewellery to match. Everything is silver and white and silver-on-white, aside from the dark blue of the sash, creating a slash of colour cutting diagonally over his torso and trailing down to the floor. He could really have walked right out of here and out into the throne room and he'd fit right in, but, again... there's only one set of eyes here to see.Rook, in contrast, is wearing what Solarion assumes must be an old set of travelling gear. One he probably saved only for emergencies, for he hasn't ever seen Rook wear something old enough to need to be mended, as both this tunic and pants have been, and repeatedly. Kind of ruining all that work to keep his clothes whole, Rook has added a couple new rips to the tunic, authentic enough there's dark red scratches over the slash of delicate inky skin visible past ripped fabric.It's surprising how much that affects him, but maybe it's just because it lends more weight to the illusion they're creating. Somehow, Solarion keeps from shifting on his feet, though it's easier to deal with the growing arousal when there's no one to see, no stakes in the necessity of pretending he's not turned on (it has absolutely happened at very inappropriate and public moments, and every one of them were deeply mortifying, even when no one had known).Rook chooses to spit out his reply in Drow, sneering enough the cut of his tone almost sounds genuine. Only the lingering heat in his gaze reveals things aren't what they seem."We suppose one can't expect better of a drow," Solarion continues as if Rook hadn't said anything at all, "trying to assassinate a member of the imperial family right in the palace." He doesn't bother with a sneer, just layers incredulous exasperation on until Rook has to press his lips together, managing to turn it into surprisingly thin-lipped offense instead of laughing at Solarion's haughtiness. Opens his mouth, but Solarion doesn't give him the chance to say anything at all; he snaps a hand out, tangling it in the artfully mussed spill of silvery-white framing the right side of Rook's face and yanks.Harder than he usually would, and he can feel his face heat up a little from the way Rook's pupils dilate and how he - just - catches the way his mouth drops open on a silent gasp and wordlessly snarls instead."Uncouth," Solarion says mildly, arching an eyebrow and, with another tug, gentler this time, lets go. A little reluctantly, because the mussing isn't authentic enough to tangle Rook's hair enough it isn't just as silky as always, then turns and struts over to the chair they pulled out into the middle of the room. This, too, makes him feel a little ridiculous, but the heated weight of Rook's gaze following him eases the embarrassment and puts an extra swing to his step; this jacket, compared to many of his other ones, has no tails, and while the sash hangs low enough it's partially obscuring his ass, it doesn't do so entirely, and Rook is paying enough attention Solarion can feel his cock twitch. Making sure he's not smiling like an idiot when he turns to sit down, he makes as much of a show of it as he can, such as he would never do normally. He chooses to mimic Erenion from memory in the way he sweeps the tail end of the sash aside and sits back, hooking one leg over the other and looks Rook up and down, slowly.The pants he wears are loose, but the tunic, even if it's long enough to fall to mid-thigh, can't hide the way Rook is unable to pretend he's not interested in what's going on, and Solarion quickly moves on. If he stares too long, as much as he likes the hidden promise underneath the clothing, he's going to get flustered and ruin the tension. Rook have somehow managed to tie himself up enough it actually looks authentic where his wrists are crossed in front of him, and Solarion makes a mental note to ask him to show him later. For now, after snagging on the slashes of dark skin visible in the ripped tunic, mourning the fact that the tunic isn't open enough to spot even a hint of Rook's nipple piercings, Solarion finally meets Rook's eyes, staring at him coolly."A single wrong move will have you killed before you have so much as taken a step," he says, as if they aren't completely alone in his rooms and the heavy chair he's sitting on is an actual throne and not a squashy comfortable thing overflowing with cushions, "so, let Us see if you understand your position, drow."Haughtily, he extends his right arm, layers of flounced lace spilling past the jacket's cuff and covering his wrist, but does nothing to hide the single heavy ring on his middle finger. It's the only thing of gold he's wearing, the crest set in the signet ring made up of high-relief etching of the nine-rayed sun of his family, the unicorns in ivory and the sword and quill in mother-of-pearl. Around them is a boundary in black opal, the light catching the rainbow sparks caught in the darkness of the gem.Solarion would feel ashamed for the frivolous use he's putting his official signet ring to, even if no one will ever know, if it didn't thrill him so much.Rook stares down at him for a couple heartbeats, then slinks forward less like a predator and more like he's working the streets. Or maybe that's just Solarion's imagination, for Rook still manages to seem dangerous, all the way up to when he kneels down in front of him, bending his head with submissive grace. It makes Solarion want to tangle his hand in Rook's hair again and yank him forward, and he flushes faintly, embarrassed and aroused both. At least Rook can't see that, more focused on snagging the end of the fingers in the hand Solarion's holding out, and leaning forward over it.Rook's lips slide against Solarion's signet ring as if it is his lips, and the ring, though large, since it's still made for Solarion's slim hands disappears under the press of lips so that Solarion can feel the peek of soft skin against his fingers. He doesn't shiver, but Rook is clearly not done by the look he gives him past his lashes, as well as by the peek of a smirk at the corners of that generous mouth.Solarion can see a peek of tongue stealing out to taste gold and gems and mother-of-pearl, and that is just not right. It merely makes the heat in his belly tighten and slide lower, however, and he would feel ashamed of that too, if Rook didn't have all of his attention as he drags his lips sideways, pressing a kiss to the corner between thumb and index finger, tongue now coming out to taste his skin, slick and warm.Solarion's fingers twitches against his intention, but he certainly doesn't yank his hand away. He couldn't move even if he had to, rapt attention locked on Rook's bent head as he kisses his way down his index finger, teases a feathery brush of lips against the tip of it... then widens his mouth a little, enough to close his lips about the tip of index as well as Solarion's middle finger and then, meeting Solarion's widening eyes with the sort of bold challenge that has no place in the scene they're playing out (or maybe it does), slowly starts sliding those two fingers into his mouth.Now, Solarion can't keep from blushing; not with the way Rook's tongue is following the fingers as they go deeper, pressing along the underside of them, teasing the crack where they're pressed together... slides around them, and Solarion shivers, realizes where Rook is going with this and he can't.Pulling his hand free, he tangles it in Rook's hair instead, catching his rough breathing into a slightly more controlled inhale. Narrows his eyes while he tightens his fingers around moon-pale hair enough so Rook's smug grin opens into a soft-mouthed, silent groan."Let's see if you really understand how this is going to go, if you think you can take such freedoms with Our royal person without following through," Solarion says and is ridiculously proud his voice is steady, if a little rough. It doesn't crack, and his free hand is steady as he goes for the fastenings on his pants. Rook's bright eyes, having started to haze over, flick down to that hand, then up to meet his eyes."As His Majesty wishes."Solarion decides tugging on Rook's hair is a proper punishment for the way his cock throbs, from Rook's accented voice as much as what he chose to say, and how he said it. This time, Rook's groan isn't silent.Day 20 - face fucking/deepthroat + Day 19 - hair pullingAs Rook leans forward with wariness he doesn't actually feel and delicately licks at the leaking tip of Solarion's cock before slowly sliding the head into his mouth, he can admit he hadn't expected this to work out. Not this well anyway. He'd expected more hesitation, more breaking of character as Solarion looked to him for reassurance that he wasn't going too far. So far, there hasn't been much of that, and Rook is hard enough it actually hurts. He hadn't credited Solarion for being this good of an actor.Fingertips rubs against his scalp, light and tender compared to the way Solarion's slender hand is twisted into his loose hair, and Rook glances up through his lashes. Haloed in the light from the fixtures around the room, it turns Solarion's white hair nearly champagne in colour, and his eyes look nearly black the way his head is tilted down. The severe lines of the outfit, where not even the silver embroidery softens anything, lends a surprising edge to Solarion's otherwise softly heart-shaped face. He doesn't look threatening, really (that would be too much to ask, honestly), just haughtily distant despite the flush of pink stealing over his cheeks, the way his breathing is catching."Clearly you don't actually understand, if you think this is a proper display of obeisance," Solarion says with a sniff, though between the moment where his hand tightens further in Rook's hair and he shifts a shade closer towards the edge of his seat, Solarion's dark blue eyes catches Rook's gaze in a way that contrasts sharply with the glassy stillness of royal imperiousness he's projecting. There is the hesitation Rook expected, and he smiles a little, shifting forward on his knees in silent encouragement.He doesn't get a chance to go further than that.Solarion yanks, setting off the warning prickles of pain in his scalp into snaps of fire that warms his head, down his spine. At the same time, Solarion thrusts forward, and that is when Rook realizes how close to the edge of the seat Solarion had been sitting. It gives him the space he needs to shove his hips forward freely, and with the way he's pulling and then holding Rook close, it's all too easy for him to force his way in until Rook's lips are pressed against hot skin and cool, silky fabric. The sash Solarion is wearing is draped over the crown of his head, cutting off his view of Solarion as he chokes around the cock now lodged in his throat.Chokes, swallow, and groans at the way his cock twitches, at the pressure making his throat flutter around it."You live," Solarion says, a breathless pause while he shifts against Rook, tilting his hips up, pressing in without actually moving, which does a remarkable job of making Solarion's erection seem longer and thicker than it actually is, "on Our say so. We suggest you, ah, think about that."Solarion shifts back, and pulls Rook back by his hair at the same time, pulling Rook off his cock as much as he pulls away from Rook's mouth. Solarion's hand is now fisted around the long, soft strands close to Rook's skull, warm tingles feeding Rook's arousal as Solarion shoves forward again, pulling him in at the same time by the grip on his hair. Rook can resist, of course, even if his leverage is shitty with the way he has (loosely) tied his hands together, but why the hell would he want to?Even prepared this time, he still chokes a little, swallowing in reflexive struggle around the cock forced all the way to its root inside his mouth and throat. He hadn't expected this either, and it's deeply thrilling all on its own, warming his erection to tender sensitivity in its confines.Obediently, he closes his lips around Solarion's cock, tongue dragging along the underside and sucking deeply while Solarion pulls back, using far more force and speed than he ever would normally. The hand in his hair is trembling, a little, but Solarion's rhythm remains steady and when Rook glances up in that moment he's out from under the sash, Solarion's eyes are dark, more haloed by the blue than anything else, and the blush has definitely spread down towards his collar. If there is hesitation, it's eclipsed by arousal."Maybe," Solarion's cultured voice is rougher now, his haughtiness faltering for softer heat despite his very best efforts, and Rook swallows decisively around the cock down his throat whenever he has the chance to do so, feeling Solarion shudder and his dick twitch every time, "We should let the guards in here have a turn. It'd only be suita---Rook!"Gasping, Solarion slumps forward as he thrusts in again, both hands buried in Rook's hair now, twisting, and shudders around his release. Rook... isn't quite there yet, but shameful, safe heat throbs in his cock at the image Solarion's words has just painted up and he moans around the softening cock in his mouth, swallowing as much as he can.Who knew his princeling had it in him?

"Rook? I don't think I'll be able to walk like this."He'd been good, and hadn't turned around until Solarion spoke up. It'd been really hard, listening to the rustle of fabric and then the smoother, heavier noise of leather, and right now Solarion was outright creaking as he shifted around. Not to talk about the flashes of emotions he'd been getting - embarrassment, uncertainty, stubborn determination, and something Rook wasn't entirely sure what it was just yet, but it felt positive. Rook decided that comment meant it was fine to turn around, and certainly didn't regret it."You look fine," he said, grinning. The expression further widened into a smirk when Solarion turned around (a pity), swaying a little but still effortlessly keeping his balance, to give him a narrowly exasperated look."That's not what I was worried about."Pale hands slid down dark leather encasing slim thighs, then back up, tugging at the low, low waistband, which only resulted in a muffled noise as the leather pushed up against Solarion's cock and, undoubtedly, his ass. Talking of..."Turn around again, little rabbit." Rook wasn't the least bit ashamed of the heat in his voice, and only gave Solarion another grin when he looked up at him again. If Solarion wanted him to stop, he shouldn't project fond exasperation through the bond. He got the haughtiest little huff, but Solarion did turn around, and now it was Rook's turn to swallow a muffled noise.Solarion was wearing one of his pants - all of what he was wearing currently was something of Rook's, from the t-shirt with its incendiary slogan in Drow on it, bright against the black fabric, to the boots, which were an older pair, less straps on them than he currently favoured, to the jacket, again an older one, but worn buttery soft, down to the pants. Those were new enough, hence all the creaking and squeaking as Solarion just couldn't stand still, but given the way they were fitting on him, Rook couldn't blame him. They were a little longer on Solarion than they were on Rook, and while he had more space in the front, all that was used to compensate for the lack of space Solarion, compared to Rook, had in the back. Those pants were for Rook's far skinnier ass, and on Solarion they sat as if painted on, forcing an already generously curved behind into a downright pert squeeze.

He looked as uncomfortable as he was clearly enjoying it, self-consciously tugging on the waistband of the pants, at the bottom and cuffs of the jacket. Rook glanced sideways, to the bed behind Solarion where his clothes lay (neatly, of course) discarded. Soft gray slacks and a navy blue shirt he'd worn with the sleeves rolled up to his elbows, the collar shallowly conservative, much as the cut of the rest of the clothes. At least he wore a nice, if very classic, style of low-heeled boots and not something like loafers, but the difference from the clean-cut image the light elf usually presented and this was like night and day.Rook stared, and couldn't stay where he was any longer.Solarion jumped a little when Rook's hands slid over his ass to give an indulgent squeeze, confirming the pants were as tight as they looked, but he slid his hands around and rested them over the gentle slope of Solarion's hip bones instead. He was nice, after all. Then he groaned when Solarion shifted back and pressed that pert, full curve of his ass against Rook's growing erection."And here I was being nice," he said, squeezing Solarion's hips and didn't need him to turn around to pick up on his smug amusement. He even arched a little, half-rubbing himself against him. Dipping his head, Rook buried his nose in the crook of Solarion's neck, ignoring the way the collar of the jacket squashed against his cheek. Clean soap, sunlight and, jarringly different, leather, as he breathed in. The last so much something of his, he would have purred if he could."I feel ridiculous," Solarion said, and he could hear the uncertain frown in his voice, contrasting with the hesitant pleasure underneath, obvious only across the bond. Rook wouldn't let him hide from the latter by only paying attention to the former, though. Sliding his hands fully around Solarion's middle, Solarion accommodating him by relaxing back against him, Rook kissed his earlobe, sucking the diamond stud there into his mouth and making Solarion shift for another reason entirely than the leather."You look amazing. How does it feel, wearing clothes from the other side?"A beat of silence, then Solarion tilted his head back, Rook only just seeing the flash of dark blue past the fall of white hair covering that eye, past the delicate little splash of pink over pale cheeks. Underneath it was a shyly pleased little smile."Pretty good, actually."

Solarion's closet was less of a closet and more of a room unto itself, spacious enough despite the clothing that he could turn around completely along the middle of it and march up and down the length of it to get a feel for how clothing both sat and looked, as well as fit a padded bench to sit on. One of the short walls had a wall-to-wall mirror, with a slice of the wall to one side containing a narrow mirror as well, giving him both a head-on view and a side angle. It was needed surprisingly often. The mirror didn't reach up to the ceiling, but it could have served someone far taller than he was to give them a full-length view of themselves.Dealing with the last of the many tiny, mother-of-pearl buttons down the front of his jacket, Solarion looked up into the mirror, using it to look behind him without turning around while he adjusted his cuffs, tugging gently on the thin, fine layers of lace. He wasn't entirely paying attention, using muscle memory and feel to get the cuffs right while he watched Rook in the mirror instead.Rook, who was sitting on the bench, eyeing himself with an expression Solarion had to work very hard not to smirk at. Not like Rook hadn't worn current noble light elven fashion before, but admittedly this was the first time it was as fine as this was. Excluding the masquerade outfit, but that wasn't entirely the same thing, Solarion decided. This was...

Rook's silver-white hair was braided diagonally down one side of his skull, tied off with a glossy black ribbon, matching the shoes (the first time Solarion had managed to convince him to go with the sort of shoes common among the nobility currently instead of really nice boots). There was a peek of two layers of ruffle around Rook's throat, black like the shoes and ribbon, but the rest... all of it went in white and gold, a match for Solarion's outfit as well as a contrast. Where the shoulders of his jacket was covered in stiff gold-thread embroidery of roses, Rook's upper back had a similar section, the gleaming embroidery portraying winter jasmine instead. Rook's cuffs were broader, larger, and there was no visible ruffle of his shirt cuffs at the end, and his jacket cut away from his front near the bottom and the winter jasmine pattern repeated along the hem of the jacket. It gave him more weight and a surprisingly dramatic profile only enhanced by the white and gold silk and satin against his inky skin. The paler colours helped his skin look like the sky after twilight, but before the sky turned truly black.Tongue caught between his lips and ignoring it, Solarion dipped his gaze lower, and now he did grin. Thanks to Rook not wearing any of his more usual tunics and the way both the gold with white embroidery waistcoat and the jacket were cut, the knee-length pants, thin and tight as they were, gave ample proof to Rook's other asset.The pants ending at the knees and letting the even thinner silk stockings cover his lower legs showed off his calves, too, and he did have really nice ones---"Are you gonna walk out of here like that?"Guiltily jerking his eyes up, Solarion met Rook's sparkling blue eyes in the mirror, blinked, and almost asked what he meant, and then didn't need to ask as he shifted. Heat crawled up his neck, settled in his cheeks and teased out towards the tips of his ears as Solarion finally registered the fact that he had absolutely gotten hard watching Rook. Just because he was wearing something nice. Well, in his defense, it wasn't something Rook usually wore, it was current fashion, and it was tailor made for him! (He'd thought the way he'd kind of twitched when he'd first seen Rook in his masquerade outfit had been a fluke. Apparently not.)"There's time," he said, straightening up and giving a haughty sniff, trying to cover his embarrassment, "I can wait it out."Solarion ducked his head, returning his attention to the not-quite-right arrangement of his cuffs and tried not to stand in such a way that the pants strained too much over his crotch. As such, he missed Rook's expression heating up, missed the amusement turn into heavy-lidded mischief. Certainly missed the fact Rook might be getting on to half-hard himself, now."Can't have His Highness go unfulfilled," Rook said and stood up, brushing off his thighs before he walked up to stand right behind Solarion, arms coming around his waist and bunching up the sash dyed deep tyrian purple draped across Solarion's torso as he locked him in place.

"Rook..." Soft, amused exasperation warmed Solarion's voice, and he was leaning back against him as if he really didn't believe Rook would go through with this, but he'd said it himself, hadn't he? There was time. Besides, while he couldn't say Solarion's outfit was necessarily getting him hard, no matter how good his princeling looked in it, with white and gold and the dramatic slash of purple across his chest, there was an entirely different reason for Rook to corner Solarion like this, pressing the heel of his hand against the bulge in the gold-threaded satin of the pants. It squeezed the exasperation right out of Solarion, and for a moment he leaned more heavily against Rook as his knees gave before he locked them, dark blue eyes narrowing as he stared at Rook in the mirror. "We---""We've got time, so let me," he interrupted before Solarion could put his foot down; for as little as he truly did that, Rook neither wanted to disregard his wishes when he did, and Solarion could throw around his presence pretty well, when he was annoyed enough. So he had to pre-empt him. Leaning down the little bit needed, he breathed against the shell of Solarion's ear, lips brushing against the slender point of it, then down, while he followed the length of the trapped erection with the heel of his hand. Solarion's narrow chest shuddered, making the mother-of-pearl buttons wink in the light.What he wanted, and he certainly wasn't going to tell his little prince, both because it'd undoubtedly mortify him and be an even surer way to make him refuse, was to debauch him while wearing this outfit. So much coin in such a compressed space, layers of fine fabric and jewels and gold, all aimed towards making the wearer's status clear.It wasn't that he disliked what he saw; far from. It was just some irresistible desire to watch Solarion fall to pieces while he looked even more royal than he usually did. Solarion's authority was as attractive as it rankled, somewhere, reminding Rook of things he'd firmly left behind and yet Solarion expressed it so differently there was no comparison.Rook just wanted to mess him up a little."Rook---" Solarion hissed, but contrary to being a demand to stop, Solarion decidedly tipped his hips into the pressure of his hand, a slight cant to it that shifted his hand to the right a shade, sliding over soft, fine fabric and the hardness underneath. It was Rook's turn to shiver a little, but this time he had no problem indulging the demand. Was quite happy to, actually, and spread his hand out to map out the shape of Solarion's cock through his pants, watching both what he was doing as well as watching Solarion in the mirror instead of looking down.Delicate pink was fighting with the golden undertone in Solarion's skin, enhanced by the gold embroidery covering his shoulders, the wink of gold jewellery in his ears, and his bottom lip was turning even pinker at the corners as white teeth dug into it. He rather wanted to kiss him, but that might really distract them, and while they had time, they didn't have so much indulging could become a complicated production.Solarion met his gaze in the mirror, then looked beyond, actually at them and instantly turned apple red, clashing instead of complimenting the white and gold of his outfit. The blue of Solarion's eyes disappeared beneath the fall of his hair and the angle he ducked his head at, breath shuddering as he pressed back against Rook, still hitching his hips up in a way that had Rook dragging his hand further down, nails catching over hardness and satin to tease between his legs, finding his balls."You should watch," he coaxed, shameless about it and unable to hide his laugh, low and warm. Solarion's ear, if not Solarion himself at the moment, certainly appreciated the laughter, twitching against his lips while he did what he could with tight fabric in the way, rubbing carefully against the delicate orbs and then, as Solarion thrust, went back up, speeding up, aware of the heat growing under his hand. "You look fantastic.""I don't---" Solarion's breath caught, voice failing him, either from his embarrassment or because Rook found the head of his cock, pressed down around it and then stroked back along the length, clutching him as well as he could. "Don't need, to see."That's what he said anyway, but his head shifted its angle just slightly, then Solarion turned it to press the side of his face against Rook's shoulder instead. His quiet moan was almost enough to get Rook to come, right there and like that, with nothing more but that noise and the press of Solarion's ass to his cock. Almost wasn't actually though (unfortunately, if luckily, for that would be somewhat embarrassing), and Rook twisted his hand around the heated hardness. He knew he could easily undo the buttons and slip inside, but now he wasn't just committed, there was something fascinating watching the shift of gold fabric over Solarion's slim hips, a growing wet spot staining it darker as he worked the bulge over, his own dark hand against the soft, fine fabric---Solarion stiffened as his hips pressed up against his hand, and Rook was no longer clutching a steady hardness. He made sure to shift his stance so he could hold Solarion up (not hard, despite the really rather short distance between their heights, and their near-identical builds, Solarion weighed less than he did) until his quivering thighs and the sated softness of his spine both stiffened."Now I'm going to need to change my trousers," Solarion said, and he was absolutely pouting. Laughing, Rook gave in, tipped his head back, and kissed him."No one's going to notice if you wear a slightly different pair of gold pants to this outfit, little rabbit," Rook said and was graced by a narrowly offended stare."I think you'll find you're wrong. But no matter, there's no time to argue about it if should help you and change--- Rook?" Solarion frowned, his confusion adorable, as Rook stepped away from him, waving him off."Change. I'll wait it out."

The thing one had to remember was that it wasn't necessary to literally be on top to dictate what was happening, no matter what one liked, or how one liked it. Solarion could readily admit riding was one of his favourite positions (it'd had a pleasing aesthetic to it before he'd gotten to try it, and with Rook's assistance he'd confirmed it), but on his back, legs hooked around Rook's narrow hips and heels digging into his ass had its own charms.Like stopping Rook mid-motion, buried to the hilt and shuddering against him, chest heaving and a sparkling drop of sweat sliding down past one sapphire nipple piercing, by merely tensing his thighs and calves.Not that Rook couldn't have continued to move if he felt like it, but the point was, he didn't.Bottom lip caught between his teeth as Solarion raised his hips and pressed himself forward, clenching around Rook until they were both moaning from the sensation, Solarion threw his head back. Squeezing Rook's biceps, he gasped when Rook leaned in, licking down his throat. He dug his heels into Rook's buttcheeks, one for each heel, and pressed him, somehow, that infinitesimal breath closer. Wrapping his arms around Rook's shoulders and twining his hands in shining white hair that fell just past Rook's dark shoulders, Solarion twined himself more around Rook, even though that wouldn't quite help either of them do anything but keep Rook trapped inside of him. And well, it let Solarion enjoy the heated fullness of Rook splitting him open, feeling no less huge now than he had the first time."Go as slow as you want," he breathed into Rook's ear, "and then, when you can't stand it any longer, do it a little more... then you bend me in half and we'll see how long either of us lasts."Rook's laughter mingled with his, and he tilted his head as he pulled away the moment Solarion unwound his arms, pale hands sliding over dark skin in a slow caress until he was squeezing Rook's wrists where his hands were down near Solarion's hips, and then let his hands fall away."Are you sure, little rabbit? I remember you usually lose patience before me," he said, smile wicked, and Solarion refused to blush, no matter how correct Rook was."I said what I said, love." Pointedly, he squeezed around Rook, pretending like that didn't also press Rook against his prostrate and shoot liquid lighting up his spine, down into his cock, making it twitch, leaving him catching his breath. The fact that it almost got a breathless wheeze out of Rook as a delicate purple washed over his cheeks and he jerked his hips against him was the real prize. Cocking his head, Solarion smiled up at Rook past his dishevelled bangs, flushed pink skin, and heaving chest and arched an eyebrow. "Now."He didn't even need to do much of anything, just said it just so, eased his grip on Rook's hips up, and then allowed himself to admit that it'd been a foolish idea, for Rook did have more patience than he did, and also more stamina. Well, that was as much a blessing as it was a curse, and one had to torture oneself sometimes.Especially when it was as pleasant as this, feeling like his breath was slowly being squeezed out of him as Rook just as slowly pressed inside over and over again, the pace nearly maddeningly glacial. It was exactly what he'd wanted and Rook, as always, was all too happy to oblige him.

Solarion still isn't sure how Rook talked him into this. There'd been teasing, cajoling, a couple heatedly whispered promises, and then, the coup de grace. Rook didn't often make use of his pouty puppy eyes, but they were downright deadly. Still, even with all that, Solarion isn't quite why he actually agreed and is now going through with this. It's ridiculous, and feels a little insulting.... Okay, no, it's not that. He just feels awkward. Awkward peeking at the scraps of clothing where they're laying on the bed in the corner of his eye. Awkward undressing. Awkward pulling the very short, long-sleeved bolero on, closed by a single button under the hollow in his throat, dramatically cutting away under his arms and only barely covering his upper back. It leaves his chest decidedly bare, and if it wasn't warm in Rook's apartment, he'd be shivering. He does so anyway, feeling air brush over his nipples.Next a pair of hot pants with a very conspicuous hole in the back, and Solarion eyes it with deep, flustered mistrust, narrowing his eyes accusingly at the brief article of clothing like it is responsible for his predicament. He pulls it on, cheeks heating. The shorts sit low enough that when (if) zipped up, they'll just barely cover everything important, and he can also feel a distinct brush of air around the bottom curve of his butt. At the very least, he has to admit, the outfit, as... practically nonexistent as it is, is surprisingly comfortable, and the flocked material it's made out of nearly distractingly soft.They match the ears, which are at least not exaggerated in size but just as damning all the same. Eyeing the headband narrowly, Solarion suppresses a sigh and slides it into his hair. He feels ridiculous. The shoes, if they're supposed to be called that, are honestly the least offensive part of the outfit; like high heels without any actual heels, merely reinforced under the toes and the arch, they help him keep his balance while he walks on the balls of his feet.

Solarion picks the fluffy-ended butt plug up with a grim expression, eyeing it with deepening mortification. It's one of theirs, so it's not actually unfamiliar, but the fluffy puff of a tail attached to the end of it certainly is new, and came with the outfit. This is terrible, and if Rook laughs he's tossing him out of his own apartment (no, he isn't). The only reason he's about to walk out of here before he's entirely done is because it'll be easier if Rook helps him, especially when the plug is in and it's time to fit the tail through the hole in the hot pants. Swallowing a groan, Solarion swallows the rest of his dignity with it and opens the door to the tiny bedroom."Rook? Help me with this." Solarion's already aiming for the small kitchen table, figuring it'll be easiest to help him if he's bent over slightly. At least he needs to bend less in these shoes. He very decidedly didn't looked at Rook as he came out of the sleeping niche, but Rook is also for some reason not coming up behind him.Turning around, Solarion blinks, staring across the the open space to the part of the room used as a living room, where Rook's one, beat-up love seat sits. He's blushing (well, at least Solarion isn't the only one, then), and there's no (yet) heated, smirking low-lidded look plastered on Rook's face. No, instead he's wide eyed, those blue eyes so bright they almost seem to glow in the muted light of the apartment, and Solarion might not feel so bad about this, now.

Twitching when Solarion repeats his name, Rook realizes he's been staring and straightens up, clearing his throat. "Yeah. I'll help."He might sound a little strangled, but he figures that's a small price to pay, and proper tribute for the sight he's presented with. His little rabbit - literally so, right now - looks vaguely pleased, anyway. He should. The velvety flocking gives a soft, nearly furry look to the, ah, very brief clothing, the white of the hotpants, bolero and ears matching Solarion's hair. The long sleeves on the bolero emphasize the lean lines of Solarion's slender torso, the pink of his nipples like beacons the way they're framed. The hot pants, though they're not zipped up, are only barely hiding Solarion's modest dick.... Good thing he wasn't the one wearing the outfit. Not that he couldn't work it, but the point, Rook feels, about the outfit isn't just all that's left bare, it's what isn't. It's the slender-limbed tease of it---Okay, helping Solarion it is, though he has to adjust himself as he comes over, and Solarion's expression is somewhere between pink-faced embarrassment and smug amusement as he turns around to brace against the table.

The long line of Solarion's bare back is a narrow sweep of pale skin, and Rook's hand is like an ink spill against it and the equally pale shorts as he tugs them down below Solarion's ass. The grope, he thinks, is understandable, and Solarion at least doesn't say anything, just arches under it. It makes the ears on his head shift, and if the butt plug was already in, it'd make the tail bob. Grinning at the idea, Rook doesn't waste any time getting the plug slicked up, then pauses.

"If you don't hurry up, I'm going to get out of this embarrassment," Solarion says, a genuine thread of tension in his voice, and Rook complies. If... while indulging himself. How is he supposed not to, when it's easier to focus on the sight in front of him when it's not his dick he's pushing inside Solarion's ass? He squeezes one cheek to the side to press the tip of the bulb to Solarion's entrance, earning himself a shuddering huff and Solarion spreading his legs slightly. He probably didn't even notice he did it. Rook's smile might be fondly lopsided, but the heat settling in his crotch is very real, making the strain of his pants against him that much worse.He works the plug in slowly, letting Solarion adjust and relax around it. He would have chosen a smaller one, but Solarion had chosen this one himself, while blushing prettily, so who was he to deny him? He shifts it around and jiggles it for every bit it disappears inside past the firm swell of Solarion's cheeks. Then, right before it settles into place with that last little slide of muscles tugging it inside, he pulls it out again."Rook---!" Solarion's groan is breathless, and he can see his fingers tighten around the edge of the table as he glances over one narrow shoulder. Solarion arches up, too, turning the angle of his back from graceful to fuck me."Yeah," he says, and gently pushes the plug back in, letting it go this time and watching the tail settle into place, a little low for a real tail, but the way the high arches of Solarion's ass frame it..? Perfect. He'd linger more when pulling the hotpants back up and tugging the tail through the hole and into place if he might not ruin everything and simply pull the plug out right away again.With a deep breath, which matches Solarion's heavy exhale, Rook steps away as Solarion straightens up, swaying slightly before he catches his balance and his face briefly contorts in a mix of breathless pleasure and mortification from the way the plug shifts inside of him. Rook's about to point out that if Solarion had chosen a smaller one, he wouldn't be having this issue, but right about then Solarion has zipped himself up and he turns to face him, staring down at him with his dark blue eyes smouldering.

With Rook barefoot and Solarion on the balls of his feet, he is, for once, taller than Rook. Not by much, but just enough, and the look on his face suits the animal attributes he's wearing - it's warm, liquidly soft... and not at all like a prey animal facing a predator."Turn around for me, would you, little rabbit?" Again, Rook can acknowledge he sounds kind of strangled, and while Solarion's still blushing, the low-lidded grin is nothing but heated. He turns too, a graceful sway to his step and hips both. The fluffy little tail absolutely does bob as he moves, and when he's facing Rook again, there's a narrow look in his face as he looks him up and down."I hope you're up for more than once, tonight. I'm not pulling this out immediately, but when it does come out, you better be ready." Solarion tiptoes up to him, his ears bobbing with every step much as the tail must be doing, framed by that perfect ass, and stretches his arms out over Rook's shoulders, leaning in close. Against his pale skin and the white of the outfit, his rosebud lips look very pink."Whatever you want," Rook says, and while he always means it, he might be meaning it a little more fervently right now.

Sitting back on his knees after tying the ribbon, Solarion watched Rook tug on his arms; first one, then the other, then both of them together, but while the fabric may be soft, it was still strong. More than strong enough to hold someone who was stronger than either of them, Solarion knew, if only theoretically. His knots, too, were definitely good enough to hold, despite that the shiny fabric was a bit slick and could be hard to make hold a knot if you didn't know what you were doing.Or, well, if you wanted to give the person you were tying up a way to slip out of the bonds. That was how they'd started out, both of them uncertain they really were ready to afford that sort of immobility. (It wasn't about the trust, not really. It was complicated.) Not this time, though. This time, Solarion had tied the ribbons as you could, and the knots held as much as the ribbons held against Rook yanking on them."You'll have to show me the trick later," Rook said thoughtfully as he tipped his head sideways to watch where the shining golden length of fabric, half as broad as a palm, was wound several times around his wrists, tied into a knot, then led back to the head of the bed and tied again. Each place was further tied off with a bow, just to needle Rook a little, and by the exasperated look Solarion got, he'd succeeded. Solarion smiled benevolently, tipping his head to the side, and pretended he hadn't seen that."I will," he promised, and then actually took a moment to enjoy the sight laid out for him. The white sheets and huge, fluffy pillows in equally white pillowcases were a stark contrast against Rook's dark skin, like moving shadow, almost. The golden ribbons, holding Rook's arms out to the side and up towards the head of the bed, were matched by the ribbon wrapped criss-crossed around Rook's lower legs and loosely tied together between his ankles, and shimmered every time he shifted. It was pretty, and Solarion had just reached out a hand, dropping it to Rook's smooth, strong thigh and staring down at, again, the contrast between dark and light, when Rook apparently thought now was a good time to be smart."Are you only going to watch, Your Highness?"Solarion didn't need to turn his head to know Rook had arched an eyebrow and was probably smirking at him. He didn't bother to look over, rather kept looking up Rook's long legs, to the large, half-hard organ starting to rise up with purple-tinged pride from Rook's groin, and, after a moment of lamenting that that wasn't what he was going to touch, in any way or at all, tonight, Solarion moved on."Perhaps," he said mildly, squeezing Rook's thigh and sliding down to lay on his stomach and partially on top of Rook, an arm folded under him on top of Rook's stomach, which flexed under his weight. Like this, he had Rook's chest and his generous but teasingly smirking mouth right in front of him. The best thing about the sleekly muscled chest was the dark purple nipples crowning inky skin. "Why shouldn't I? You're as handsome as you're pretty."Rook's smirk turned into a smug smile, but there was a warmth in his eyes that belied the arrogance of his reaction to the compliment. Solarion met that smug pleasure with an agreeable quirk to one corner of his mouth, and reached out with the hand he wasn't laying on. Traced around the dusky nipple until he slid his fingers up on the chain trailing away from the little ring hanging beside the drop-shaped piercing, and pressed his fingertip down. Dragged it along the chain until he'd stretched it out, and Rook's stomach tensed beneath his arm while he tried to keep from squirming.The shifting caught light in the faceted drops of sapphire decorating Rook's nipples, the gem blue and the metal gold. Solarion eased up on the pressure on the chain and followed it up to the opposite nipple, flicking the piercing there, instead."But maybe I was just taking my time to get to where I was going." Smile edging into a little grin of his own, now, Solarion reached down to decisively tug on the thin chain between the piercings, until Rook's nipples were pulled away from his chest and Rook was arching up against him, trying to follow along and not getting very far, thanks to the ribbons. "Do you think you can come just from this?"Idle curiosity full of intent; he'd been curious about that since the first time he'd gotten to touch and watched Rook blush and his pale eyes darken, and he looked up now to meet blue eyes, as dark now as they'd been then, and cocked his head in inquiry."Little rabbit, you don't seriously mean that..?" Rook looked as intrigued as he seemed a little pinched at the suggestion Solarion would be avoiding his dick and hole both entirely. Smiling one of his best innocent smiles, he shook his head, fringe briefly falling away to reveal both his eyes."I most certainly do," he assured Rook and leaned over, gently rolling one nipple between finger and thumb to feel where the metal was piercing the sensitive little nub, already hard, and sucked the other piercing into his mouth until his lips were around the nipple and he could roll the piercing around with his tongue. Looking up to meet Rook's gaze, he arched his eyebrows and smiled around the nipple, tugging on the piercing he had his fingers on. Rook sucked a breath in, his stomach flexing along with his shifting hips, and there was now a creeping purple tingeing Rook's cheeks, to match the purple colouring his hardening erection. Not that Solarion was looking at his cock, as fetching as it was, thick and long and demanding your full attention if you gave it half a chance.Which was why he wasn't, and instead traced out the one piercing, then down to the chain, and pulled on it. Pulled on it until he could feel the chain taut against his bottom lip and chin as he sucked on the piercing in his mouth while Rook's breath came shorter and shorter until he was panting. He eased up on the chain, enough so Rook's weight shifted back heavily into the mattress and his blue eyes, hazy with arousal, met his own again.

He could admit his cock twitched, hearing Rook say his name. Partially because he didn't actually use it all that often, partially because of the breathless pleasure in it. Partially also because Rook had dropped his perfect Common and Solarion's name came out accented by his native Drow, the  musical cadence different than if it was spoken in most elvish dialects (and entirely different from the more flat Common). In response, Solarion tongued the nipple in his mouth, took the piercing delicately between his teeth, and tugged.Rook moaned, loudly and deeply enough Solarion felt it against his chin and chest. He could feel Rook's bound legs shifting restlessly, tugging against the ribbon keeping his legs tied to each other, restricting the curled-toe kicks as Solarion changed nipples, tugged on the chain again, and generously licked around the nipple that'd so far remained dry. Rook shuddered and arched up against him, trying again to follow when he kept his hold on the chain, pulling it enough Rook couldn't get far enough to ease up on the pressure thanks to his arms being tied to the headboard.The nipples were both so very stiff, now, and Solarion eased up on the chain if only so he could, after giving Rook a second to suck a breath in, his chest shuddering under Solarion's weight, pinch one and nibble on the other, firmly enough to feel the metal inside shift and leave Rook twisting against the ribbons. Rook squirmed, then thrust, and he was free to do so against absolutely nothing, for Solarion wasn't pinning him down. The purple on Rook's cheeks had now spread out all the way to the tips of his ears and was working its way down towards his collarbones, a delicate addition of colour to the starker contrasts between dark skin and pale fabrics.

"I know you want to come, kitten," he said, interrupting the gasping moan of his name, breathing over the wet, sensitive nipple as he spoke and that, too, made Rook squirm, "you look fantastic, by the way. Didn't think I actually could get you squirming so much just from playing with your nipples."Rook gave him a look that apparently didn't know whether it wanted to be an exasperated glare or a heated flirtation, and Solarion smiled beatifically again, ignored the throbbing from his dick where it was still trapped in his pants, the only article of clothing he still wore, and bent down again. Matched and contrasted feathering touches around one nipple and twitchy jerks of the chain with the way he mouthed at the other piercing, not actually touching the nipple as he let the way he rolled the hard facets of the jewel around in his mouth, or tugged on it, travel into the stiff nub instead. Rook shuddered and twisted under him, but he had enough weight on him to keep him still where he needed to be, all the while his hips were working jerkily and he'd grabbed the ribbons tied to his wrists just to have something to hold on to.Solarion wasn't even sure what, exactly, caused Rook to tip over; between one moment and the next, he just stiffened, breath caught in the back of his throat, and Solarion could feel his arm and side being hit, seed rolling hot and wet down his skin to pool over Rook's stomach instead.Slowly, he sat up, staring down at Rook as he came down from his orgasm, mouth trembling open around his pants. His erection practically twitched at the sight, and it was Solarion's turn to squirm."Love? Your mouth... would it be all right, if I didn't unti---""Come here," Rook said roughly, the most commanding (or maybe that was demanding) he'd been all night. Solarion smirked, relieved but still cautiously slow as he undid his pants and went to straddle Rook. Rook, though, didn't have any hesitation over what he wanted to do, or the angle they were going to do it from, and Solarion had no protests, only desire to finally come, too.

Hand skipping over a few floggers, doubled-over straps and larger paddles, Elerra settles on a small paddle, round with a couple holes in it, and barely larger than her own hand. She has implements for when they're needed, but she prefers the intimacy of using her bare hand, and has the strength to carry through. For this, though, she has no desire to touch skin on skin any more than necessary, but the intimacy will be just as important, so she picks up the small paddle with a certain sense of pleased satisfaction. It'll be perfect.Turning around, she pauses by the heavy piece of furniture where she stores her flogging implements and leans against it, tapping the edge of the paddle against her lips. What a pleasant view.Her big, round bed, swathed in heavy fabrics and decorated with several heavily carved bedposts placed at regular space around the it, is decorated not just by pillows and covers, but also two pretty boys. Ristel is dark against the mountain of jewel-toned pillows he's reclining against, leaned forward as far as he's allowed against the short chain between him and the head of the bed. She hadn't bothered with anything elaborate as all she is looking for is a distraction and to unleash some tension before her busy afternoon, but she can also not have Ristel put all that unsightly but amusing desire to protect in her way. Protect, and, far more fitting but she wonders if the light elf knows it, jealous possessiveness. He doesn't want her to touch what's his as much as he doesn't want her to hurt what he cares about.It's as amusing as it's incredibly easy to exploit, and it's clear the surface has done quite a bit of damage to her ridiculous pet.No matter; she'll correct it, though it might take more time than it took to make him properly submissive again. Another tap to her lip and she smirks, looking down her slender pet, white leather bright against his dark skin and the dark covers, a leash going from the collar through his cuffed hands and to the second male on her bed, to pool beyond them both.

The reason she's choosing a paddle this early afternoon. He looks like a china figure against the dark fabrics on and around her bed, pale, pale, pale, and so very slender, his white hair gleaming on top of his head. Black leather to contrast against the white Ristel is wearing, and against his pale skin. He's also bent over, arms tied behind his back, ass in the air, a spreader bar between his legs. It's a very, very nice ass, and frankly, aside from the additional pressure threatening to break that fragile china statue of a light elf she can put on Rook, the ass is the reason he's still alive, and here. It's high and firm, round in ways few males are graced with without certain effort on their part, and all the more delightful for that.Ristel has his hands tangled in his light elf's hair, awkwardly carding through it with twitches of his fingers. She wonders if it's to try to soothe, or to convince him it's better to stay down. Either way, the sight spurs her forward; time to interrupt such a sweet little scene. She doesn't have all day, and she won't be able to amuse herself again until late tonight, if at all, today. Her pet looks up to watch her approach, wide-eyed, head at a downwards angle. Neither of which stop those bright eyes from darkening when she just barely skates fingertips over the high curve of one pale asscheek, a tremble answering her touch.Meeting her pet's eyes again, she smiles sweetly, picks up the end of the leash as she settles on her knees behind the light elf, and yanks on it. The choked noise is reward enough, but honestly, not the point. The point is those graceful legs shifting a little wider where he can against the spreader bar as the darthiir tries to change his position in what little way he can to ease the pressure of the collar against his throat. Luckily for him, since Ristel has his hands already close by, shifting from his hair to under his chin isn't far or hard. The light elf's back is now a stiff curve, ass in the air, chest pulled away from the mattress as far as he can with no leverage to use, and that's when she strikes.The light elf flinches from the whistling crack of wood on flesh probably before he's even registered he's been struck, a startled jerk that stiffens the line of his strained spine into trembling. There's a flare of pink on the outer side of the asscheek where the paddle hit, five small white spots against the pink, like a stylized flower, before the whole thing fades. The tremble of the flesh stills before the pink is gone, and she wants to see it again."Stop that!" There's a slight rough edge to the furious, shocked hiss, undoubtedly thanks to his strained breathing, and above the light elf her pet turns ashen, his grip on the darthiir's chin unintentionally jerking against the collar, the way he twitched. Elerra smiles toothily down at him, tapping the paddle against her lips. He's undoubtedly imagining many different consequences to come from such blatant, demanding disrespect, for where the light elf normally manages an at the least deferential tone... that wasn't it. That was aristocratic displeasure used to be obeyed and treated with certain respect. Normally, she would go for her whip right now, but, she has realized she does not need to be so rough.What she will actually do will work just as well, even if it would be so easy to break the light elf.Breaking him wouldn't get her submission, though. She would get obedience, certainly, for that is what breaking gets you. So she'll settle for something else entirely, and strikes again, hard enough this time the high curve of the asscheek she's struck wobbles, the pink stain lasting longer, and for a sharp hiss of a breath to be heard. Not a sound otherwise.Her smile lingering, Elerra settles in for the long haul, though aware of the time she has. Lighter strikes closer to the tail bone, which nonetheless makes the light elf twitch and stiffen in subdued alarm, heavy ones to the full bottom cuve of his ass, and she enjoys the quivering flesh after every strike, the way they ripple outwards over delicate skin. Then there are the quick, sharp ones to his upper thighs. Those are probably the worst for him, especially when she goes for the inside of his thighs, so close to his cock she thinks she can see the hesitant half-hardness flinch and deflate every time she does it. He's so pale, there, that there's already a darkening hint of bruising and he can't protect himself at all, the bar keeping his thighs firmly apart. The rest of the pretty ass is firmly pink, now, edging towards red; the only white is left from every time the paddle strikes and leaves those pale indentations from the holes. It's supremely satisfying, for it would take more work than this to just see her effort turn up on darker drow skin, even Ristel's paler shades.She doesn't even have to hurry up in fear of not achieving her goal before she really has to leave, for at the next strike, a full, cracking one that nonetheless isn't in a particularly sensitive spot, just right against both cheeks, the cleft hitting the middle of the paddle, the darthiir flinches again, followed by a trembling shudder that settles in his shoulders. She knows what's happening by the way Ristel's eyes widen, his mouth softening in open panic before he snaps his mouth closed, the clack of teeth against teeth hidden under her next strike, to the light elf's inner thigh this time. He flinches so hard he somehow manages to shuffle forward, tugging lightly on the leash she's keeping taut, wound around her other hand."Please---" It's begging, yes. Hitched and breathy, to match the tears she knows he's spilling even if she can't see him crying from where she is behind him, and she does wish she could see such naked, humiliating vulnerability. And yet... she has to admit she's impressed, for while he's begging, there's not an ounce of surrender or submission in the stiff trembling that surely only makes him feel the strikes all the more deeply. His slim, elegant cock is definitely half-hard now, and Elerra isn't sure whether he's begging because she managed to force that, or because of the pain.

What matters is the expression on Ristel's face as she smacks his little light elf's ass again.

Solarion shouldn't be pretty when he cries. He certainly shouldn't be pretty when he looks so distraught, the flush that'd earlier come from the collar restraining his breathing, from his embarrassment, now creeping down towards his chest like a disease and indicating something else tangled up in the distress. His large, dark blue eyes are shiny and his long, thick eyelashes spiky from the tears. The tears; huge and crystalline, each one seem equally as reluctant to spill over as the previous one, so they cling, and cling and finally overflow, tracking down the high curve of Solarion's cheeks with ponderous grace.His fingers are wet.Whatever Rook had imagined when Solarion had demanded Mistress stop, it isn't this. Nothing he'd have thought of would have included seeing Solarion actually bursting out into tears, and whatever shameful, guilty arousal had been burning in his stomach, making his cock hesitantly twitch while Solarion was getting paddled, evaporates.

Rook wishes he could ever apologize enough for that fact, but he probably can't, because so help him; Mistress looming over Solarion like she is, the shifting bunch of muscle in her arm as each strike hits and the rippling flinch through Solarion's gracefully arched and straining back, the splash of darkening red on his ass...It's still getting to him.Even with his palms near to overflowing where they're cupped under Solarion's chin (at least that's what it feels like) from his near-silent crying and the occasional, teary pleading to stop, there's still a stubborn thread of arousal. He wishes he'd dared to introduce spanking before this happened, because if he had, maybe he would have known this might happen. Maybe he could have prepared Solarion for it (how?), maybe Solarion wouldn't be crying at all right now.He doesn't want to see her seeing this utterly terrifying display of vulnerability, for what might she be able to do with it now that she knows? It doesn't matter. He can't do anything at all but try to keep easing the pull of Solarion's collar against his throat.A single, trembling trickle of wetness streak down the side of Rook's hand, and not even the black spidersilk sheets are dark enough to hide the wet splotch as it lands.

Nalethe found his royal charge in a tucked-away sitting room in one of the larger noble mansions in the city. There was a rather respectable amount of foolish aristocratic youngsters scattered around the room, all of them drunk, all of them cheering on the main action happening in a corner. All of them slowly falling silent as he stormed in, the hostess' mother following behind him and radiating displeasure. Clearly this drunken revelry and attendant... canoodling, hadn't been what she had sanctioned.Not that one didn't expect to find young nobles who hadn't yet reached majority engaging in these sort of activities, but there were limits. Limits which certainly didn't include the clever hand trying to get inside the prince's pants. At least Solarion had his hands safely at chest level, and he was probably a bit too distracted as well as drunk to really consider the potential consequences of what this might lead to. That was why Nalethe, unfortunately, was (had to be) here.Unceremoniously, he pulled the young noble away, not quite dumping him on the floor. His royal charge stared at the empty spot in front of him, cheeks red, chest heaving and blinking in confusion. Finally, he glanced sideways and up, and broke out into a brilliant smile as he spotted him. Nalethe cursed the day the infernal boy was born, the day he was born, and quickly saved Solarion from ending up face-first on the floor when he tried to get out of the chair."Nalethe!" He sounded so delighted, too, as he looped his hand around Nalethe's elbow, accompanied by a not-subtle-at-all groping of his biceps. His dark blue eyes were practically sparkling, and the smile remained. Drunk, His Imperial Highness Solarion Hlessar was decidedly more expressive than he was sober... and lacking most of his usual acumen and regular restraint. Not that the slump against Nalethe was in any way faked, he could tell, but the over-bright, slightly unfocused stare that kept going to his lips, and the way Solarion was leaning a little more than was entirely necessary to support himself exposed him."We're leaving, Your Highness," Nalethe said and turned them firmly towards the door, following the herd of dispersing, grumbling drunk youngsters. They took a different turn than the rest, however, a servant pointing them down one of the narrow, hidden corridors that went through the mansion. Nalethe was grateful for the assistance; it'd make it far easier to avoid any unsightly displays of the prince's state."I wasn't done," Solarion said, now pouting up at him while he slurred the words - and stumbling over the threshold into the corridor, obliging Nalethe to catch him again. With a tightly suppressed sigh, he turned them sideways and picked Solarion up in his arms. Not done? No, of course not. His royal pain of a charge was, unfortunately, usually very well-behaved, which meant that the times he chose to act out were both hard to predict and less instant impulses either of desire or rebellion, but rather well thought-out decisions. Even if, or maybe especially then, they were unwise, and went against very reasonable needs of keeping His Imperial Highness safe."I think you'll find, my prince, that you are quite done, and will have wished me to have found you earlier come morning." Nalethe spared a glance up at the ceiling, trying not to shudder at the feeling of hot, alcohol-laden breath washing over his cheek. He could swear he was getting tipsy just of the fumes in Solarion's breath. It was then Nalethe's turn to almost stumble when Solarion buried the delicate tip of his nose against the pulse beneath his jaw, his collar not high enough to protect him from such an assault. Gritting his teeth, he tightened his grip and lengthened his steps. "My prince---""Thank you, Captain," Solarion slurred, somehow still quite sweetly, into his ear, lips dragging over Nalethe's skin as he spoke, and Solarion was smiling again. Nalethe glanced sideways, and wished he hadn't. The blush remained like delicate roses on Solarion's cheeks, his skin faintly tanned this late in the year - even all the way down to the slash of bare chest where his jacket and shirt and been ungently pulled open, the narrow slice of slender chest seemingly all the more unseemly for such an innocent patch of bare skin. Nalethe looked away, teeth gritted. "You're really quite kind."Kind? It was his job, gods help him. Solarion shifted in his grip, half flailing as they stepped outside into the warm night air, and Nalethe cursed."Careful, my---" He silently thanked his good reflexes for snapping his mouth closed in time, though even so Solarion hadn't quite aimed right - the kiss was angled wrong, pressed mostly against the corner of his mouth. That still didn't save him from the feel of those small, soft lips pressing in and Nalethe froze, staring out over the flowering garden at the back of the mansion and the canal on the other end of it, the boat bobbing there.He was well-aware of Solarion's crush, of course. He was just as aware that Solarion knew it could not (should not) go anywhere, and Solarion was usually very good at being in control of himself. But he was thoroughly (stinking) drunk at the moment and had wriggled around enough to practically plaster as much of his slender body against his bodyguard and the captain of his guard as possible. Nalethe was quite unprepared - herding younger siblings drunk from similar situations didn't prepare you for sloppy, earnest kisses from your royal charge. He had, admittedly, ended up needing to rebuff the advances of younger guards of various stripe in the palace but even that paled in face of this.Because, even if it was in any way possible, in general, as a brief, ill-advised indulgence to head off anything further, with Solarion drunk it would not be happening either way. His prince tilted his head, a soft noise caught in the back of his throat, sloppily but determinedly seeking to turn the awkward kind-of-kiss into something more of a proper one, and Nalethe was spurred to movement."You are drunk," he said sternly as he pulled his head away, jostling Solarion roughly enough he moaned in probably nauseous protest and obediently slumped against Nalethe's broad shoulder again instead of being dangerously close to temptation, "this behaviour is unbecoming."His reply as he strode towards the small boat that'd take them partway back to the palace was soft, even breathing, and a nose nudging the join between shoulder and throat. At least this time it was nowhere near bare skin. Chancing a glance sideways as he carefully stepped into the boat and nodded to the woman with the oar, Nalethe was ridiculously relieved to find his charge asleep. The prince would regret tonight come morning... for several reasons.

Are you sure, Solarion had asked, and he'd said yes. (Like an idiot.) We can figure something out, Solarion had insisted on adding, and he'd reassured his ridiculously optimistic and earnest princeling that no, it really was all right.Maybe it even would have been, if he'd just stayed put. If he'd focused on the books stacked beside the chair, focused on Hobo in his lap (she'd buried her claws in his thigh when he'd first tried to get up; he should have listened), maybe he'd have been fine if he hadn't put the book he was currently reading down, not peeled Hobo from his lap, and then went outside. Just a look, he'd told himself, if only because he was vaguely curious, and seeing Solarion in the outfit he'd left his rooms in in the circumstances it was meant to be worn and seen in would be worth it, surely. Now, standing in the mostly-empty mezzanine gallery above the ballroom below, Rook was regretting every second and set of events back all the way to three weeks ago, when Solarion had first mentioned that there'd be a celebration for his sister's birthday.He could have decided back then that, hang everything else, they would figure it out, and said that he was going with him. But he hadn't, because it'd made sense, seemed smarter, and he didn't actually care to go, for him to stay back in Solarion's wing. They hadn't yet gotten so far with his introduction-reveal that the greater court knew that he wasn't a nearly-constantly heavily veiled moon elf, and Tllessareth's birthday celebration involved more people than was most usually present at the court. Solarion's family knew, the servants assigned to Solarion's wing knew... they were working up to finding a good moment to release it to the palace and court at large. Solarion insisted they keep as much control over it as possible, to keep Rook as safe as possible. It was cute, but Rook wasn't sure it'd necessarily help, in the end. He'd defer to Solarion either way, if only because it'd make Solarion feel better.What would make Rook feel better right now was if he could be down there, right beside Solarion. Not because he particularly wanted to deal with all these people, or cared about showing that he had what they didn't, but...It was just that he'd been standing here for a little over twenty minutes, they were in on a third dance since he'd slipped into the mezzanine, and Rook knew there'd been more before he came in here, and would be after he left, and Solarion was staying remarkably close to all the people he danced with. Technically, Rook had known exactly how close the pairs were during court dances; Solarion had been teaching him since before the announcement of Tllessareth's birthday celebration. Somehow, though, he hadn't actually connected that to being how everybody would be dancing. In his mind, apparently, it'd been because he and Solarion were dancing with each other.

And Rook didn't blame Solarion, who looked radiant in dark blue and white, with the pink slashes of accents in his ribbons, the lining of the jacket and the waistcoat brightening the ensemble up. He blamed every other man and woman who'd so far put so much as a finger on his prince, their hands seeming to lay too familiarly, too far up, close in, coming in too close every time the steps called for the partners drawing in towards each other, looks lingering too long.Of course he couldn't have kept Solarion to himself the whole evening even if he'd gone with him, but if he had, these people would have had a little less time and chance to be... so very close. Fingers itching for any one of the several daggers he was of course wearing, Rook frowned, staring down at the ballroom floor below. This dance would end soon... And while he could not let the invisibility drop, leaving without doing something would straight up kill him.That decided, Rook slunk soundlessly towards the broad stairs that lead down to the main floor, diving in past the dispersing crowd as those who'd partnered for the dance broke up like petals being pulled from flowers, to reform in new configurations. He ignored all that and aimed for the opposite end where Solarion pulled away from a kiss dropped onto the back of his (gloved) hand, bowing to the other man but definitely retreating faster than he probably should - at least Rook was imagining it that way. Maybe he just wished to find some sign of ambivalence, if not actual distress.He might still have tripped the light elf, though the noble caught himself before he fell on his face. A pity. Rook wasn't very dedicated to that cause, as it was more important to catch up with Solarion before he rejoined his family. One of the pillars that supported the mezzanine floor above offered Rook the opportunity he needed, catching Solarion by the arm to halt him, surging in to drop a brief kiss to Solarion's ear, tugging on the pink, drop-shaped piercing with his teeth.Dark blue eyes widened - even the curtain of hair falling over one side of Solarion's face couldn't hide that, and pink bloomed on his cheeks."Rook---" The hiss was so quiet, it could have been an exhale. Rook smirked and let go of Solarion's arm."Come back soon, little rabbit."What he wanted was to haul his princeling away, but he let go and stepped away, out of reach even if Solarion had known exactly where he was, and Solarion was obliged to continue walking not to draw attention to himself. It almost physically hurt to not stop him, and Rook didn't stay after that, because otherwise he might really have done something ill-advised.

Solarion had had trouble focusing the whole evening, and while he certainly enjoyed it as usual, it was also no less tiring. It always was, no matter how much he did enjoy almost all aspects of his life and function. It was confusing, sometimes, but he dealt with it. So many people, and, tonight, not a one of them were who he most wished to have beside him.That didn't mean Rook deciding to stop him by the pillar was any less shocking, or the kiss any less surprising or out of place! It was, admittedly, also pretty nice, though Rook could just have decided to attend instead of saying no and do this instead. Why did Rook need to chose the worst (or, maybe, just a little bit, the best) of times to decide to show affection, invisibly? It really didn't do much for Solarion's focus, though it did leave him smiling whenever he didn't watch himself.It was a relief when he could withdraw, the corridors between the ballroom to the carriage courtyard seeming endless, and it was even further to the private apartments, even if the carriage ride took no more time than it usually did. Nodding to the guards outside of his doors, Solarion took a moment to slump against the door after it'd been closed behind him, exhaling. It was very quiet in here, and the airy corridor, mostly in shadow by now, was cool in contrast to the ballroom. But, as good as alone was, alone wasn't actually what he wanted to be right now. Pushing away from the door, Solarion strode down the corridor, hesitating when he came up to Rook's room. Would he be in here by now? He'd been reading in the sitting room between the bedroom that was now Rook's and the one that was Solarion's, so he would probably be back there, still, or maybe...Solarion didn't even get a chance to step fully inside his bedroom before he was hauled inside, pressed up against the wall beside the door, and kissed until he was breathless and dizzy. Didn't stop him from laughing into Rook's mouth, and he wrapped both arms around Rook's strong, narrow shoulders and clutched him close."Finally," Rook muttered against Solarion's now kiss-soft and plush lips, "next time I'm coming with you."Solarion wasn't given a chance to reply, and he couldn't help but notice Rook was definitely clinging as much as, if not more, than he was. Rook's hands were alternately clutching Solarion close or roaming over his body, unable to decide between one or the other. When Rook finally pulled back from the second kiss, just to suck on the pulse point just barely accessible past the open collar and the layers of ruffles, Solarion squeezed Rook's shoulders."I want you close," he said, uncertain how to express what he wanted when nothing really had happened tonight, but the look on Rook's face said he agreed. Said he wanted that even more than Solarion did, perhaps, and for slightly different reasons. Solarion's heart skipped a beat at the sight of it."Good, because that's what I was thinking too. Let me undress you?"Blinking up at Rook, Solarion realized he must have missed something huge, for that wasn't a request Rook had ever voiced before. It was something Solarion very pointedly had never asked either; if they undressed, it was with each other's help, not... this. That only underscored the need of the request, then, so Solarion let Rook undress him with slow, ardent attention and care, and he was half-hard before he was even half-naked.They ended up on the bed in a manner Solarion would have associated more with cuddling than sex, but it proved to work just as well for the latter as it did for the former, with Rook plastered against his side and over his back, one leg between both of Solarion's, an arm tossed up over his shoulders so he could reach Solarion's hand."Go slow," he said, and that was exactly what Rook did, his face buried in the back of Solarion's neck, wrapped around him, in him, from top to toe.How long it took before they came, Solarion didn't know and didn't care, but he was hazy with orgasm as well as sleep by that point, and he didn't want Rook to move. Not even to clean them up. It seemed like a small, if eventually disgusting, price to pay, but he hesitated to actually voice what he wanted, for once. It seemed a bit too... weird? No, not that, but it didn't seem like something he should wish for. Rook moved before he could decide what to do, and Solarion knew he muttered some sort of protest.Then Rook was back, hovering in the same spot behind him, a hand ghosting up and down his spine."Solarion... can I--- back inside?"The near pleading tone, as much as Rook was trying to hide it, woke Solarion up, if not the whole way, but it was enough to make him twist to look over his shoulder. He was surprised Rook had solved his dilemma for him, and a little relieved, but he also didn't have the energy or attention for a second round. Still, he met Rook's bright blue eyes, dark and conflicted, then looked down. Rook was half-hard again, or still, and as much as the confirmation of what Rook wanted brought a little zing of desire, he was still tired."I'm not going to be very interesting, love," Solarion warned, even as he slumped back down, reaching back to squeeze Rook's hip. Maybe it didn't matter he wouldn't participate as much as usual, and maybe it'd soothe the wordless desire stuck in his throat. Soft, huffed laughter answered him at first, then Rook slid in closer, his hardening dick nudging in between Solarion's asscheeks, settling in the cleft."No, little rabbit. Not for another round. I'd just like... to stay, like that." Again, even when Rook had started out amused, there was something heatedly dark, almost pleading, when he'd finished, and Solarion's chest fluttered. He was tired enough he didn't even hesitate, especially since Rook had cleaned them both up. That was the answer, even if Solarion still wasn't sure it was the right one, but it seemed like a great idea, really. Like cuddling, just... closer."Okay," he said, and breathed out as he was breached again, Rook sliding in slowly, pushing him wider as much with his cock as the fact that he was still growing with the erection. When Rook had seated himself, huge and solid and warm inside, he didn't move, though. Just shuffled even closer than he could have been while moving earlier, buried his face back in Solarion's neck and wrapped his arms around his torso.It was... entirely unlike actual sex, despite that superficially, it was the same thing, with Rook heavy and hard inside of him. But he wasn't moving, seemed supremely uninterested in moving and thus dislodging himself, disturbing either of them. It was very warm, like this, and Solarion smiled into the darkened room, surprised and delighted both. Who cared about 'suitable' or not, if it'd feel like this. Found both of Rook's hands and laced their fingers together before he shifted against him, just a little, to feel him, as much the way Rook was draped over his back as he was inside."I want to try this again, some other time," he murmured, meaning with himself in Rook's position but that was too many words to utter right now and closed his eyes instead. Rook, of course, got what he meant anyway as his breath caught briefly before it washed in a warm cloud over Solarion's neck."Good. Sleep now, princeling."For once, one of Rook's rare commands were obeyed with all due speed and alacrity.

The aggravating thing about travel wasn't how long it took, having to navigate around people one might not like, or the rougher accommodations. No, it was standing in front of one of the Houses' proprietors and being met with a dubious purse of the woman's lips, a judging slide of a glance over his frame that thought it saw what there was to see and found his claim ridiculous.(The most aggravating thing was that such an attitude wasn't even unusual at home, but no one would actually dare reveal such lack of respect and belief.)Solarion straightened up and looked down his nose at the human woman, eyes narrowing. It didn't even matter that she was nearly a head taller than he was, he'd long since perfected that particular look. Not that it won him any favours by the way her lips thinned, but if need be he'd go elsewhere. Surely there was another place in this city that would win Nalethe's approval, and while he felt wound tight, felt like being thoroughly rude and slap this woman in the face with the weight of his presence, he didn't. He wasn't that far gone. He could even wait for Nalethe to find another place, if need be."I'll see if I can find someone who's available," she said with a sniff and turned on her heel, and Solarion allowed himself to shift back a little, the stiff weight of his spine softening up somewhat. His skin still felt too tight, like he was larger than he was tall. Carefully, Solarion closed his eyes, taking comfort in the smoothly accommodating weight of Nalethe at his left shoulder. He was like glass, and yet acquiescing from the subtle weight Solarion couldn't help but exert as close as they stood to each other. Even that wasn't helping any longer - in fact, there was a restless little part that was now riled enough it wanted to whip around and make Nalethe kneel. Properly, that was, not the superficial politeness that gesture usually was from Nalethe, the few times it happened.Exhaling, Solarion tightened the hand he had around his wrist until the urge eased back beneath the general irritation. Maybe everyone was correct in that he needed to at least find a reliable consort to accompany him, since he was sent out pretty often. He'd thought they were being too concerned, thinking he couldn't handle himself, thinking he didn't know his limits. It wasn't like his needs were particularly high maintenance. Travel made everything a lot more complicated though, and Solarion had to admit that, maybe, he'd misjudged the reason for the not-so-subtle pushing, and misjudged his own needs.The woman came back, holding out a golden key."Here you are, Sir. Second floor, fourth door to the right."Leaving Nalethe in the lobby, Solarion strode up the stairs, driven forward by purpose as much as the atmosphere in the airy building, quiet promise that was more weighted behind each door he passed. Unlocking the right door, Solarion blinked as he closed it, startled by the heavy, drawn curtains that turned the large room into warm dimness, the sunlight outside smothered and the light inside provided only by scattered lamps. The effect was surprisingly intimate, even in the middle of the day."This is what I have to deal with on the one day I'm here? Does she really think I can switch at the drop of a hat when I come here, or what..." The accented, condescending scoff turned into an almost sullen mutter towards the end, and Solarion, unable to place the accented Common, turned towards it with barely constrained fury. He was brought up short as soon as he spotted the submissive. Staring, eyes wide and Offended as well as flabbergasted, Solarion completely forgot to be annoyed (for now) that his status had once again been disbelieved. A drow. A drow. It would almost be funny, that she'd had the most perfect way to get back at him for his subtle jab in return for her disbelief of his being a dominant.Only almost. Mostly Solarion stared across the room at the dark elf, who was wearing only a fetching array of white leather straps and some gauzy violet silks, and felt very disgruntled. He also was so antsy by now the only word that came to him to describe the tension was antsy, and he drew himself up as far as he could (which, admittedly, wasn't far, and he noted distractedly he was of an equal height to the drow who was barefoot), ready to storm out. He wouldn't take this insult!Prickling weight at the back of his neck made Solarion pause despite himself, frowning. Unsettled tension called to like, and Solarion could see the dark elf wasn't truly relaxed, and in such a way that had nothing to do with being faced with a light elf. Actually starting to pay attention, he could feel the unsteady presence in the other, restless and wound tight, which, considering the work he was undoubtedly doing to keep himself as unobtrusive as possible, was pretty impressive. He also... actually... wasn't ugly.At all.Of course he wasn't ugly; he was an elf, but... Solarion would have thought so many additional factors might have weighed enough he wouldn't consider a dark elf attractive in the least. But this one undoubtedly was, and not just because his submissive aspect was strong enough despite attempts at shielding it to call to Solarion's unsettled dominance."We shall both have to deal," he said tightly, back straight and cocking his head, sweeping another look up the drow's body and meeting shockingly blue eyes that, briefly, widened in surprise. Then they narrowed, turning both more wary as well as calculating. And, maybe, a little interested. It was surprisingly pleasing, to note the last."I wasn't kidding, you know. I chose this House today for a reason; I can't switch like that at the drop of a hat, even if you're a fluffy-headed light elf princeling---""Kneel," Solarion hissed, offended fury lacing together with the weight of his presence. Instantly, as the drow sucked in a choked breath and thumped - gracefully, still, of course - to his knees, Solarion also felt ashamed for his crude behaviour. Just because he was feeling so tightly wound wasn't any excuse to behave like some uncivilized barbarian, forcing his dynamic and will on the drow. Closing his eyes, Solarion exhaled, but he couldn't quite pull his presence back enough to not press with gentle insistence against the drow who... wasn't fighting it? "I apologize for my behaviour. I'd go down and ask for another placement, but this was an emergency."Opening his eyes once more, Solarion met blue eyes again - now neither narrowed nor wide, the drow looked more thoughtful more than anything else as he looked up at Solarion from an angle, head tilted to mostly remain aimed down at the floor. It stretched his neck, and let a couple strands of stark white hair tease the smooth, inky grey length of it, blending against the narrow collar."I suppose I misjudged, little prince," the drow said, making the last two words into something other than the insult the princeling had been. Instead, it became a strangely suitable replacement for any other possible title of respect - and it was a little amusing, that the drow had landed on something that actually applied to Solarion."You did," he said haughtily, but the edge of it was softened by his amusement, and Solarion relaxed, both intentionally and completely reflexively, when he saw the drow shift more properly into place, narrow shoulders sloping downwards as he placed his hands on his thighs. It drew Solarion's gaze down, down, and his first brief observation had been correct; the drow was very well-endowed. More than just his settling need sat up and took notice, then. Maybe it wouldn't be so bad, to find out if this could work, even if it was with a dark elf. "So I think you should apologize."Relaxing as he strode deeper into the room, Solarion stopped in front of the kneeling drow and took a moment to breathe. Strangely, despite the offensive start, he... already felt better."And my proper title is 'Your Highness'. You're to use it at all times this afternoon, or I am going to punish you." He cocked his head, meeting blue eyes that were soft, now, though the teasing edge of a smirk hovered in the corner of those very generous lips."Yes, Your Highness."Biting his lip at the roll of the accent over his title, even if it was spoken in Common, Solarion found himself smiling. Just a little one, which provoked an answering twitch of the drow's lips before he wiped the expression out. Well, he wasn't going to call the drow nothing more than that through this, even if most would probably have been satisfied with that. Drow or not, it didn't sit well with Solarion to disrespect his submissive that way, even if this was a very temporary 'his'."Your name will do for an apology. This time," he said, enjoying the weight he put into those words, enjoying the answering little shudder from the drow, the way the tilt of his head deepened a shade further."... Rook, Your Highness."Arching an eyebrow in surprise, Solarion was curious as to why it was a name in Common, but decided that that couldn't be any of his business. Not as a temporary dominant during a tryst in a House. No, he'd accept it as given and move on. Now that he was relaxing, there was any number of things he wanted to touch upon (completely aside from that amazing dick and those lips, there were also piercings in Rook's nipples), but what Solarion did first was step even closer, reaching out to run his fingers through the partially loose hair. First once, but when he got a slight shudder from Rook and the drow tilting towards him a shade, Solarion repeated it, combing his fingers through the silky hair. Tension ran out of him with every slide of his hand, and, in matching response, the previously stiff line of Rook's shoulder slowly softened, the feeling of his dynamic growing as he let go, let it fit in under Solarion's dominant presence until Rook was answering to every slight little press of fingertips to his scalp.This was exactly what Solarion needed, even if it wasn't all he would do with the time he had.

Relaxed and warm in a way that made it feel like he was floating, a little, Solarion couldn't really be bothered by the fact that he was lightheaded, and that his limbs felt too heavy to move himself, and that he couldn't really see anything but warmly blurred shapes. He was good right where he was, even when focusing more than a finger's breadth away from his body with his attention, never mind his eyes, was utterly impossible - in return, though, he had never been this aware of his body. Not in an unsettling way, not in any way that made it uncomfortable or painful; no, rather, it was amazing. Fantastic, even, as the slide of fabric against his skin was like a constant caress, teasing all over his body; there was a knee pressed against his crotch, shifting just enough it turned the solid pressure into a massage to arch up against and there was large (that wasn't quite right), warm hands on his shoulders, turning the caress of the fabric into a wash of sparkling sensation as they squeezed, pressing him down against the thickly stuffed bench he lay on.Hot, alcohol-spiky breath washed over his face, and Solarion shivered a little at the tickle of it. The mouth that followed would probably have been cleverly skilled even if he didn't feel like this, but right now it stole his breath with only a bare brush of them, and the tongue turned the inside of his mouth into heady fireworks.There was something not quite right with that, too, though. Too dry, too... narrow?Pulling away was less a question of a decisive jerk of his head and more a restless heave of his whole body, just enough to dislodge the mouth against his as his head lolled to the side. His lips felt cold, now, and he rather wanted all that sensation back, so when fingers stroked his chin and set his nerves on fire in a tingle he felt all the way down to his toes, Solarion followed the push of them, tilting his head up again into the kiss that followed. But he couldn't quite dismiss the feeling that something wasn't quite right, and the chuckle, though it felt like the richest champagne in his mouth, only emphasized that. It was smugly pleased, to be sure, but entirely wrong in pitch and roll, even with how hard it was to focus on anything but touch, how he felt.Someone said something, hissing urgently in a way that hurt Solarion's ears, right now, and he squirmed in discomfort. The touches left. First the lips, and Solarion gasped in bereft disappointment, the pout briefly distracting him with the teasing pull of his own muscles. Then the hands were gone, leaving cold, nearly aching spots of nothing but the caress of fabric, which wasn't enough. Then the knee went, too, and a flurry of thundering footsteps rang up in the air around him, filling his whole body up, unpleasant in comparison to the warmth before and Solarion couldn't help but moan in disappointment, staring up at a ceiling that swam like an ivory sea. It was pretty, but too far away to touch, and it didn't help his lightheaded dizziness at all. Shifting against the soft bench, Solarion closed his eyes - snapped them open when a shadow fell over him, surprised and delighted that even just that seemed to make his nerves tingle.

He recognized those eyes. They were the only thing he could really easily focus on, and Solarion smiled - at least he thought so, but it just seemed to make Nalethe even more furious, whatever he was angry about. He shouldn't be so tense, all the time...Being picked up was good, though, and Solarion let his head loll against Nalethe's shoulder. Rubbed his cheek against the fabric, but where the stiff heaviness of it, emphasized by the scratchy embroidery, had been interesting at first, it quickly became uncomfortable. Instead, Solarion shifted against Nalethe in a way that felt good with the friction between the fabric against his body and the furnace-like solidness of Nalethe's body, moaning quietly, which made the muscles against him twitch interestingly. Nalethe was good, even if there was something else he was missing... In lieu of that, though, Nalethe could do whatever he wanted, and Solarion tried to make that clear by pressing closer, as much as he was able, squirming against him, since his mouth was uncooperative for anything more complicated than wordless noises, it felt like.Normally, that would probably have frustrated or worried him. At the moment, the way those noises felt in his mouth, rolled off his tongue? Only made Solarion feel better, and he was all too happy to revel in it."Stay still," Nalethe hissed, sounding strangely strangled, and Solarion subsided less because he wanted to, for that didn't give him as much nice sensation as moving did, if just to feel his clothes shift and rub against him, but, he didn't want Nalethe to be angry. If staying still was the only way he could do that at the moment, he would. Still, Solarion couldn't help the pout, and then paused right there, for the way his lips slid against each other when he did that felt good, too..."What happened?" New voice, hovering somewhere between high, tight distress and murderously furious. Familiar, too, in the way it sounded, tickling Solarion's ear, the inside of his head and made his scalp tingle in a way that made him shiver. Solarion blinked slowly and managed to turn his head - more like a loll, really, but it succeeded it getting Rook into view, and he smiled, managing to move a hand to reach for Rook. The hand that clutched his made him flinch, for the first time, for it locked around his so tightly his skin ached from it. A groan of protest escaped him and he pouted again, for that felt both good and... yes, did give him what he wanted, as Rook's grip eased up just enough to turn it from painful to nice, enveloping warmth. "What is wrong with him?"

Day 24 - reluctant sexThe problem with actually being able to participate in the events at the palace with no preparations other than getting dressed nicely enough he passed muster (and Solarion's approval), was that people actually wanted to talk to him. Whether the interest was genuine or not (sometimes it was), it did mean Rook wasn't spending every moment of those celebrations watching or being at Solarion's side.Of course that meant Solarion disappeared. Of course that meant that when Nalethe came back carrying his princeling, he was flushed, loose-limbed and wide-eyed in a way that tightened Rook's stomach in a good way - fighting against the furious terror since he knew very well this wasn't what Solarion looked like normally, or acted like, for that matter. The way he was splayed in Nalethe's arms would look more at home on a well-trained courtesan trying to get off on merely rubbing against the man carrying him rather than Solarion's restrained comportment, and Rook felt himself flush despite everything."Drugged," Nalethe said, voice clipped, "it's not an aphrodisiac, but it makes him pliable, almost insensate and very sensitive. Can you carry him?"He shook his head, even as he took a step closer, tugged Solarion's hand closer to his chest. "I want to---""I will find them. You are going to take care of him," Nalethe snarled, his smoothly bronze skin darkening over his cheeks. He looked more constipated than like he was blushing, but it was clear that was what he was doing. "Exercise will clear it the quickest, but he is in no state to try and do most regular physical exertion on his own at the moment."The constipated look deepened, and Rook got what Nalethe meant, but that didn't soothe him. It only made him more furious, drove the need to find whoever did this and deal with them. That he'd do it in a way that would probably not be approved of was of little matter, but Rook didn't get a chance to dart around Nalethe. He had to quickly draw on his magic to boost his strength as a warmly loose, pliant, Solarion was practically shoved into his arms and instantly plastered himself against him, face in his neck and shifting... just enough. Rook shivered, and panic-edged arousal fought with his protective fury.

He needed to know. Nalethe looked over his shoulder, lips so thin they seemed to have disappeared."I assume they thought showing His Highness what sex was with one of his own might convince him to give up on you, but they're well-aware he wouldn't have gone along with it if in possession of his full faculties. Now deal with it."Nalethe turned on his heels and stormed off, leaving Rook with no way to deal with the upsurge of emotion other than clutching Solarion closer - which only caused him to gasp and wriggle against him, his soft lips moving lazily against Rook's neck, and Rook would have to be more sturdily made than he was to resist that.Still, as he staggered out to where the carriages were, the whole ride an awkward proposition in enduring Solarion pressed up against him like a soft-eyed, heated leech where the lightest brush against anywhere on his body seemed to make him gasp and press closer, draping over him and looking up at Rook in ways not even Rook's deepest, dirtiest fantasies could have conjured. It was deeply discomfiting, and it didn't get any better as they got out of the carriage and he then had to struggle to get them back to Solarion's wing and his way-too-large bed. In fact, the closer they came to Solarion's rooms, the more uncomfortable Rook became.Maybe it was necessary. Maybe it was the easiest way, but as he stared down at Solarion where the prince was splayed out on his bed, shifting against the sheets in a loose-limbed, unselfconscious way that was downright obscene somehow, it didn't seem right. He couldn't consent like this, could he? Was he even aware it was Rook that was in the room with him? It wasn't right, like this, and the unwilling arousal Solarion had managed (so easily, of course) to stir with his limpid looks and the way he'd clung, started to wilt despite the view currently offered.

Startled, Rook focused back on Solarion, actually looking instead of seeing nothing but needy, insensate pleasure-seeking. Solarion's gaze was really no more focused than before, the sparkling twilight blue of his eyes mere shadowy rings around the black of his pupils, and he also wasn't precisely focused on Rook's face... but there was an uncertain question in the tension around Solarion's rosebud mouth, the corners of his eyes."I'm here," he said, and watched as Solarion relaxed, slumping against the bed, tilting his head up, pouting again. Okay, so he knew it was Rook - wanted it to be him here, but that still didn't mean it was right... or that he should... do anything. No matter how alluring Solarion was like this. "What... do you need?"Why was he asking? Solarion could surely not answer him in any way that actually counted to make this right. It didn't matter that having sex with him, probably several times, was the quickest way to burn the drug out of his body. He should just keep watch until most of it left Solarion's body on its own, with simple passing time. That would be the right thing to do, wouldn't it? Solarion was still staring, unfocused and breathless and heated, up at him. Or not at him, but certainly in the direction he was clearly assured Rook was in, and his bottom lip slowly disappeared into his mouth as pearly teeth bit down - causing him to flinch and gasp at once, the flush on his cheeks creeping down towards his throat. Rook's dick, the traitor that it was, twitched."C'mere." It was barely one word, let alone the two it should be, and Solarion beckoning him over was more an arching writhe than it was a raised hand to urge him on, but it was something. With Rook quite unable to deny his princeling anything at all, he answered that call. Crawled up on the bed and over Solarion, hovering above him in an attempt at minimizing any sensation, but even just the bare brushes of touch that he couldn't avoid, as well as the very fact that he was just there seemed to still draw sensation for Solarion, who arched up, not quite moaning.It was fucking maddening, and more than a little unsettling, for this was so starkly different from how Solarion usually was, even when he was caught in the grip of arousal and actually surrendered to the pleasure. Once again, the fact that Solarion couldn't meaningfully tell him anything at all at the moment was like a punch to the gut, and Rook almost rolled off of him.Almost, except for the hand laid against his chest, and when he looked down, this close Solarion seemed to actually be looking at him. Which did absolutely nothing for the dark-eyed wantonness of his expression, but he was at the very least looking at Rook instead of in his general direction."You," he said, much more clearly than he'd even said Rook's name, and then promptly pouted again, head tipping back, offering up his cute little mouth and shiny-soft lips and Rook still wasn't sure this was the best way to go about it, but... but he also wanted Solarion back to normal as quickly as possible. He leaned down, took that begging mouth into a kiss, and swallowed the moan that followed.As he let himself lay down on top of Solarion, his shapely legs fell open for him and Solarion arched up, immediately shuddering at the weight, the their bodies pressed together, and the smile Rook got was enthralled delight.It was very hard to undress both Solarion and himself, when Solarion did absolutely nothing to help and everything to touch in what little way he could when he wasn't particularly coordinated. Conversely, the fact that he wasn't made sure Solarion's attempts at dry humping on Rook, or plastering himself against him in a full-body caress, or... the many other things he tried, not very effective and let Rook finish his task. He wasn't sure what he thought of the fact that Solarion was doing all that as much for himself as for Rook, for he fell into instant, nearly heart-rending distress at any displeasure or tension Rook showed. It did help, in some small way, to encourage Rook, even if he didn't feel less conflicted."Are you trying to kill me?" Murmuring the question against Solarion's throat earned him the most sinful noise he'd ever heard from his princeling, and it was a wonder he didn't come on the spot. Groaning against the delicate arch and drawing an answering shudder from Solarion as well as hands restlessly kneading his sides, Rook decided that, as much as some part of him wanted to draw it out, to make it feel more normal, it was probably best to just get on with it.Still, he wouldn't help but to kiss down Solarion's chest, and he couldn't be sure if it was for an earnest wish of normalcy, to do what he should and give Solarion more to react to, some tiny bits more to burn the drug away, or some terrible part that was, shamefully, riveted by the sight of Solarion twisting in gasping need against his mouth. The barest brush of his lips made Solarion's stomach twitch and tighten and he threw - well, more like lolled, but the thought was there - his head back with unthinking grace.It made it starkly clear how tightly controlled Solarion normally was, even in the throes of passion, and that was as charming to Rook as he couldn't help but wonder if it was at all possible to get even a sliver of this normally. Not that he somehow thought Solarion wasn't enjoying himself when they had sex (it would frankly be ridiculous if he thought Solarion's drugged reactions were more honest than Solarion was with him otherwise), but well... Was it so wrong to wish him to relax this much?Rook didn't know. Wasn't sure he could justify it if asked to, and so moved on instead, just like he kissed down Solarion's body. Couldn't resist licking up his leaking, rock hard erection - that got him a little spurt of precome, a stiff-backed shudder, toes curling and noiseless, Solarion digging half-moons into his shoulders. He almost stayed, right there, because it was always hard to say no to putting his mouth on Solarion, but Rook wasn't sure that would be enough exertion.So he brushed Solarion's arms away, and they fell open onto the bed with a sort of eager, relaxed indulgence that Rook couldn't see had anything to do with the drug - at least not any more than indulging in the sensation of it. It was just... a quickness of reaction that seemed to have more with indulging Rook in anything he currently wished, than Solarion's pleasure-seeking thanks to how sensitive he currently was. Meeting that hazy, dark-eyed expression, Rook having to suppress another groan at it, he hoped he wasn't imagining things and that the expression did confirm it. He couldn't know, since Solarion's most complicated sentence so far had been repeating his name and slurring an almost-comprehensible 'please'. It was shamefully hot.Stroking his hands down Solarion's thighs, drawing shuddering little twisting arching from him with every caressing stroke, enough so that he repeated it a couple times, for Solarion's expression went softly distracted, the play of muscles under his fine, soft skin seemed more pronounced than usual, and the delicate length of his arching erection, pink nearly all the way to its base was bobbing in a way that, no matter how impossible that was, seemed more unrestrained than usual.Still, Rook knew he was stalling, and finally hooked Solarion's legs around his hips, getting closer to actually giving in to what he'd been asked (ordered) to do. They'd start here, as he didn't think Solarion would be able to ride him, just yet, and Solarion fucking him was out of question considering he seemed to have all the strength in his spine of a well-fucked whore (forgive his thoughts).Taking a breath, he looked down at Solarion. At the gleaming length of his slender body, pink all the way to the chest now, his nipples stiff little peaks begging for attention, a slight arch to his back even now, hitching his hips closer to Rook's admittedly straining erection. Up to Solarion mouth, soft around a moan he wasn't quite giving voice to - a mouth that slowly, kind of, firmed into a pout the longer Rook didn't move, and when he finally looked up to Solarion's eyes, he felt rather punched with the wanton, needy demand in them.It was strangely reassuring.

"Rook." Crystal clear for the first time since Solarion had disappeared on him earlier this evening, breathless like he'd run a marathon, breathy like he'd been fucked for a week, and there was no mistaking the brattiness in the tone used. That was even more than reassuring, and Rook, finally, felt something in his chest ease, just enough for a smirk, if more of a shadow of one than usual."I see you think you're ready, at least," he teased and, because otherwise he might draw this out even longer, thrust in, not allowing himself to take it slow.Maybe he should have.Maybe some tiny part of him was curious and ruthless enough to see what would happen, to give Solarion exactly what he was asking for, even if he probably didn't know (or maybe he did, right now - Rook wasn't sure).Solarion practically seized around him, noiseless again, clamping down like he'd been electrocuted. His eyes rolled back up in his head and he came, from merely that (and maybe because Rook ground in against him a little, not quite daring to pull out just yet with how tight Solarion was around him), clawing at the sheets until he slumped back, still-hazy eyes staring up at Rook with an additional glaze to them now. Still, as Rook considered pulling out, for surely the extra sensitivity meant he'd need to rest a little, despite that Nalethe had said the drug wasn't an aphrodisiac, Solarion then deliberately squeezed him, and squeezed Rook's breath out along with it.

It wasn't so much a question of making love - he wouldn't sully that word, as little as he used it even these days, with this - as it was fucking into Solarion; slow, hard, barely moving, fast enough he was rocking Solarion forward with every jerking thrust, encouraged by every little twitch and arch and gasping, obscene twist of Solarion's body. Everything seemed better than the last, and Rook lost count of how many times Solarion came, never mind himself.Finally, he had to give up, as he collapsed next to the light elf, who was, at least, a little less unconcernedly loose-limbed now, and all Rook wanted was to sleep. But the bed was kind of... filthy, honestly, so he pulled up on the dregs of his strength and magic, pulled himself from the bed and pulled Solarion into his arms one more time this night.There was no instant, leech-like winding, and Rook might as well have been punched by the relief that followed. Solarion's arms around him were light, but locked around his neck on their own accord, and the press of his cheek against Rook's bare shoulder was relaxed and not accompanied by the wanton little squirms of before."Feeling better, little rabbit?" Rook could admit he was practically holding his breath in anticipation of an answer more coherent than he'd gotten so far. At first all he got was a muffled, clearly exhausted groan as he crossed the sitting room that separated his and Solarion's bedrooms (as little as he used his own), dodged Hobo on the way to his bed, neatly made, the covers turned aside as they always were come evening, regardless of if he slept in it or not. Then, as he laid Solarion down, he caught the tint of Solarion's sweaty face.He was blushing. Not that he hadn't been throughout this, but..."Sun preserve me," Solarion mumbled, choked not with insensate pleasure but all too plain mortification, even as he was still clearly loose-limbed in well-fucked exhaustion and sleepy, and Rook, too tired and relieved to regulate himself, burst out laughing as he followed Solarion onto the bed. The attempted whack of a pillow in his face was too sloppy to even muffle him, really, and Solarion turned readily towards him despite his embarrassed offense, hiding his face in the crook of Rook's neck as soon as he was able to."Glad you're with me again."He would not admit to the way he hugged Solarion close, which now drew no noise of complaint or any filthy noise of breathless pleasure. Solarion sucked his breath in, pressing his face closer to Rook's shoulder, but also tightened his own arms around him.

He did not imagine the embarrassed edge to Solarion's voice, but since none of this had been Solarion's fault, and this hadn't been something they'd decided to do, and they were tired and, now that it was over, Rook was pretty sure Solarion wasn't just mortified but also unsettled, he refrained from teasing. All he did was tuck him close and buried his nose in the fluff of Solarion's hair, and breathed out in relief, mirrored by an exhale from Solarion as his rabbit relaxed into his arms in an entirely normal way.

As always when they let down their guards, relax, stop thinking so much, which admittedly is the easiest during sex, sensations start to blend. Solarion finds it as dizzying and interesting as confusing. It always is, but this time, too, it helps assure him this was the correct decision (entirely beyond his slightly reluctant and flustered arousal over how hot this actually is). There is Rook, the awareness of him, constant and wrapped around him. More than that, there's the bleed over of physical sensation; the weird awareness of salty precome like an echo on his tongue, lips stretched wide and a dick scraping the back of his throat, despite that there's nothing in his mouth; the feeling of being stretched, full down below, which makes Solarion clench on absolutely nothing, and shudder.More than any of those simple things, there's the ghostly warmth of Rook's emotions; arousal, of course, pleasure, definitely, but far more important, underneath those, is a stunned sort of happiness.Solarion lets himself pull that close as he swallows, easing up his grip on Rook's slim hips, and opens his eyes again, sinking back into the hot clutch around his cock, the sight of Rook stretched out on his knees in front of him, and Rook's face buried in Nadal's crotch, hands on his thighs. He can't see it from here, but he knows Rook has swallowed Nadal to the root, would know even without the bleed over of emotions and physical sensations across their bond, by the way Nadal has his hand buried in Rook's hair, his head tipped back, eyes closed.He knows that feels good, but he can't deny this feels good too--- Startled at the sudden flex around him, tightening like a vice, Solarion gasps, his grip on Rook's hips tightening again, and blinks the white stars of sensation out of his vision to focus on what he's looking at again. Nadal is watching him, head cocked, and Rook has reached a hand back to grip his wrist, somehow keeping his balance despite the precarious position. Solarion flushes, ducks his head and shifts enough to slide out and then jerk his hips forward, forcing Rook more firmly onto Nadal's cock and wringing a muffled groan from him.He might feel a little uncertain (insecure, possessive), still, but that doesn't make this any less hot, and he certainly isn't about to leave. Locking eyes with Nadal, he arches an eyebrow and they both pull back at the same time, and thrust in.Through the bond, all he feels from Rook is hot pleasure and a fuzzy sensation of being full.

It takes a moment of inattention, of being too certain they'd made sure this room was safe, for things to go potentially terribly. Solarion shifts sideways where he's leaning against the wall, to catch the light better against the pages of the book he's reading, and the wall gives. He doesn't even have a chance to yelp; a startled gasp as he flails, twists around, stretches while catching his balance and trying to get away from the space where the wall should be, where the wall still is some part of his mind is aware.He doesn't quite manage.He manages enough, though. He's now stuck leaned awkwardly forward, one arm entirely caught in the wall, the other bent at such an angle that he can flex and move his fingers and wriggle his wrist, but that's all. He is, thankfully, just leaned forward far enough that his head, throat, and upper chest is out of the solid confines of the wall, now that it has resolidified. Solarion can, just barely, breathe, as long as he does it slowly and carefully and high in his chest, and doesn't panic. His legs are both partially trapped as well, one in such a way he can't move it even if part of the heel, calf and thigh is outside of enclosing stone. The other, he could twitch his lower leg in something of a kick, but that's all."Solarion?!" Rook, thankfully, hisses as he comes around the doorway, hurrying over, and does a weird sort of hug-clutch around his head, before he kisses his forehead."Just... find the activation for the spell again," Solarion says, embarrassed, his heart still thundering on the edge of panic and the fearful awareness that he could have been trapped inside the wall, and then he would have suffocated, if not been crushed. But he's not trapped, and he's breathing, even if he can't move. "I'll be fine."He smiles up at Rook, who still looks a little wide-eyed and ashen against his usually rich, purple-tinted inky gray skin, until Rook nods, and, with a last, brief kiss to Solarion's lips, even if it means he has to lean over awkwardly, goes back inside the room. Solarion can mostly tell where Rook is by the draft his moving creates, and the occasional brush of fabric against fabric. It makes his skin prickle, but only in his lower half; it's like there's a small part of upper half of him, then nothing, and then the exposed bits of his lower half. Solarion isn't sure whether he should be glad or not that he isn't actually getting any sensation, even pressure, from where stone is trapping him..."Rook!" Remembering to keep his yelp quiet, because he really doesn't need Nalethe and the rest of the guard thundering over from the couple rooms over they're still inside. Not after barely managing to convince them he (and Rook) would be fine since they wouldn't be very far away and they'd made an initial safety check of these rooms. There's a touch where there shouldn't be one in this serious situation, and Solarion doesn't so much as wriggle as he cringes. His awkward kick hits nothing but air, and Rook pats his ass again.Because that, too, is out in the air, entirely free from stone. He does not imagine the chuckle he can hear, even quiet as it is."Just trying to find how you activated the spell," he says, innocent and probably smirking (half to cover his alarm, Solarion knows, but still), and then there's two hands on his ass, spread out to cover both full cheeks and giving a generous squeeze. This time when Solarion's skin prickles, it's from a blush that heats up his face all the way out to his ears, which twitch."Well, you need to look closer to the wall," Solarion hisses, fighting to sound unaffected, manages a sniff, "my backside has nothing to do with this!""Are you sure?" Rook sounds a little more relaxed, now, while he busies himself with rubbing Solarion's ass, thumbs stroking along the cleft, and Solarion has to struggle to keep his breathing even, flexing his free hand. "Maybe there's a reason you ended up with it sticking out like this."Another squeeze, then Rook takes at least one hand away, but the other remains, spread out and heavy on him, as if Rook's using it as a support while he hopefully is patting around on the wall. It's not like Solarion can see."Rook---!" he hisses as Rook shifts that hand to squeeze the bottom curve of his left buttcheek, and then the wall isn't there again and Rook yelps - quietly - while Solarion grunts as much from hitting the floor on the other side of the wall as he is from Rook landing on top of him. Four doors down, Nalethe sticks his head out, golden eyes nearly glowing in the gloom, though by the way they're narrowed they're like slivers of amber more than two lit candles."What are you two doing? This isn't a time for horseplay." Suspicion coats Nalethe's voice, and Solarion smiles faintly up at him as Rook rolls off him and helps him to his feet."Of course not, Captain," he says with perfect innocence and a gravely collected dip of his head, and Nalethe scowls, his gaze sweeping across him, and then, just slightly reluctantly, over Rook as well, before he disappears back inside. Solarion instantly slumps against Rook, muffling faint, slightly hysterical giggles against his shoulder, and Rook clutches him tighter than he probably meant."Your ass really did look better than usual, framed like that," Rook whispers in his ear, and Solarion snorts, loud and undignified; Rook's little smile that he can feel against his ear before he pulls away and leads him back into the room is a good price to pay for this unsettling little episode.

Rook's lips are soft and insistent against Solarion's, hot and distracting, but he cannot focus on the kiss. Can't focus on the mostly bare expanse of slender chest in front of him either, accentuated by white leather straps crossing over and under the pectorals, drawing attention to the blood red drops hanging from Rook's nipples.There's too many people in this room, a sea of eager, condescending red eyes prickling the back of his head, his back, behind. He's not good enough at Drow yet to understand the chuckled whispers, a low susurration in the middle of rustling fabric, the occasional moans and gasps piercing the air still. Not everybody has stopped to observe the current main 'feature' and instead choosing to continuing their own entertainment. There's also no way to get away from any of this, even if the audience wasn't in the way of any possible exit; they're up on a raised platform in the middle of the room, padded by cushions, some furs he doesn't want to think about their origin of, and sinfully sleek spider silk blankets."Solarion," Rook practically exhales his name against his lips, so quietly even Solarion has to strain to pick it up, "keep your attention on me."It's practically a plea, and Solarion knows it's as much for his sake as for them actually doing what's being demanded of them, because he picked up that much, at least, when Elerra shoved them up here. But with his hands clutched to Rook's thighs and not having moved since they landed there when Rook leaned in to kiss him, and his gaze repeatedly turning off to glance around them no matter how little he actually wants to do that, as well as the stiff lean away from Rook no matter how much he actually would like to enjoy those kisses, he's hardly... participating.Though, considering the rumble of jeering amusement he can pick up even if he can't understand all that's being said, maybe his obvious reluctance isn't actually that much of a strike against them. At least not to everyone here, for now. How much patience they'll have for the way he's acting, Solarion doesn't know."I'm trying," he whispers back, but trying seems to be less and less of a possibility the longer this goes on. Rook kisses his ear, nibbling on the tip, and he shivers, his half-hard cock twitching and then immediately subsiding again when Solarion glances around again, the shudder following having nothing to do with pleasure.One of the women in the audience throws something out loudly enough even Solarion's halting Drow can pick out she just suggested Rook just push him down and fuck him to show him his place!Well, he likes it perfectly well the times Rook does that, but the idea of anyone watching turns his stomach, and he flinches from Rook's hands on his hips. They pause, tighten into a squeeze."Do you trust me?" Another barely exhaled sentence, and Solarion would have thought he misheard if Rook hadn't breathed it right into his ear."What? Of course I do," Solarion hisses back, can't help but be a little offended. No matter what Rook might be thinking right now, or in general, the only person he literally trusts here is Rook.Despite that declaration, Solarion almost jerks back sharply enough to unbalance him backwards when his vision is cut off by the blindfold Rook got from... somewhere? Are there tools around this platform he just hasn't noticed? It's made of leather, and soft enough it feels more like a caress where it's pressing against his face rather than a restriction, broad enough it covers his whole forehead and down over his cheekbones, covering the base of his ears as well before the straps start. It doesn't really muffle the mumble of amused laughter that spills up, but now, even as he tries to look around, there's nothing but complete and solid darkness.Rook's hands cradling his face makes Solarion jump, less because of reluctance and more from surprise, now, and the kiss feels strangely acute; he can feel Rook's tongue even before it's done more than brush past his lips and every nerve in his mouth lights up, commanding complete attention. When Rook finally pulls back, Solarion is breathless, hot, and surprised to realize even the noises around him has retreated, despite that with a lack of sight, shouldn't his hearing be compensating as well? What seems to have happened is he's prioritizing touch, instead."Let me take care of you." Rook's asking for permission is also practically begging for Solarion to allow him, and Solarion can hear the guilt underneath and he hates it. He likes it when Rook does what his proclamation suggests he wants to do now, but the guilt? That's new. Rook shouldn't feel guilty. It's not his fault Solarion went after him (even if, technically, it's his fault he had to, but that's neither here nor there), he has nothing to feel guilty for. That's not something he can try to convince him of, again, though. Not now. Probably not until they can get out of here, honestly.Swallowing heavily, Solarion's attention is almost snatched by a jeer, but Rook's hands are wandering his body in a way that might seem harsh, but the possessive firmness is as much a relief for the way it draws on Solarion's attention, as well as fans the hesitant arousal that had been unable to actually take root until now. Reflexively, he tries to look around, but the blindfold is heavy and tight against his eyes, enough so he can feel the way they move under the leather, and Rook's hand is back on his chin, holding his head still even if he hadn't actually (yet) been looking away.

Still, despite that whispered acquiescing, Solarion almost jumps - right into the kiss - when Rook cradles his face again, more firmly than any of the touches so far, and the kiss that follows almost has him moaning into Rook's mouth. It certainly leaves him panting, staring into nothing, and this time when Rook tries to push him back, down, Solarion goes. He can feel the metal of the catch that's holding the blindfold closed press against the back of his head, now, with his head pressed against a cushion. It's weirdly reassuring, but the thought is fleeting as Rook descends - startling him again, his pulse jumping under Rook's lips - to slowly and lovingly work a bruise against his arched throat.It probably looks more violent than it really is, Solarion isn't sure since he can't see. All he has to go on is the decidedly bared snarl he can feel pulling on Rook's lips, making them thinner where they're pressed against him than they usually are when Rook's kissing him (or talking, or going down on him - anything at all, really), and there's quite a bit of teeth. Every scrape and nip makes Solarion shudder and twist, and when Rook moves on to his earlobe, Solarion would be making noise if he wasn't still aware of the drow around them.The sensation of attention on him isn't as sharp or alarming now as it was before, though. There's no pressing stares that nearly feel physical, and the murmur of voices, as long as Rook doesn't pause, has turned into a fuzzy hum in his ears. Indistinct, unimportant.

He does hear the laughter his startled cry stirs when Rook's hand unexpectedly close around his erection, the touch feeling like a thunder strike all through his spine, even making his fingers twitch and his toes curl, from such a simple thing. It doesn't stay simple, and Solarion swears he's staring into flickering flashes of colour as the hand - seemingly rough, but the grip is surprisingly kind against the force used, and there's tiny, feathery brushes of soft fingertips against the more sensitive spots along his length, his balls being half cupped in teasing caresses. The orgasm is quick, and Solarion is silent as he's practically punched with it, freezing in a startled arch.The noise around him doesn't matter.He'll be embarrassed about this later, about the mess staining his stomach, sticking to the gauzy spider silk that drapes his hips and down his legs in a sort of half skirt, knowing there were so many to see said mess. Right now, all he can pay attention to when he can't see anything but the faintly warm-tinged darkness of the inside of his eyelids or the rainbow flickers against the solid blackness when he tries to open them against the blindfold, is Rook's hands stroking his thighs, squeezing half-moons into his skin. The shock of hot and wet tongue and lips against his navel, Rook working another hickey right there.Rook goes from here to kissing down his hip bone, around the mess Solarion has made. It's a pause that's long enough that when Rook brushes down past Solarion's balls to press against his entrance, Solarion's flinch is only from surprise of not having known where he was going to touch next, not from overstimulated sensitivity. His fingers are slick, at least. Solarion had admittedly been vaguely worried this would really hurt, that that would be the actual point aside from the humiliation, that Rook wouldn't get to even try to ease the way.Apparently not, though for someone else the brief slide of fingers inside of him would doubtfully be enough. For Solarion, with Rook, he knows it will be enough. Still, this is when the first sign of hesitation comes from Rook; he flips Solarion over firmly enough, plasters himself against his back in a way that emphasizes where Solarion is on his knees and bent down over on his arms, but really just covers as much of Solarion as Rook can, given they are almost of a height. Trying to hide as much of him as possible from their audience."I'm sorry, I'm not---""I can handle it. I promise, kitten," Solarion says, making sure to use Elvish for the endearment and interrupting him before Rook can try to derail this, to pause long enough Solarion might start to pay attention to the noises around them - louder now, certainly saying nothing pleasant, he's sure - and not to what Rook's doing. He is taking care of him, even if Rook probably feels he should be doing more, doing it differently. The not-quite-harsh but definitely rough hands commands Solarion's whole attention as well as his body, and for the first time since this started and when they aren't alone in Rook's quarters, he doesn't mind the lack of control. And the thing is, no matter what Rook thinks, he can handle what happens next.Rook seats himself with one harsh thrust, but Solarion had been prepared for it. The press of the head of Rook's cock against him had given him the warning he needs to relax into it, even if it does punch all the air out of his lungs and he's left shuddering, all the way down to his curling toes and fitfully clenching at the blankets and cushions in his grasp. Capable of quickly adjusting, used to Rook's size, still doesn't take away the fact that Rook is impressively large, and he feels even more so inside of him when all Solarion has is the press of Rook, is his own flexing, stretched-wide muscles, is his singing, shocked nerves.It's like he can feel Rook's cock in his mouth, and he muffles his moan against the cushion his face is pressed against.It's almost funny that this whole thing probably looks more violent than it actually is. He's not sure how Rook manages it, but he does, and their audience could be howling for his blood by now and Solarion wouldn't have a clue. He'll probably be mortified later by how easy it was to distract him, but right now the blindfold serves a vital function, forcing Solarion to focus on feeling instead of their surroundings, and right now he's deeply grateful for it.Rook's thrusts are deep, rocking him with every slam in, and Solarion has no idea what that looks like to anyone else, but all he can do is slide his knees a little wider and ride it. He comes quicker than he has at any point since he was brought in front of Elerra, and while he gasps into the cushions as Rook finishes, he just hopes---Rook's hands in his hair are slow, the way he undoes the catch even slower, and sick apprehension replaces the lingering buzz of his second orgasm. Rook knows what he's doing, though, because he replaces the blindfold with his hand while he pulls Solarion off the platform, and it gives Solarion enough time to bury his face in Rook's neck when they get back to Elerra's side and she puts that weird leash back on, the one which connects him and Rook together before the lead goes to her hand. Solarion's grateful for it, now. He has no idea what he'd do if they'd come here leashed (and kept) apart, if he'd been forced to immediately acknowledge all the drow in this room, acknowledge what he probably looks like.Somehow, Rook keeps him distracted all the way through the rest of the party and back until he's naked and they're getting cleaned back in his quarters, and Solarion is deeply grateful for that, too.

This is an especially brutal story, filled with torture, rape, and snuff. Be sure this is a thing you want to read before continuing. Created with the help and care of Deathstalker and Darinost, without whom this story would never have been written. The world is an imaginatively cruel place,” Irae T’sarran lamented before allowing the flicker of a smirk to cross her face. “But the world has not yet seen the full extent of my imagination.”The male drow standing over the high priestess of Kiaransalee did not offer his own thoughts on her comment. He was far too well trained to do such a stupid thing. Instead, he remained focused on his assigned task, running his hands across Irae’s uniquely pigmented skin to massage her lithe form into a state of utter relaxation. But as his eyes lingered on the drow’s pert buttocks, nude beneath his fingers and yet far beyond his reach, he silently agreed with the high priestess’s assessment of the world. If his touch strayed from professional massage to carnal intent for even a second, he knew he would face strict punishment. Perhaps even death. Still, there was nothing stopping him from admiring the figure laid out before him on the massage table, glistening with his special oils.Irae T’sarran was unlike any drow woman he’d had the pleasure of servicing over the many years he’d spent as a masseuse. Her skin was a vibrant white, far removed from the various shades of obsidian that covered most drow. She lacked even a single strand of hair, neither between her legs or across the top of her smooth head. Up until Irae, he’d only heard rumors of the existence of szarkai – the albino variant of the drow. Seeing her before him – every succulent inch of her – stirred a blend of emotions within him. There was no denying the woman was quite beautiful, in an eerie way, but the pigment of her skin tickled an odd distaste in the pit of his stomach. Her prominent station – and her wealth – kept him from dwelling on that distaste, but he knew she was not wealthy enough to pay off the distate everyone in Menzoberranzan felt for her. Or, for that matter, even her own family.Irae had been born into one of the highest houses of drow society, once upon a time. But her genetic defect – as it was called – had led to her being cast out. The easy life of power she’d been promised by birth had been taken from her before she’d even been old enough to comprehend why. It was not enough to keep her down. She’d worked hard – harder than any female in Manzoberranzan – to rise to the rank of priestess for her chosen goddess. And then she’d pushed further to become Kiransalee’s high priestess. It would have been an impressive accomplishment for a drow not born as a szarkai, but even her self-made status had not been enough to earn her family’s respect, or even much respect from the common citizens.That had been enough to push Irae down a new path. If the high born wished not to acknowledge her, that was quite alright. She would simply take what she felt she deserved. Being looked down upon could only sting her pride so much, and it afforded her the opportunity of forging new friendships with other, similarly disrespected members of drow society. The male masseuse currently working his nimble fingers along the edges of her shoulder blades, for example. With the current matriarchal rule over drow society, he would be destined to live a life of servitude – or worse. While Irae had to admit it was nice having a man at her command whenever she wished, she was stunned that those in power were so blind to the possibility of revolt. It had been attempted before, but the outbursts had always been small, easily dealt with. But that did not mean the plan did not have merit. It simply needed the right kind of leadership and organization.“Tell me your name,” Irae asked her masseuse. The length it took him to answer her showed just how surprised he was that she was engaging him on a personal level, even one as casual as asking his name.“Leshrae Kiltyl, ma’am,” he finally answered.“Tell me, Leshrae,” the high priestess purred. “Do you ever yearn for something more out of life?” She was met with awkward silence. A clear sign that Lashrae was a well-trained male, but not the answer she was searching for. She turned her head to the side, looking back at the man from over her shoulder. “It’s alright,” she assured him. “This is not some trick. I am genuinely curious.”It took Leshrae a few moments longer to answer. When he did, it was in a hushed, conspiratorial whisper with the occasional glance around the room to make sure there wasn’t anyone else within earshot. “I suspect there aren’t many men in this city who don’t, high priestess,” he confessed.It wasn’t much of an answer, but she allowed it. She lifted herself up from the table, turning her upper body to rest on one shoulder to look back at him more directly. She noticed his eyes shifting from her face to the breast she’d so casually exposed to him. It was the sort of break in subservience she could use to have the man thrashed. But she didn’t mind the glance. It reminded her that – despite how she was treated by the majority of her peers – she was still beautiful. “So why don’t you do something about it?” she asked bluntly.Leshrae blushed. Not because he’d been caught glancing at her tit, but because her question worried him to such an extent. His eyes darted about the room faster, certain that he was being set up for something. “I… I would never indulge… such notions, high priestess,” he insisted.Irae rolled her eyes and let out a disgruntled sigh, slumping back onto the table. “Then you are either a fool or a coward,” she declared. “Or both.” Several lengthy moments of awkward tension filled the room before the masseuse went back to his duties. “It’s unfortunate,” she muttered. “I would very much like to have a conversation about the politics of this city. And how they might be swayed to better serve the low born. Better serve those of us who’ve been met with only disdain and disrespect from those who think they are better than us, simply because of the color of their skin. Or the equipment between their legs, for that matter.”She let the baited words hang in the air. She did not want to push her intentions too far or too directly, just in case the man truly was a coward. Irae had no intention of having the ember of rebellion burning at the back of her mind snuffed out due to the masseuse informing on her. It took him several more minutes before he worked up the courage to answer her.“Well,” he said in that conspiratorial hush. “There is one man…”A wicked grin spilled across Irae’s face. She rolled over without warning, lying her back on the massage table and letting her legs fall open. It took every ounce of self-control she had not to openly laugh at the man’s visible shock as she exposed her cunt to him. “Why don’t you tell me more about this man?” she offered as she motioned a hand to her loins. “There appears to be a knot in my muscles down there. Go ahead and see what you can do about working it out.”Irae kept her moans to a minimum as Lashrae’s fingers massaged the soft folds of her pussy, listening closely to every detail he had regarding her potential co-conspirator. It became a good deal more difficult for her when those talented fingers wiggled their way inside her hot hole, diligently searching for any points of discomfort she might possess. But even so, she got what she needed from the masseuse – in more ways than one.I must find this Nimor Imphraezl, she thought as the shudders of her orgasm slithered through her writhing form.Nimor Imphraezl had accomplished much considering he was a man in a female-dominated society. If not for his draconic heritage and his lethal skills as an assassin, none of it would have been possible. But his own accomplishments meant little to him. His primary goal was seeking a means of elevating the status for all drow males. It was a lofty goal, and one that he’d not found much success with. Like so many others, he’d seen what had become of the small revolts, unplanned and easily squashed. Planning a larger scale rebellion was a tricky affair, and a lengthy one. But with each male he convinced to join his cause, he moved on step closer to accomplishing his task.It helped that the majority of men in drow society were seen as little more than servants. It made getting agents into sensitive areas rather easy. As long as none of his recruits jumped the gun, they could deal with a significant portion of Manzoberranzan’s leadership in a single coordinated attack. But the logistics of such an attack were a nightmare. Especially with only limited information from within the highest inner circles of drow society. It would not be impossible, but Nimor faced the very real possibility that it would take him several more years before everything fell into place. And that was only if no one spoiled the surprise in that span of time.And then, like a boon of good fortune, Irae T’sarran arrived on his doorstep. It took several long hours of linguistic dancing to decide whether she was genuinely interested in planning a revolt, or if she was simply a spy sent to uncover his plots. By the end of it, they’d convinced one another that their goals aligned well enough to work with one another. As Irae dispensed the knowledge she possessed and the access she had onto him, Nimor saw his timetable shrink with every word. Night passed into morning and then into late afternoon by the time the two had finished their discussion, each of them amazed at the plans they’d concocted. It would still not be a simple matter – nothing ever was – but the chances of success had risen significantly.Now it was simply a matter of putting the final pieces of their plan together.For the most part, Irae and Nimor’s rebellion needed numbers. In a city full of men who’d lived their lives as second-class citizens or worse, recruitment as a simple – but careful – routine. If a man was receptive to their plans, he was brought into the fold and given assignments. If not, they were disposed of. Nimor was quite talented at arranging the deaths and they were rarely investigated with any passion. What he’d originally seen as a lifelong quest became a matter of weeks with Irae’s assistance. The majority of their recruits were little more than fodder. Numbers to help them sway things in their favor. But there were exceptions, of course.Grompf Baenre was one of those exceptions. As the current queen’s brother, he had access, influence, and means to prove very valuable in the oncoming rebellion. It helped that the man had no love for his sister – Queen Quenthel. Being their mother’s firstborn had afforded him the ability to attain some degree of power within Manzoberranzan, achieving the rank of arch-mage. But the power of true leadership was largely denied to him. He’d been engaging in his own form of subtle revolt with his sister for some time. Their mutual disdain for one another had led to a series of attempted assassinations on both their parts. Quenthel’s attempts came from a point of wanting to eliminate any potential threats to her.Grompf’s motivations were a good deal more personal. His younger sister and the eldest daughter, Triel, had been meant for the throne. He’d been… close… with Triel and he’d anticipated her rise to power. Her more tempered approach to things spelled great progress for drow society as a whole. But Quenthel was a jealous cunt. So much so that she’d not even bothered to go through the means of hiring an assassin to eliminate her older sister. She’d done the deed herself. Grompf lacked the appropriate evidence to publicly accuse Quenthel, but he had no intention of letting that stop him from claiming revenge for Triel’s death. But even with his power – certainly the strongest male in Manzoerranzan – he lacked the resources to provide his little sister the brutal de-throning she so richly deserved.When Irae arranged a private meeting and let him in on what was being planned, he was quite eager to lend his support to the cause. Grompf’s inclusion was the final nail in the coffin of drow society as it was. The time for rebellion had come.Chaos gripped Manzoberranzan.Aunrae Abaeir had feld her place of worship with the screams of her fellow priestesses echoing in her ears. The sticky warmth of blood clung to her frantic face. The images of the revolting men storming into the church and promptly slashing open Drisace’s throat haunted her mind. She’d been standing right next to the woman, giving her a clear view of her splitting jugular and putting her well within the range of the arterial spray that had erupted from her neck. Aunrae wasn’t sure how she’d managed to get out of the church. The whole experience had been a blur as the priestesses endured a combination of brutal butchering and violent rape. But somehow, Aunrae had escaped with her life and dignity intact. Her clothing, less so. She could feel the chill of the air against her bare breasts, forcing her nipples into stiff points as she ran through the city streets.Violence surrounded her. She watched through tear-blurred as eyes one drow woman was forced over a barrel, cock spearing its way into her ass while another man lined up the blade of his axe with the back of her neck. She looked away before the swing, but it didn’t save her from hearing the meaty thud of the axe cleaving the woman’s head from her shoulders. Her eyes fell upon another woman, cradling her steaming guts in her hands as she choked down the length of a man’s rigid member. All of her teachings told her to help where she could, but her sense of self-preservation was too strong. She let out a terrified shriek as a couple of men spotted her and charged her way. Her legs pumped hard, doing everything she could to stay ahead of them.Despite the chaos and the panic, Aunrae knew where she was going. With the sanctity of her church destroyed, she could think of only one place in the city where she might be safe from the revolt. The young drow was drenched in sweat and thoroughly exhausted by the time she reached her family home. She silently thanked her goddess for the good fortune to reach her destination with relative safety. Aunrae rushed into the dwelling, slamming the heavy wooden door shut behind her and barring it. It would not hold out under a persistent assault, but it would at least give her some time to collect herself before she needed to flee again. She hoped it would be enough time to gather her family, some supplies, and escape the city.Aunrae’s husband had been in the military. She’d lost him during a border skirmish some years ago, but he’d given her two sons before his death. They’d grown into capable young men, eager to follow in their father’s footsteps. The pain of his loss had given her the incentive to keep them at home for as long as possible and, with the assistance of her father, she hoped they’d never pick up a sword. The violence she’d seen on the streets had been largely focused on women, but she had no intention of leaving her sons and father behind. She called out to them as she entered the home, lifting an arm to cover her exposed breasts.“Istroos, Vuznet,” she cried out. “Gather your things. We need to leave now. Something’s happening. A rebellion. It’s not safe.” She hurried towards the kitchen, already mentally calculating the supplies they would need to make it out of the city and beyond. “Father?” she called. “Are you home?”Aunrae found her family waiting for her in the kitchen. Her face filled with confusion as she spotted their seeming lack of concern. “Did you not hear me? The people have gone mad. We have to get out of here.” She clutched her arm against her breasts tighter, keeping her nudity concealed from her sons as best she could. She motioned back the way she’d come, back into the house. “Vuznet, go to my room and get me a new top. Istroos, gather food for the journey.” Her sons made no move to do as she’d told them. “Father?” she asked, dread tickling in her belly. “What is this?”The drow priestess jumped as her sons rushed towards her. Their rough hands clamped around her soft flesh, yanking her arm away from her exposed breasts and tugged her further into the kitchen. She struggled against them, demanding that they let her go. Her head throbbed with the horror of the situation. She’d clung to the desperate hope that despite the acts of the men outside that her family was more noble than that. Istroos and Vuznet hauled their mother before their grandfather. The older drow openly admired Aunrae’s firm breasts, giving her a thin, humorless smile as he reached out to caress the mounds.“The tides are shifting, my dear daughter,” Diraen growled out to her. “You were always so content strutting around this home, barking demands and expecting only obedience. I’m so glad you made it home safe to us. It saves us the trouble of searching the streets for you.”Aunrae screamed as her father tore through what remained of her tattered dress. She strained to conceal her bared flesh, but Istroos and Vuznet only tightened their grip on her. They forced her down onto her knees as Diraen loosened his belt. “Time to see if you’re as good at sucking cock as your mother,” he chuckled as he pulled his stiff dick free and pushed it towards his daughter’s mouth. Aunrae clamped her lips shift, twisted her head aside. Vuznet – the stronger of her sons – grabbed hold of her jaw, fingers digging into her cheeks as he pried her mouth open for his grandfather. Looping a hand around the back of her head, Diraen gripped a fistful of his daughter’s silver hair and tugged her towards his crotch. He let out a pleased sigh as he pushed his way into her mouth, sliding across her flopping tongue and sheathing himself down her gulping throat.Tears of horror and shame trickled from Aunrae’s bulging eyes as she choked around her father’s prick. He fucked her face with rough strokes, holding nothing back as her sons pushed in on either side of her. Their hands wandered across her naked flesh, squeezing her tits and curling into her cunt. Drool sprayed from her stretched lips as her nose mashed against Diraen’s crotch. His balls smacked against her chin with rhythmic timing. She managed to tug an arm free, bringing her clenched fist forward and pounding against her father’s waist and thighs. Diraen snared her by the wrist, putting an end to her attack until Istroos could take hold of her arm. A muffled scream worked its way up Aunrae’s stuffed gullet as her son violently twisted her arm back and jerked it free from its socket.The pain of the dislocation was enough to kill a fair bit of Aunrae’s fight. She knelt before her father, gagging around his cock as he pumped into her. It took him several more swift strokes to reach his climax, flooding his daughter’s mouth with his thick seed. It bubbled from her stretched lips and drained down her gulping throat as she struggled not to drown in the spunk. The cock slipped free from her mouth, leaving her gasping and coughing as she dropped down onto her hands and knees. “Puh-please,” she groaned, leaving behind the domineering attitude she’d run her household with in favor of begging for mercy. “You c-can’t. I’m your daughter.” She twisted her head to the side to look at her sons. “Your mother.”Istroos and Vuznet were too worked up from playing with Aunrea’s body and watching her face getting fucked by their grandfather to listen to anything she had to say. Vuznet hooked an arm around her slender belly, hoisting her back onto her feet. The drow priestess cried out as she was shoved over the edge of the countertop. Vuznet kept her pinned there, signaling for his younger brother to have his fun. Istroos grinned and knocked his mother’s legs further apart as he freed his erection. He spat into his hand and rubbed the saliva across her relatively dry cunt lips, preparing her only slightly for the oncoming rape. He lined himself up, holding the base of his shaft in one hand and gripping the side of Aunrae’s hip with the other.“Is this how he did it, mother?” he asked with a cruel laugh, ramming his cock into Aunrae’s clenching pussy. “Is this how Father impregnated you?”Aunrae only responded with pained shrieks as her son thrust deeply into her sex, but a shudder of sickened revulsion washed over her as she realized that the answer to Istroos’ question was yes. Her horror rose further as she realized that her son’s member felt far too similar to her dead husband’s. Roughly the same length, with that same unique little curve to it that was so perfect for striking her womanhood in just the right way. The jolts of unwanted pleasure radiating up from her loins proved too much for her. Her face filled with awkward strain for a moment before she promptly puked up the deposit her father had fed her. The gooey blend of jizz and bile splattered across the countertop before her.“Look at that, mother,” Vuznet chided with a shake of his head. “You’ve gone and made a mess. Should I fetch the mop and bucket to clean it up? Or would you like me to finish polishing your boots first?” He did neither, instead deciding to grip his mother by the back of the head and force her face against the messy slop she’d expelled. “Lick it up, you bitch,” he growled. “Like you always used to tell us, you do not let good food go to waste. Lick it up or I’ll be forced to take Father’s belt to you. Just like you did to us when we were younger.”Too overwhelmed by the madness that had found its way into the heart of her family, Aunrae obeyed. She dragged her tongue through the foul slop covering the counter, struggling to swallow it down between her fitful sobs. Her stomach was still uneasy, but she fought against the urge to puke again as she cleaned the counter with her tongue. Istroos’ cock slammed steadily into her snatch, moving much easier due to the lubrication he’d fucked out of her thanks to his uniquely curved member. She’d only licked up a small portion of the cum-puke before Vuznet decided he’d seen enough. Yanking her head up from the counter, he twisted her to face him. Istroos hugged her hips, holding her against him as his brother worked her off of the counter and pulled her head down to his exposed member.“Here’s something for that filthy mouth of yours,” he declared as he pushed his erection past her lips. Aunrae’s sobs became muffled around her eldest son’s prick. The two young men shared a wide grin across the sweaty backside of their thoroughly stuffed mother. Istroos thrust forward, fucking Aunrae against Vuznet’s crotch. Then it was Vuznet’s turn to repay the favor. Bent over before them, she shifted back and forth between the pair of erections, tits swaying beneath her from the rough strokes they delivered. Istroos didn’t withdraw when he felt his climax grow near. He happily pumped his creamy spunk deep into his mother’s cunt, hoping that at least one of his sperm managed to find its way into one of her eggs. He quite liked the idea of getting to raise a son-brother. He liked the idea of having a daughter-sister even better. There would be no shortage of female flesh to purchase in the wake of the rebellion, but what was the point of purchasing a new bitch to add to their collection when they had the means of breeding them within the family?Laran Hala had been having a pleasant meal in the tavern when the rebellion started. She’d hardly heard the start of the commotion taking place outside when the young man who’d been serving her smashed the mug of ale across the back of her head. She’d slumped over the table, faceplanting into her plate of half-eaten food. Laran wasn’t unconscious for long, but when she came around, the revolt was well underway. She let out a gasp, face grimacing with pain, and then a sharp scream as she realized the fleshy stiffness ramming its way up her asshole was the cock of her former server. Nauseating dizziness rolled through her as she lifted her head, feeling her hair sticky from her bleeding scalp. She cried out again as the young man snared a fistful of her hair and yanked her head further back, forcing her breasts up from the table she’d been draped across.“So glad you’re awake,” the server growled into her ear. “Your ass is already clenching around my dick much more nicely. And I was worried you were going to miss all the fun.”The ‘fun’ he referred to looked like anything but that in Laran’s eyes. Disoriented and horrified by the sudden shift in societal niceties taking place around her, she was helpless to do much more than take her rapist’s cock and witness the plights of her fellow women transpiring within the tavern.Sasniss Faertal had come into the tavern seeking only a simple drink, some ale to quench her thirst before going on with her day. Instead, the bartender had pulled her over the bar top. Several hard smacks across the face and a solid punch to the gut had left her too disoriented to defend herself. The man laid her out on the counter, tearing through her clothing as he climbed over her. Knocking her legs apart, he plunged his stiff length into her vulnerable snatch. Sasniss screamed for help that wasn’t coming as the bartender hammered into her, lips kissing and sucking at her jiggling tits. The man spewed his seed into her clenching pussy, but he’d tolerated far too many haughty drow women wearing low-cut tops to feel satisfied. His cock remained firm as he fucked his way through his first orgasm.“Oh, I’m sorry,” he growled down at the woman, words dripping with mockery. “You were thirsty.” He closed his fingers around Sasniss’s throat, squeezing hard enough to choke her. As her mouth gaped open before him, wild eyes filled with fear, he reached out to snag a full mug of ale. He held it over her head as he pumped into her, tilting the mug to the side and pouring the liquid into her open mouth. With her esophagus mostly squeezed shut, she struggled to swallow the ale, hacking up what she couldn’t consume. It was an impressive feat, but the bartender had plenty more ale to give her. Chucking the empty mug aside, he grabbed a second one and repeated the process. “Go ahead and drown in it, bitch,” he told her as he poured. “Won’t stop me from fucking you.”Sasniss’s face and hair became soaked with ale. It gurgled at the back of her throat. She managed to make it through two more mugs-worth of ale before the blend of strangling and drowning took their toll on her. The bartender let out a laugh as she flopped about beneath him, unintentionally grinding her crotch up to meet his swift thrusts. He watched the foam pour over her lips and chin, wide terrified eyes staring up at him as she died. Sasniss managed a final, linger wet rattle as her flailing shifted into spastic shudders. The bartender came again into her dying snatch, hoping she got to feel at least a few of the hot globs of his spunk shooting into her before her life blinked out. He slid free of her messy snatch, tired but not finished. He scooped up Sasniss’s inert form, rolling her over so he could admire her perky, lifeless ass. Gripping his half-wilted shaft in his hand, he pumped himself back to a full erection before dropping back over the dead drow, ready to plunder a fresh hole.As the proprietor of the tavern, Micarlin Blundyth had enjoyed all of the profits and benefits the business had to offer. She’d been in her office, going through the books and calculating the expansion of her wealth, when the rebellion started. When the group of employees and customers barged into the room, she’d sprung to her feet, demanding explanations for the invasion of privacy. They’d responded to her demands with a thorough beating before clearing her desk of the extensive paperwork strewn across it. They tore away at her clothing to gain access to the pleasant flesh hiding beneath it. A couple of the men turned their attention to the lockbox she kept the tavern’s earnings in, smashing it open and filling their pockets with her money. The rest seemed less interested in robbing her, instead focusing on whatever pleasures they could milk from her body.Micarlin was twisted and wrestled into a variety of uncomfortable positions as the men took her, stuffing her various orifices with their eager members. The news that the tavern owner was very much on the menu passed through the establishment, ensuring that she had no reprieve from the violent gangrape. Micarlin could do nothing more than hope that this revolt was another small outburst. That the city’s guard would soon arrive to put an end to it. She imagined all of the terrible things she planned on doing to the men who’d taken advantage of her. She wondered what sort of bribes she would have to pay to allow for the display of stretched and tanned skins displayed on her walls. Maintaining a public display of the cost of such transgressions seemed like a wise move to dissuade future outbursts.Micarlin got a sense of just how bad things were when one of her servers came into the office holding the severed head of a drow woman. The woman’s face was constricted with horror and suffering. She stared into Laran’s dead eyes as the server forced her to make out with the head, exchanging the backwash of jizz in her mouth for the stale seed leaking from the dead woman’s lips while her bartender pushed his overworked dick through her cleavage. But it wasn’t until someone with some apparent authority arrived that Micarlin realized this was not just another small burst of chaotic revolt.Pulled from the rape-orgy, Micarlin could barely stand as the thick manacles were snapped closed around her wrists and ankles. Some of her clothing had survived the prolonged assault. It clung to her skin, soaked through with a myriad of bodily fluids, as she was ushered out of her office. She stared at the destruction littering her tavern, seeing numerous female bodies. She suspected the head she’d made out with had come from the decapitated corpse propped into a chair with her legs spread wide and a steady flow of jizz leaking from her thoroughly violated snatch. Another corpse was draped over the bar top. Several more littered the floor. A few of the women in the tavern were still alive, still in the midst of one form of rape or the other. One had been strung up in the middle of the room, barely clinging to life as her legs kicked about wildly. Her hands clawed at the rope cinching her throat closed, bulging eyes filled with panic. The hanging drow was still flailing about at the end of her rope as Micarlin was led out of her tavern and into the clutches of the rebellion.Just as Irae and Nimor had suspected, their coordinated assault and orchestrated chaos had happened too fast for Quenthel to organize an effective response. The revolt raged on for three straight days before the bulk of the resistance was dealt with. Quenthel and a few of her advisors had managed to escape into hiding, but plans were already in motion to hunt her down. Large portions of Menzoberranzan had fallen under the rebellion’s control. The military leader – Iymace Kilduis – had pulled back from the occupied sections. With her numbers sorely reduced, she’d had no choice, shifting her focus to smaller battles committed using guerilla tactics. It seemed to be a no-win scenario, but the woman was battle hardened and a skill strategist. Even with a limited supply of soldiers, she still posed a significant threat to the rebellion.But even with the city in shambles and victory not yet a certainty, Irae and Nimor saw no reason not to embolden their forces with shows of their strength. While they turned their minds towards dealing with the last of their enemy, they scheduled a number of public executions to keep their group entertained. A beast of a drow by the name of Ilmdus Miezzael was appointed head executioner and left to arrange and conduct the displays of gruesome demise for a portion of the prisoners that had been taken during the initial revolt. Considering he’d gleefully butchered his own daughter before striding out into the streets to start hacking his way through the panicked civilians during the start of the rebellion, he was a perfect choice. Doubly so, as neither Irae nor Nimor had ever recruited the man. He’d simply seen the opportunity and taken it. He was not the only drow male to do so, but he was – by far – the most bloodthirsty.The makeshift execution arena erected in the town square had no shortage of options when it came to dispatching the unfortunate women scheduled for termination. There was a gallows equipped with four nooses to allow for hangings in groups, a guillotine for prompt decapitations, a burning post, and a myriad of weapons and tools to choose from. Ilmdus had entertained the masses for a good portion of a day by seeing just how much skin he could peel off of a defiant soldier bitch before she died. As it happened, the answer had been quite a lot of skin. But with a trio of women scheduled for execution and an eager crowed waiting to see the bloodshed, the man knew he could not indulge his desires to quite such an extent.The women brought to him varied in looks and dispositions, but each and every one of them shared a couple similar traits. They’d all been brutally raped and tortured extensively before being delivered to him, and they would all be quite dead by the time they left him. The method of their snuffing was left for him to decide, with the occasional suggestion from the audience. He was, however, allowed – if not encouraged – to satiate his carnal needs with as many of the women as he liked before doing away with them. Ilmdus found he preferred the pleasures of dead flesh to living – something he’d discovered as he’d rammed his cock up the back of his daughter’s severed throat. But he was not above indulging in a bit of pre-mortem rape for the enjoyment of his audience. Occasionally, he even found means of dispatching his victims with his monstrous member, but he saved those deaths for a certain class of prisoner. Of the three he had to choose from, none of them were worthy enough for such a gloriously depraved end.There was Brigandrith Illarr, barely a grown woman and yet she’d been tasked with fighting. The rebellion had been the rookie’s first taste of battle and she’d not had long to get the hang of it. She’d wound up being the sole survivor of her unit, treated to the sights and sounds of her fellow women being raped and ripped apart around her while she’d remained untouched, too terrified to even draw her sword. She’d not known a cock until after she’d been captured, but since, she’d grown far too accustomed to them over the short period of her incarceration. The way she stood there, hands clasped in front of her, shivering and staring vacantly into nothingness, she might as well have been dead already.Ilmdus considered that a challenge. The bitch was there to provide entertainment. He had every intention of making her do so. A lingering demise seemed the most fitting for her, but one that would force her to engage – even instinctively. He prepared a noose for her, tugging her up onto the gallows and letting the crowd ogle her young, petite form. Usually, he liked to hang the ones with a bit more meat on their bones. The sight of jiggling flesh never failed to stir the crowd into a frenzy of excitement. But for Brigandrith, he would make an exception. If the initial drop didn’t jolt her out of her state of shock, he was certain the lengthy hanging would. He pulled the noose over her head and tightened it around her throat, careful to position the rope in such a way that it would not break her scrawny neck when it pulled closed around her. With the rookie soldier’s end prepared, Ilmdus turned his attention to the remaining two women.Qualnva Aleghym had been a priestess before her thoroughly raped form had fallen into custody. She was livelier than Brigandrith, but only just. She kept her head down, eyes closed, lips muttering out a litany of prayers to her goddess. Ilmdus had seen that sort of behavior before. The ones who prayed had a tendency to start praying to him before the end came. She didn’t require as lengthy a demise as the rookie, but she’d nee a good deal of pain before she was ready to snuff out. Dragging Qualnva onto the stage, he moved her over to the whipping board. He tugged away the tattered remnants of her robe before strapping her face down onto the board, leaving her smooth backside and plump ass on full display for the crowd. He could have a good deal of fun whipping the piety out of her while Brigandrith hung. But before he could get started on that, he had one last victim to deal with. His show-starter.Jhaellin T’iom was another soldier, but far more experienced than Brigandrith. She’d remained defiant through the initial rapes before her capture and even throughout the abuses she’d endured while being a prisoner. As she tugged at her bindings and aimed deadly glares at everyone around her, Ilmdus could see she was itching for a fight, an opportunity to prove that her failure up until that point had simply been a streak of bad luck. She’d gladly put on an entertaining show for the crowd, but the interest in her would wane before long. The perfect victim to get things started. Ilmdus pulled her up onto the stage with him. She twisted away from his grip and spat a thick wad of saliva onto his broad chest.“You will pay for this,” she hissed at her executioner before turning her ire upon the group gathered to watch her end. “You will all pay for this. When we’ve reclaimed this city, your heads will line the streets. Those that live will be branded as traitors and banished into the wilderness. You’ll carry out your days consumed by the shame you’ve brought upon yourselves and your families. You’ll die alone and abandoned, a miserable death for miserable people. And I’ll be there. Somehow, I’ll be there for all of it. I’ll watch you crumble and fade away and I will laugh.” The crowd laughed and booed at her defiant monologue, but Jhaellin was too caught up in it to notice that Ilmdus had stepped away from her. “Queen Qunethel will have her revenge! And the light of the pyres made from your corpses will be seen for miles.” She lifted her head, looking to the sky with eyes brimming with tears of pride, unintentionally giving the executioner a clear target. “I will watch it all, and I will lau – “The broadsword met the side of Jhaellin’s neck, cleaving through meat and bone with a swift stroke. Her head was sent into the air, riding the top of the geyser of blood erupting from her severed neck. Her body snapped rigid, remaining on her feet as her head dropped to the stage floor with a hard thud. The head rolled about awkwardly before landing on its side, muscular tremors creeping through her shocked face. As blood rained across her nude form, her headless corpse stumbled about on the stage, deaf to the cheers from the crowd. She dropped to one knee, plump breasts shoved forward as her left shoulder underwent a series of spastic jerks backwards, twisting her torso to the side. The body fell forward, tits smacking against the blood-stained wood of the stage as her athletic legs kicked out, stretching straight before crumpling inwards, humping an invisible lover as piss gushed from her loins. Ilmdus planted a boot against her hip and shoved her body onto its side, allowing her wild flailing to continue as blood drained from her neck stump. With the floppy thudding the soldier’s headless husk pounding away and the cheers of the crowd continuing to roll through the arena, Ilmdus made his way back to the gallows.Stepping next to Brigandrith and resting his hand against the lever that would seal her fate, he saw the rookie had managed to shake herself free of at least some of the daze she’d been in. “Are you with us, little one?” the executioner asked.Brigandrith managed a nod, but her eyes remained fixed on Jhaellin’s still twitching body. Ilmdus gave it a look as well. “Did you know her?” he asked.Another nod. It looked like she wanted to say something, but she couldn’t get her lips to stop trembling long enough to get the words out. Whatever it was, it didn’t much matter.“She’s gone, little one,” Ilmdus confided. “But she still has some use left in her. When she finishes kicking about like that, I’ll toss her into the crowd. Try to keep the tears out of your eyes long enough and you’ll see what they do to her. You should know, when you’re finished, I’ll do the same with you.” He watched the knowledge sinking into the rookie’s traumatized mind. And, just like that, she was back to being a paralyzed victim. Ilmdus sighed. He’d hoped for more from her, but he wasn’t finished trying to get it. He tugged at the lever and the trapdoor swung out from beneath Brigandrith’s feet. She managed half a squeak as she dropped before the noose cinched tightly around her thin throat. She wasn’t fully strangled yet, but even the insignificant weight of her body would be enough to do her in eventually. The shock of the drop and the pain around her throat seemed to be enough to get her properly squirming. For the moment, that would be enough.The priestess was still praying when Ilmdus returned to her, but she was still offering those prayers to the wrong deity. He was the only god she needed to worry about any longer. It was time to show her as much. Selecting one of the nastier whips he had at his disposal – the one with a half-dozen ends lined with twisted lengths of rusted metal – the executioner went to work. The first lash was enough to open up several light gouges across the drow woman’s back, stretching from one shoulder blade halfway down to her ass. She did not hold back the scream of pain, but in its wake she only began to pray louder, calling out to her goddess for salvation. Ilmdus continued to lash away at her, ripping open her back and buttocks. Blood flowed steadily down her length, curling around her quivering ass cheeks and down her shuddering thighs. Qualnva’s shrieks of agony blended with Brigandrith’s gurgles of slow strangling to create a symphony of suffering for the rowdy crowd observing the dual executions. He’d forgotten to kick Jhaellin’s corpse to them, but the audience was not above stepping in to lend the executioner some assistance. Her headless husk was dragged into their midst, stuffed full of their rigid pricks. Against her better judgement, Brigandrith managed to blink the tears of pain from her eyes long enough to watch the defiant soldier’s body being violated. The sight of it, along with the growing urgency in her half-strangled lungs, was enough to get her really dancing in the air.Tugging the barbed whip free from Qualnva’s devastated back, Ilmdus leaned in close to her. “Who do you worship?” he growled. The tortured priestess responded with a whimper, naming her goddess. With an annoyed snarl, the executioner tossed the whip aside and stuffed his hand into the open sack of rock salt he had for especially troublesome victims. He chucked the salt across the tattered flesh of Qualnva’s back, delighting in her howls of fresh agony. When she got through the pain, he leaned in again and repeated his question.“Y-you,” she groaned out, barely a whisper. The word was harsh thanks to the ravaging her throat had suffered from all the screaming.Only minimally satisfied, Ilmdus rotated the whipping board so that Qualnva was forced to look out into the crowd of people cheering her suffering along. “Louder,” he barked, smacking his open palm – still layered in a bit of salt – against her ruined posterior. The priestess’s eyes bulged, releasing another scream and nearly passing out from the pain. “Who do you worship, priestess?”“You!” she managed to scream. “All of you! You are all my god now! I am your dutiful servant! Simply ask and I shall deliver!”Ilmdus chuckled as he palmed a curved dagger. “Was that so hard?” he asked, bringing the blade up against Qualnva’s throat. He opened it up with a smooth slice, watching the shock roll through her face as a heavy spurt of crimson erupted from her gashed open neck. The woman died slower than Jhaellin, but not as slowly as Brigandrith, listening to the wild applause from the audience as she bled out over the back of the whipping board. She was still drifting towards death when Ilmdus loosened her restraints. Her weak form collapsed onto the stage, one heavy hand moving slowly to clutch at the slice splitting her neck open. The executioner hefted her body up and chucked her nearly dead form into the waiting embrace of the crowd. She would live long enough to feel the first erection wedging its way into her severed esophagus.With two out of three of the executions completed, those that weren’t enjoying the spoils turned their eyes to the final woman. Brigandrith was really hanging and putting on a surprisingly impressive performance for them. Her petite frame swayed at the end of her rope, legs kicking about in the air, clenching toes stretching towards the floor. Her bulging eyes were full of panic and regret, the peaks of her perky tits standing at rigid attention. It seemed she’d finally discovered her fighting spirit, at the very end when it would do her little good. Wet gurgles poured out of her gaping mouth as she struggled to breathe through her pinhole-sized windpipe. Every inch of her slender figure glistened with the sweat pouring out of her. Her body turned at the end of the rope, offering the audience a tantalizing view of her tight ass clenching and releasing. She’d been hanging for a good while already and, by the look of it, she still had a long ways to go before she finally died. With no other prisoners waiting to die and the crowd still enjoying the show, Ilmdus saw no reason to hurry things along.The rookie would be a warm corpse before too long. And then Ilmdus would satisfy his own urges with her remains before tossing the leftovers to the audience.Not all of the women captured by the rebellion were offered up to Ilmdus’ execution events. Only those deemed unworthy of other uses. The revolution would not have been possible without the contributions of certain members. Nimor had brought up the possibility of rewarding those members for their efforts with some of the surplus of female flesh they now had in stock. Irae had loved the idea. And with Iymace beaten back and forced to assume a solely defensive posture with her dwindling supply of troops, she had no trouble devoting some time arranging the delivery of a few special trophies to those that had aided them the most.For his part in leading her to Nimor, Irae had been happy to track down a priestess who’d frequented Lashrae’s massage parlor. He’d admitted to Irae that he had a special infatuation with the woman. He’d even attempted going through the appropriate courting ritual with her, only to have her openly laugh off his attempts before declaring his intentions publicly. The attempt had earned Lashrae a severe punishment for fraternizing with a customer, enough to kill any interest he had in the priestess romantically. But not sexually.Aunrae would have been overjoyed to learn that not all of her fellow priestesses had been slaughtered during the initial stage of the revolt, but that joy would have soured if she’d learned that survival was not the gift it should have been. She’d have recalled the afternoon Amagara Baenreond had returned from her weekly massage with a tale of a brash masseuse who’d dare to attempt to court her. She’d have recalled joining in on the laughter and mockery of the man. But she’d not have been able to remember the masseuse’s name. In her current situation – with both of her sons attempting to ram their pricks up her gaping asshole simultaneously – she couldn’t be blamed for the lapse of memory. In the grand scheme of things, it didn’t matter. She would never learn of Amagara’s unfortunate fate at all.Upon accepting delivery of his reward, Lashrae intended to do everything he could to make sure that Amagara would never forget his name. If he broke her just right, he was certain he could make sure it was the only thing she remembered. He’d intended to do so regardless, but the look of disgust she’d flashed him upon seeing just who she was being given to cemented his intention. He strapped her down to a massage table – the same one she’d lain across so many times previously – and went about giving his new plaything her initial inspection. He explored her body thoroughly with just his hands first, fingers tracing over the curves of her buttocks and along the sides of her ribs, before slipping beneath her to give her plump breasts a hard squeeze. When the exploration concluded, he satisfied himself with spanking her upturned rump, listening to her whimpered discomfort as he watched her flesh ripple from the repeated impacts of his palm. He jerked himself off over her ass, layering her aching cheeks with his seed before working the deposit into her pours with his talented fingers. Amagara would remain bound to the table, enduring the eruption of his creamy bodily secretions across her flawless flesh followed by his perverted new style of massage therapy until she became so thoroughly soaked with his seed that she would continue to reek of his cum long after he’d finished with her. Before long, the smell would drive her mad, until the former priestess would do anything if only to feel his jizz on her skin, his fingers working it into her pours. Amagara would become his eager cum-craving pet. And when she crawled to him, begging for what dwell within his balls, he would occasionally give in and laugh in her face as he waved his prick in front of her. A fitting slice of revenge.After being taken captive and seeing the full extent of the rebellion ravaging its way through Menzoberranzan, Micarlin had not expected to see her tavern again. As she was led back into the place only scant days later, she wished she’d never had to see what had become of it. There were still signs of the initial revolt, bloodstains and broken furniture. The body of the drow woman who’d been strung up had been removed, but the makeshift noose remained. It was enough to send a shudder down Micarln’s spine, remembering the way she’d heard the woman gurgling out urgently, no doubt begging for help as she’d died. But even that revulsion paled in comparison to the discovery of who’d taken charge of her beloved tavern in her absence.Nalgo Hylaerth had been a good bartender. He knew how to mix drinks and banter with customers. Micarlin had tolerated the passes he’d made at her over the years. And she’d punished him appropriately the few times she’d caught him stealing from her. She’d not considered him a friend, but she’d thought there’d been some degree of mutual respect between them. Less so on her part, but she’d at least considered him a semi-loyal employee. Deep down, she’d hoped that his behavior during the revolt had simply been him getting caught up in all of the excitement, taking advantage of the situation. Finding him in charge of the tavern now and herself being presented to him as a reward for his assistance in the rebellion cast a new, twisted light on what had actually happened that day.The outburst of violence within the tavern had not been random. It had simply been one of many staged events taking place across the city. Nalgo had been recruited due to his somewhat elevated position in the establishment and he’d talked the other servers into going along with it. It hadn’t taken much convincing, especially after Nalgo revealed just how much of the tavern’s profits Micarlin kept for herself. A few of the male regulars in the tavern had agreed to take part as well. The rest had simply gone along with the event once it broke out. The promises of reform given to them by Nimor and Irae suited Nalgo and the others just fine, but they’d agreed to go along with the outburst for a different reason. They’d simply wanted to give Micarlin the hard fucking they figured she deserved. Now, for his part in the rebellion, Nalgo was being rewarded. She was to be his slave.Micarlin’s captors had not passed along any of the details of what had transpired. She’d learned it from Nalgo shortly after passing into his possession. He’d been happy to gloat to her about how well he’d played her as he’d made her suck him off. The former tavern owner’s bleak mood only worsened as Nalgo painted her face with his cum, listening to what he had planned for her life. She would work as his serving wench when she wasn’t busy being his whore. He’d already purchased a number of inappropriately revealing outfits for her to wear while she was working. “But don’t worry, my dear,” he assured her as he stroked his fingers across her left breast. “You’re not just my whore. You’re the tavern whore. If a customer’s got the silver, he’s got your holes.”Laying her down over the bed – what used to be her bed – Nalgo rubbed his stiffening member and climbed over her. He eased his way into her cunt from behind, taking his time violating her this time. They’d been in such a rush before and he really wanted to enjoy himself this time. Staring at the headboard as Nalgo fucked her, Micarlin dwelled in the newfound misery of her captivity. Then her former bartender muttered off a remark that chilled her blood. “I wonder if that kid sister of yours survived the rebellion,” Nalgo pondered. “I’ll need more bitches in this place to really make a profit.”Breaking down captured soldiers into obedient sex slaves tended to go one of two ways. There were the defiant ones, clinging to their training to maintain bravery in the face of total defeat. Those ones tended to wind up being executed. Breaking them would take time and resources the rebellion could not afford to spare. Other soldiers broke with surprising ease. Perhaps it had something to do with the regimented training they’d undergone learning to obey orders without question. Being an obedient servant wasn’t much different aside from the details. Instead of being ordered to break through the enemy lines and establish a secure perimeter, they were ordered to crawl around on the floor and shake their asses. Considering the survival rate of a slave was marginally higher than that of a soldier, embracing the change in profession wasn’t quite so outlandish.After her capture, Quarril Melrret had fallen into the latter camp. To say she was pleased with the change would have been a vast overstatement, but she could tolerate being someone’s slave if it meant she got to go on living. When the orders came down that she was to be transferred from the holding cell to a more permanent station, she took them in stride. Delivery was made without incident and she went along with her integration into her new life without complaint. The man she’d been gifted to was Antomph Claddval, a captain in the rebellion’s ragtag group of military units. She’d met him previously, during the initial revolt. Her unit had been dispatched to break up a group of disorderly men making their way through the streets. She’d not thought much of the assignment or the rabble they’d been tasked with putting down. Not until Antomph had launched his surprise attack.Half of Quarril’s unit had been cut down in the initial attack. Several more had died in the subsequent skirmish before their ranks had been broken. If she’d known the man who’d forced her to suck him off on the streets would soon become her master, Quarril might have behaved differently at the time. The sense of pride she’d felt when she’d clamped her teeth closed around his erection was gone. Now she only feared what he’d do to her in return now that she belonged to him. That fear had Quarril on her best behavior as she waited in the man’s office for his arrival. She was nude, skin glistening with oil. The position she held might have been considered an appropriate military stance if not for the perversity of it. Her legs were parted and held straight, creating a V-shape that lead directly to her loins. She was bent forward over the man’s desk, arms at her sides and fingers curling around to clutch her buttocks, presenting her cunt and asshole for inspection.Quarril’s tense muscles began to quiver with exhaustion as she was left to wait there for dragging hours. When she heard the door to the office finally click open, she breathed a sigh of relief, but otherwise maintained her passively obedient expression. She winced as Antomph gripped her by the hair and forced her to stand, feeling a spasm running its way through her back. He pulled her around to face him, leveling a smug smile at her. “I’ve been told you no longer have a problem keeping that mouth of yours open,” he growled. “But forgive me for wanting to make sure.” Quarril did not resist as he pulled her jaw open and worked the specially crafted mouth gag past her lips. The taste of rusted metal assaulted her tongue as the sharp points of the gag curled around to press into the skin around her lips. He tightened the strap securely at the base of her skull, ensuring that it would not slip out of place. Despite the foul taste and the pain of the gag, Quarril understood Antomph’s desire to use it. As he ordered her onto her knees and slid his bruised prick into her mouth, she hoped that one day she would earn the right to remove the gag.For the time being, she focused on sucking her new master off.Irae and Nimor were mere hours away from a martial victory over the previous regime ruling over Menzoberranzan. Iymace had been driven into a mere few square blocks of city with only a handful of troops left at her disposal. The woman still posed some threat, but the delay in finishing her off came more from a standpoint of needing to take her alive. Queen Quenthel had managed to keep herself hidden throughout the revolt. If anyone knew where she was, it was Iymace. Beyond simple intelligence gathering, the military leader was a high priority target. Breaking her down and sentencing her to a painful demise would do wonders for the rebels, another notch on their victory belts. While Iymace spent her time futilely attempting to figure out a way to escape her certain defeat, Irae worked with the rebel military to come up with a sound strategy for snaring the woman.Nimor had other pressing matters to attend to. Those of a religious nature. With all the good fortune he’d met with over the last few weeks and victory well within sight, it seemed wise to cover any potential means of bad luck that could befall them. The Arachnid Caverns lay just outside of the city. The oversized spiders that dwelled within them were seen as lesser incarnations of the Spider Queen. There’d been a time in drow history when a great number of sacrifices had been made to the creatures, but now they were a less common affair, mostly reserved for undesirables in need of disappearing or the occasional young drow too stupid to know better than to wander into the caverns. In the past, sacrifices had typically been male. And while Nimor’s personal deity – Vhaeraun – had no love for the Spider Queen, he suspected the lesser god would appreciate the sacrifice he had put together for the arachnids. Lolth would be satisfied with whatever blood was shed in her name. Vhaeraun would look favorably on the rise of a male to power in drow society and the decision to sacrifice a clutch of women to his mother’s pets.Nimor and the group of guards he’d enlisted to help him escort the batch of sacrifices did not dare enter the caverns. They prodded the line of enslaved drow females along, forcing them into the dark passages with the knowledge that none of them would ever return. The bulk of the sacrifices were made up of the women too broken to provide entertaining executions, or too undesirable to make decent slaves, but there were one or two prime cuts of female flesh in the mix. Those diamonds amongst the coal were meant as the true gifts to the gods. The rest were simply garnish. The giant spiders did not care about the quality of their victims, but they were quite excited at the quantity of them.One of the diamonds, Dhaunafay Arkenviir, had spent the bulk of her life in luxury. Her voluptuous, soft figure made that obvious. She’d been a private performer for Queen Quenthel. When the queen had abandoned her castle, Dhaunafay had been left behind. She’d put up no fight when the rebels had stormed her home. Even knowing what lay in wait within the Arachnid Caverns, she went along without incident. She did manage a rather impressive scream when she saw one of the massive spiders descend from the ceiling above her. Dhaunafay was pulled into the arachnid’s clutches, sticky webbing binding her with even more firmness than the rusty manacles around her wrists. Carried up to the ceiling and left suspended, she had a clear view of the horrors transpiring within the caverns.Lyberra Rhomdossz was one of the coal. She was older, but age had not diminished her beauty. Her life as a soldier, on the other hand, had taken a toll on her. Her dark skin was marred with a myriad of scars, including one that crossed her face from the top of her forehead down across one eye and curving along her cheek. She’d been allowed to keep her eyepatch, only because the vacant pit where her right eye had been before the wound unnerved the men who’d had their fun raping her before she’d been picked to be a sacrifice. As she watched the women around her being snatched up by the spiders, hauled off to become food or deposits for the creatures’ eggs, a spark of her warrior spirit managed to stir within her.She broke away from the group, darting deeper into the spider lair. Escaping the cavern was her primary goal, but she needed some way of fighting her way through the men guarding the entrance. Her eye shifted from side to side, searching for some kind of weapon. With her hands bound in front of her, defending herself would be tricky but not impossible. Lyberra breathed a sigh of relief, tried to block out the sounds of screams surrounding her, as she spotted a broken length of bone several feet away. She hurried for the bone, bending forward to scoop it into her hands. Lyberra turned, ready to slash and stab her way to freedom. Instead, she let loose with her own scream, joining the symphony of suffering surrounding her as a spider – small compared to some of the others – leapt at her.The weight of the spider forced Lyberra to the ground. She managed to angle the broken bone away so that it wouldn’t plunge into her body. She jerked it upwards with all the strength she had, managing to pierce the spider’s underside. The thing let out a high-pitched chittering shriek into her face before stretching its mandibles wide and sinking its fangs into her neck. The pain of the penetration hit her first. She clenched her jaw and rammed the bone deeper into the spider, skewering it as it unleashed a fatal dose of venom into her veins. Lyberra managed to pierce something vital within the spider. The creature let out a shudder before slumping into death on top of her. Even if the ex-soldier had the strength to lift the carcass off of her, she lacked the time. The venom was already ravaging her from within, preparing her as a tasty snack for whatever spider happened upon her next.Lyberra’s body shuddered and jerked beneath the corpse of her arachnid killer. Bloody foam spewed from her sputtering lips as her innards were broken down into a nutrient-rich slop. Thick blood leaked from her asshole and cunt, dribbled form her nostrils and leaked from her solitary eye like crimson tears. The hollow pit of her missing eye became clogged with the slop before it managed to ooze from the edges of her eyepatch. She lived several minutes longer than the spider that had attacked her, but they were minutes spent in excruciating agony until enough of her inner workings had dissolved to finally bring her life to an end. The spider carcass was dragged off of the woman’s body, dragged off to become another meal for the hive. The creatures had no qualms about cannibalism. By that time, Lyberra’s body had become a swollen sack of juicy fluids, a ready feast for the spiders as they sank their fangs into her and proceeded to slurp up her liquified organs.Dhaunafay had seen the ex-soldier’s attempted escape. She’d seen the spider creeping up on her before the fatal attack. But she’d not been in any position to call out and warn the woman. Her spider captor had positioned itself behind her. A fleshy proboscis extended from the arachnid’s abdomen, curling around and sheathing itself within the dancer’s cunt. Dhaunafay wailed as thick rubbery eggs were pumped into her writhing form, squeezed into her uterus. She’d never had a fighter’s physique, but she’d always taken pride in her body. Watching as her stomach deformed, bulging awkwardly out, sickened her more than the knowledge that she was being stuffed full of the unhatched offspring of the monster violating her.With dozens of eggs crammed into her reproductive system, the spider withdrew its proboscis from Dhaunafay’s sex. It repositioned itself slightly before driving forward again, stretching her asshole open. The drow dancer wailed as more eggs were stuffed into her bowels, thoroughly plugging her ass and sliding deeper along her intestinal tract. Her belly expanded to obscene proportions. She’d never entertained the notion of having a child, too worried about what the process would do to her body. The insanity tickling its way through her mind told her she’d made the right choice as she looked down at what was being done to her. There was no way she would ever be able to recover her flawless physique, even if she wasn’t destined to die as the spider’s offspring hatched and ate their way through her.To Dhuanafay’s left and right, she saw other women suspended as she was, each of their bodies equally filled with eggs. Some of the women screamed wildly, bulging eyes filled with panicked madness. Others appeared to be passed out. Maybe dead. She certainly felt as if she could die as her skin stretched taut, the internal pressure of her body driven to the limits of what it could handle. She watched as one screaming woman’s head was engulfed in the massive maw of her spider rapist. With a wet crunch, the spider bit down, ending the woman’s screams and reducing her head into a gory pulp. Blood and thick chunks of brain and bone splattered into the dead drow’s cleavage before sliding away to plop to the floor below. The gruesome sight was enough to make Dhaunafay puke. She choked as she retched, feeling a solid lump of something squeezing its way up her throat. She stared in sickened horror as one of the many eggs that had been pushed into her plopped from her stretched lips. The fleshy sack bounced off her left breast before spinning its way to the ground, smashing open against a rock.Dhaunafay’s head spun, vision going grey. As the spider finished filling her body with eggs, she slumped in the webbing, passing out. The pain of the spiders hatching inside her would draw her back to consciousness, but only for the short span of time it took the baby spiders to chew away enough of her innards to kill her.The battle for Menzoberranzan was over. The bodies of drow littered the streets, more women than men. Rebels cheered wildly as Iymace Kilduis was led from the building she’d been holding out in, shackled and beaten. The woman maintained a proud defiance as the rabble surrounding her hurled chunks of rotten food at her. They’d made her watch as the last two soldiers she’d had under her command were violently raped and hacked to pieces. Now she was treated to what had become of the rest of the city while she’d been waging her losing war against the revolt. The journey to the rebellion’s command took her past several points where she’d mounted defenses and attacks. She recognized far too many faces lying dead in the streets, soldiers and friends.As she approached the house Irae and Nimor had taken over as their command post, she spotted yet another familiar face on one of the balconies. Quarril Melrret had been a reliable captain in her forces. Now the woman looked like some common whore, bent over the balcony railing as her master took her from behind. Drool leaked from the uniquely crafted mouth gag stuffed into her lips. Iymace’s eyes met Quarril’s, but the military leader saw no hint of horror in the captain’s expression, only acceptance. And pleasure. The sight sickened Iymace. The thought that even one woman in her army had given in to the rebellion, had decided to go along with their twisted notions of what drow society should be, disappointed her deeper than her failure.Iymace knew they would not kill her. Not until she gave them the precious knowledge tucked away in her head. It was her last chance at victory. As she was led into the house, the military leader made a solemn vow to herself. No matter what was done to her, she would not give up the queen’s location. She would find a way to anger them enough into killing her, or she would find a way to kill herself, before that happened. One last mission to go on. The most important mission of her life. She intended to see it through to the end.Iymace had not anticipated just how well Irae and Nimor had planned for her eventual arrival. While they’d kept their roles in the rebellion largely concealed, they’d had no shortage of information on their adversaries. As such, they’d designed a means of torture for Iymace that was guaranteed to keep her off guard and uncertain of what she would have to deal with next. It all began rather obviously. A mass rape. They’d recruited particular individuals to take part in the event, although – from Iymace’s perspective – it would seem like the whole of the rebellion was being allowed to torment her body for their own pleasure. The selection process was an important aspect. It kept any potential psychotics out of the mix, those that would disobey orders in the heat of the moment and kill the woman. Beyond that, a preference was given to the drow males with the largest members, to maximize Iymace’s discomfort.Iymace had anticipated being raped from the moment she’d fallen into the rebellion’s clutches. The process of having her various holes stretched around one massive cock after the next as far from pleasant, but she could tolerate it. Maybe not forever, but certainly long enough to buy Queen Quenthel the time she needed to escape the city. Those arrangements had already been made. Iymace had hoped to hold out a bit longer before her capture, to continue being the visible distraction Quenthel needed to escape Menzoberranzan undetected. As far as backup plans went, being forced to endure one rough penetration after the next was hardly what Iymace would call ideal, but she was a soldier, and she would do her duty, regardless of what it meant for her.Iymace disconnected from reality, took the hard fuckings like the professional she was. Every load of hot cum pumped into her felt like it was getting her one step closer to her victory. She found a particular appreciation for the men who took forever to get off. They wasted time that was precious to everyone but Iymace. It was only at the end of the military leader’s lengthy rape session that Irae brought out the first of many surprises. Iymace did a poor job of hiding the shocked disdain from her face as Quarril was brought in. The captain-turned-slave wore a harness, a thick fake cock fashioned out of tanned leather swayed in front of her. At her master’s command, Quarril moved in and pushed the head of the fake phallus into Iymace’s aching, gaping asshole.Ramming deep into the woman who’d commanded her such a short time ago, Quarril found her mind twisting to see the rebellion’s point of view. She recalled all the times Iymace had ordered her around, badgered her for not being perfect in her execution of certain tactics, talked down to her in front of her unit. Being afforded the freedom to fuck the once high and mighty bitch left her mind tickled with a perverse satisfaction. The promise that if she gave the commander a properly hard fucking, Atomph would finally remove her gag only inspired her further. She clutched at one of Iymace’s tits, yanking hard on her nipple as she bucked into the woman’s rear. She didn’t hide how much fun she was having from her former commander. Seeing just how much her enjoyment bothered Iymace only amused her further.When the rape session finally came to an end, Iymace was hauled down to the house’s basement where a cell had been prepared for her. It was dark, dank, and completely isolated. They left her there, untouched. Iymace had silently chastised the rebellion for such a stupid plan. Making her wait to be tortured and raped again only benefited her. But the darkness was thick. And lonely. It didn’t take long for the isolation to eat away at her. Her captors had been careful, removing any opportunities for her to harm herself from the cell. She only had to wait, but she had no means of determining how long she’d been in the cell. The lack of toilet forced her to choose where in the darkness she would attend to her biological processes. That paired with the meals she was given – made up of some kind of slop that she desperately hoped was not made from the leftovers of dead drow meat – reinforced the feeling that she’d been reduced to some low beast.After being trapped in the cell for what felt like months, Iymace’s mental fortitude had weakened to the point that she was ready for the next stage of her torture. Pulled form her cell, she looked little like the proud soldier she’d been on the day of her capture. The light burned her eyes as she was led upstairs and out onto a balcony that overlooked the streets. The same balcony she’d seen Quarril being fucked on. Her eyes slowly adjusted to life in the light again, but she was left with a pounding migraine spearing into her overtaxed brain. She looked out at what had become of the city during her isolation. There were still signs of the revolt littering the streets, but it appeared as if life was settling into the new regime. Drow males strolled freely. Some of them led enslaved women along on leashes. She spotted a few scenes of public sex taking place, the males free to take their women as they desired.Iymace could see the town square from the balcony. Specifically, the execution arena that had been set up. She saw three of the four nooses were occupied. Two of the women were already dead. The third was still kicking and jerking at the end of her rope, but it looked like she was well on her way out. The changes to the city were startling, sickening, but it seemed to reinforce her belief that she’d been locked up for a long period of time. Surely, the queen had escaped the city. If she’d not, Iymace was certain she’d have been informed before being hauled out to the execution arena. The fact that she’d not been meant that – perhaps – she’d succeeded in her final mission.Then the guard at her side informed her of how long she’d actually been in the cell.Three days. Only three days.Something deep in Iymace’s mind snapped. Her passive face scrunched up, desperately trying to hold back the misery. She failed. The military commander dropped to her knees, leaning against the balcony as horrendous sobs poured from her. Behind her, in the room, Irae and Nimor shared a smile, knowing that the next stage of the woman’s torture was ready to start. It was time for them to bring in their second secret weapon.Grompf Baenre had been integral during the planning stages of the rebellion. His knowledge and connections had allowed Irae and Nimor to orchestrate the initial stage of the revolt, giving them the much needed edge to gain a fast and devastating upper hand over the Queen’s forces. Since then, he’d not engaged in much of the rebellion, satisfied to stand back and await the capture of his younger sister. With that goal within reach, he was more than happy to lend his assistance to breaking Iymace. He entered the room to find the woman waiting for him, stripped nude and bound to a chair. Various torture tools had been arranged on a table in front of her, misleading the woman into believing she was going to be suffering physically.Grompf had plans for the tools, but Iymace was not his victim. She was merely a means to that end. He dragged a second chair in front of the woman and sat across from her. It was clear she was still dazed, recovering from her time spent in isolation and the revelation that she’d not been kept in the dark nearly as long as she’d believed she was. Having known her before the rebellion, Grompf was surprised to see just how far she’d fallen in such a short period of time. She’d not even lifted her head when he’d come in, vacant eyes fixed on the tops of her thighs. Grompf cleared his throat. When that didn’t break through her daze, he spoke.“Hello, Iymace,” he called to her. The familiarity of his voice managed to cut through whatever haze was clouding her mind. She lifted her head, looked at him. Her brow furrowed, confusion in her eyes as she tried to work out if he was really there or if she’d somehow slipped so deep into madness that she’d begun to hallucinate. He offered the military leader a friendly smile. “It’s really me,” he assured her.Iymace struggled to speak. Her throat ached from disuse – beyond being the rape receptacle of several dozen pricks – but she managed to get the words out. “Wh-what are you doing here?” she asked, looking around the room, confirming they were alone. “Are you… did they capture you, too? Are you…” Her face sank as she realized the truth. “Oh, goddess, you’re a part of this, aren’t you? You had to be. They could never have pulled this off without you.” Iymace was proud. She managed to hold back the sobs, even if she failed to stop the tears from leaking down her cheeks. “How could you?”“There are things you don’t know, Iymace,” he told her. “Things that made this whole dreadful rebellion necessary. Your queen cares nothing for you. For her people. She only desires power.”Iymace shook her head. “That’s not true.”“It’s very true,” Grompf pressed firmly. “Where is she now as her kingdom suffers? So much bloodshed, so much death. Much of it could have been avoided if she’d simply surrendered.” He let out a cruel laugh. “But my sister will never do such a thing. She covets the throne too much to do that. She never told you what happened to her older sister, did she? No, she wouldn’t have. That is a secret she keeps from even her closest of advisors. Triel was destined to rule this city. Quenthel – spoiled bitch that she is – decided she’d be better at it. So she killed Triel. She murdered her sister in cold blood. All for power. If she could do that to her own blood, do you really think she cares for anyone else? She’s only interested in what they can do for her. Your suffering now to defend a woman who would gladly hand you over in a heartbeat if the positions were reversed. Does that really seem worth it to you?”Iymace didn’t want to believe Grompf’s accusations. She’d never known the man to lie before. Up until learning he’d helped to lead the rebellion, she’d even respected him. But as much as her mind struggled to deny what she was hearing, she could not banish the spark of doubt left in her heart. As the silence grew between them, Iymace made a decision. She didn’t care. She didn’t care what Quenthel had done or whether she was worthy of the sacrifices she’d made – would continue to make. She was a soldier and she had a duty. She would continue to obey that duty until she no longer drew breath. Her face firmed, head rose, a steely defiance seeping back into her eyes. “I will not tell you where she is,” she growled.Grompf sighed as he rose from his seat, feigning disappointment. He’d seen the struggle on her face before she’d returned to her resolute defiance. That was all he needed. His part in Iymace’s breaking as complete. He left the room without offering her another word.Another night spent in darkness. Iymace spent the bulk of it cultivating her newfound hatred for Grompf. The man was a traitor. Despite whatever crimes Queen Quenthel had committed, the atrocities she’d witnessed at the hands of the rebellion were far worse. That’s what she kept telling herself to beat back the selfishness eating away at her, the doubt. Lingering what ifs plagued her. How many young women had she led to their deaths in her attempt to save the city from invasion from within? If she’d ordered her troops to lay down their arms from the start, could the outcome have been different? Would the rebels have been satisfied with the queen in exchange for the safety of the soldiers? Iymace tried to tell herself that it no longer mattered. Things had gone too far to change anything. All she could do was continue to follow the course she’d set and hope that, in the grand scheme of things, it meant something.The guard seemed particularly amused when he came for her the next morning. “We’ve got a surprise for you, honey,” he informed her as he hauled her out of the cell and back upstairs. The balcony awaited her, as did Irae and Nimor. They seemed just as amused as the guard. It worried Iymace.Did they find the queen? Did I hold out for nothing?“For a woman of power, you do like your privacy, don’t you, Iymace?” Irae asked, face splitting into a wide grin. “I’m impressed, actually. It’s not easy for a woman in your position to keep a pregnancy hidden. Perhaps you were ashamed, or you simply could not allow such a trivial thing as motherhood to get in the way of your duty?” Irae laughed openly as she saw the blood draining from Iymace’s shocked face. “Tell me, as you were leading your troops from one failure of a battle to the next, did you ever even try to send word to your daughter? To try and get her out of the city? Or did your loyalty to the queen cloud your sense of duty to your own blood?” She offered a dismissive wave of her hand. “It hardly matters. What does matter is that we’ve found her for you.”Iymace’s body was numb as she was led out onto the balcony, her eyes directed to the execution arena. The groan of horror that droned past her lips sounded unlike any sound she’d made in her life. The groan shifted into a single word, her daughter’s name. “Imva.” She’d not laid eyes on her daughter in years, since delivering her into the custody of the priestesses to be raised. Her daughter had grown into a beautiful young woman. It made seeing her standing on the gallows with a noose around her throat all the harder to witness. Iymace had never felt a motherly instinct before, even when she’d been holding her newborn daughter to her lactating nipple. In the confusion and struggle of the unexpected revolt, she’d not offered the young woman even a single thought. Iymace had tasted many forms of failure over the course of her life. None of them stung as badly as the neglect she’d shown her daughter.“You want the queen,” she gasped, tears blurring her eyes. “I’ll give her to you. Whatever you wish. Just, please, let Imva go. She’s done nothing to you, she’s not a threat.”Irae nodded, lifting a hairless eyebrow. “We’re waiting.”Iymace unleashed the precious information she had. She let them know where Queen Quenthel had been hiding, the plans of her escape from the city, the route she’d be taking, the names of the advisors she had with her, anything, everything. The words came out fast and occasionally jumbled, not wanting to delay for even an instant in fear that Irae would consider it a sign that she was holding something back. When she ran out of information to give, she let out a deep breath, seeming to deflate. Her shoulders slumped, head drooping. Whatever relief she felt was soured with the knowledge that she’d failed her final mission as a soldier. The only solace she could find was that perhaps she’d won her first victory as a mother.“Thank you,” Irae said with a smile before turning to the town square. She lifted her hand and signaled Ilmdus to proceed with the execution.Iymace’s heart sank, body jolting to attention. “No!” she cried out, but there was nothing to be done but watch as Ilmdus tugged the lever releasing the trap door beneath her daughter’s feet. Ivma’s body dropped and Iymace felt a sick sense of pride that her daughter did not scream as death rushed to greet her. The rope snapped rigid. The sound of Ivma’s neck snapping cut across the air, deafeningly loud in Iymace’s ears. She watched as her body danced about awkwardly at the end of the rope. But even from a distance, she could see no life in her eyes. The spasms were nothing more than twitches of death. The applause from the gathered crowd sickened her. She made an attempt to throw herself at Irae, wanting to tackle the woman over the balcony, not caring if she smashed her skull open on the street below if it meant taking the pale-skinned bitch with her.The guard at Iymace’s side responded quickly, cracking his fist across the back of her head. The broken military leader collapsed to the floor, her desire for vengeance stolen from her. She clutched her arms to her belly, remembering what it had felt like as Ivma had grown within her womb and releasing pathetic wails of misery.Irae enjoyed the sight of the woman’s suffering. “Don’t worry, my dear,” she told Iymace. “You’ll be joining your dead daughter soon enough.”With the knowledge of Queen Quenthel’s location, as well as her plans to escape Menzoberranzan, it was a simple matter of assisting the woman in her attempt. To a certain point. Grompf was particularly found of the idea of allowing his sister to believe that she would succeed in her escape attempt, only to swarm her small party of advisors at the last moment. The plan went off without incident. The small unit of soldiers Iymace had assigned to guard the queen were dispatched outright. Quenthel and the trio of advisors she’d kept at her side during the revolt were captured. The rebellion had succeeded. Now it was simply a matter of enjoying the spoils of their victory. The advisors were taken away to be groomed into a new life of sexual servitude under the guidance off Nimor. Quenthel was delivered into the waiting clutches of Irae and Grompf.After several weeks spent on the run and in hiding, Queen Quenthel returned to her castle. But it was no longer her castle. Grompf had little interest in sharing his revenge on his sister. “They can do what they like with the scraps,” he’d said in response to Irae’s suggestion of letting the people have some fun with the woman. “Until then, she’s mine.”Irae had no problems with Grompf’s demands, but she did insist on having a front row seat. Organizing and leading a rebellion had been stressful work. She was in desperate need of some entertainment. The albino’s presence did not bother Grompf, so he agreed to her request. Quenthel’s bedroom had a stunning view of the city, but he passed on it being the venue for his revenge, instead choosing Triel’s room. The room where, many years ago, Quenthel had murdered her sister would make an appropriate cell for her final days of life, as far as the man was concerned.Iymace was a vacant shell. Aesthetically, she looked little different than she had on the morning the rebellion had started. One glance at her face, into her eyes, was all it took to see the full extent of the loss she’d suffered in that short span of time. She’d have been a perfect candidate for becoming another slave to sell off if her fate had not already been sealed. Just because she’d ultimately failed in her quest of defending the city did not mean she’d not taken more than a few lives in the process. Having the woman publicly executed for her crimes would provide a significant boost in morale to the victorious rebels. Besides, on the off chance Iymace ever managed to work through her grief, she’d make for a potential problem if she were allowed to live.Ilmdus chuckled as he tugged Iymace up onto the stage. The shock the woman suffered reminded him of the rookie soldier he’d hung a while back. The fact that this woman had been the leader of the city’s military forces made her mental shattering all the more amusing, not to mention shameful. “Heard you were supposed to be some kind of tough bitch,” he remarked. “Fought against us right to the bitter end.” He noticed Iymace’s eyes fixed on the gallows, on one empty noose in particular. “Ah, I see,” he laughed. “You’re remembering your daughter. The sound of her neck snapping against the rope. I saw them haul you off before you really got to see the show. You should be proud. The crowd enjoyed that bitch’s corpse quite a bit. Spent the bulk of the day fucking her. Lost track of her after a while. Who knows where that body wound up? Probably rotting in some ditch somewhere.”He watched the tears fall from Iymace’s eyes, still fixed on the empty noose. He grabbed hold of her chin, forced her to look at him. “And she was just some bitch to them. Imagine what they’ll do to your body once I’m finished with you. Too bad that body’s long gone. You two could’ve shared some mother-daughter time.” He grinned, savoring her misery. “But who knows? Maybe you’ll wind up in the same ditch.” He lowered his hand, tracing his thick finger across the front of Iymace’s throat. “Of course, even in death, you’ll never lay eyes on your daughter again. Your demise has been left for me to design. But afterwards, there’s plans in store for that lovely head of yours.”With a large crowd gathered and eager to witness the demise of the military leader, Ilmdus decided the time for one-sided conversations was over. Iymace was a prominent figure, one of the highest authorities in the fallen kingdom of Queen Quenthel’s rule. As such, she fit the executioner’s qualifications for a bitch worthy of feeling his glorious cock. Ripping free the codpiece concealing his manhood, he basked in the wild cheers the audience let loose with. He pushed his hips forward, shaking the thick slab of meat between his legs at them as he forced Iymace onto her knees in front of him. Even after the numerous rapes she’d endured since her capture and the daze of grief clouding her mind, the woman still possessed enough coherence to stare in horrified awe at the size of the prick being presented to her. Her fear grew as she watched the executioner’s cock stiffen before her. The fact that the man did not need to touch his member to stir it to arousal, or push even touch it against her soft skin, further frightened her.“I’m sorry,” Iymace muttered, fresh tears breaking loose from her eyes as she watched the method of her death rising before her. “I’m sorry, my queen. I’m sorry, Imva. I… I never meant for this. For any of this.” She let her eyes slip closed, unable to bear staring at the throbbing erection bobbing in front of her face any longer. “Please, forgive m-urrk!” Her plea for forgiveness was cut off as Ilmdus gripped her by the throat, chocking off her words and forcing her mouth to gape open. Discomfort blossomed across the woman’s face as her jaw stretched painfully to accept the daunting girth of the executioner’s cock. He kept a firm grip on her throat as he fed his thick shaft down her throat, pulling her close to his crotch.Iymace’s wrongful assumption that she was to be shamefully face-fucked before her end came to an end several long moments after Ilmdus finished pushing the full length of his member down her gullet. Her bulging eyes stared up at the man, terror sparking in them as she realized this was her execution. Ilmdus was not fucking her face, he was smothering her with his rigid flesh, forcing her to choke her way to a slow death around his erection. The muscles of her throat constricted around him, creating a tighter seal to please him as she gagged endlessly around his girth. Living her life as a soldier, she’d carried out orders she was not proud of, but she’d always tried to maintain some degree of honor. She’d never imagined her life coming to an end that was not violent in some way. But she’d always hoped that when that death came – even an execution – it would be as honorable as the life she’d tried to live. This end held no honor.Tears stung her eyes, drool spraying from her stretched lips as she hacked around Ilmdus’s erection. The gurgling deep in her throat was not the sound of a proud woman, only a desperate bitch straining to go on living. His grip around her throat choked off whatever ability she might have had to suck down air through the cramped passage. He held her tightly enough that she couldn’t even submit to him sexually, make an attempt to suck him to completion before death claimed her. She could only squat on the stage before him, mere feet away from where her daughter had died, and suffer for the amusement of her executioner, for the cheering crowd watching.Iymace’s body writhed before her murderer, sweat drenching her bare flesh. Foamy drizzles of her slobber coated the tops of her jiggling tits. Her struggles grew less coordinated as asphyxiation ravaged her mind. Muscular spasms crept through her body. The wet gurgling pouring out of her grew more urgent. The already dark complexion of her face grew darker, nostrils flaring and bulging eyes rolling back. Ilmdus didn’t so much as shift his hips as the woman suffered before him. The spastic convulsions of her throat felt wonderful. If he’d not been holding back, he’d have poured a thick load of jizz into her already. He’d gladly do so once she was done. But this was not sex. It was legally sanctioned murder.The disgraced military leader’s movements settled down, but did not come to an end, as the lack of fresh oxygen sent her tumbling towards brain death. Ilmdus did not cum. He did not release his grip on the bitch’s throat. He could see nothing but the whites of her eyes as they rolled so far back into her skull. Her bound hands jerked up, fingers pressing against the tops of his knees. Her fingernails dug in, scratching at him as her body instinctively kept fighting to live. They slipped away, dropping down against her belly as what was surely a death rattle vibrated against the throbbing length of his member. He still held back. He took his job seriously, both as an execution and as an entertainer. Iymace’s arms shot up again, fingers clawing at his legs for a few more moments before dropping back down. Her ass pushed back before her hips shot forward, sputtering gags creeping up her cock-stuffed gullet as her body went through a series of fuck-motions. Her crotch finally sank towards the stage, piss erupting from her crotch and pooling across the stained wood beneath her.With nothing more than the occasional death spasm rolling through Iymace’s body, Ilmdus felt confident enough to release his grip on her bruised throat. It bulged from the cock wedged down it. The most observant of the crowd were able to spot the moment the executioner allowed his pent-up climax to overtake him, seeing the bulging flesh of Iymace’s throat pulsing with each powerful spurt of jizz he fired off into her. Iymace remained propped on her knees, face buried into her killer’s crotch, nose hidden in the thick patch of wiry pubic hair as her drool-soaked chin rested against Ilmdus’s swollen testicles. The executioner finished draining his balls into the dead drow, basking in the waves of pleasure rushing through him as well as the crowd’s cheers. When he finished, he gripped Iymace’s head and went about the surprisingly difficult task of working her locked up throat off of his spent prick. With a pop and a long slurp, he withdrew from her gaping mouth. Iymace’s head rolled back as it came free from Ilmdus’s dick, jaw hanging open awkwardly as a backwash of spunk flowed past her lips.Now that Iymace had finished giving him some head, it was time for Ilmdus to take some.“This is absurd,” Quenthel Baenre declared.Grompf agreed, although he suspected he was thinking of something other than his younger sister. The absurdity from his point of view had to do with the fact that it appeared that Quenthel was more annoyed by the loss of her clothing than the loss of her kingdom. And even then, it appeared as if she considered both losses to be mere inconveniences instead of the life changing – soon-to-be life ending – experiences they truly were. “It’s all your own doing, sister,” he told her, eyes lingering on her exposed flesh as he worked his hand around his cock. “If you weren’t you, if you’d not done what you’d done, this would not be happening. I want you to keep that in your mind throughout all of what’s about to come. You did this. You made this necessary.”Quenthel rolled her eyes but did not offer her older brother even a brief glance. Despite the stimulation of his hand, his cock remained only semi-erect. His desire to rape her did not come from a place of lust or even sexual attraction. It seemed to be an effective method of showing her that whatever power she’d possessed had been taken from her. The fact that they were related was not the primary cause of Grompf’s inability to get hard. The perversity of incest did not interest him the way it seemed to interest others, but he had no trouble acknowledging the physical beauty his sister’s body possessed. The problem was his hatred of Quenthel. Looking her over, he saw only the bitch who’d killed Triel. And while forcing himself on her seemed like a well-earned bit of revenge – and something he very much would accomplish – it made preparing for the act more troublesome than he would have liked.Grompf came to the conclusion that he was simply focusing too hard on the matter. There were other means of showing Quenthel how far she’d fallen, and other means of putting his body into a state of excitement. Rising from the foot of the bed, he strode across the room. He glanced towards Irae, seeing that she was content to watch the scene play out before her. The sight of her eerie white flesh – so uncommon for a drow – exposed to him sent a twitch through his dick, especially as he watched the woman’s hands leisurely tracing along the curves of her breasts. She lifted a hairless eyebrow towards him, lifting her head to give him a look that seemed to offer him the use of her body if that’s what he required to get things moving. As tempting an offer as it was, Grompf had other plans.The drow male procured his sword from his discarded clothing and gear. He asked the guard standing between Quenthel and the door for his weapon. He carried both back to his sister, chucking the guard’s sword at her feet. “You want a chance to end this?” he asked. “You’ve not killed anyone personally since Triel. I think it’s time for you to get your hands dirty again. You’ve certainly had plenty of time and plenty of tutors to show you how to wield it. Let’s see what you’ve learned.” Grompf would have been concerned – the skill of the swordplay masters Quenthel had hired to train her were well known – but he knew his sister was far from the best student. Her arrogance had kept her from picking up much more than the basics, insisting that she knew how to protect herself and that the training was a waste of time. She’d used her influence and riches to make it through the training sessions more than her physical prowess.If she’d been a wise ruler, Quenthel would not have picked up the sword. But even dethroned and stripped, her arrogance persevered. She snatched up the long blade and turned to face her brother. “If I’d known what a problem you’d turn out to be, I’d have slit your throat before Triel’s,” she grumbled, giving her weapon a few testing swipes before settling into a fighting stance. The stance did little more than accentuate her figure. It was nothing a true warrior would use. Quenthel didn’t know that. She didn’t care. She only cared that she looked good with a sword in her hand. “First, I’ll run you through. Then I’ll carve up that white-skinned whore. You’re a fool for giving me this opportunity, brother.”Grompf ignored her words, waited for her to make the first move. It was a sloppy swipe, overextended and far too easy to predict. He smacked her blade to the side, smirking as he saw her struggle to maintain her grip on the weapon. If he wished to – and if she’d been more open to teaching – he saw several easy suggestions to improve her form. But that wasn’t the point of the fight. With her sword knocked out to the side, he stepped in close to her. Keeping his sword positioned to block whatever attempts she made to slash or stab at him, he clenched his fist and brought it forward. His knuckles slammed into Quenthel’s slender belly, knocking the air from her lungs with a heavy gasp. The clatter of metal against stone signaled the dropping of her sword. Instead of retreating or bringing her arms up to defend herself, the former queen twisted to the side and bent to retrieve her weapon. Grompf showed her what a mistake that was as his fist rose and connected with her cheek. She cried out, body spinning away from him from the force of the blow.The fight was short and as disappointing as he’d imagined it would be, but the brief bit of combat was enough to stir him to a full erection. He lifted a leg and planted his foot against his sister’s ass, kicking out hard enough to send her stumbling out onto the balcony attached to the bedroom. He hastily advanced on her, shoving her up against the stone railing. One arm looped around her waist, tugging her lower half back towards him. The tip of his member prodded against her perky buttocks. His other arm curled around her neck, hand gripping her by the jaw and forcing her to look out at Menzoberranzan. “Look at it,” he growled into her ear as he worked to position himself at the entrance of her dry cunt. “Look at all that’s been taken from you.”The city itself was only part of what Grompf wished her to see. The signs of change were dotted throughout the streets. But the biggest sign – the one he forced Quenthel to stare at – lined the path leading up to the castle. Wooden spikes, nearly every one topped with the severed head of a female drow. The displays had largely been made from higher profile women throughout the city. Many of them were known to Quenthel. Every one of the heads faced her, their visages constricted into frozen looks of horror and pain. Some of them were glazed in the creamy expulsions of who knew how many rapists. “Perhaps you think your general will come to save you,” Grompf whispered into her ear, reaching out to point to one of the spikes. “I’d give up on that if I were you.”Quenthel felt a cold dread stirring deep in her gut as she watched Iymace’s freshly preserved head being wedged onto the top of the spike. She’d known the woman had failed in her assigned task the moment she’d been captured, but seeing she’d been brought to a definitive end made it clear that the military leader would not be rallying anytime soon. It was enough to chip away at Quenthel’s resolve, but not nearly enough to break it. She’d been through more than Grompf gave her credit for. She’d even tasted death once. Her goddess had saved her from that fate, restored her. The ex-queen had no reason to think that something similar would not save her again. She cried out with discomfort and disgust as her brother’s thick member speared its way into her vulnerable snatch, stretching her walls and filling her fleshy canal.As he rammed his way into Quenthel’s body, feeling her squirming and listening to her whines of protest, Grompf knew he would not have a problem getting hard for the bitch again. He plunged into her cunt with hard strokes, designed to make her suffer more than give him pleasure. His fingers clamped around her dark nipples, yanking on them and twisting them. The semi-public venue of Quenthel’s violation drew the attention of some of the people in the streets. As he continued to ravage her, a crowd grew, cheering him on. “Think of it this way, sister,” he told her with a chuckle. “Your people may not love you, but they do love to watch you suffer. Does that satisfy your need of being worshipped?”Quenthel did not respond, but she was sickened to realize that, on some level, it did.Grompf’s desire to conduct the entirety of his sister’s torture and breaking single-handedly lasted for several long days. He beat Quenthel, raped her, demoralized her verbally, visited a myriad of tortures upon her flesh and mind. But even his stamina had its limits. In the end, his urge to see Quenthel suffer at any cost beat out his desire to be the woman’s sole tormentor. Irae was more than happy to lend her assistance, either working alongside Grompf when he allowed it, or taking over for him entirely when he grew too tired to go on. It helped for him to think of her as another torture tool in his arsenal. Quenthel had spent no short portion of her time ensuring that Irae had been effectively shunned by the drow high society. Becoming the szarkai’s personal fuck toy did wonders to break down the former queen’s egotistical attitude.Stretched and bound spread-eagle across the bed, Quenthel couldn’t do much as Irae straddled her head. The albino drow brought her naturally hairless pussy down onto the ex-queen’s face, grinding her crotch against her. Irae giggled, cupping her tits as she bounced with rising speed on top of Quenthel’s head, smearing her hot juices across her scrunched-up face. With his cock too tired to rise to attention, Grompf added his own layer to the sexual torture as he lay between his sister’s widely spread legs, dragging his tongue through the folds of her cunt. The thought of giving Quenthel even a single spark of pleasure would have horrified him, except he knew that the bitch hated the sensation even more. Getting off on her brother’s tongue while she was forced to drink down the orgasmic fluids of a lowly albino drow showed her just what a worthless cunt she was.With her hips gyrating through another orgasm, Irae leaned forward. Grompf lifted his head and planted his cunt honey-drenched lips against hers, sharing a deep kiss of passion borne from their shared pleasure of tormenting Quenthel. Grompf happily moved aside to allow Irae a turn at orally raping the ex-queen’s cunt. Sitting back, he watched the show taking place before him, feeling a renewed stirring in his overworked cock. When he was stiff again, he climbed onto the bed between Quenthel’s quivering thighs. Irae’s eyes lit up as she lifted her face to see the glorious erection. She moved forward, wrapping her soft lips around his girth and giving him a short bit of sucking before popping free to let him get at the real prize. She lifted herself back up into a squat, resuming her spirited bouncing atop Quenthel’s face as she rubbed a tit in one hand and flicked her stiff clit with the other, eyes fixed on Grompf’s member as it vanished into their captive’s unwilling hole.The unyielding metal of the manacles bit into the soft skin of Quenthel’s ankles as the weight of her body hung from them, left dangling upside down. Drool leaked from her stretched lips, wrapped around the rusted metal of the ring-gag keeping her mouth open. It oozed down her flushed face, leaving her skin glistening with a combination of slobber and sweat. A fake prick – molded from a particularly well-hung troll – stuffed her cunt to painful proportions. The wide base as well as a couple inches of its length protruded from her body, but the distinct bulge against her slender belly showed just how much of the daunting cock had been forced into her. Quenthel whined out in agony as a second, even more macabre sex toy was wedged into her asshole. She could hardly fathom how her captors had managed to obtain a replica of one of the giant spiders’ breeding proboscises. The tapered tip entered her rear with far too much ease, thanks to the blend of her brother’s cum and the baking grease that had been fucked and fingered into the tight orifice to appropriately lubricate her. The proboscis thickened as it went along, each increase in size marked with a distinct bubble-like bulge. Quenthel’s tight ring of muscle strained more and more as she was forced to take each of the bulbs into her body. By the time the penetration concluded, she swore she could feel the tip of the thing tickling around inside her stomach.With their torture doll’s ass stuffed full of monstrous cock, Irae gave Grompf a grin and a nod, stepping back from Quenthel’s suspended form. The whip he wielded was not as cruel as the one the executioner used. There were no barbs to claw through Quenthel’s flesh, but he put enough force into his strikes to leave painful welts across his sister’s back. She screamed through her ring-gag, shifting wildly within her bindings as he lashed. He spared no inch of her backside, but he made sure to pay particular attention to her stunning ass cheeks, knowing just how proud his sister had been of the mounds of meat. The welts would heal eventually, leaving behind little – if any – sign of the abuse, but the mental scarring he was whipping into her would remain. Even after the physical pain faded, she’d no doubt continue to wince any time her posterior was so much as brushed up against.When he finished whipping Quenthel, Irae helped him to roll the bondage contraption out onto the balcony. The audience – it waned and swelled depending on the time of day – was ever-present. Their former queen’s upper half was hidden behind the cover of the stone railing, but they had no trouble seeing her thoroughly welted buttocks and the oversized dildos wedged into her cunt and asshole. They left her out there for the rest of the day and much of the night. Between the extensive abuse and the blood rushing to her head, she faded in and out of consciousness while Grompf and Irae took the time to explore one another’s bodies, not bothering to keep the sounds of their passionate fucking down.Breaking Quenthel down from the conceited cunt of a queen she’d been into the soul-shattered whore Grompf wished her to become was a slow process. There were days when it seemed like there was little of her spirit left to snuff out, only for him to spot that flicker of haughty pride in her eyes. But the process of endless rape and torture was having an effect. Quenthel was exhausted, sleeping for only minutes at a time, usually fucked or beaten into passing out before being roused from her much needed slumber. Lack of rest and malnourishment was enough to diminish her beauty, although she was still quite striking compared to many other drow women left in the city. Still, the pride Quenthel took in her appearance made her waning good looks a particularly useful torture tool. After a week of abuse, Grompf brought a full-length mirror into the bedroom. He forced his sister to stand before it, to look at herself and what had been done to her. He watched the tears rising in her eyes, sparkling there, before breaking free to leak down her cheeks. Then a low whine started at the back of her throat. The volume and pitch of the whine rose until finally exploding into a pathetic wailing. She tried to collapse to her knees as her sobs overtook her, but Grompf tightened his grip on her arms, forcing her to remain standing.Grompf kept her standing there, basking in the misery of what had become of her once gorgeous form, until Irae returned to the room with the specially prepared meal they’d concocted for her. The bowl frothed with the combination of their various orgasmic fluids. She set the bowl on the floor at the foot of the bed and stood beside it with a cruel grin plastered across her face. “Come along, bitch,” she called to Quenthel. “You need to eat if you’re ever going to put some weight on those skinny bones.”Releasing her, Grompf watched his sister slump down onto her knees before him. Her gaze turned from her reflection to the perverse meal she’d been given. Grompf and Irae shared a laugh as the once proud woman dropped onto her hands and knees and crawled towards the bowl. She lowered her face to the blend of jizz and cunt honey, extending her tongue and dragging it through the thick soup. They watched as Quenthel’s remaining ego was broken before them, seeing the resistance of her laps become eager slurps as she accepted the meal, desperate to do anything she could to restore her beauty. Her face was smeared with cum and juices by the time she finished, face pressed fully into the now empty bowl as she dragged her tongue across the smears left behind, doing her best to clean up every last drop of the substance.Grompf tugged Irae into his embrace, reaching down to cup a hand around the albino’s plump buttocks as they watched the former queen willingly debasing herself. They did not need to exchange words to know that their task was nearing its end. They’d shown Quenthel what she truly was. The time had come for her to die.“This is where it all started for us,” Grompf said to Quenthel as he positioned himself behind her on the bed. She had her head low and her ass lifted towards him, miserable but well aware of her place in life. “How long did you plot taking her life?” he asked. “How long until you worked up the nerve to follow through with your terrible plan? Even back then, you were nothing more than a coward. You crept into her bedroom while she slept. You didn’t even know whether the dagger you wielded was sharp enough or not. You simply assumed it would be. But it wasn’t. It was tougher than you expected to cut Triel’s throat. But that didn’t stop you. Even when her eyes snapped open and stared up at you in the dark, begging for mercy, begging for answers, you didn’t stop cutting until the deed was done. It was a sloppy kill, but you managed to cover your tracks well enough, framing that guard for the act, making it look as if he’d fancied Triel and that she’d denied his interest. An act of passion on the part of a madman. The love letters you forged in his handwriting were quite well done, but that was where your skill ended. Your attempt to dispose of your bloody clothing was far more in line with your arrogance. Did you not think they would be found? Or perhaps you didn’t think anyone could tell the clothing belonged to you? But I had no trouble recognizing that tattered apparel, even if I hadn’t already known the truth about you.” He sank his erection into his sister’s asshole, pushing slowly but firmly as he entered her from behind.“Which makes this all very fitting, doesn’t it?” he asked.Quenthel responded with a pained groan as he fucked his full length up her ass. She’d been allowed the gift of clothing for her execution, but the tattered, blood-stained outfit she’d worn so many years ago as she’d carved open Triel’s throat did not fit nearly as well now. Neither Grompf nor Irae cared about how the clothing fit. Quenthel was beyond the point of raising any objections. Her will was broken, spirit crushed, little more than a pathetic receptacle for the myriad of abuses her captors wished to bestow upon her. She took her brother’s cock, listened to his words. But despite everything that had been done to her and just how low she’d been brought, Quenthel still felt no sympathy for her dead sister. The only difference was, she knew better than to advertise that fact, and she certainly knew better than to gloat about it. It may not have seemed like much, but the shift in personality was still enough to leave Grompf stunned. If he wished for his youngest sister to achieve some kind of redemption, she was likely on the path towards it. But he didn’t. He wanted revenge. He wanted to feel Quenthel’s life fade away, see the spark blink out of her eyes, watch her used up carcass further debased.And while true redemption might never have been a possibility, revenge was well within his reach.Grompf brought the silken cord around Quenthel’s throat. He’d considered slitting the bitch’s throat, letting her feel what Triel had felt, but had decided against it. His own pride would not allow him to use a dull knife and a sharp one would leave his sister dead for too quickly. The cord would allow him to control just how long Quenthel took to die. It would also allow her to experience some of what Triel had no doubt gone through in her final moments, choking on her own blood. He grinned as he felt his sister’s asshole tighten around his girth, startled by the sudden strangling. She ground her ass back against him, either trying to prove she was a loyal fuck-toy or doing a poor job of squirming away from him. He didn’t care which. He tugged the cord tighter around her throat, crushing her windpipe closed and listening to the desperate gurgles working their way past her lips.Irae lounged in a comfortably padded armchair at the foot of the bed. She had one leg draped over the arm of the chair, the other stretched out before her. One hand extended out to a small end table beside her, plucking grapes from a bowl and slipping them into her mouth. Her teeth crushed the small green balls, allowing the juices to dribble down her chin and across her bare breasts. Her other hand lay between her legs, stroking the folds of her cunt as she watched Quenthel being strangled. She moaned and writhed seductively in her seat, giving Grompf something nice to look at while he went about the satisfying task of snuffing his little sister. Irae would have liked to have taken a more direct role in the execution, but she’d seen just how much killing the bitch meant to the man. And she took a special kind of amusement from letting the bitch watch her pleasure herself, not lifting a finger to lend any assistance to her plight. It was a fitting bit of personal revenge for her, considering all of the times Quenthel had acted similarly when Irae had needed a favor.Grompf worked the cord with skilled dexterity, paying close attention to the movements of Quenthel’s body. He relented only for brief moments, allowing her just enough oxygen to stay conscious while prolonging her suffering. The tattered, stained clothing he’d made her ware became stuck to her skin as sweat poured out of her. Her muscles quivered and twitched as the ravages of asphyxiation tore through her. The broken queen’s anal muscles clenched and released around Grompf’s pumping girth, no doubt providing him far more of a passionate fuck than she’d ever felt the need to bestow upon any of her previous, willing lovers. Her breasts swayed beneath her as he fucked and strangled her, delighting in every strained whistle of air passing through her mostly constricted esophagus.Dark spots flared in Quenthel’s vision. Her bulging, bloodshot eyes appeared to be on the verge of shooting free from their sockets. Irae silently urged the gruesome act to take place, knowing that she would cum hard to the sight even as she cackled out her amusement. The pounding pressure in Quenthel’s oxygen-starved brain grew worse with each passing moment, but it never got bad enough to give Irae what she desired. Drool foamed past her stretched lips as the strangulation forced her body to experience shameful ecstasy, cunt honey leaking steadily from her untouched pussy and down the backs of her quaking thighs. Her dark complexion took on a purplish-crimson hue as muscle spasms crept through her face. Her bulging eyes rolled back, bloated tongue curling from her mouth and sliding about. She gripped the sheets beneath her, weakness oozing through her. Without the persistent pull of the cord around her throat, she’d have flopped face down into the bed.With an orgasm fast approaching, Grompf yanked hard on the cord, sealing his sister’s throat fully. The wheezes became wet clicks as she strained to suck down air. Panic exploded across her face as the realization that her goddess would not save her this time dawned on her. She found the strength to lift a hand from the bed, fingers clawing at the cord snuffing the life out of her. Her breasts bounced about wildly as her chest hitched, lungs seizing as the stale oxygen left trapped within them began to do more harm than good. The defeated queen’s struggles of panic shifted into the spastic convulsions of brain death as her strangling continued. The pleasure she’d felt became a burning agony as she pissed all over her brother’s swaying testicles, barely feeling the hot spray of his seed firing into her spasming bowels.Quenthel’s hand slipped limply away from her bruised throat, back down to the bedding. She fell into a series of uncoordinated twitches as her life blinked out. Grompf kept the cord tight around her neck until he finished draining his balls into her corpse. When he finally released his hold on it, Quenthel’s body flopped onto the bed, ass left perched in the air, still stuffed with her brother’s wilting member. A sloppy death rattle escaped her lips as her crushed throat opened up just enough to allow her final breath to exit her lifeless lungs. Popping his softening prick free of his sister’s gaping asshole, Grompf shoved her away from him and climbed off of the bed. He looked down on the corpse – in more ways than one – basking in the culmination of his revenge. Then he turned to Irae, finding her still fingering her wet slit to the sight of Quenthel’s body. He went to her, dropping to his knees before her and burying his face in her slippery crotch.With his vengeance satisfied, Grompf had no problem with allowing his sister’s carcass to make its way into the clutches of the denizens of Menzoberranzan. The dead queen’s body was paraded through the streets, with frequent stops for the masses to take out their frustrations on her. It had taken a violent rebellion, an utter upheaval of the way drow society worked, and nearly a week of personalized torture and rape for Quenthel, but she’d finally become a queen of the people. The passionate relationship Grompf and Irae had found as they’d shared their time abusing the woman faded after the object of their mutual distaste died. Much of Grompf’s bloodlust was sated. And Irae had other matters that stirred her interest.The partnership between Irae and Nimor had already accomplished great things, but neither was satisfied. Nimor’s thirst for domination and expanding the newly minted drow empire was rivaled by Irae’s much more personal desire to exact revenge on all those who’d slighted her. The drow in general still left a bitter taste in her mouth, but with every woman besides herself in Menzoberranzan either dead or enslaved, she decided that particular avenue had been thoroughly milked. Instead, her thoughts turned to the elves who’d originally banished the drow into the Underdark. The high and mighty elves on the surface were a juicy target, one that would not be easy to overthrow. They were just the sort of adversary Nimor desired. The pair began to concoct their next plan.

This is an especially brutal story, filled with torture, rape, and snuff. Be sure this is a thing you want to read before continuing. Merethyl Zumcyne awoke early the day life as she knew it was obliterated. She was a younger elf, still living with her parents, but the small town where she lived buzzed with how beautiful she’d become. Soon, she’d have to start entertaining the courtship process from potential mates. Despite her beauty, she was fairly certain what her future held. It was a farming town, and she’d likely become a farmer’s wife. Such a fate did not worry her. The farming life was ingrained into her, and she’d certainly had enough experience with what was required of a farmer’s wife thanks to her mother. It did not seem like a bad life. Simple, but pleasant. But she still had some time before she would have to go through with such things. Until then, she had every intention of enjoying the safety and convenience of life under her parent’s roof. With the scent of breakfast in the air and beams of sunlight creeping in through her bedroom window, Merethyl rose from her bed, stretching and yawning. Her full breasts pushed against the front of her thin nightie, nipples displayed prominently. She got to her feet, getting dressed with casual laziness. The day would be full of chores and duties around the farm, making her few moments of private tranquility all the more important. The young elf trotted out of her room and into the kitchen of her small but cozy family home. Her mother, Deulara, was putting the finishing touches on breakfast. Her sister, Tephysea, was at the table, waiting eagerly for the grub. Her father, Khidell, wasn’t there, most likely already out in the fields. Merethyl savored each bite of breakfast she took, marveling at how stunning a cook her mother was. She was still learning the woman’s techniques, getting quite skilled herself, but she doubted she’d ever approach the level of culinary skill Deulara possessed. She traded sniping comments with her sister throughout the meal. Tephysea was several years older than she was, but still a maiden. Her disinterest in men was a well-established fact and she’d made claims that she was training to become a priestess, but Merethyl suspected her sister simply wanted to loaf off of her parents for as long as possible. Still, the sniping was mostly in good humor. She could hardly blame Tephysea for her scheme. Their quaint home was a special kind of peaceful paradise. Merethyl might have been tempted to engage in a similar scheme, except she very much did have an interest in men. Merethyl’s maidenhood was intact, but the same could not be said of her other, less sacred holes. She considered the carnal acts she’d engaged in to be pre-courtship examinations. More than that, they were quite fun. She sloshed a mouthful of half-chewed food in her mouth, remembering an evening she’d spent with Vulmar Naetris in his father’s barn. She’d performed similar tongue movements on an area of his anatomy less tasty than the morsel in her mouth, but the sounds she’d made him make had been far more satisfying in the pit of her loins. The expulsion he’d deposited across her sweaty, panting face afterwards had felt sticky and warm and filthy, but she’d loved it. Vulmar’s father’s farm was larger than her father’s. Marrying him would be quite the advancement, not only for herself, but for her family. And – of all her dalliances – she did enjoy the sight and feel of Vulmar’s cock the most. Still, there were customs to go through, and she’d not began them with any of her potential suitors. Not officially. Alarm jolted through the young elf as she heard the panicked yelling. It took her a few moments to realize the voice was her father’s. She’d never heard him so afraid. Deulara was already peering out the window, looking out into the fields. Merethyl and her sister joined her there. They spotted Khidell running towards the house, legs pumping hard and face red with strain and terror. He waved his arms, yelling for them to flee. The three women remain frozen, shocked, confused, until they saw the advancing drow warriors chasing behind Khidell. Some of the warriors possessed bows. They stopped their chase to take aim at Khidell, notching arrows and stretching their bowstrings back. There was no discernable sound as the arrows shot free, but the horrendous scream that ripped up her father’s throat chilled Merethyl to the bone. She watched his body stumble, back arching awkwardly. His bulging eyes locked with hers for a moment before he faceplanted into the tilled soil, four arrows lodged deeply into his back. She saw him start to stir, try to get back to his feet, but by then one of the drow warriors had reached him. Merethyl turned away from the window, but she swore she was able to hear the meaty thud of the axe descending into her father’s body, ensuring his death. Deulara choked back her sadness. “Merethyl,” she groaned, finding some edge of steel. “Hurry, out the back. You must warn the town. Your sister and I will delay them as much as we can.” “But mother…” Tephysea protested, fear as much in her words as it was in her face. Deulara turned a stern look to her eldest daughter. “Merethyl is the fastest of us,” she explained. “And the people must know what’s coming if there’s to be any chance of fending them off.” She turned to her youngest. “Go! Don’t look back!” Merethyl nodded, numbed from the sudden violence that had invaded her idyllic life. She looked at her mother and sister, hoping that she would get to see them again soon, but doubtful that it would come to pass. Then she turned and ran for the back door. Her town was small, on the outskirts of the elven kingdom. A simple farming town. She didn’t know what they’d be able to do to ward off an assault from the drows. But she had her task, and she vowed to not let her mother down.Deulara’s shock radiated through her. The pain of Khidell’s death stirred up sorrow and hatred within her. Alongside those feelings were ones of confusion. It had been so long since the drow had ventured above ground. She’d heard tales of them, but had never seen any personally. From the tales, she’d have assumed their soldiers would have been primarily female, although of the ones she could see advancing on her home, she only saw males. If anything, that could be a benefit. Men were easy to manipulate. It would not be pleasant, but she was determined to buy Merethyl as much time as she could, buy their town as much time as she could, to mount some kind of defense, send word deeper into the kingdom so that the elven army could arrive to beat the fiends back. She looked to Tephysea, seeing the terror on her eldest daughter’s face. “Hide,” Deulara told her. “And, no matter what you hear, do not come out.” Tephysea’s face scrunched up, tears leaking down her eyes. “We should both hide.”“If we both hide, they’ll either find us quickly, or they’ll pass by the house and be onto your sister that much faster,” Deulara explained urgently. She could hear the marching steps of the soldiers drawing closer. They were running out of time. “Just do as I say, child.” Wiping at her damp cheeks, Tephysea nodded and fled deeper into the house, heading for her bedroom. Deulara felt an icy ball of dread in her gut. She knew that the drow would find her daughter before long. There were not many places to hide in the house. But if she could delay Tephysea’s defilement and potential death even by a few minutes, she hoped that would be enough. Gathering every ounce of courage she had, the elven woman strode to the front door to greet her husband’s killers. She stripped away her clothing as she went, hoping that the sudden sight of her exposed flesh would delay them long enough for her to make them an offer. A foul offer, but one far more agreeable to her than a prompt slaughter. Deulara pulled open the door and stepped into the threshold, displaying her plump breasts to the oncoming horde of drow. The arrow plunked into Deulara’s forehead, skewering her brain before erupting from the back of her skull. Her dying face managed a surprised expression as she teetered in the doorway, piss draining down her long, smooth legs. Her stiff-limbed body toppled backwards, collapsing to the floor as the front line of the drow assault force reached the house. Deulara’s plan of using sexual allure to distract the drow had not been a bad one. She’d simply overestimated their interest in keeping her alive before engaging in the violation of her body. A pair of drow soldiers scooped up her twitching husk and dragged her back into the kitchen, sweeping the half- eaten meal off of the table and dumping her body onto it. One soldier dropped his head between her spread thighs, lapping his tongue across her hairless slit to get his first taste of elven pussy. The other moved around the table, gripping the arrow in the woman’s head and using it to turn her face to the side, slack lips waiting for his rigid flesh. The drow between Deulara’s legs lifted his face away from her crotch and freed his member, slotting himself into her damp folds. The dead elf woman’s body rocked against the table as she was vigorously fucked, head yanked back and forth along the length of one erection while another pounded into her cunt. A third drow soldier climbed on top of her body, sliding his prick through her deep cleavage. More soldiers tore through the small home, tearing the place apart. Panicked shrieks filled the house as Tephysea was dragged from under her bed, hauled back to the kitchen. Her screams turned to sobs as she saw what had become of her mother. Her arms clawed towards the dead woman, begging her for help despite Deulara’s obvious inability to do anything beyond take the cocks of her rapists. Tephysea’s constant shrieks were quickly deemed too annoying to go on listening to. The young elf was forced to her knees beside her mother’s corpse. A sword was brought to her throat, cutting deeply through her flesh. Her face filled with pained horror as a torrent of blood gushed from her opened arteries, spilling across her chest and leaving her top clinging to her heaving breasts. The soldier continued to cut, slicing deeper through Tephysea’s neck. She was still clinging to life when her head was ripped free from her body. The drow soldier pinning her down twisted her jerking form towards him, sheathing his erection down her bloody esophagus while the one responsible for her painful decapitation dropped his sword and pushed her neck stump down his throbbing length.Only a small portion of the drow forces remained at the small farmhouse, defiling the first pair of elven women to fall in their initial assault. The rest pressed on, following not far behind Merethyl, on their way to the town. The attack was as much about sending a message to the elven leadership as it was about securing a foothold into their territory. And while violating the corpses of the women was a critical part of the message, it was not the only concern. Still, the soldiers were encouraged to have whatever fun they liked with those they captured or killed, as long as the bulk of the fighting force continued to press on. Merethyl scrambled into town, sweaty and out of breath. She stumbled towards the nearest person she saw, gasping and babbling about the drow. She drew a crowd, but the harder the young elf tried to explain the danger, the more frustrated she became. Her antics caused more confusion than alarm, no one rushing to mount any form of defense. The image of her father falling to the ground, arrows in his back, dead, played in her mind again and again, alongside the imaginations of what might be happening to her mother and sister. Her panicked efforts finally drew out the constable of the town – a woman by the name of Mhoryga Balzana. She had an intense vibe, angular features, piercing yellow eyes. Merethyl stared into those eyes, knowing that time was running out, and strained to get words up her throat. Something simple. Something clear. “D-drow!” she finally yelled into the constable’s face. “Attack!” Finally, the concern she wanted, the alarm. It was just unfortunate that it came far too late to do any good. Looking past Mhoryga, Merethyl’s face paled, eyes bulging with terror at the advancing line of drow soldiers. She screamed and pulled free from the constable, turning and putting her fatigued muscles back to work. She’d done as she was told. She could do nothing more except escape, live, keep running. So that’s what she did. Mhoryga turned to face the oncoming soldiers. At a glance, she knew there were too many to fight off. There were no elven soldiers stationed in their town. A handful of capable hunters, maybe a few others who’d gotten somewhat proficient with a sword, but utilizing them would only accomplish more bloodshed. The best she could do was try to get people to safety. “Everyone, indoors!” she yelled, drawing the short sword she carried on her hip as she strode towards the enemy. “Lock the doors and windows!” It wasn’t a great plan, but it was the best she could come up with on short notice. If these drow were a proper army, they would see that the people were no threat to them. With luck, they’d move through, not waste their time on helpless farmers. She saw confused hesitation on the faces she scanned across, just another sign that they were not cut out for combat. “Go, dammit!” The elven constable’s focus on keeping the people safe distracted her from the principle threat in front of her. She didn’t notice the drow soldier charging towards her until it was too late. Mhoryga turned towards him, lifted her sword to defend herself. The drow drove the tip of his pike forward, spearing his way into Mhoryga’s crotch. The high-pitched shriek that poured from the proud woman’s mouth sounded nothing like her to the people that knew her. Her eyes bulged, staring down at the pike, feeling the sharpened blade slicing her sensitive cunt lips to ribbons. She dropped her sword and grabbed the long weapon, trying to pull it free. The drow grinned menacingly and shoved the pike forward, angling it upwards. The blade fucked its way through her vaginal canal, drawing fitful howls of agony from her lips. Mhoryga’s head rolled back, continuing to scream as the drow hefted the weight of her body into the air. Mhoryga’s legs kicked about wildly, hands clutching at her bleeding crotch. The screams pouring out of her sounded nothing like a strong, capable warrior, but the panicked howls of a terrified slab of prey. Gravity tugged her flailing form down the length of the pike, faster as the drow angled it more vertically. The constable’s screams choked off. She hacked up thick gouts of blood, bulging eyes staring to the sky. Her choking intensified, face constricting as the bloody tip of the pike eased its way up her throat and past her lips. Mhoryga stared at the blade glinting in the morning sun, tears sparkling in her eyes, and then went limp. The drow strained to hold the weight of her corpse, carrying her forward until he found an appropriate place to prop her up. A gruesome totem displaying the future of the little farming town. The constable’s death had not taken long, but Mhoryga would have been proud to know that her suffering had bought the majority of the town’s residents to flee indoors. Only a handful remained, staring in shocked horror at what was transpiring. Theodred Aenelis, an older male elf – the closest thing they had to a mayor – worked up the courage to defend his town in a different manner. He moved cautiously towards the drow soldiers, hands held out in a placating fashion. “Please,” he said. “We’re mostly just farmers. We have few weapons, little of value. Take what you want of our supplies, but please, do not harm anyone. We’ll not resist.” It may not have been the bravest of statements, but it was the only option he saw to avoid an all-out slaughter. Unfortunately, the drow soldiers had been given specific orders to carry out that slaughter. A drow soldier approached the man and promptly replied to his offer of a peaceful surrender. He hefted his battle axe up and slammed it into Theodred’s face. His eyes bulged, turning outwards to stare in opposite directions, front teeth smashed apart, nose absolutely destroyed under the cleaving force of the axe blade. His arms shot up from his sides, clawing awkwardly at the air as his trembling body collapsed onto his knees. The soldier growled as he lifted a foot and planted it against the man’s chest, using the leverage to pry his weapon free and kick Theodred’s corpse to the ground. With the only form of leadership in the town dead, the people panicked. And the drow surged ahead, easily breaking into buildings and claiming the fleshy spoils lurking within. The men were killed outright, butchered with relative simplicity. The males held no interest to the soldiers. The women were a different story. The ones who struggled too much, or did not possess a bare minimum of aesthetics, were dealt with, although their demises did not save their bodies from being violated. The prettiest of the elves were saved from any kind of mutilation or death, cherry picked for enslavement but not kept from being heavily sampled.Merethyl nearly made it to the far side of town when she spotted the drow soldiers approaching. They had the town surrounded, making escape a slim possibility. She turned and rushed back into the town, frantic and exhausted but coherent enough to recognize where she was. Her best friend – Anarzee Omaleth – lived nearby. With no one else to rely on and the enemy closing in on all signs, sounds of death and violent rape filling the small town, she ran for Anarzee’s home, hoping it would offer some degree of safety until she could find a way to flee. It did not.Merethyl cowered in the basement alongside Anarzee and her mother, Tanulia, for a handful of minutes before the drow broke in and dragged them all back into the street. Even in that short span of time, the young elf girl’s sleepy town had become a nightmare. Bloody corpses were littered about, aimlessly. The bodes of the women were being violated, twisted and manipulated into lewd poses that left their defenseless holes open for penetration. As horrid as the sight was, at least their terror and suffering had come to an end. There were still many women still alive, enduring the torture the drow bestowed freely upon them. Merethyl cringed and squirmed as rough hands groped at her young flesh, tugged at her clothing. She broke into heavy sobs, knowing that she would soon become a part of the rape-orgy. She found herself suddenly wishing that she’d given her maidenhood to Vulmar. It would not make what was coming much more pleasant, but she thought it might have helped some. As she was dragged further into the mayhem, Merethyl soon forgot about her own plight, overwhelmed by the atrocities taking place around her. People she’d known all her life.Huethea Ralojyre had been awake for hours before Merethyl had stirred from her pleasant slumber to welcome the terrible day that lay ahead. There was nothing like the smell of freshly baked bread to wipe the fog of sleep from her mind. She missed the panicked elf girl’s arrival in town and the subsequent killing of Mhoryga and Theodred. Huethea remained blissfully unaware of the horrors transpiring just outside her bakery until the drow soldiers broke into her kitchen. She’d barely finished with her first batch of bread for the day. The tray was knocked from her hands, flinging warm loafs into the air as she was dragged to her prep table, rough hands tearing at her clothing. Huethea was full-figured for an elf, a result of her being a bit of a glutton for her own baking. The weight had mostly gone to her breasts and ass, but her physique was overall soft and pliable with a small layer of belly fat. The drow soldiers eagerly grabbed at her, squeezing her tits and smacking her ass as they bent her over the prep table. Her heavy breasts smacked against the flour-covered wood, an explosion of white powder erupting into her face, interrupting her panicked screams with fitful coughing. Her head – caked in flour – darted from side to side, eyes wide. The attack had happened so fast, it hardly seemed real. As the first drow cock slammed into her defenseless snatch, there was no doubt left that it was happening. The busty baker let out a squeal of horrified pain, squirming and scrambling as her initial rapist took her swiftly and roughly. Her plump tits smacked and dragged through the flour, forcing small puffs of whiteness into the air. Another of the soldiers moved around the prep table, clutching a fistful of Huethea’s hair and yanking her head forward. He pulled his dick in front of her face, smacking at her flour-coated cheeks before slipping into her mouth. She instinctively clenched her jaw, biting down on the fleshy length. The drow let out a yelp of pain, dragging his prick free and slamming his clenched fist into Huethea’s temple. He slugged her twice more, leaving her dazed, before making a second attempt to shove his aching member past her lips. He found she was far more willing to take him and started working his way up to a steady, quick rhythm of pumps. Tears stung Huethea’s eyes as she endured her unexpected nightmare, one arm painfully twisted around to her back while the other was stretched out, forced to pump along the shaft of another drow soldier. The cock thrusting into her from behind swelled, stretching her tight elven cunt. The baker groaned around the dick in her mouth, disgusted as she felt the first spatters of seed squirting into her. Her cheeks ballooned outwards, eyes bulging, as the drow fucking her face came moments later, forcing her to swallow down his spunk. She was left gasping across her prep table, humiliated and filthy, for only a few moments before the drow turned her over and tugged her fully onto the table. Their hands moved to her chest, groping and smacking at her heavy tits before one of the men climbed over her. He slid his big dick through her cleavage, snagging her by the hair and yanking her head forward. Spittle and jizz crept down her chin as she eyed the throbbing member rising from between her tits to aim at her mouth. With her head still aching from the beating and a dark bruise farming against her cheek and temple, Huethea offered far less resistance to her second oral penetration, although it did nothing for the disgust the felt as the drow’s erection dragged across her tongue. A drow scooped up Huethea’s legs, lifting them into the air and spreading them apart. The elf’s pussy stretched open, allowing trickles of creamy white jizz to dribble from her violated hole. The drow eyed the orifice momentarily before guiding his erection lower, pressing the tip against her tight anus. The baker screamed around the cock-meat stuffing her mouth as her asshole stretched painfully to accommodate the drow’s girth. The sharp slap of flesh against flesh filled her ears as the impact of the forceful pumps rocked through her body. Both arms were stretched out, forced to jerk off the members of a couple of impatient drow on either side of her. Her face scrunched up, the sudden touch of drow fingers against her clitoris sending a jolt of unwanted pleasure through her loins. The solider fucking her ass chucked as he felt the spasm work its way through Huethea’s body, her sphincter momentarily clenching tighter around his member. He worked his fingers against the bitch’s clit faster, teasing her for his pleasure. Huethea groaned as her head was yanked back, forced over the edge of the table so that another drow could gain entrance to her mouth. Her throat bulged around the size of the cock, gagging and gurgling as the rhythmic impact of the man’s testicles smacked against her nose. A drow using one of her hands leaned in, wrapping his lips around her thick nipple and giving it a hard suck. Warm spunk erupted from the valley of her cleavage, streaking across her throat. More of the stuff pumped deep into her bowels, but the cock remained stiff, ready to go on violating her as the soldier slid free from the gaping orifice to slot himself into her wet cunt. The dick in her mouth slid free, leaving her to gasp as the man shot messy wads of cum over her flushed face. It felt to Huethea that the gang-rape went on for hours. She’d have been horrified to know just how little time had passed. The loafs of bread scattered around the kitchen were still warm when the drow soldiers decided they’d had enough of her busty body. Her skin was slick with sweat and jizz, a few pasty white patches where the flour still clung to her. They laid her exhausted form out across the prep table, sprinkling more flour over her and adding a layer of bread crumbs. She was barely conscious, too overwhelmed by her brutal assault to comprehend what the drow bastards were doing to her. It wasn’t until she felt the wave of heat from her still burning oven that she realized what they intended. The baker screamed and flailed, finding enough energy to fight back frantically as the soldiers hefted her off the prep table. She begged for their mercy, but received only cruel laughter in return as they turned her sideways and stuffed her into the waiting oven. Huethea tried to scramble back out only to have the heavy lid slammed shut in her face. She kept on screaming, pounding at the inner wall of the door, feeling the heat burning her palms but not caring. The crackle of the flames surrounded her, as did the scorching temperature. The bread crumbs clinging to her skin browned up as her flesh roasted beneath the layer, internal organs roasting within her. Huethea’s screams slackened off into desperate wheezing as the scent of her cooking flesh surrounded her. The pain permeated her body, muscles tightening as the heat ravaged her. Outside of the oven, only a pair of drow remained behind to make sure the baker didn’t escape her fate. They chewed at the freshly baked loaves of bread while they waited, enjoying the aroma wafting out of the occupied oven. When enough time had passed, they pulled the oven door open. A thick cloud of steam escaped the inner cavern. As it dissipated, the drow were treated to the sight of Huethea’s well-cooked meat-loaf. They carefully slid the body out of the oven and back to the prep table, eager to enjoy some meat alongside their bread.Tanulia Omaleth did her best to protect her daughter from the drow soldiers, but there was little she could do to stop them. She was no fighter. Her efforts were valiant, but ultimately only worked against her. The soldiers decided she was too feisty and just a little too old to make an appropriate slave. She kept on struggling, yelling at the drow to leave her daughter alone, as she was forced onto her knees amidst a group of them. The front of Tanulia’s dress was torn open, freeing her breasts. She shuddered with disgust as the soldiers pulled their stiff meat free of their pants, gathering around her to smack their erections against her face and tits. Tanulia stared defiantly up at her abusers. “Do what you will to me,” she growled. “I will not submit until you guarantee my daughter’s safety.” The drow laughed in response. One of them grabbed hold of the woman by her chin. “Looks like this whore needs a personality adjustment,” he growled, gripping her face firmly as he angled his member towards her left eye. Her stubborn fury cracked, becoming sudden fear. She tried to pull away, muttered something about being willing to give them what they wanted. But her shift in tactics came too late. The drow jerked his hips forward, bashing against Tanulia’s eye. Her arms came up, smacking and shoving against the soldier’s thighs. She let out a high- pitched shriek as her eye popped, allowing the man to invade the socket. He clung to her head, humping hard into her until – with the snap of bone – he plunged his rigid length into the elf’s brain. A muscular spasm shot through Tanulia’s body, her fingers fumbling at the soldier’s legs as blood trickled down her twitching cheek. Her arms slumped to her sides, occasionally jerking about as the soldier sheathed himself fully into her soft brain.Anarzee sobbed for her mother, watching in horror as Tanulia’s body shuddered around the cock in her head. Merethyl watched the gruesome skull-fucking in silence, too exhausted and too traumatized to feel much of anything. She’d been stripped alongside her friend and two other elf women. Thaciona Quitumal – a farmer who had a plot of land near Merethyl’s family – and Lythienne Rolen – the small town’s priestess. They’d been lined up, forced onto their hands and knees, while a discussion amongst the soldiers took place to decide whether they were worth keeping as slaves. Merethyl’s face scrunched up, wondering where her would-be suitor – Vulmar – was, desperately hoping that he might be able to save her from this nightmare before she lost her virginity to the merciless cocks of the drow soldiers.Vulmar Naetris was in the midst of his own ordeal. He was one of only a handful of elf males in the town that had been allowed to live beyond a few seconds. The only thing that had saved him from a prompt slaughter was the cruel sadism of the drow soldiers who’d found him making a bold but fruitless attempt to keep his younger sister – Naexi – safe from the invasion. The drow offered him a chance to live, ordering him to fuck his sister. He stared at Naexi’s small, perky breasts and firm buttocks, trying to imagine they belonged to someone else. The terror eating away at him was strong, but he managed to jerk his cock to a stiff state. The drow shoved Naexi onto her hands and knees before him, forcing her to lift her ass in Vulmar’s direction. The shame he felt wasn’t strong enough to beat back his fear. The young male took up position behind his sister, clutching at her slender hips as he guided his barely firm erection towards her bared slit. He pushed into her slowly, muttering apologies to her softly sobbing form and feeling even more shame as his cock surged to a fully erect state from the sensation of her warm, tight pussy walls wrapping around him. He pushed aside the revulsion he felt at committing the perverse act, willingly himself to believe the drow were being genuine in their offer. It was easier to thrust into Naexi’s clenching cunt with the thought that it was the only way he could keep them safe. No one would have to know what they’d done to save themselves. He closed his eyes, even tried to block out the whimpers Naexi let out as he sped his thrusts. The longer he fucked her, the easier it was for him to give in and enjoy the act for what it was. He grunted, humping against Naexi, even leaning forward to slip his arms around his sister and clutch at her dangling tits. Vulmar groaned, his balls swollen with cum, cock twitching within Naexi’s snatch as he neared his release. The drow had been quite explicit with their demands, as well as their lack of patience. He pounded into his sister faster, eager to get off, but no longer just to secure their safety. He cried out, muscles snapping tense, as his cum erupted into his sister’s spasming pussy. The ecstasy that rushed through him was unlike any he’d felt before, intensified by the taboo nature of the sex. The pleasure ended abruptly. Vulmar grunted as the drow soldier shoved the sword through the young man’s back. He stared down in shock at the bloody blade sliding through his chest. He tilted his head back, staring up at the soldier with confusion.The drow grinned down at the mortally wounded male. “You elves really are depraved,” he muttered, ripping his sword free from Vulmar’s body. He grabbed the dying elf by the throat and yanked his limp form away from the cowering female. His still rigid prick popped free from Naexi’s cunt, leaking the last of his seed across her quivering buttocks before he was tossed aside. The rest of the drow soldiers converged on the sobbing young woman, ready to plunder each of her holes. She was young, subservient. She’d make an excellent slave. Vulmar’s dying eyes fixed on his sister, watching her rough violations with a tickle of jealousy before his last breath wheeze past his lips.Some form of decision had been agreed upon concerning the fates of Merethyl and the three others cowering in the town square, but the stunned young elf was too distracted by the horrors surrounding her to have heard it. Tanulia’s corpse was still twitching, jizz leaking from her gory eye socket as a fresh drow soldier violated her ass. Anarzee was sobbing loudly, occasionally calling out her mother’s name. The sight of the matronly elf killed and violated so carelessly stung Merethyl almost as badly as it did her friend. Tanulia had been like a second mother to her. Having not spotted any sign of her own mother or sister, she could only assume they’d been killed back at her home. Merethyl was beginning to wish she’d remained with them. She had no desire to die, but she thought it would have been at least somewhat better to be killed sooner than risk the slow butchering at the hands of the soldiers, or – even worse – prolonged enslavement. A blend of strained gurgles and breathless whimpering permeated the air. Merethyl’s dazed eyes moved from Tanulia’s carcass to the source of the sounds. Shandalar Grenala. She was roughly the same age as Merethyl. The two had been bitter rivals, each of them vying for Vulmar’s attention. Merethyl recalled fantasizing about a number of terrible fates for the bitch, but now that one of those fates was transpiring before her, she no longer felt very good about it. Shandalar dangled at the end of a noose, the main attraction for the soldiers gathered around her. They’d decided to play a bit of a game with her, to determine if she’d become their slave or just another corpse littering the town streets. She was forced to endure the slow hanging, struggling for each breath as soldiers moved up to have some fun with her lower holes. Shandalar clung to each new rapist, curling her long legs around their waist to lessen the tension around her throat. The soldiers fucked her vigorously, none of them lasting long inside her. A steady flow of cum drained from her stretched holes, down her kicking legs as she hung after each fucking she received. Shandalar was proving she had a good supply of stamina, but Merethyl wasn’t sure how much longer the woman would last. Her struggles were beginning to slacken, and the number of drow interested in fucking her was slimming down. Thaciona let out a sudden groan of discomfort, drawing Merethyl’s attention away from her rival. A drow had taken position behind her and was feeding his massive erection into her cunt. The farmer cringed, head shoved to the ground as the soldier plunged his full length into her, starting up a steady rhythm of thrusts. On the other side of her, the priestess let out a loud scream as she was skewered with her own length of drow cock-meat. Merethyl’s breath quickened, shivers of terror creeping through her body as she realized the time had finally come. Tears swelled in her eyes as she heard Anarzee’s strained voice call out from just beside her, once again begging her dead mother to save her as she took her first drow cock. Merethyl burst into tears as the tip of an erection teased across the soft folds of her pussy, prepared to hammer into her and steal her virginity. “P-please,” she whimpered, finally finding her voice. She twisted her head to the side, looking up at the drow preparing to rape her. “Not like this.”The drow grinned back at her, gripping a fistful of her hair and yanking her head back as he sank the first couple inches of his dick into her. Merethyl shrieked, eyes bulging as she was penetrated, feeling the strain in her body as the male pressed roughly against her hymen. A dark chuckle passed the man’s lips as he felt her virginity. His hands tightened on her and his hips bucked forward, slamming the remaining length of his prick into Merethyl and destroying her maidenhood. She was only mildly relieved when the drow released his hold on her hair, allowing her to lower her head, squeeze her eyes shut, and try to block out the foul sensations of his cock pumping into her aching sex. With Shandalar gurgling her way to the end of her lengthy demise, the drow soldiers turned their attention to the four elves lined up nearby. Other females were being put in chains, ferried off into a loose group. They were the ones deemed worthy of becoming slaves. There were no living male elves left in the town, their butchered bodies covering the streets or sprawled within the town’s various structures. There weren’t quite as many female corpses, but those were at least receiving the perverse attentions of the drow. Even Mhoryga’s impaled carcass was not spared, her clothing cut away so that soldiers could take turns fucking her undamaged asshole. Huethea’s leftovers were hauled out and passed around as mid-day snacks as the orgy of rape continued. Merethyl quickly lost track of what it meant to be a virgin. The drows used her just like they’d used so many of the other women in her town, with little regard for her as a sentient being, simply a series of pleasant holes to fill. She didn’t have the strength or courage to fight back after seeing what became of the women who attempted it. The day dragged on, sounds of debauchery assaulting her ears. It became hard for her to determine whether the fleshy slaps she heard came from the thrusts invading her body, or one of the women on either side of her. There was no relief, no end to the assault, just the painful twisting and turning of her body to take a fresh rapist. But mostly, Merethyl – as well as the others – remained on their hands and knees. It was a convenient, all-purpose pose, keeping their mouths, cunts, and asses vulnerable to attack. When the sun finally set, drenching the devastated town in torchlight shadows, Merethyl felt a portion of her mind splinter at the realization that the endless stream of atrocities committed upon her had taken less than a day. The memory of awaking early, happy, content, in her home seemed like a lifetime ago. It was sometime during the night, as the orgy was winding down, that the decision made regarding Merethyl and the others became clear. Thaciona was dispatched first. The farmer groaned weakly as her head was yanked back, barely conscious from the hours of rape until the dagger was brought up against her throat. She let out a startled gasp that became a wet sputter as the blade carved deeply into her flesh. A gush of blood erupted from her sliced throat, body rocking steadily as her killer continued to ride her upraised ass. Shock and panic shot into Merethyl as she watched the woman shuddering and dying so close to her. She heard the priestess let out a terrified yell, turned just in time to watch the dagger slash through her neck. Her breath quickened, staring in horror at the gruesome display. “Mother, please,” Anarzee whined, drawing Merethyl’s attention back to her friend. The drow soldier was fucking her cunt hard, dagger held firmly against the smooth skin of the young elf’s throat. He carved into her slowly, opening her veins and severing her tendons with cruel precision. Blood sprayed from Anarzee’s lips, drained down her neck to cling to her heaving tits. She was shoved to the ground, head turned to face Merethyl as her life drained out of her rapidly. Wet gurgles surrounded her as the trio of raped companions she’d spent the majority of the day with died around her, used up slabs of fuck-flesh being disposed of with no regard. The will to live flared up within Merethyl with starting speed. She found a strength she’d not known she possessed, bucking back against the dick inside her with enough force to knock the drow away from her. She scrambled forward, unaware of her heavy sobs as she managed to get her legs beneath her and rise to her feet. She didn’t look back, charging ahead into the night. She saw soldiers darting for her and ducked away from them. She had no plan beyond simply escaping. If she was cut down or shot full of arrows during her attempt, she didn’t care. The surge of adrenaline and panic blinded Merethyl, kept her moving. When she got clear of the group of soldiers, she went back to running, legs pumping hard, sobs following after her as she charged into the darkness, somehow managing to escape the nightmare that had come crashing down on her little town.Perched atop their Riding Lizards on a nearby hill, Irae and Nimor watched the young elf girl’s frantic escape from the village. Merethyl’s luck had been anything but. The soldiers had been given special instructions regarding the girl. She’d made her daring dash a little sooner than Irae had expected, but the soldiers had done a good job of merely attempting to recapture her before she made it out of the town. The farming village meant nothing to the drow. Even as a foothold into elven territory, it was a poor choice, offering little strategic value. Which was exactly what Irae and Nimor intended the elven rulers to think when Merethyl arrived to spread news of the attack. It would play well to the elven sense of superiority. They would, no doubt, mount some form of counter-attack, likely a rescue mission for the slaves the young elf had seen being taken. When the elf army came, the drow would be ready for them. It was all going according to plan.

This is an especially brutal story, filled with torture, rape, and snuff. Be sure this is a thing you want to read before continuing. Chapter Three: The RescueNews spread fast on the tongue of the exhausted, traumatized elf girl who’d managed to escape the drow invasion of her small town.  The attack was horrendous, but not surprising.  It had been some time since the drow had come to the surface to harass the elves and most assumed it was simply yet another small border skirmish between the two races.  Not that the attack was taken lightly.  An appropriate response was hastily put together, the elven army gathered and set to march.  The fact that the drow had not simply come to kill but had taken prisoners gave the elves confidence that they would have little trouble catching up to the guilty group.  Assurances were made that the living would be saved, and the dead would be avenged as the army headed out, their hearts full of confidence.It wouldn’t be much longer.  It had been a long day of marching.  They’d seen what remained of Merethyl’s town, butchered bodies buzzing with flies and drenched in blood and cum.  Death at the hands of the drow was not common enough to diminish the shock, but the added perversity performed on the corpses was something new.  Male soldiers in the drow army weren’t uncommon, but they were typically little more than fodder and there’d not been any instance previously of them being allowed to violate their victims in such a way.  It left a chill of unease through the elven forces.  Vianola Qinphine had been especially bothered.  She’d not been a soldier for long.  This troop movement was the first she’d been a part of that involved actual combat.  She kept her sword held tight, at the ready, and forced her legs to keep moving, matching the pace of the foot soldiers on either side of her.Tehlarissa Maghorn had more than a few years of soldiering under her belt.  Marching just beside the fresh recruit, she had no trouble spotting the young elf’s nervousness.  “There’s a reason the drow live the bulk of their lives below the surface,” she remarked casually.  “They’re a lowly bunch.  Greedy, impetuous children, really.”  She nodded back towards the small town they’d gone through.  “That’s the evidence of one of their temper tantrums back there.  It’s sickening, but that’s all it is.”“They killed a whole town,” Vianola whispered back, ashamed of her fear.“It was a small town,” Tehlarissa replied.  “Full of farmers.  It wouldn’t have taken many drow to do the damage we saw.  Our strength of numbers here today is more about sending a message to our people than it is about making sure we have enough might to beat them back.  Just stay close to me, kid, and you’ll get through this in one piece.  I promise you that.”Vianola heard a hiss in the air and mistook it for another fat, buzzing fly gorged on the dead meat of her fellow elves.  The hiss grew louder and a moment later an arrow slammed into the veteran beside her, piercing her right eye and spearing through her skull.  The rookie let out a startled shriek, staring in horror as the older elf’s body twisted towards her.  Tehlarissa’s remaining eye stared at her blindly, arms jerking towards Vianola and awkwardly tackling the young woman to the ground.  As she fell, the rookie heard the hissing of more enemy arrows joined by the commanding voice of Syllana – their general and the eldest daughter of the ruling king and queen – ordering the troops to defend themselves and prepare to engage the drow.The elf army did their best to follow their general’s orders, but the surprise attack left them disoriented and ill-prepared.  As they scrambled to take defensive positions, they discovered that the small raiding party they’d expected was anything but.  It looked as if the entire drow army waited for them, joined with allied groups of goblins, orcs, and ogres.  It was no longer a decisive strike for revenge, it was a true battle for survival.Vianola spent the first few minutes of the fight pinned under Tehlarissa’s corpse, gripped with panic.  The veteran’s reassuring words meant nothing now that the woman’s blood was dribbling over her screaming face.  Her terror gave her the strength to push the dead weight away.  She scrambled to her feet, all sense of pride and courage drained from her in one terrible instant.  The young elf broke free from her ranks, fleeing in a direction she hoped would lead her away from the drow forces.  She tossed her sword aside and clung to her armor, praying for it to keep her safe until she could secure her escape.A pack of goblins tasked with keeping the elves herded together spotted Vianola’s frantic fleeing and gave chase.  The woman glanced over her shoulder, short black hair whipping against her forehead as her purple eyes caught sight of her pursuers.  She let out a shriek and pumped her legs harder, managing to gain some extra distance from the short-legged goblins.  Comrield – the leader of the small group – drew forth a curved length of wood, the edges covered in razor-sharp steel.  He cocked the boomerang back and let it fly towards their prey.  If Vianola hadn’t learned a valuable lesson in trusting her ears such a short time ago, she’d have been easily cut down by the weapon.  Hearing the strange reverberation on the air, she chanced another look behind her and saw the projectile coming.  With a strained yell, she threw herself to the side, narrowly avoiding the boomerang as it whipped past her.The close dodge returned an ounce or two of courage to her hammering heart.  As she rose to her feet, she looked back to the pack of goblins, seeing they’d slowed their movement.  It seemed the thrown weapon had been their final attempt to catch her.  They certainly looked tired enough from the short sprint they’d engaged in.  With the remainder of the drow forces behind the goblins, Vianola felt a moment of safety.  She could outrun them, escape them, find someplace remote and private to live out her life where no one would ever know of her cowardice.  With her eyes fixed on the goblins, basking in her small triumph, she didn’t see the boomerang reach the apex of its journey and loop back towards her.  When she heard the sound of its spinning sharpness again, it was too late.The blade of the boomerang met the backs of Vianola’s knees, slicing through flesh, ligament, and bone.  The cowardly soldier screamed as the weapon ripped through her legs.  She fell backwards, hitting the ground hard.  Lifting her head, she stared at the spurting stumps of her legs, her feet still managing to stand, ending just at her shattered knees in a relatively smooth cut.  The goblins were coming again, Comrield catching his boomerang and sheathing it on his back as he jogged towards the fallen woman.  Vianola jammed her elbows into the grass, straining to crawl backwards from the group, leaving twin trails of hot blood in her wake.  Her movements were spirited but waning with the passing of each moment as she lost more and more of her precious blood.  By the time the goblins surrounded her fallen form, Vianola was gasping for breath and thoroughly sapped of energy, flesh sweaty and pale, too weak to fight back as their petite hands fell upon her.The sound of battle raged on nearby, but Vianola couldn’t bring herself to care about the fate of her fellow soldiers as she helplessly watched the goblins hastily stripping away her armor.  Her small, perky breasts were revealed, pink nipples already shriveled into hard nubs as the chill of blood loss ravaged her.  A couple of goblins pawed at her chest while the others – Comrield among them – worked to get her pants off.  The grass tickled at her buttocks and hips as she was laid bare before the cruel creatures.  They freed their members – five in total – and Vianola was left to gape at the absurd size of their cocks – especially compared to their miniscule statures.  The dicks grew larger as they stiffened, their hot lengths dragging across her soft skin.Being in charge of the group, Comrield moved between what remained of the elf soldier’s legs first.  Vianola groaned as he entered her, shoving roughly into her sex as his clawed fingertips dug into the gentle mounds of her breasts.  He filled out her vaginal canal before drawing back and thrusting harder, launching into a hurried series of strokes.  The remaining four goblins did not leave her while their boss ravaged her cunt.  Two of them – Sruis and Furt – forced her weak fingers around their rigid flesh, humping against her palms, while a third – Vilb – chewed away small nibbles flesh from her shoulder.  The final one – Ict – dropped over her face, dropping his dangling balls into her gasping mouth as he jerked himself off over her.The goblins may have possessed bigger than average dicks, but their stamina was greatly diminished.  And with the delight of a tight elf snatch wrapped so snuggly around his girth, Comrield didn’t last long.  He came hard and deep into the whimpering slab of half-butchered meat, draining his tingling balls into her before drawing free from her slippery slit.  Sruis and Furt fell into a brief struggle as they rushed to take a shot at the woman, finally relenting into a truce as they rolled Vianola onto her side, one aiming for her greased pussy while the other pressed against her tight sphincter.  They filled her lower holes in unison, drawing a groan of suffering from the elf’s trembling lips.  The groan became muffled as Ict adjusted to the new angle she lay at, shoving his prick into her mouth.After chewing away a few more bits of Vianola’s upper arm, Vilb wandered away from her body to where her half-legs remained perched.  He pulled one leg up and tugged her boot free.  He tossed the portion of limb aside so he could strip the other.  Taking hold of a shin in each hand, he brought the soft soles of her feet together against the sides of his stiff prick, rubbing back and forth as he turned to watch the others plunder the living portion of the elf.  Sruis and Furt punched their cocks into Vianola rapidly, letting out a chittering chorus of laughter as they reached their respective orgasms.  Jizz poured into the gagging elf, her muffled whimpers growing in urgency as Ict’s fingers closed around her head, sliding through her short black hair to scratch at her scalp.  Her cheeks ballooned outwards as the mouth-rapist came, pumping his load down her gulping gullet.As the goblins pulled free from her various violated holes and rolled her onto her back, Vilb stomped his way up and onto the woman.  He took position on her heaving, sweaty tits, letting her watch as he vigorously masturbated with the aid of her dead feet.  Vianola was barely conscious, coughing up wads of spunk as the pain of her wounds and rapes radiated through her.  She regretted ever following her dreams of becoming a soldier, unable to understand her past self’s determination and bravado.  One glimmer of violence had been all it had taken to shatter her spirit and now she was paying dearly for her life choices.  Dying terrified her, but it was the most optimistic outcome she could conjure for her predicament.  Better to die sooner than to continue being tormented by the filthy goblins.The goblins were more than happy to help send Vianola on her way.  With the tide of the battle turning drastically in their favor, they had other deserters to chase down and defile.  But being their first victim of the day, they wished to reward her for being such an entertaining plaything.  Prying her pert buttocks apart, Ict and Furt dug their fingers into her loosened asshole and stretched the orifice further open.  Dropping one half-leg, Vilb carried the other with him, crouching in front of her crotch and waiting patiently for his fellow goblins to break the woman’s hole wide enough for him to start shoving the bloody stump of her leg inside.  Vianola’s eyes bulged, pained shrieks pouring out of her as the majority of her severed leg was rammed up her rear.With only the curve of her ankle and foot sticking free from her ruined asshole, the goblins collected the remaining portion of her leg.  Vianola found some strength to struggle as her jaw was wrenched open.  The taste of her blood mingled with the linger flavor of jizz as Comrield shoved the stump past her lips.  It proved to be an even trickier insertion, forcing the goblins to kick their feet against the bottom of Vianola’s, driving the slab of dead meat inch by inch down her bulging throat.  The rookie elf choked and flailed about on the ground, face going red as spurts of saliva crept out from around the circumference of her removed limb.  The goblins managed to get half of her severed leg down her gaping maw before they grew too tired to persist any longer, but the obstruction was large enough and deep enough to seal the young elf’s fate.  They left her behind, seeking out fresh morsels as she gurgled in her misery before gradually expiring.The drow had counted on the elves underestimating them.  The pride of the fair-skinned race was a well-known trait, easy to exploit.  Irae and Nimor had done just that.  While Syllana scrambled to restructure her forces to combat the significantly larger threat they’d marched right into, the drow leaders simply continued with their plans.  The assortment of elven troops matched what they’d expected to face and, as such, they’d come up with a relatively simple order of operations to go through.  The deserters were a special case, the goblins tasked with hunting them down and eliminating them.  Some of the elves might survive the battle, but none would be allowed to escape.  Two prongs of drow forces extended out and around the elves, strafing them and closing them in, giving them few optimum choices for pushing their attack and even fewer for mounting an orderly retreat.  They could only defend their rapidly diminishing territory.From there, the cavalry forces became the choice targets.  Aside from offering an offensive bonus, the horse riders would be the hardest to hunt down if they managed to break through the drow lines.  Several squads of heavily armor orcs armed with polearms were tasked with taking out the riders and their beasts.  They moved in with malicious tenacity, impaling any flesh they could reach.  Some orcs were lost, but the skirmish was decidedly one-sided due to the panic creeping through the elven ranks.  In a matter of minutes, only three cavalry riders remained, their numbers diminished enough that the orcs decided to add some pleasure to their grisly business.Knocked off their horses, the female riders weren’t much of a threat.  They grouped together, each hoping that the other would have the means of defending them.  A few of the orcs corralled the horses while the others amused themselves by tormenting the women, tugging at their light armor and baring their skin.  By the time they were ready to have their fun, the elves’ clothing had been reduced to ragged tatters.Yrneha Olasys was tugged away from Thasinia Faepetor and Delsanra Ianmyar.  Two orcs – Pregu and Hegug – pulled her along by her arms, tearing away the remainder of her clothing as they led her back to her steed.  The orc holding onto the horse’s reins – Verthag – pulled a handful of sparkling dust from a satchel at his side.  He shoved the powder against the horse’s face, forcing it to breathe it in.  The beast let out an excited whiney, bouncing and trotting in place as the effects of the drug worked quickly.  Yrneha’s face paled as she watched the stallion’s flat-headed prick sliding free of its sheath, dangling heavily beneath it.  She struggled and screamed as the orcs on either side of her knocked her onto her hands and knees and pulled her beneath the horny beast.Pregu and Hegug kept her held in place firmly while Verthag controlled the horse.  The stallion’s cock touched against Yrneha’s upraised rear.  The feel of her soft flesh against his sensitive member encouraged him to explore her with more vigorous prodding.  Any affinity the beast had for his rider was utterly perverted thanks to the snort of powder he’d been given.  The arousal flooding through his system demanded satisfaction, no matter what the cost for his unwilling partner.  Pre-cum leaked steadily from the horse’s urethra, smearing across Yrneha’s buttocks and into the crack of her ass, lubricating her minimal for the impossible penetration forthcoming.  The elf held fast to whatever pride she had in the face of her humiliating bestial rape, right up to the moment she felt her sphincter start to give.  She went from cringing and grunting to screaming and begging in an instant, wide eyes shifting from one orc to the next, urging them to simply kill her, or even to take her for themselves, anything to save her the agony of having the stallion’s massive prick rammed right up her ass.The orcs only laughed and enjoyed the show.  Yrneha’s screams intensified as her small sphincter expanded around the stallion’s thickness.  They became urgent gasps as the air was fucked from her lungs.  Blood trickled from her blown out asshole, rolling across the lips of her cunt and down the backs of her thighs.  Her slender belly distended, pushed outwards further with each violent thrust the stallion gave her.  Her skin stretched around the flattened tip of the horse dick, threatening to tear open.  The beast adjusted the angle of his strokes with some help from Pregu and Hegug moving Yrneha’s body, gaining the ability to pound further up the elf’s ruined ass.  As the stallion thrust his way into her chest cavity, bloody chunks of vomit erupted from Yrneha’s lips, streaking several feet across the ground before her.Tangles of shredded intestine and pulped organ clogged Yrneha’s throat, choking her from within.  Blood drained down her chin as her face strained, gagging and hacking in an attempt to clear the blockage of her own innards.  A thick wad of ruined organ spat clear of her mouth as the stallion fucked her with growing vigor.  As the internal damage mounted and her asphyxiation intensified, the elf’s performance grew far livelier.  The orcs let out a cheer as the horse reared up, hefting the weight of the woman’s body into the air as he let out a whiney of delight.  A pinkish spray of blood and cum surged through Yrneha’s mouth, transforming her dying form into a perverse geyser for several lengthy moments.  As the stallion’s hooves settled back into the soil, the rider hung limp beneath him, thoroughly snuffed.  With a smack to the beast’s rump, Verthag sent the horse galloping away, carrying Yrneha’s corpse along with him.While Yrneha suffered her fatal equestrian fucking, Thasinia and Delsanra endured a more hands on form of molestation courtesy of the pair of orcs in charge of their captivity.  Gnorth yanked Thasinia’s head back and forth along the length of his throbbing member while Wakgut hammered into Delsanra’s cunt from behind, tugging at her long golden hair.  Gnorth pulled free and unloaded a series of messy wads across the gasping elf’s face before dragging her by her auburn hair over to where Verthag had the other two horses gathered.  The woman struggled against him and he let her, her strength nothing compared to his.  When he got her where he wanted her, he gave her a solid punch to the gut, stealing her breath and laying her out on her back between the two anxious beasts.Pregu came over with a couple lengths of rope, handing one off to Gnorth.  They knelt at the elf’s head and feet, looping the ropes around her wrists and ankles and tying them off with constricting knots.  They stretched the opposite ends of the ropes to the two horses, securing them to the empty saddles the beasts wore.  There was enough slack in the lines that Thasinia remained lying on the ground, only her arms and legs tilted upwards into the air.  That changed as soon as Verthag encouraged the stallions to trot a few steps away from one another.  The elf’s body was hoisted into the air, suspended taut between the two horses.  The orcs kept forcing the beasts to move in opposite directions, creating an animal-powered rack to stretch Thasinia’s lithe form.  The woman screamed through her teeth, eyes bulging as her muscles stretched and tore, bones popping and cracking.Thasinia’s screams became stifled as the tension in her body grew too great for her to breathe effectively, allowing the underscore of high-pitched creaking radiating from her to be heard.  The drone of her stretching skin intensified as the horses bucked and tugged, doing their best to break free from the woman binding them together and run free.  The elf’s body gave it in sudden, spectacular fashion.  The sound of a fleshy seal coming undone accompanied the sight of her stretched belly splitting open across the middle.  Her strained vertebrae popped apart as the horses picked up speed, tearing Thasinia in half.  The two chunks of her body hit the ground hard and were promptly dragged away, kicking up dust and clumps of soil and leaving behind gruesome smears of blood and innards.  The orcs watched the woman’s two-pronged departure from the battlefield, cheering and laughing as she went.The position of Delsanra mercifully kept her from witnessing the brutal execution of her fellow rider, but what she’d heard of Thasinia’s end was more than enough to fill her mind with all manner of grisly images.  She wept for the woman’s death, just as she wept for Yrneha’s, but mostly she wept for herself, certain that she’d be joining them both soon.  Wakgut’s throbbing member pulsed within her bruised sex as he drained his cum into her.  Having given away the first two sexy slabs of elf meat to the horses, the remaining orcs were quite hard and ready to violate her.  They rolled her onto her back, Verthag taking up position between her raised legs and working his way up her ass while Pregu dropped onto her chest and slid through the valley between her breasts.  Having sampled Thasinia’s gullet, Gnorth was eager to try out Delsanra, slotting his renewed erection into her mouth.  Wakgut gathered up a handful of her long blonde hair and looped it around his prick, rubbing the soft strands across his flesh.The rider’s gang-rape dragged on, her body twisted and tugged into strained posses to allow the orcs the opportunity to fuck her every hole from a myriad of angles.  Sweat and cum glazed her skin and filled her body.  There seemed to be no shortage to their stamina, each orgasm seeming to only leave their erections harder than before.  She found herself silently begging for the bastards to finish her.  Go on raping her if they liked but do so after the life had been snuffed from her body.  When the pumping members finally left her, she thought the moment was finally coming until she heard a new voice – a less guttural one – addressing the orcs.  She pried her tired eyes open, blinking away the jizz covering them, to see a drow soldier.  His eyes leered down at her, his hands motioning to her before handing over a set of manacles to Verthag.  The orc leader returned to her, clamping the bindings around her wrists and ankles.  She was pulled onto her trembling legs and made to march awkwardly deeper behind the drow lines of attack.  There she found a small group of fellow elves, each of them bound as she was, some of them already in the midst of being defiled.  Delsanra desperately wished she had the strength to fight back, to save herself from the enslavement that she’d apparently been just beautiful enough to earn.  But after the ordeal, she could offer no resistance as the drow solider who’d picked her out shoved her onto her knees before him.  Moments later, she was choking down his long cock.Besides the cavalry, the elf archers were the next biggest threat to eliminate.  Not that they were given much time to mount an effective defense.  The drow archers hunted them down with brutal efficiency, picking them off until only a handful of them remained.  Five terrified women crowded behind a boulder that wasn’t nearly large enough to keep them effectively covered, darting out just long enough to keep the drow soldiers at bay.  It was a struggle they were losing, and they all knew it, but it didn’t keep them from trying.Kaylessa Farfiel boosted herself up to peek over the top of the boulder, hoping the unexpected appearance and elevated perspective would give her a chance to get a proper look at the enemy’s numbers and maybe even pick one or two off.  She barely even got a glimpse of the advancing drow troops before the sharpened tip of an arrow punched through her forehead.  She fell without ceremony or grace, stiff-limbed and slack-faced.  Kaylessa launched the arrow notched into her bow as she dropped away from the boulder, firing it uselessly into the heavy stone.  Her arms flopped to her sides, already dead, while her long legs kicked about, digging her heels into the dirt as she humped the air and pissed herself.Shelara Roro rushed to her fallen friend’s body.  On some level, she knew there was nothing that could be done for the woman, but her mind was too clouded to stop herself.  As she reached for Kaylessa’s dumb-struck face, a small cloud of descending arrows rained down on the pair.  Sharpened metal tips punctured both living and dead flesh, allowing the slender wooden shafts to sink deeply into Shelara and Kaylessa.  Shelara grunted as an arrow punched through the back of her shoulder.  Another sliced across the side of her neck before plunking into Kaylessa’s belly.  She took one to her calf, one through her left wrist, and the dozen or so remaining arrows made a bloody pincushion out of her back as she slumped over her dead friend.Ysildea Oriior had been struggling to hold herself together.  Seeing Kaylessa and Shelara killed pushed her past the point she could handle.  Ignoring the impending danger, she darted out from behind the boulder, thinking only of escape.  The drow archers were ready for her.  She made it only a few steps before a trio of arrows slammed into her back.  Her movements faltered, legs wobbling before giving out.  She landed hard on her knees before faceplanting into the dirt, straining to breathe through her punctured lungs.  Her plump buttocks became an irresistible target for the archers.  Ysildea’s face constricted with fresh pain as an arrow ripped through the perky flesh of her right ass cheek.  The next shot came in lower, embedding itself in her upper thigh.  Her hands clawed at the ground, tried to keep moving, but she could only squirm as her upraised posterior was filled with more arrows.  As her life fluttered away, the last thing the doomed elf felt as a particularly well aimed arrow sheathing itself into her cunt, tip lodged through her uterus, before she finally settled into death.A few terrible moments were all it took to leave Nakiasha Liarel and Aleratha Lorakalyn all alone, cowering behind the boulder amidst the fresh carcasses of their fellow archers.  They notched arrows into their bows, hoping to prepare themselves for the drow soldiers they heard rushing them down.  Nakiasha let her arrow fly the moment she caught sight of movement.  Her aim suffered from her haste, sending the projectile shooting uselessly over the enemy soldier’s head.  Aleratha managed to do something to defend herself, at least, unleashing her final arrow into another drow soldier’s gut.  She could only hope that the wound would prove to be fatal, giving her some form of delayed vengeance for the atrocities about to be committed upon her.Nakiasha dropped her bow, stumbling back as she watched the drow swarm around the boulder.  One snatched Aleratha and threw her to the ground on her hands and knees, moving after her to start tugging at her clothing.  Others went to inspect Kaylessa, Shelara, and Ysildea’s bodies, lust clearly undeterred by the women’s lack of life.  For a few precious moments, Nakiasha thought she might be sparred, overlooked in all the chaos.  It would not be the first time.  She was not ugly, but in terms of elven beauty, she was noticeably plain looking.  It had been the source of a fair amount of self-loathing and had even contributed to her decision to join the military.  Now, it seemed, her unnoteworthy looks might work for her instead of against her.Then she heard the chittering laughter from behind and above her.  Nakiasha turned slowly, head tilting back, face scrunching up with horror as she stared aghast at the trio of goblins who’d climbed the boulder.  They leered down at her, waving and jerking their cocks in her direction.  The elf turned and tried to run as the goblins dropped onto her, small hands gripping tightly and pulling her to the ground.  She thrashed about wildly, trying to shake them loose as they tore at her clothing.  One of the goblins – Teetmorx – hopped on the back of her head, smashing her face into the loose soil again and again until she was too dazed to put up an effective fight.Rolling the disoriented elf onto her back, the goblins continued to strip her, leaving her clothing in tatters.  She wasn’t fully nude, but any portion of her body she may have considered intimate was revealed to them.  The two who’d spent their time removing the majority of Nakiasha’s pants – Biaq and Sliggeg – tugged her legs apart.  Sliggeg moved between her thighs while Biaq crawled onto her belly, each of them guiding their impish faces to her exposed loins.  Biaq’s clawed thumbs peeled Nakiasha’s cunt lips apart, revealing the glistening pink flesh within.  The goblin slurped at the small nub of her clit while Sliggeg jabbed his tongue into her pussy.  Nakiasha’s cheeks blushed with humiliated pleasure.  She slapped a hand across her lips to stifle the unexpected moan as the goblins showed her just how skilled they were with their mouths.While the others lathered the elf’s cunt in their saliva, Teetmorx fixed his attention on the woman’s modest breasts.  One small hand gripped the pliant flesh of one, kneading at the soft mound while his lips smacked hungrily over the nipple of her other tit.  The goblins were known for being skilled tinkerers, but machinery was not the only thing they enjoyed tinkering with.  A woman’s body was not so different from any other mechanical design.  Twist the right nobs, turn the right dials, and certain effects could be accomplished with relative ease.  The three goblins working Nakiasha over were very accomplished engineers of flesh.  Despite the elf’s despair and shame, the orgasmic sensations overwhelmed her.  When he felt she was ready, Teetmorx reached up and guided her hand away from her moaning lips, chuckling as she allowed him to unleash her cries of ecstasy without even a hint of struggle.As the goblins continued to break Nakiasha into becoming an obedient and wanton whore, Aleratha suffered a much less pleasant fate.  Of the two surviving elf archers, she was far more fetching.  Straight black hair that stretched down to the curve of her pert buttocks, snow white skin with icicles for eyes, and breasts that retained a stunning perkiness despite their size.  If her final shot hadn’t drawn drow blood, she’d have been a prime candidate for becoming a slave to the invading race.  The gut-shot drow might have survived the wound she’d caused, but he could no longer function in battle, so he was promptly dispatched.  With a drow soldier’s death on her shoulders, Aleratha’s life was forfeit.  Not that the other drow gathered around her much cared for vengeance.  They mostly took it as a chance to use her roughly and to the point of expiration without fear of consequences.When Trelgath Vrammyr moved behind Aleratha, she’d already been thoroughly used.  Her asshole hung open, pussy leaking the combined seed of the half-dozen men who’d used her already.  Not that he cared.  Feeding his cock up her gaping rear, Trelgath easily worked his way into a steady rhythm of spirited pumps.  He picked up the elf’s bow, admiring its elegant design.  Like the woman who’d wielded the weapon, it was a thing of beauty.  It seemed only fitting to use the bow against her.  Turning it in his hands, Trelgath pulled the taut bowstring over Aleratha’s head and pulled it back across her throat.  The sudden clenching of her mostly ruined anal muscles added some much needed stimulation to his thrusts.  His fingers tightened around the curved length of intricately carved wood, pulling back harder, crushing the elf’s throat closed as he forced her up onto her knees.Aleratha brought her hands up, fingers digging into her skin as she tried to work them under the bowstring.  Her mouth gaped open, tongue dragging across her lips as urgent gags crept through her mostly constricted windpipe.  The expansive pale flesh of her breasts danced seductively, soft pink nipples tight from her fear.  She mashed the meat of her ass against her rapist, gyrating against him as she fought against the asphyxiation.  Tears obscured her vision, face growing hot and damp with sweat as her complexion turned a bright shade of red.  Spots of crimson tinged the whites of her eyes, contrasting against the vibrant blue of her irises.  When clawing the bowstring away didn’t work, she stretched her arms back, pawing at the drow.  Saliva poured from her open mouth, pouring over her chin and layering the tops of her breasts.  Her brain grew hazy as her strangulation continued, struggling to remember why she was so terrified, what the fleshy rod lodged so deep up her ass was.  Aleratha’s struggles slackened, arms growing heavy as her face went purple.  She gave off awkward jerks, the sound of fleshy smacking growing dim in her dying ears.With a satisfied groan, Trelgath fired his seed into Aleratha’s bowels.  A heavy spray of urine drained out of her, washing away some of the cum clinging to the insides of her trembling thighs.  Her bulging eyes were rolled up, showing only a bloodshot crimson.  Releasing his hold on the bow, the dead elf flopped forward, jizz-packed ass propped into the air.Only a handful of magically endowed elves had been assigned to the rescue mission, meant to operate as support for the foot soldiers.  Their abilities made them prime targets, immediately marked for termination.  It wasn’t long before only two elven mages remained, fighting desperately to keep their lives.  Ghilanna Jobalar and Lierin Morixsys stood only a few feet apart, working together in their attempt to beat back the powerful drow wizard who faced them.  The man – Koszar Nirune – had been having some fun with the pair, amused by their attempts to overwhelm his magic with their own.  The two were novices, that much was very clear, barely dangerous enough to qualify for execution.  But orders were orders.  As he watched Ghilanna conjure a ball of rumbling fire into her palm, he prepared to finish the encounter.Blinking the sweat from her eyes, Ghilanna cocked her arm back and flung the fireball at Koszar.  The sphere of flickering flames made it only halfway to its target before its trajectory shifted.  With a casual wave of his hand, Koszar took control of Ghilanna’s conjured flame and gave it an extra burst of energy and speed, shooting it into the second mage’s ill-prepared body.  Lierin shrieked as the fireball exploded over her, enveloping her in scorching heat.  The flicker of orange flames consumed her, shifting into a pale blue as the fire intensified.  Her clothing was burned to cinders in an instant, the naked flesh beneath glowing at the heart of the inferno before the devastation of the wildfire proved too much for her inherent magical resistances.Ghilanna stared at the screaming plume of fire, horrified and guilt-ridden as she watched Lierin’s flesh sloshing away from her blackened bones.  The loss of focus proved fatal as Koszar closed the distance to her.  She managed a half-formed plea for mercy before the wizard’s hands came up, clutching at the sides of her head.  As Lierin’s shrieks faded away, Ghilanna’s began as powerful arcs of crackling electricity shot from the drow’s fingers and into her head.  Her body flailed about, muscle control stolen from her by the electrocution.  Saliva boiled in her mouth, steaming past her lips, eyes turning red as blood vessels exploded within them.  Blood leaked from her ears as her brain tore itself apart from the electrical convulsions running through her.  A simple flex of his fingers was all Koszar needed to drive the final jolt of power needed to cause the elf’s head to explode within his grip.  He let the flow of electricity slacken, releasing his hold on the shuddering corpse and letting it drop to the ground.The elven army’s foot soldiers were the most numerous branch, capable soldiers well-trained to defend themselves.  But with their support systematically stripped away from them and their general struggling to organize them into some manner of effective fight force against the unexpectedly large attack, they proved hopelessly ineffective against the wave of death and rape that washed over them.  Entire squads of soldiers were cut down, butchered where they lay.  An unlucky few survived the onslaught, hauled away to join the rest of the elf prisoners on their way to a life of sexual servitude.Argha the Butcher, a giant of an orc wielding a giant meat cleaver, had charged into the fray, eager to begin the slaughter.  He felt little in the way of sexual desire for the elves he hacked to bits, getting off on the act of chopping them into bloody slabs of meat.  Arilemna Uriwynn had been one of his victims.  He’d take exquisite joy in slamming his blood-soaked blade through her soft flesh, reducing her to a gruesome pile of carnage.  Once she’d been broken down, he moved on, already setting his sights on another sow ready for harvesting.  The drow soldiers following in the orc’s wake had their own degrees of bloodlust, but their regular lust was stronger, albeit not very discerning.  The Butcher’s leftovers became their fresh playthings as they gathered up the discarded pieces of Arilemna and found creative means of violating them.  Tangles of guts used as masturbatory aids, cocks sliding through all of her natural orifices and a few of the gory slashes that had been created during her butchering.  Their cum blended with her blood, soaked her organs, left her as an even more disgusting pile of slop.Aravae Virquinal witnessed every moment of Arilemna’s gory demise.  She’d had little choice in the matter, being pinned beneath a drow soldier as he drove roughly into her bared cunt.  The pain and humiliation of her rape was bad, but it wasn’t until she saw Argha stomping towards her that she truly began to panic.  The drow groaned, fucking her harder, as the orc chopped his way through Aravae left arm, breaking it down into three pieces at her wrist, elbow, and shoulder.  Each hack of the cleaver made the woman howl, her body jerking beneath him, pussy hugging him tighter.  Argha yanked her left leg out to the side, far enough to avoid hitting the drow soldier as he went to work on the limb.  The soldier kept on hammering away at Aravae’s diminishing form until she was nothing more than a torso and a head.  The woman’s now weak screams came to an end as the Butcher brought his cleaver down across her neck.  The soldier drew free from the elf’s pissing slit, rising to his feet as the orc hefted the woman’s head high into the air, letting out a triumphant bellow.  When the head was lowered, the soldier was waiting for it, accepting it from the Butcher and sheathing his aching prick up the back of Aravae’s throat.There was little in the way of triumph to be found on the elf side of the battle.  Victories were meager compared to losses.  A few particularly skilled soldiers stood out among the majority.  Phaerille Leogeon was one of those few.  Even with the tide turned firmly against her, surrounded by adversaries and hopelessly outnumbered, she fought with determined bravery, cutting down the enemy at every turn.  Her movements were fluid and smooth, performing a deadly dance as she gave herself over completely to the flow of the fight, moving from one target to the next.  When a drow finally managed to land a fatal strike to her, it came just as fast.  The sharp blade cut her throat with smooth ease, blood rolling down her chest as she made it several more steps before she realized something was wrong.  Her experienced sword tumbled from her hands as they reached up to clasp around the deep gouge.  Her face constricted with confusion and sadness as she dropped to her knees, the exhaustion of her performance catching up to her fast now that she was bleeding out.The drow responsible for cutting the skilled soldier’s throat denied her an honorable passing, stepping before her and yanking her hands away from her neck.  He shoved the head of his erection through the wound he’d given her, plugging her torn esophagus and fucking his way up into her mouth.  He watched her upturned face growing pale as her hot blood pumped over his thrusting shaft and across his swaying balls.  The light in her eyes was still twinkling as he came, a flow of cum dribbling from her lips.  Satisfied, he slid free of the woman’s severed throat and shoved her to the ground where she finished bleeding out.In terms of body counts attributed to singular entities within the extermination of the elf army, it was hard for even the Butcher to compete against Turot.  The ogre had a significant size and durability advantage with a desire to kill that matched anyone else on the battlefield.  After stomping the badly beaten Keishara Balgwyn’s head into a messy paste, he snatched up Cithrel Dorsandoral into one huge hand.  She kicked and flailed, punching at the tough flesh of his wrist as he tugged aside his loin cloth to reveal his gargantuan cock.  He did not bother stripping the snared elf.  He had no need to.  He simply brought her down onto the tip of his member, pushing hard between her legs until he ripped through the clothing and forced his way into her terribly undersized cunt.  As her legs popped from their sockets, Cithrel’s struggles faded away, reduced to helpless squirming and screaming.Turot fucked his way up into the elf’s gut, using only a third of his horrifying length to violate her.  Her twisted intestines became tangled around his cockhead, organs massaging his sensitive flesh before they were popped and flattened.  Cithrel’s body vibrated as the ogre’s daunting load surged up his shaft.  She choked on the cum that rushed up the back of her throat, watching in horror as her slender belly expanded at an alarming rate.  The ogre closed his fingers around the upper portion of her body, easily ripping the woman in half and unleashing the torrent of jizz packed into her.  He chucked her still-living upper half aside, taking hold of her flopping legs to continue fucking her lower half.  The blend of drow and goblins that converged on Cithrel’s upper half were amused by the elf’s tenacious life, dropping over her to use her mouth and cleavage to satisfy their urges.Given the horrors transpiring across the battlefield and the clear signs that the elves would not be winning the fight, no one could judge Rallientha Raloynore for the treacherous cowardice that claimed her heart.  That was how she felt, at least, as she threw down her sword and ran towards the drow soldiers.  She’d seen how the drow were taking some of the women prisoner.  A life spent servicing the invading race was still a life.  Her hands went to her chest, urgently tugging open her uniform and freeing her breasts.  “I submit!” she called, desperation in her words and her eyes.  She shook her perky tits, cradling the mounds of flesh in her hands.  “I will do anything to serve you!  Please!  Take me!”A glimmer of hope shined in Rallientha’s eyes as a drow soldier approached her.  “Do you like what you see?” she offered, giving him a flirtatious smile.  “I’ll be yours.  I’ll be your dirty little wh-urk!”The soldier ended her seductive words with the tip of his sword, shoving it through the pale flesh of her cleavage without hesitation.  In truth, the drow did like what he saw – the elf’s tits were perfect – but he liked the look of shocked betrayal on her face more.  Her legs failed her and he let her drop to her knees, pathetic sobs pouring out of her as she begged him for a reason why he didn’t want her.  He yanked his sword back through her chest, casually stepping behind her.  He silenced her sobs with another strike of his sword, hacking Rallientha’s head from her shoulders.Syllana had no more troops to command.  They were all either dead or captured.  The sight of the battlefield littered with corpses – the women nearly all violated – stirred her rage as she was subdued by the drow soldiers.  Her fear was minimal.  She was a general and, beyond that, a daughter of the ruling family.  She was far too valuable to kill.  Likely the scum would ransom her off back to the kingdom.  They would have their fun with her.  That much was obvious as her captors tore her armor and the clothing beneath it away, freeing and rubbing at their offensive pricks.  Beasts will be beasts, she thought, shifting her glare from one male to the next, committing each of their faces to memory with the intent of hunting them down and killing them later.The drow soldiers dragged Syllana, naked and frothing with fury, in front of the gathering of enslaved elf women deemed worthy enough to keep alive.  She recognized some of them as soldiers in her army, ashamed to see what had been done to them, what they’d been reduced to.  She’d expected the women she commanded – more so than the men – to represent stalwart examples of excellence.  Seeing even a handful of them reduced to drooling, moaning whores disappointed her greatly.  The faces she didn’t recognized she assumed had been residents of the small town that had been the start of this whole nightmare.  Syllana judged them less harshly, but not by much.  If they’d been stronger, better prepared for the attack that had doomed their town, her army would still be intact.  All of this for a few miserable peasants, she thought, bitterness staining her mind.Firming her jaw, Syllana glowered at the horde of mixed races.  “Come on, then,” she barked in a challenging tone.  “Show me what pathetic men you are.  Do what you like to me with your filthy cocks.  You will not break me.”With such a bold challenge thrown down, the drow army could not resist the defiant general’s allure.  Syllana did her best to show the captive elves how strong she was as she was pulled around between the horny hordes of males, holes stuffed with their rigid flesh and skin layered in their horrid seed.  She fell into a kind of meditative trance, ignoring the sensations flowing through her body, even as the talented goblins teased and fucked her with their fingers and tongues.  The lack of response was impressive as her body was forced through one orgasm after the next, pounded and violated and used in every sense of the word.  The mass rape went on for hours, leaving her tired but no less defiant.  The first shimmer of emotion other than quiet anger came as her eyes fixed upon the albino drow woman moving towards her.  Her pale flesh was shocking, as was the authority she seemed to wield amongst the army of purely male troops.Syllana’s body felt heavy, from the fatigue of her overworked muscles and the layers of cum covering every inch of her skin.  The majority of the seed had grown cold, causing her to shiver.  “Are you the bitch in charge?” she growled out as Irae stopped before her.  “If you want me to submit, you’re going to be very disappointed.”Irae responded with a condescending smile.  She extended a hand towards the general, placing her thumb against the center of Syllana’s forehead.  She rubbed away the jizz covering her so she could get a proper touch against her skin.  The elf tried to pull away but found that she couldn’t.  Irae’s thumb felt fused to her skin, despite there being no obvious connection between them.  Then the pain came.  A sharp stabbing streak from the base of her skull, curling up through her brain, and out through the point the drow albino touched her at.  The pain- though short lived – was strong enough to succeed where the endless stream of rapes had failed.  Syllana let out a cry of agony, tears breaking free to roll down her cum-smeared cheeks.  Then Irae removed her thumb and stepped back.  The agony remained, although diminished, along with an icy dread.  Syllana stared up at Irae with a new form of shock.  “What are you?” she muttered, feeling as if some critical piece of her very essence had just been stolen from her.Irae gave her no response, maintaining her smile as she turned and moved away from the kneeling general.Having proven himself during the brutal slaughter of the elven army, Turot was given the honor of executing the elf general.  The woman’s face filled with unease as she heard the thudding stomps of the ogre approaching her from behind.  She turned her head, looking back and up to the lumbering beast advancing on her, staring at the hideous length of his battering ram cock.  “I… wait…” she gasped, turning to fix her gaze on Irae.  “I’m important.  I am the general of this army, the daughter of the ruling family.  You have to keep me alive.  You have to ransom me back, or keep me enslaved.  You can’t… kill me!  I’m too important to die!”  She aimed a finger at the collection of captured women.  “You’re supposed to kill those commoner bitches, you idiot.  They’re expandable!”Syllana’s bafflement of the drow’s decision became pure panic as Turot’s massive hand closed around her waist.  The feeling of weightlessness overcame her as the hulking behemoth hefted her into the air before him.  She brought her hands down, trying to claw her fingers into the ogre’s fingers.  The bulbous tip of the ogre’s member pressed against the cleft of her firm buttocks.  She shook her head wildly, spirit finally and suddenly broken as she felt the instrument of her ultimate destruction knocking at her tight asshole.  “Get off of me, you filthy beast!” she howled, eyes wide with bestial panic.  The captives watched as the proud, self-centered general became a screeching mess, humbled by the unstoppable might of the ogre’s eager cock-flesh.  The cum draining from her throughly raped asshole sloshed across the tip of Turot’s dick, lubricating him.  Not that the ogre needed much in the form of lubrication to gain entrance to the squirming woman’s rear.  He had more than enough strength and experience to achieve that goal.  Tightening his grip on her, he yanked her back against his erection, drawing a high-pitched howl from Syllana’s lips as he wedged the tip of his cock into her ass, snapping her sphincter and fucking a thick bulge against her slender belly.Syllana’s mouth gaped open, the perfect representation of pure agony frozen in place, as Turot forced two feet of his massive flesh-rod into her body.  He ripped through her bowels, pulped her organs and left her intestines stretched and tangled around his girth.  Uncurling his fingers from around Syllana’s distended gut, the ogre planted his palms across the tops of her shoulders.  A hard, downward shove left the head of his prick lodged within her rib cage.  Syllana gagged, vomited a violent spray of gore, and then fell into a series of repetitive, hoarse screams of agonized horror.  Her brow furrowed with misery, tilting her face back as a thick shadow fell across her.  She shook her head dumbly as the ogre lowered his hand over her, closing his fingers gently around the crown of her skull.Syllana’s shrieks radiated over the prisoners.  They listened to their prideful general’s psychotic, horrified howls as the ogre slowly stretched her head upwards, straining the elf’s spine, skin, and muscle.  Whatever admiration they had for the woman vanished completely as they watched her transformed into a pathetic slab of weak flesh, unable to save herself, unwilling to defend them.  Her opinion of them had been made clear in the moments before the start of her perverse execution.  None of the prisoners shed a tear for Syllana as she suffered.  They had their own problems to deal with.Turot pulled slowly, stretching Syllana’s neck like a fleshy length of taffy.  The pop of her vertebrae giving way sent a wild series of spasms through her face, screams intensifying.  A gruesome seem of tearing skin started at the base of her neck and quickly dragged around the circumference.  Blood sprayed from the ragged seam, gushing across her chest and down her back, washing away the layer of spunk in a sea of crimson.  The elf’s screams became a wet whistling as Turot pried her misery-stricken head away from her flailing body.  Syllana’s face was just slackening into death as the ogre got off on her body’s death spasms.  A violent eruption of thick spunk shot from her ragged neck stump, soaking her decapitated head thoroughly before washing the sheen of blood away from her body, returning it to a cum-glazed state.After proudly displaying the general’s head to the prisoners and the cheering drow soldiers, Turot lowered it into Irae’s waiting hands.  He turned away, continuing to enjoy the dead woman’s body.  Irae wiped the layer of fresh ogre jizz away from Syllana’s horrified visage, frozen in death.  Her fingers nimbly moved across the cooling meat, forcing the small sliver if life she’d stolen from the elf back into her.  With her diaphragm shredded and her lungs far out of reach, Syllana had no way of truly expressing the pain and terror she felt as she was brought back to life in a ghoulish fashion.  Irae laughed, leaning in to hungrily lick away the blend of cum and blood covering the undead elf head’s face.  “Don’t look so surprised, my dear,” she purred, fingering Syllana’s torn throat hole.  “Don’t you know that you’re too important to die?  We have to return you to your parents.  They’ll be so surprised to see you.”

This is an especially brutal story, filled with torture, rape, and snuff. Be sure this is a thing you want to read before continuing. Nimor Imphraezl stretched out on the well-cushioned cot, releasing a low groan of tired relief.  His muscles ached – some more than others – from the extensive work he’d performed over the course of the long night, but his mind was fresh with the vivid memories of the pleasure he’d taken from his grisly business.  While Irae led the drow’s military forces to ensure the bulk of the elf army was taken care of, he’d taken a smaller group of assassins deeper into the elf territory, infiltrating their capitol city.  There weren’t many elves left to guard the city, and none of them expected to an enemy force to attack.  As Nimor prepared to get some much-deserved rest, he did so with the knowledge that the meager fighting force remaining in the elf city had been dealt with, most of them swiftly carried into death as they slept, knives dragged across their throats.But there had been a few special cases that Nimor had happily handled himself.  Slipping a hand down the front of his pants, he felt his member stirring despite his fatigue as he thought over the fun he’d had over the course of the night.Earlier that night…Ialantha Neridithas was stirred from her sound slumber by an odd noise.  With the fog of sleep still clogging her thoughts, it took the young priestess a few moments to locate the source of the sound.  There were a half-dozen beds in the communal sleeping quarters.  The sound came from the bed adjacent to hers – the one belonging to Pyria Aeqirelle.  Ialantha’s eyes went wide, hand moving up to cover a shocked gasp, as she realized what was happening.  Pyria had snuck a man into the temple.  She could see his dark figure lying over Pyria, grinding into her with steady strokes.  They were doing their best to keep the volume of their lovemaking down, but it was obvious what they were up to.Priestesses were expected to maintain their purity throughout their lives.  The fact that many of them didn’t was a semi-open secret.  As long as they didn’t flaunt their trysts or got themselves pregnant, the dalliances were largely ignored.  The fact that Pyria had invited her lover into the temple to tend to her needs was incredibly risky.  But as Ialantha watched the shadowy figures moving against each other, she didn’t give a single thought to sounding the alarm.  Her own purity was still intact, but it did not relieve her of her own desires.  So the young elf stayed quiet as she carefully worked a hand into the loose clothing she wore, fingers wandering across the warm lips of her cunt.  She wiggled her index finger into her tight hole, trying to imagine how a real cock would feel inside her, jealous of Pyria for getting to experience the genuine act.Pyria was not having the fun Ialantha thought she was.  She stared up at the drow assassin with wide, tear-filled eyes, struggling to cry out through her mostly constricted throat.  Nimor leered down at her, grinding his hips forward as he slid his rigid cock into her clenching pussy.  He’d slipped into the temple unseen and had easily killed all but two of the priestesses snuggled up into their beds with ease.  They’d been beauties, all of them, but Pyria and Ialantha had stood out amongst them.  Pyria with her golden hair and angular features, Ialantha with her youthful cuteness and pixie-cut black hair.  They demanded his full, terrible attention.  Digging his thumbs into Pyria’s bruised throat, he drove into her harder, happy that he would have the chance to fully enjoy the elf’s body before needing to dispatch her.Nimor was well aware of Ialantha’s eyes on him.  He’d sensed her stirring even before she’d been roused fully from her sleep.  He’d been primed and ready to snap his unwilling lover’s neck and dart over to the adjacent bed if need be.  But the young priestess had given him an unexpected, but very amusing, surprise.  Instead of calling for help, she’d started to masturbate.  Dumb girl thinks her friend’s having a midnight rendezvous, he thought, grinning down at Pyria’s flushed, sweaty face.  I imagine she wishes I was over there right now, giving her the hard fuck I’m giving her friend here.  Don’t worry, my dear, I’ll be with you shortly.Nimor leaned in, kissing against Pyria’s lips and sucking at her bulging tongue, both for his own pleasure as well as to further push the illusion that he was the priestess’s secret lover instead of her killer.  The way her hands pawed at him, fingernails digging into his arms, made it look like she was writhing in barely restrained ecstasy.  As her struggles faltered, bulging eyes filling with the horror of her oncoming death, Nimor quickened his strokes.  He grunted softly across her discolored face as the final shudders of her life rolled through her sweaty body, the damp heat of her spilled urine flowing across his pulsing member as he drained his hot load into her trembling sex.  He remained entwined with her limp form for a few moments longer, subtly reaching up to close her bloodshot eyes.  In the shadows, the bruises around her throat weren’t immediately obvious and with her eyes closed, Pyria looked as if she were sleeping off the vigorous pounding she’d endured.Ialantha frowned as she watched Pyria and her mystery lover reach the culmination of their carnal act.  Her cunt was soaked with juices, but she’d not yet managed to get off.  Not wanting to be caught spying, she carefully eased her fingers out of her sticky snatch and smoothly rolled onto her side, facing away from Pyria’s bed.  She let her eyes slip closed, miming sleep.  She’d maintain the façade until she heard the man slip out of the room, maybe a little longer to ensure Pyria had succumbed to the fatigue of her promiscuous behavior, then she could finish herself off.  Her loins burned, demanding attention, cunt lips throbbing from her stirred arousal.  As she waited impatiently for the man to leave, she decided that she’d waited too long to find a secret lover for herself.  She needed a proper fucking, and soon.  Ialantha turned her thoughts to all the handsome young men she knew, mentally auditioning them for the role she so desperately needed.Ialantha gasped as the blanket covering her was lifted.  Pyria’s mystery man slid smoothly onto the bed behind her, the stiff tip of his erection pressing against her buttocks.  Did Pyria catch me watching?  Did she ask him to give me some attention before he left?  With her body thoroughly aroused and mind primed with an urgent need for sex, she didn’t give the questions much thought.  She whimpered softly as one of the man’s hands slid around her to cup her perky breast.  Ialantha adjusted her legs, parting her thighs to allow the man to slip his member between them.  Her breath quickened as she felt the tip of his cock drag through the damp cleft of her pussy.  The sensation of his hot, firm flesh rubbing against her sent her to the cusp of her illusive orgasm.  When he adjusted himself to push into her, she barely managed to take his cockhead into her before she went tense, burying her face in her pillow as she moaned loudly, tears of pleasure bursting from her tightly shut eyes.The glorious tightness of Ialantha’s virgin cunt helped Nimor resist letting out a cackle of mockery at how willing the little priestess slut was.  She did not care that he was a stranger to her, her lust blinding her to just how still he’d left Pyria.  He happily plunged his full length up her gripping snatch, enjoying the spastic convulsions of her urgent orgasms around him.  He kneaded the flesh of her tit, pulling it free from the loose fabric of her white negligee.  She leaned into his groping, pushing her ass back to meet his thrusts.  For a first timer, Ialantha found the natural rhythm of sex with surprising ease.  She was so engrossed with the pleasure his strokes forced into her that she didn’t even find the means to resist him as his hand slid up from her chest to close his fingers firmly around her slender throat.By the time a spark of panic shot through Ialantha, Nimor already had his other arm snaked between her body and the bed, hooked around her to hold her body firmly as his grip tightened around her throat.  The young priestess’s brief foray into a waking erotic fantasy became a cruel nightmare as she wheezed to catch oxygen in her straining lungs.  Flecks of saliva sprayed from her lips as they pulled back, revealing bared teeth.  Her body jerked, trying to tug away from her mystery lover but only managing to grind her smooth ass back against his forceful pumps.  The smooth, stiff flesh of his cock buried inside her wet sex still felt incredibly, but the pleasant tingles radiating up through her overstimulated loins were now tinged with terror.  Her fear spiked to greater heights when she managed to catch a glimpse of her lover’s skin.  She’d assumed his dark visage had been a result of the thick shadows dousing the room.  In truth, his complexion was a glossy obsidian, revealing his drow heritage.How?  How is he here?  Ialantha’s panicked thoughts rushed through her mind, wavering as fresh jolts of orgasmic release were forced into her.  She was aware of that a large portion of the army had gone out to handle a drow raid, but she’d believed enough soldiers had remained behind to keep them all safe.  A drow attack at the heart of the capitol city felt like an impossible scenario, even with the cruel drow assassin’s fingers strangling the life out of her.  Her arms shot out, fingers clawing towards the bed opposite from her.  With her impending demise rushing towards her, Ialantha managed to see a little clearer in the dark, the details of the priestess across from her coming into focus.  The woman’s eyes were closed, but she was no longer sleeping.  The deep gash across the front of her throat was still leaking a slow flow of her blood into the bedsheets, but the woman’s heart had stopped some time ago.  She didn’t need to see the state of the other priestesses in the room to know that none of them could help her.Being the last priestess left alive in the temple, Nimor took a little extra time with Ialantha.  He savored the young woman’s terror and the way she couldn’t control her body as she writhed against his probing cock.  She leaked her cunt honey over his shaft, leaving behind a wet patch of bedding between them.  Her urgent gurgling inspired him to fuck her harder.  She could not hide how much she enjoyed the rough, fatal treatment he was giving her, no matter how much it shamed her.  He could have happily spent the rest of the night tormenting her, raping her again and again in her various holes, until he finally grew tired of her.  But there were other victims to attend to, much work to be done under the cover of darkness while the elves remained oblivious to the threat infesting their city.  As his balls tightened, he clamped down around Ialantha’s bruised throat and worked to finish both her and himself off.  He came hard into her dying cunt, certain that she still had just enough life left in her to feel the first and final load of hot male spunk being fed into her sexy body.  He maintained his grip on her until he finished draining his cum into her.  Withdrawing from her sticky slit, Nimor slid out of the bed, letting Ialantha’s limp corpse to roll onto her back.  He left her dead eyes open, staring blankly at the rafters as he moved silently from the room and back out into the night.Jastira Balvyre had been ecstatic when she’d earned the privilege of becoming Rania Orimvar’s apprentice.  The woman was a well-renowned wizard and to be taught by her would give her the tools required to become just as powerful.  The demands of her apprenticeship had required her to move in with Rania.  The older elf was as remarkable a teacher as she was a physical beauty.  When the motherly love and tutelage Rania showed Jastira became something more, the young woman had been surprised once more.  Her training was impacted only slightly as their relationship bloomed.  Their days were spent engaging in expanding Jastira’s magical prowess, while their nights were dominated by Rania training the young elf in other forms of physical magic.Nimor discovered the pair shortly after one of those strenuous sessions, tightly entwined in their shared bed, skin still glistening with the sweat they’d shed during their passionate act.  They hardly stirred as he drizzled a slick oil across their naked flesh.  The oil was imbued with magical properties.  As it soaked into their pores, it negated their inherent abilities, cutting off their connection to the mystical forces they called upon.  Without the aid of their spells, the pair would be little danger to him.  Nimor gave the oil time to work as he worked a powerful tonic into the fabric of a dirty rag.  Confident that Jastira and her mistress were magically neutered, he leaned across their slumbering forms and clamped the rag over Rania’s mouth and nose.  Her eyes shot open, surprise flashing in them before the tonic tugged her back into an unconscious state.  Jastira lifted her head, groggily blinking up at him.  She let out a startled yell that he muffled with the damp rag.  In moments, both elves were reduced to unconscious, drugged heaps, giving Nimor all the time he needed to arrange them for the fun he had in mind.The ropes he used on them came from Rania’s personal belongings.  They were a creation of her own design, made to enhance the physical sensations the bound person felt.  As he laid the apprentice across the end of the worktable, he easily spotted the chaffing of her skin where the ropes had previously bound her.  He chuckled as he worked the magic ropes around the marks, tying her down to the table with her bare ass left on display.  Hauling Rania over, he trussed her up similarly.  In their restrained positions, they could look forward and see the other.  He force a pair of panties into each of the women’s mouths, using two more short lengths of rope to tie the gags into place.  All it took was a crack of smelling salts under their noses to rouse them from their drugged slumbers.  The women were alarmed by their predicament, but the real fear came when they realized they could not use their magical abilities to free themselves and fight their unexpected intruder off.Nimor paced around the two bound elves, leisurely admiring their impotent struggles while reaching out to grope their exposed buttocks.  The effects of the magical ropes became clear to him as he watched the pair writhe more urgently each time his fingers sank into the pliant flesh of their rumps.  Jastira seemed especially receptive to his touch, although her constricted face revealed how much she hated the feelings he forced into her.  He stopped behind her, swatting at her ass and laughing as she let out barely restrained groans.  The glare of hatred he caught from Rania was the last bit of incentive he needed to come to a decision regarding which of the two he wanted to start with.  Settling in behind Jastira, he pulled his cock free and drizzled some more of the oil into the crack of her ass.  He fingered the slick fluid up her rear, lubricating her effectively before pressing the thick head of his prick against her dampened sphincter.Rania’s muffled yells of protest only encouraged Nimor to plunge his way deeper into the apprentice wizard’s ass.  Jastira’s eyes bulged and crossed as the heightened sensations rushed through her.  She groaned, drool soaking into the crumpled wad of underwear in her mouth before leaking past her lips.  With the oil slickening his cock, the drow had little trouble ramming his full length into the young elf’s rear.  Her anal muscles clenched around him, hugging him firmly as he dragged back and forth inside her.  The pain and horror of her situation helped to diminish the pleasure enough that Jastira managed to hold onto her sanity.  She stared ahead at her teacher-turned-lover, tears leaking out of her eyes as she unleashed a tirade of muffled pleas for Rania to do something.  Rania helplessly struggled against the ropes holding her down, shedding her own tears as she watched her beloved apprentice suffer a vicious anal plundering.Nimor left Jastira’s asshole gaping, withdrawing from her and moving around the table to take aim at Rania’s exposed hole.  Taking hold of her hips, he worked his way into the elf, resuming his firm strokes, letting the wizard feel what her apprentice had suffered through moments ago.  Rania took her anal rape in stride, settling down a little now that she was the focus of Nimor’s perverse attentions.  Jastira watched Rania’s rape with dismay, but it wasn’t nearly as intense as the blend of terror and hatred that had flashed in the elder wizard’s eyes when he’d been playing with her apprentice.  He gave Rania’s ass a few more solid pumps before pulling free.  The older elf was already back to straining against her ropes wildly even before Nimor returned to Jastira.The apprentice’s asshole took his cock back with no resistance.  Nimor gave her a few firm strokes before drawing his dagger.  He held the curved blade up, letting Rania see the weapon while Jastira remained oblivious to its presence.  The frantic panic he saw spread across the elder wizard’s face brought a smile to his face.  He watched her spirit shatter, her defiance flowing away, replaced with an urgent pleading for her apprentice’s life.  The wizard would have offered him anything in that moment.  Her body, her obedience, her life, whatever strategic knowledge she possessed, any valuables or property she owned, anything at all, just to spare Jastira the fate he was presenting.Nimor slid the razor-edged blade against Jastira’s throat, let it linger there for a few moments so that Rania could soak in the reality of what she was about to witness.  With the enhanced sensations running through her, Jastira didn’t even realize the danger she was in until the drow was dragging the knife through her soft flesh.  Her eyes went wide, staring at the rush of blood spraying out of her and across the table.  Rania screamed into her gag, sobbing and flailing within her bindings as she watched her lover rapidly bleed out before her.  The wizard was a broken shell by the time Jastira’s head slumped forward, body shuddering into death as Nimor gave her inert form a few more quick thrusts.  He came into her bowels, barely losing any of his rigidity as he savored the elder elf’s misery.Nimor pulled out of the dead elf’s rear and walked back to Rania.  She glared up at him with bitter hatred and utter sadness.  With the tears glistening in her eyes, the assassin could think of no better target for his dagger.  He jabbed the tip through the wizard’s left eye, deflating the fleshy orb and scooping it out of the socket.  Flicking the ruined eye to the floor, he took hold of his cock and guided it to the bloody hole left behind.  He hooked his fingers around the back of Rania’s head, holding her firmly as he invaded her socket, mashing the tip of his erection against the back of it.  His fingers tightened within her hair, abs flexing as he gathered his strength.  With a hard, firm jab, Nimor bashed his way through the thin layer of bone and fucked half the length of his erection into Rania’s squishy brain.Rania’s remaining eye bulged, blood squirting from her nostrils.  Her body went tense before falling into a series of spastic convulsions.  Nimor caressed the brain-damaged wizard’s smooth hair as he dragged his cock back and forth through her bloody eye socket, fucking tunnels through her cerebral mass.  Her thighs flexed, toes clenching against the floor as a powerful spray of piss escaped her crotch.  Nimor chuckled at her shameful display, fucking her brain slowly but steadily, forcing her to suffer exquisitely as she slowly devolved into total oblivion.  Chunks of grey matter slipped around his shaft, leaking over the bridge of Rania’s nose to plop messily on the table.  Her convulsions settled into twitches and then nothing as the interior of her skull became a largely hollow, unsatisfying fuck-hole.  Nimor pulled his gore-smeared prick free and stroked himself to completion, leaving the dead elf’s slack face glazed in his seed.  Admiring his handywork, he tucked his spent cock away and slipped out of the room, leaving behind the gruesome remains of the lovers.Keya Nerilamin trudged her way to Lixiss Raloxisys’s office, muttering soft curse under her breath with each step.  Being the governess’s assistant was a lucrative position, at least for anyone who didn’t have to suffer working for the bitch of a woman.  The late hours were only one of many, many grievances Keya had in regards to her boss.  The woman was notoriously abusive, mean spirited, and prone to taking all of the credit for her beleaguered assistant’s hard work will sharing nothing in the way of gratitude.  Keya felt trapped.  Leaving the position was impossible.  Even if she had the chance of finding work with a less repugnant benefactor, she didn’t think it likely that Lixiss would allow her to leave without first smearing her professional and personal reputation.  The cunt was petty like that.Stepping into Lixiss’s office with an armful of scrolls, Keya was startled by the scene before her.  The governess, stripped bare and tied spread-eagle across the top of her desk.  The terror in the woman’s eyes told her it was no embarrassing rendezvous of kinky behavior she’d stumbled upon.  Keya let out a yelp as powerful hands gripped her by the shoulders, tugging her fully into the office.  She heard the door shut behind her, the scattering of the scrolls falling from her hands and toppling to the floor, before she was thrust against the wall, eye-to-eye with the man responsible for her employer’s dire predicament.  Keya saw certain death in the drow’s sparkling eyes, but her fear was short lived as her gaze shifted back to Lixiss.“You’re torturing her,” she gasped, unable to hide the awe on her face.Nimor nodded slowly, surprised that the elf wasn’t calling out for help and curious as to what it would lead to.Keya forced her eyes back to the man.  “You plan to kill her?”Again, Nimor nodded.“Let me help,” she insisted.Confusion spread across Nimor’s face.  “If you think this will save you…”Keya shook her head.  “I don’t care if it saves me.  But you don’t know what a nightmare this woman truly is.  If she’s meant to die tonight, just let me assist you.  I’ll be good.  And I promise not to fight you when it’s my time.”“What if I want you to fight me when it’s your time?” he asked, smirking.“Then that’s what I’ll do.  Anything.”  Her face hardened, a glimmer of sadistic excitement in her eyes as she looked back at Lixiss.  “Just let me hurt her a little.”After a moment of consideration, Nimor released his hold on her and stepped back, motioning to the victim tied across the desk.  “By all means, hurt her a lot if you desire it.  She’s in no position to stop you, and I have no desire to.”Keya seemed stunned that he’d actually agreed to let her torture Lixiss.  She slid away from the wall hesitantly, expecting him to change his mind and make another grab for her at any moment.  The notion of using her earned freedom to make a run from the room, to raise the alarm or get some kind of help, never crossed her mind.  As soon as she convinced herself the drow wasn’t going to immediately kill her, she focused all of her attention on the governess, all of the things she’d imagined doing to the woman over the years.  A wicked smirk filled her face as she stomped towards Lixiss’s bound form.  “It’s payback time, you bitch,” she muttered.Keya eyed her employer’s plentiful curves, as well as the welts already covering her.  The whip responsible for the wounds lay beside Lixiss.  She younger elf scooped up the whip, giving it a few testing swings.  She was already quite familiar with the whip, although she’d only ever been on the receiving end of it.  Lixiss enjoyed cracking it across her arms or ass if she didn’t perform her duties fast enough.  Taking a step back, Keya lashed out with the whip, delighting in Lixiss’s hiss of pain as a fresh welt rose across the tops of her breasts.  She drew back and struck again, quickly finding a rhythm and feeling her excitement grow with each mark she left on Lixiss’s body.Keya had expected the rush of satisfaction that came with torturing Lixiss, but the sudden surge of arousal surprised her.  The knowledge that the drow assassin was watching her, waiting to kill her, was a factor, but most of the lust came from seeing the governess stripped bare and helpless before her.  Tossing the whip down, she moved to the desk, leaning over and burying her face in the bound elf’s cunt.  She moaned against the hot folds, rubbing at her breasts before sliding a hand down between her thighs.  Keya lapped hungrily at Lixiss’s folds, wanting to humiliate her with unwanted pleasure.  She worked her hand into her pants, under her panties, and rubbed her clit with firm pressure.Lixiss’s juices began to flow against her will, her welted form writhing atop the desk as Keya’s tongue darted over her sex.  She felt the governess’s body begin to tremble; a muffled moan of dismay forced from her as a heavy gush of orgasmic fluids splashed across her tongue.  She whimpered into Lixiss’s pussy as she got herself off a moment later, fingers becoming soaked in her honey.  Rising away from the governess’s cunt, she licked her lips and looked back to Nimor, yearning in her eyes.  “Can I kill her?”Nimor frowned.  “How would you do it?”Keya scooped the whip back up.  “She loves this thing,” she explained.  “Her father gave it to her when she was young.  As long as I’ve known her, she’s never been far from it, constantly using it to abuse anyone who displeases her.  I’d wrap this whip around her throat and strangle her.  Let her die from the only thing in this world she truly cherishes.”“I like it,” he nodded, motioning to Lixiss.  “Go on, then.  Give me a good show and I’ll reward you.”Keya grinned and spun back to Lixiss, eyes lighting up with murderous glee.  It was so very strange.  She’d known the woman since her youth, had worked as her assistant for many years, but she’d found more kinship with a drow intent on murdering her in a handful of minutes than she’d developed with Lixiss over all that time.  She collected the whip and leaned over the governess, looping the thin line of leather around her throat.  “I wonder, do you even care that I’m going to die right after you do?  And the only reason for it is because you were so eager to have me dig up those scrolls, so that you could steal land that doesn’t rightfully belong to you.”  She let out a huff.  “I doubt it.  You’ve only ever cared about yourself.  But you’ll at least get to do one thing for me before I die.  You can suffer.”Clutching each end of the whip, Keya yanked it tight around Lixiss’s neck.  Her eyes fixed on the way the governess’s skin pressed inwards from the force of the leather biting into her.  She relaxed her hold, letting the whip loosen for a moment, before tugging it tight again, basking in the fact that she was controlling the woman’s fate.  Then she glanced up and saw the wild panic in Lixiss’s eyes and a slow laugh flowed out of her, rising in volume as she yanked at the whip.  Lixiss gagged wetly, a thin bruise circling the smooth skin of her throat as the whip bit into her.  Her body jerked atop the desk, sweaty breasts slapping against one another, thighs flexing as she strained against the ropes holding her down.The power she felt drove Keya wild.  She let Lixiss catch a few desperate gasps of fresh oxygen as she scrambled onto the desk and straddled the woman’s chest.  She spat into the governess’s flushed face before yanking the whip tight again.  “This is for every humiliation, every abuse, every cruel word you’ve ever rained down upon me,” she grunted, grinding her crotch against Lixiss’s belly.  She leaned down, dragging her tongue across the governess’s cheek to taste the salt of her tears.  Her hands began to ache from the tension in her knuckles, but she ignored it with ease, working the whip to prolong Lixiss’s suffering.  Nimor had wanted a show and she was giving him a splendid one, but even the reward he’d tempted her with meant nothing to her.  Ending the governess’s life slowly and painfully was all the reward she needed.When the life finally blinked out of Lixiss’s bulging eyes, drool leaking from around the gag in her mouth and across the purple-hued flesh of her face, Keya cried out, shuddering through the most powerful orgasm she’d ever experienced.  She loosened her grip on the whip, hands trembling, chest heaving, unable to look away from the governess’s dead face.  “I did it,” she gasped.  “I can’t believe I actually just killed her.”Keya released a startled yell as Nimor’s powerful hands fell upon her again, dragging her off the governess’s corpse.  She stumbled, too tired and too satisfied to fight against him as he bent her over Lixiss.  He tugged down her pants, entering her roughly from behind.  Keya’s eyes rolled back as her sensitive cunt was suddenly filled with his stiffness, moaning as she came again.  She bucked back to meet his thrusts, unbothered by his race or his purpose as she enjoyed the post-murder fuck.  She tilted her head to the side as his lips fell upon the side of her neck, kissing and nibbling at her skin.  “It was a very nice show,” he whispered into her ear as his thrusts quickened.  “For that, I give you the only gift I have to offer.”  His hands moved up her sides, slid around to give her tits a quick grope before they travelled further to grasp her head.  “A quick death.”Nimor jerked Keya’s head to the side, ending her passionate moans with a nasty crunch as he broke her neck.  The elf shuddered against him, pussy hugging his erection as she pissed over his balls.  He let her twitching body fall across Lixiss, continuing his spirited pumps into her until he was ready to cum.  Drawing free from her wet slit, he shot his creamy spunk over her pale buttocks.  The governess’s assistant had been an unexpected treat.  The passion she’d shown for murder had been inspiring.  If Nimor had even a shred of mercy in his heart, he might have allowed her to live.  But in the end, Keya was just like every other elf bitch.  A fleeting bit of enjoyment to be used and discarded.

This is an especially brutal story, filled with torture, rape, and snuff. Be sure this is a thing you want to read before continuing. The morning came far too soon, but Nimor awoke feeling eager to start the new day’s work.  Sliding out of the cot, he readied himself before collecting the small band of assassins that had done equally vicious work under the cover of darkness.  When Koszar Nirune arrived to pass along the message that the drow army was positioned just outside the city, ready to launch their attack on the fortified walls, Nimor knew it was time for his group to move on to the next phase of their orders.  The streets were still largely shrouded in shadows as they slipped out into the city, weaving their way stealthily towards their target.  The Temple of Corona occupied the highest point of the city, nestled atop a narrow cliffside that overlooked the rest of the structures, even the castle.  It was as remote as it could be without leaving the border, requiring a winding path to reach the isolated point.  By the time they reached the temple, the morning sun hung low in the sky.  From their vantage point, they could see the drow army beginning their assault.The time to strike was now.The assassins caught the priestesses in the midst of their morning worship, praising their goddess Corona for the light of a new day.  There were nine women in total, including the High Priestess.  Each of them was stunningly beautiful, rumored to be untouched by any lover, although Nimor’s experience with the priestesses from the previous night made him suspicious of that claim.  None of them were fighters.  The High Priestess – Ahrendue Ralozana – did her best to keep the others calm as they were herded together, but the fear was clear even in her wise eyes.  The presence of the drow so deep within the city and in such a holy place made it clear that something far worse than a simple raid was going on.  As the echo of the priestesses’ chanted prayers and the barked orders of the drow assassins faded away, the air was left crisp and still, allowing the distant sounds of the attack taking place in the city below to be heard.The priestesses grouped together tightly, all of them terrified, a few of them breaking into sobs.  The others were clearly eager to start having some fun with the women, but Nimor had other ideas.  With such a healthy crop of sexy flesh to harvest, any of the elves would make for excellent slaves.  Taking all nine women as captives would be a logistical nightmare.  Besides, looks could be deceiving and even he was eager to extinguish a few more elven lives.  Random selection as one way to decide who got to live and who got to die, but Nimor could think of something far more entertaining.  He aimed a finger at Ahrendue.  “Have your fun with that one, boys,” he told the others.  “Just make sure you don’t kill her.”  His eyes moved across the rest of the trembling young women.  “As for the rest of you… we’re going to have ourselves a little competition.  The winners earn the privilege of becoming property of the drow empire.  And if that doesn’t sound like something you’d enjoy, trust me, you do not want to be a loser.”Koszar and a few of the assassins dragged Ahrendue away from the group, ripping through her elegant gown to expose her holy flesh.  They forced her against the statue of Corona dominating the front of the temple, stretching her arms back and her legs apart.  She was bound securely to the statue, unable to deny the men gathered around her as their rough hands groped and smacked her tits, probed her cunt.  Koszar was the first to move in to take her properly.  He brought a hand up to the woman’s chest, curling his fingers as a few sparks of electricity crackled across them.  His fingers touched her, forcing the energy across her skin.  It wasn’t strong enough to do any damage, but it did leave her nerve endings tingling, priming her body to be broken under the oncoming sexual assaults.  Ahrendue’s body jerked and shuddered against the statue, teeth clattering as Koszar entered her with slow, steady force.  He smirked as the warm walls of her pussy wrapped around him, looking into the woman’s horrified eyes.  “A virgin, huh?  You sure don’t feel like one.  You naughty bitch.”While the most eager members of his group focused their attentions on Ahrendue, Nimor and a handful of others went about organizing the competition for the other priestesses.  The women were lined up, shoulder-to-shoulder, where the men could properly admire them.  At Nimor’s order, their clothing was left intact.  “Why should we waste our energy stripping them?” he told his compatriots.  “When a proper slave should be more than happy to strip for us.”  He walked in front of the line of priestesses, eyeing each of them.  “So that will be the first round of our little game.  It’s a simple one.  Just expose yourselves to us.  But do so with some style.  You’ve danced for your pathetic goddess more than enough.  Now you will dance for us.”Minuvae Fanelis was only a little younger than Ahrendue.  She took her duties as a priestess just as seriously, arguably more seriously as she’d maintained her virginity, finding relief for her natural desires through prayer.  It was that sense of duty that inspired her to step forward from the line of women, locking eyes with Nimor.  “We do not have the physical strength to deny you anything you wish.  You can rape us, slaughter us, destroy our temple.  But if you think we are so pathetic that we’ll simply do whatever you demand of us, denying our beliefs and the goddess we serve for the chance that you’ll spare our lives, you are gravely mistaken.  I, for one, would rather die with my purity intact than grovel at the boots of your kind of filth.”Nimor laughed.  “Well said.  And what an excellent example you’re setting for your fellow priestesses.”  He stepped closer to her, staring deeply into her sparkling blue eyes.  “You know, I’m known as a bit of a silver-tongued devil, able to talk nearly anyone into nearly anything.  But with you, I can tell any words I spent would be wasted.  Your beliefs are resolute.  I imagine I could go out there, hunt down whatever family you might have, and execute them in front of you, and you’d still refuse to bend.  So, congratulations, you are excused from the competition.”The drow drew his dagger and shoved it into Minuvae’s gut.  He aimed low, low enough that the tip of sharpened steel became the priestess’s first and only lover, penetrating her cunt from an unorthodox angle.  She gasped, eyes going wide with shock.  He kept the blade embedded within her, hooking his free arm around her shoulders to hold her close as he pulled her away from the other, terrified priestesses.  As she stumbled along with him, he watched her resolve crumble away, falling into pathetic sobs.  “W-wait,” she moaned.  “I didn’t… mean it…  I can st-strip.  I can dance!”Nimor shook his head.  “Too late for that.”  He guided her off to the side, over to the row of intricate statues lining either side of the temple.  Each one represented a hero or heroine from elven history.  More than a few of the figures displayed were familiar to him due to their roles in banishing the drow to the Underworld.  “You have guts,” he told her, jerking the dagger upwards suddenly.  Her screams rolled over him as he withdrew the blade and reached into the deep gash he’d left behind, scooping out a tangle of her intestines.  He held them up to her face.  “See?”Nimor chucked the sloppy innards over the nearest statue, defiling the display.  Minuvae’s legs gave out, dropping to her knees before the man as he leaned down to rip out more of her insides.  She watched, face growing pale and weakness eating away at her, as more and more of her body was taken from her and used to disgrace the noble figure presented before her.  She lived long enough to feel her unused reproductive system torn out from within, shoved onto the tip of the sword the statue held.  Minuvae collapsed backwards, a hollowed-out husk.  Nimor ripped a portion of her clothing away, using it to wipe the blood from his hands as he turned back to the remaining priestesses.  He pointed down at the corpse.  “And that’s what I do to people I have a little respect for,” he told them.  “Imagine what I might do to someone who truly angers me.”  He extended his arms to the side.  “So, are we going to see some dancing or what?”After witnessing Minuvae’s brutal butchering, none of the priestesses valued their beliefs enough to follow in her bloody footsteps.  They each fell into a series of awkward but sensuous movements, running through the moves they’d practiced to show their goddess how much they loved her.  Those performances didn’t include the removal of clothing, but they managed to adjust for it without utterly ruining their rhythm.  The drow assassins whistled as they revealed their exquisite flesh, offering up a number of lewd suggestions for what the women could do next to prove that they’d be good slaves.  Nimor listened to the ideas, but he already had a few of his own.  Things that were a good deal more creative than simply making the women bestow sexual favors upon them.“Excellent,” Nimor declared when the priestesses finished stripping.  Even fully revealed, he could see no flaws in their physique.  “Your assets truly have been wasted trapped up here in this temple.  I have no doubt that you all deserve to be thoroughly trained in the art of being a fuck-slave.  But I suspect some of you may be hiding certain talents.  Talents your calling has forced you to keep hidden.  And since none of my men wish to be disappointed by an inexperienced lover, we’ll be using stand-ins for your partners during this next stage of the competition.”  He motioned to the statues of prominent elven men and women.  “Imagine them as flesh and blood.  And then make that flesh tingle and that blood rush.  Don’t be shy, ladies.”Since she’d been a small child, Gwynnestri Olowynn had been plagued with a recurring nightmare.  The fear it instilled in her had been so pervasive that it had driven her to the temple, to a life largely consisting of solitude and prayer.  And even then, the nightmares had never stopped.  When Nimor and his group of assassins had barged into the temple, she’d needed a few moments to realize she wasn’t dreaming this hellish encounter, too.  When the reality of the drow invasion finally sank in, something deep in her mind broke.  The nightmares were always the same; drow monsters coming for her, killing her painfully.  Much like how Nimor had killed Minuvae only minutes earlier.  The fear of suffering the fate she’d dreamed a thousand times only strengthened the fractures running through her psyche.  When Nimor gave his next order, she was eager to carry it out, eager to prove she could do whatever was required of her, if only to avoid the agony her mind had conjured for her every night for as long as she could remember.Gwynnestri charged towards the nearest statue, one of an elven maiden who – legend told – had single-handedly turned the tide of a pivotal battle during the first war with the drows.  She leapt up, latching her hands onto the statue’s shoulders while hooking her legs around curvaceous marble hips.  Grinding her naked cunt against the cool stone, she kissed and licked at the long-dead heroine’s smooth lips, moaning against them before lowering her head to lap at her firm breasts, perfectly sculpted and nearly fully exposed thanks to the revealing attire she’d been known to wear.The rest of the priestesses moved to statues of their own, none of them wishing to venture to the one covered in Minuvae’s guts.  Their enthusiasm ranged from over-eager – in Gwynnestri’s case – to remarkably reluctant.  On the latter end of the spectrum was Glynni Kelbalar.  She refrained from the crude behavior her fellow priestesses were engaging in, settling on simply dancing and lightly grinding against the statue she’d chosen.  Her lackluster performance earned Nimor’s attention.  “You’ll have to do better than that, girl,” he warned.  “Why don’t you show us how you’d suck his cock if he were still among the living?”Gylnni made an attempt to obey, but her reverence for the man whose statue she’d chosen was too great to overcome.  “I can’t,” she finally admitted.  “These icons deserve our respect and admiration.  To sully ourselves on them is a crime too great for me to bear.”Nimor sighed.  “You elves and your pride.”  He rolled his eyes.  “You know, it’s really going to get all of you killed one of these days.  In your case, this is the day.”  He waved a pair of his assassins to the woman.  “If she thinks so much of this slab of pretty marble, she shouldn’t mind dying on it.  Let her go out fucking that lance he’s holding.”Gylnni made a dash for the temple’s entrance, but the assassins cut her off and tugged her back to the statue she’d refused to play with.  The priestess flailed and screamed, the drow laughing at her as they wrestled her resistant form along, taking every opportunity to grope her jiggling tit-flesh and smack her firm ass.  They hefted her up onto their shoulders, turning her so her kicking legs faced the statue.  Prying her thighs apart, they lined her crotch up with the sharp tip of the lance, inching her closer so the metal could prod at the folds of her pussy.  Gylnni’s panic rose, struggling to push away from the drow holding her, but the strength of their grip was too much for her.  With a hard shove, they forced the head of the lance into her sex.  The priestess’s head shot up, howling out as the inner walls of her cunt were sliced into bloody ribbons.The rest of the priestesses intensified their simulated sex acts on their respective statues as they tried their best to not listen to Gylnni’s shrieks as the drow forced more of the lance through her.  Strapped to the statue of Corona with a third cock just entering her cum-greased snatch, Ahrendue wept openly as she watched another of her priestesses murdered before her while the others eagerly defiled the holy relics lining the walls of the temple.  She turned her head to the side, closing her eyes tightly, so that she didn’t have to watch as the bloody tip of statue’s lance pushed free from Gylnni’s mouth.  But even without seeing it, she couldn’t help hearing the pained gags and eventual death rattle that crept out of the young woman.“That’s enough of that,” Nimor called after Gylnni was dead, left dangling on the lance impaling her from cunt to mouth.  “I think we’ve seen just which of you is worthy of moving on to the next round.”  He collected a bag from one of his fellow assassins and dropped it on the floor.  Crouching over it, he opened the bag and retrieved several hammers, tossing them towards the priestesses.  “Now that you’re finished fucking those dusty old slabs, why don’t you smash them to pieces?”The priestesses stared at the hammers, seemingly pushed to the limits of what they were willing to do to survive.  Gwynnestri was the first to scoop up one of the tools.  She turned it around in her hands, looking it over, before guiding the handle down between her legs.  Gripping the hammer’s head, she shoved the polished wood of the handle into her cunt, whimpering as she stared at Nimor, hoping her behavior was adequate.  When she saw it wasn’t, she dragged the hammer free of her dripping snatch and looked back to the statue of the heroine she’d been molesting.  Her fingers closed around the handle, tightening.  With a scream of release, she charged back to the statue, hefting the hammer high and bringing it down against the statue’s firm breasts, knocking a chunk of marble free and leaving the rest of the finely crafted bosom fractured.  She kept on screaming like a lunatic, slamming the hammer into the statue again and again.Inspired by Gwynnestri’s psychotic behavior, the other priestesses gathered up the hammers.  They didn’t attack the statues with nearly as much zeal as the mind-broken woman did, but they performed the task with as much efficiency as their weak muscles could muster.  Nimor chuckled, watching the women work.  He’d brought the hammers to destroy whatever holy relics the temple held, to demoralize the priestesses and any elves who happened upon the site afterwards.  But making the women commit the destruction themselves had been far too amusing a notion to ignore.  When Gwynnestri finished beating her statue down into chunks of rubble, she didn’t hesitate to rush to the one holding Glynni’s corpse.  The swings of her hammer were wild, smashing marble and flesh alike.  Her wild-eyed frenzy showed no signs of stopping as she smashed the dead elf’s skull open, desperate to do whatever she could to win her life.Nimor waited until the women had finished their task.  When every statue but the one of Corona was reduced to rubble, he had them return their hammers to the bag.  “Well, it’s nice to see that you’re all starting to learn how this contest works.  Maybe there’s no more losers to be found.  But we’re far from finished.”  He reached down, loosening his belt and unfastening his pants.  His cock was stiff and ready as he pulled it free.  Taking his lead, the drow who weren’t waiting to have their fun with Ahrendue did the same.  “I think you’ve earned the right to touch us.  Don’t worry.  We won’t be defiling those holy cunts of yours just yet.  Only your mouths.  And we’ll not even do you the disservice of making you swallow our cum.  We’ll be using that for the next round.”The six naked priestesses were lined up again, forced onto their knees.  Nimor stepped in front of the youngest one – Axilya Trahana.  She was barely an adult, terrified of the drow but still reluctant to go through with the defilement of herself and the temple.  She was young enough, her mind still open to being molded, that he’d already decided she would make an excellent slave.  Unless she acted out just a little too much, her life was safe.  Not that he had any intention of letting Axilya in on that piece of knowledge.  He rubbed the tip of his cock against her soft lips, letting her taste the pre-cum leaking out of him, before he cradled the back of her head and guided her mouth over his cock.  He didn’t make it that far in before she started to gag.  The teeth he felt against the shaft of his member stung only a little bit, an unintentional reaction instead of a genuine bite.  He drew back a little, letting her become accustomed to having a dick in her mouth.Gwynnestri took the cock presented to her with enthusiasm.  She lapped her tongue across the tip, smearing it with her drool, before wrapping her lips around the head, sucking hard.  She brought a hand up, cradling the drow assassin’s balls and giving them a gentle squeeze.  She pulled her head back, letting the erection pop free from her slurping lips.  She flashed the man a psychotically slutty grin before diving back towards his crotch, choking her way fully down his firm length.  She fucked her face on his cock with rapid movements, gagging and sucking as she went.Nimor directed one of the drow men not being tended to by the priestesses to collect the sacred sun discs around the temple.  The ornately designed discs were brought over and laid out on the floor, close enough to the blowjob orgy that the men could turn and fire their spunk over them in only a moment.  The sun discs were kept pristine, expertly polished, to even leave a smudge on their surface was a special kind of blasphemy to the elves.  To have them drenched in drow cum would be a heart-breaking blow to the priestesses spiritual beliefs.  With the stage set, he went back to helping Axilya learn how to suck a man off.  She was an adorable blend of inexperience, unwillingness, and terror.Ulesse Trahana had more experience with pleasuring men orally, but her terror was two-fold.  Kneeling right beside her younger sister, she slid a hand over to Axilya to take her fingers into a firm grip, reassuring her sibling in whatever small way she could.  Her head bobbed in a slow, practiced rhythm, offering her drow rapist little in the way of passion.  The movements may not have been as excited as Gwynnestri’s, but she was confident they would get the job done.  Ulesse was committed to winning the depraved competition as long as Axilya remained alive.  She could handle the burden of being a slave to the drow if it allowed her the opportunity to keep her sister breathing.Bonaluria Cartris showed some reluctance at first, but gradually got into the act.  Her mind was not fractured like Gwynnestri’s, but she had a similarly powerful desire to live, no matter what the cost.  It helped that she’d had more than her fair share of secret rendezvous with lovers since becoming a priestess.  Rumors regarding her promiscuous behavior ran rampant, but she’d always been careful.  There was no evidence to prove she’d forsaken her vows of celibacy, so her station as a priestess had never been in danger.  There was plenty of evidence now, with a drow cock wedged so deep down her throat, but it hardly mattered.  None of them would be allowed to maintain their priestess roles, even if they were somehow rescued from the drow’s clutches.  With the goddess Corona nowhere to be found, Bonaluria saw no reason not to do whatever she could to save herself.The announcement that the next portion of the competition involved oral talents had filled Lusha Valthyra with relief.  She’d grown quite proficient with her mouth.  It was the only carnal dalliance she’d allowed herself after becoming a priestess.  The way she figured, the hardest part would be to hold back enough to keep the drow male who’d stepped in front of her from popping off too quickly.  She took him in with ease, despite his sizable member, and had just started her nimble tongue working along the underside of his shaft when the assassin’s hands closed around the back of her head.  Lusha’s eyes bulged as the drow yanked her head forward, the thick slab of obsidian flesh sheathing snugly down her throat.  The man’s thickness was enough to be a match for even her well-controlled gag reflex, but that soon became the least of Lusha’s concerns as she realized she couldn’t draw breath from around the drow’s girth.Amisra Mirana was right beside Lusha.  She noticed her choking around the drow cock, but she didn’t dare intervene.  That’s what a mouth-whore like her deserves, she thought, even as she leisurely slurped at the rigid erection between her lips.  The act disgusted her, but only partially due to her holy vows.  Amisra had never found much appreciation for the male figure.  Her stomach churned with unease as she slid her lips back and forth along the member before her.  The sound of Lusha’s choking strengthened in urgency.  Straining her eyes, Amisra glanced over at her fellow priestess, finding her face a bright shade of red, hands slapping wildly at her drow user’s thighs.  Amisra looked up, to the face of the drow choking Lusha with his cock.  She saw no sign of mercy in his eyes, only sadistic delight as he tightened his grip around the woman’s head and kept her face buried against his crotch.Nimor noticed Lusha’s predicament, but did nothing to step in on her behalf.  The priestesses had rules to obey during the competition.  His fellow drow did not.  All of the elf women had passed their last task.  Even the reluctant ones were going through with this one.  With six of them left, they still needed to cut down their number before a decision could be made on which of them would be taken as captives.  An overeager libido and a desire to kill was as good a reason as any to cross one of the women out of the running.  Axilya tried to pull back from his cock to look over with concern at Lusha.  He let her slid back to just the tip of his dick before he placed a hand at the back of her head and gently guided her back down, reminding her that she had a task to complete.Lusha clung to her drow user’s thighs, saliva spurting from her stretched lips as sweat dripped down her reddened face.  The panic of her asphyxiation threatened to overwhelm her completely.  She fought it back, struggling to employ some of her many oral techniques to get the drow off so she could catch some much needed air.  But the thickness of the member plugging her throat left her with precious few options for her mouth and tongue to perform.  She could only kneel there, choke and struggle, hope that the spastic convulsions of her throat would get the drow off before she expired.  The passively pleased expression the drow stared down at her with told her that he was nowhere near climax.  She stared up at him, tears clouding her vision as she silently pleaded with him to finish.The urgency of Lusha’s gurgling grew louder.  All of the priestesses could hear her.  None of them were brave enough to try to help her, focusing on the cocks held before them and silently thankful that they weren’t being smothered themselves.  Lusha’s fingernails dug into the drow’s legs, leaving behind light scratches, but not nearly doing enough damage to dissuade him from his actions.  The leaden weight of fatigue and oxygen deprivation sapped away Lusha’s strength.  Her hands slid away from the drow, arms slumping to her sides.  Her body jerked, bulging eyes rolling back, drool-slickened tits jiggling.  Even as her body began to shut down, the drow did not relent, keeping his cock pushed fully down her gullet.  The spastic shudders of her choking throat finally pushed him over the edge with its random stimulation.  He grunted, cumming hard into the nearly dead elf priestess.  He hugged her head against his crotch, stretched lips pressing against the base of his shaft while his balls rested against her chin.The assassin kept Lusha’s face against him even as the last his his jizz drained into her.  She offered nothing more than the occasional muscular twitch, the last flickers of life slowly creeping out of her.  Once those had passed, he worked his way free of her gullet and back off of her lips.  Lusha’s head rolled back, mouth gaping open, eyes rolled back to show nothing but the blood-stained whites.  Chuckling, the drow leaned over her, gathering up a wad of saliva and spitting it into her open mouth.  He shoved her back and released his hold on her hair, letting her limp form fall to the floor.  The crumpled heap of Lusha’s corpse gave off awkward twitches before a weak flow of urine trickled out of her.Lusha’s demise seemed as good a signal for the end of the oral segment of the competition as anything else.  Nimor was close enough to release, for sure.  The other drow could get themselves off as needed.  “Alright, well, it’s fairly obvious who the loser of this round is,” he announced, sliding his prick free from Axilya’s lips.  He turned to the collection of sun discs scattered across the floor, selecting one and crouching over it as he jerked himself to the finish line.  He sprayed messy streaks of cum across the disc.  The other assassins followed suit, leaving all of the holy relics covered in their seed.  A quick glance was all Nimor needed to confirm that the priestesses were more than a little disturbed by the defilement, with the exception of Gwynnestri who mostly just looked eager to do whatever was required of her to keep on proving she deserved to live.“Our next game,” Nimor announced, motioning to the cum-glazed sun discs.  “It’s simple.  Clean the discs.  With your tongues.”Amisra’s already unsteady stomach sloshed with greater unease as Nimor’s words sank into her mind.  It had taken nearly every ounce of self-control she had to take a cock into her mouth.  The only thing that had saved her during that act was that it had not involved ejaculate.  The male spunk disgusted her on a level far beyond the male figure.  Just looking at the cum spurts layered across the sun discs had her on the verge of being sick.  Watching her fellow priestesses drop onto their hands and knees and crawl over to the discs to begin licking through the creamy deposits left bile stinging the back of her throat.  The only thing that got her moving, determined to get through the ordeal, was a deeply ingrained instinct for self-preservation.By the time she reached the discs, the only one left unattended to was one of the larger ones.  She whimpered, swallowed hard, and then leaned in to get started.  She dragged her tongue from one end of the disc to the other, gathering up as much of the spunk as she could and gathering it into her mouth.  The flavor of it soaked into her tongue for the few moments she let it rest there before swallowing it down.  The slippery thickness of the goo moved down her throat and into her gut like a slug.  She ignored the disgusting sensation and went back to gather more of the jizz, wanting to get through the task as quickly as possible.  She was midway through her second lick when her body revolted against her.  There was hardly a retch before her breakfast, bile, and the small quantity of cum she’d ingested sprayed from her lips across the defiled sun disc.The priestesses nearest to her – Bonaluria and Axilya – jerked and scooted their discs away from the one stained by her vomit.  Once they were satisfied that they wouldn’t have to lap up the woman’s bile, they returned to their perverted task.  Nimor shook his head with disappointment at the young woman.  “Can’t be a slave if you don’t have a strong stomach,” he informed Amisra as he reached down to grab her by the back of the neck.  He yanked her up onto her feet, dragging her over to the temple’s sacred flame.  The billowing plume of fire had remained blazing since the temple had been constructed, representing the never-ending flame of Corona’s blessed light overhead.  Regardless of its holy purpose, the sacred flame was – in essence – just a flame, capable of all of the things any other fire was capable of.  Nimor brought Amisra to her knees before the flame, forcing her to assume the pose she’d willingly taken each time she’d prayed to Corona.  She prayed this time as well, whimpering out a plea to her goddess to find a way to spare her from her fate.  The priestess received her answer a moment later as Nimor shoved her face into the flickering flame.Amisra screamed as the scorching heat hit her, fire drying her lips and chasing the oxygen into her mouth and down her throat.  Her skin blistered and peeled, hair igniting and burning away into glowing embers that left her scalp blackened.  Her bulging eyes went blind as the flames fried her corneas, shriveling the orbs in their sockets as the fluid within them was brought to a boiling temperature within moments.  The saliva in her mouth dried up and then grew damp again as the blisters coating her flopping tongue swelled and burst.  Her legs kicked out behind her, hands gripping the sides of the sacred flame’s pedestal as she tried to pull back.  Her beautiful features vanished as her flesh melted away, scorched lips sloshing away as smoke billowed in her gaping mouth.  By the time Nimor yanked her head free from the flame, Amisra’s features had largely been burnt away, leaving behind a deformed mass of half-melted, roasted meat.  He let her body drop to the floor beneath the sacred flame where she lingered between life and death, consumed by agony until the shock of her horrendous wounds finally got the better of her.Amisra’s execution was an excellent motivator.  The rest of the preistesses had their discs cleaned by the time the woman expired, nervously awaiting their next task.  Nimor turned back to them with an eerie nonchalance, not even acknowledging the brutal act he’d just committed.  “Such hungry whores,” he remarked as he investigated the sun discs.  “Now that you’ve cleaned them, why don’t you show me how little you think of these worthless trinkets you used to cherish so dearly?  A priestess would never have done what you’ve done thus far.  But if you want me to believe you’ve truly given up your silly beliefs in this whore goddess you’ve chosen to worship, you should have no trouble squatting over these discs and relieving yourself.  Piss all over them to show Corona just how little you think of her now that she’s forsaken you.”The four remaining priestesses looked as exhausted and broken as they felt.  None of them – not even the young, innocent Axilya – even muttered a word of protest or disgust as they moved around the sun discs, crouching over the holy relics as they reached between their spread legs to peel apart the lips of their cunts.  One by one, they released sprays of piss, some stronger than others.  The urine flowed across the tops of the sun discs, washing away the few smears of cum that had been missed during the tongue baths they’d given the items.  The warm fluid spilled over the discs and spread across the floor, joining to create a single pool that flowed around their bare feet.  The challenge didn’t take long to complete, and Nimor could see no reason to disqualify any of the priestesses, so he moved things right along to the next wicked idea he had for the women.Nimor turned his attention to Ahrendue.  The high priestess had been through quite the ordeal while he’d been testing the holy women who’d served her.  Koszar had taken it upon himself to make the woman’s life a tortured hell.  Raped enough times that her cunt was left swollen and leaking thick globs of spunk, she looked thoroughly broken.  The drow mage had turned his attentions to inflicting pain upon her.  His dark magics had already peeled the skin away from her arms, from her shoulders down to her wrists, as well as her legs, from the tops of her thighs down to her knees.  Now he was using the dark forces at his command to wiggle her teeth out, one by one, leaving behind bloody sockets that drained crimson down her chin and across her perky breasts.  The beauty she possessed was long gone, as was whatever purity she might have possessed when the drow invaded the temple.The glistening raw redness of Ahrendue’s exposed muscle tissue contrasted vividly against her alabaster white skin.  Her body shivered within its bindings, overwhelmed with agony, the chill of shock, and the unwanted pleasure forced through her courtesy of Koszar’s wicked magics.  But out of all the physical atrocities committed upon her flesh, it was the sight of what her priestesses were becoming that dealt the strongest blow to Ahrendue’s spirit.  She looked upon the group of mostly broken women, obeying the drow’s orders with little hesitation, and realized she could hardly recognize them as the preistesses she’d had so much love and respect for.  Even those among her flock who’d been weak against the lures of pleasure, she’d found a way to forgive and accept them, largely because she’d failed to live up to her own vows on more than one occasion.  But to see them falling to such a low, colluding with their enemy to such an extent, simply to prolong their lives, shamed her.“Your high priestess may not be the beauty she once was, but she still deserves love, don’t you think?” Nimor remarked to the remaining priestesses.  “Why don’t you show her how much you love her?  Eat her messy snatch.  If you can get her off, all the better, but even if you can’t, don’t worry.  You won’t be punished.  Much.”  As the women got to their feet, he guided them into a single-file line.  He let Gwynnestri go first.  She certainly was the most eager.  Bonaluria stood behind her, followed by Ulesse, and finally Axilya.  Nimor was unsure how the youngest priestess would handle the task and he wanted to set her up to easily pass, even if her effort was lacking.  He had no need to conceal the fact that he was rigging the game in her favor, but it made the competition more entertaining.Gwynnestri grabbed hold of Ahrendue’s skinless thighs without any concern for the pain it caused the woman.  She leaned closer to the high priestess’s crotch, breathing in the pungent aroma of her musk, drow cum, sweat, and blood.  Gwynnestri mashed her lips against Ahrendue’s gooey cunt, driving her tongue deep into the older elf’s folds.  She lapped up the jizz leaking out of her, clearing a path to her swollen labial folds and rigid clitoris.  Her movements were frantic but attentive, delivering as much pleasure into the bound high priestess as she could over as short a period of time.  Koszar leant some assistance, pumping some more electricity into Ahrendue’s body, using it to massage and tease her most sensitive regions.  Gwynnestri purred as she felt the crackle of the power across her damp tongue, shoving her face harder against Ahrendue’s quivering body and wiggling her nose against the stiff bud of the woman’s clit until she was rewarded with a flow of cunt honey into her eager mouth.Ahrendue’s head swam as Gwynnestri stepped away from her.  The pain and pleasure coursing through her had her on the verge of collapse.  She blinked slowly, eyelids too heavy to keep open for long as Bonaluria moved up to take her turn.  The high priestess shook her head, wincing and groaning as the woman’s lips pressed against her sex.  She desperately wanted to call out, beg the priestesses to deny the drow monsters, to face their deaths with some form of dignity.  But her throat didn’t want to work, her mind so clouded with suffering that she had little desire to fight the pleasant rush that the tongue exploring her pussy brought forth, no matter how hypocritical it was.  Her head slumped forward, falling into pathetic sobs as Bonaluria made way for Ulesse to have a go at her.  There was nothing to be done.  She’d failed her duties as a high priestess, failed her goddess, and – most importantly – had failed her priestesses.  Now all she was good for was suffering, and being used.Nimor was impressed when Axilya’s turn came.  The young woman did not hesitate as she moved in front of Ahrendue.  Her oral exploration of the high priestess’s snatch was not nearly as thorough or spirited as the women who’d gone before her, but it showed promise.  She seemed to have little in the way of a rebellious spirit, merely the uncertainty that came with youth and inexperience.  In time, she would become a glorious whore servant.  Nimor gave some serious thought to taking her for himself, but there was still too much left for him to attend to.  Both within the temple, as well as in the invasion of the elven kingdom.  Perhaps once the invasion was finished, if she’d not gotten completely used up or killed off by then, he’d track her down and claim her.  But for now, he needed to finish the little competition he’d put into motion.“You’ve all impressed me,” Nimor told them.  “So willing, even eager, to commit blasphemous acts upon these grounds you consider so holy.  I think you’ll all make excellent slaves.”  A smile crept across his face.  “There’s just one last, little task I’d like you to perform for me.  Now that you’ve all had a taste of your high priestess, why don’t you have a taste of each other?”  He pointed to Gwynnestri and Bonaluria.  “You two.”  And then Axilya and Ulesse.  “And you two.  Make it steamy.  I want to feel the love.”Gwynnestri practically tackled Bonaluria to the floor, planting feverish kisses across her lips and throat as her hands explored her fellow priestess’s body.  Bonaluria went along with it, reciprocating with less passion but still doing enough to show that she was willing to follow orders.  Axilya glanced nervously at her sister, seemingly open to the experience.  Ulesse very much was not.  Her brow furrowed, glancing from the pair of elves fingering and kissing each other on the floor, to her sister, to Nimor.  “You… you don’t understand,” she whimpered, on the verge of panic.  “I can’t.  Not with her.  She’s my sister.”Nimor chuckled.  “Well, now that you’ve told me that, I’m afraid I must insist you fuck her.  It adds a delightful spice to the whole scenario.”Ulesse blinked the tears from her eyes, trembling with terror.  “You can’t do this!  I’ll do anything else for you, but not this!  Not my sister!”Nimor’s smile faded, face growing stern.  “Looks like we have one more loser in the bunch after all.”Ulesse flinched as he moved towards her, almost ran, but instead fixed her sad, terrified gaze on Axilya.  “I’m sorry,” she whimpered, shrieking as Nimor laid his strong hands upon her.  She struggled out of panic more than with any true intent to escape him, knowing such a thing was unlikely.  He dragged her back towards the entrance of the temple where a small fountain bubbled its blessed water endlessly.  Bending Ulesse over the rim, he plunged her face into the bowl, locking his arm muscles to keep her flailing form in place.  Her plump buttocks bounced against his crotch, unintentionally rubbing against his erection.  As he waited for the air trapped in her lungs to grow stale, he decided to relieve a bit of the tension he felt.  He adjusted himself and pushed into Ulesse from behind, the tight fleshy walls of her cunt going wild around him.  Her hands pressed against the rim of the fountain, flexing her weak muscles to push her face out of the water.  When that failed, she went to swinging her limbs about, splashing through the holy water and stretching back to smack Nimor across his arms.Nimor matched her spastic gyrations as he fucked her, giving her the added mental torment of feeling as if she were willingly grinding into him as he murdered her.  He saw the first expulsion of air from her lips as a flurry of bubbles burst across the sloshing surface of the water around the sides of her face.  He rammed into her harder, her convulsions massaging every inch of his prick.  Keeping her head held firmly, he worked his free arm around her, reaching up to grab at her rippling tit-flesh.  Another burst of bubbles escaped her as his fingers latched onto her nipple and gave it a cruel twist.  Ulesse’s struggles intensified before loosing all sense of rhythm, transforming into out of control flailing as she began to suck the holy water into her oxygen-starved lungs.  He slowed the pumping of his hips as the priestess’s movements grew sluggish, fading away as she finished drowning.  When she was nothing but an inert slab draped over the fountain, he gave her a few more hard thrusts before letting his cum fire off into her dead snatch.Releasing his hold on Ulesse and drawing free from her, Nimor stepped away from the dead priestess.  She remained perched over the fountain for a few moments until her legs gave out, dragging her lifeless husk to the ground.  Her legs bent under her, dropping her into a squat before her back arched, head rolling back as she fell backwards.  Her face – frozen in horror – stared towards the ceiling, holy water draining from her gaping mouth.  Axilya stared at her sister’s body, chest heaving as she edged close to a full-blown panic attack.  She glanced nervously from the body to Nimor to Bonaluria and Gwynnestri, unsure of what to do now that her partner for the competition was dead.Nimor looked over the trio of remaining priestesses.  A mind-broken whore, a still-sane but willing whore, and a virgin primed to become a whore.  They each possessed their own uniqueness and he doubted they’d cause much trouble being transported back behind the drow lines of attack.  “I think we have our winners,” he announced.  “You’ve all proven yourselves to be of the quality and mentality we’re looking to recruit.  If you continue to behave properly, you can look forward to long lives of being abused and made to serve your drow masters.  It may not sound very glamorous, but…”  He motioned to the various bodies of dead priestesses littering the temple.  “It’s certainly better than the alternative.”With the competition over, Nimor allowed his assassins to enjoy the spoils.  He was quick to claim Axilya for himself, pulling her off to the side as the others forced themselves on Bonaluria and Gwynnestri.  Even the dead priestesses were not spared from the celebratory post-competition orgy.  Ahrendue was left suspended from the statue of Corona, forced to watch as the women she’d led in prayer for so long were defiled in a variety of perverse ways.  Gwynnestri continued to prove her talents, sandwiched between two drow assassins with a cock buried in each of her lower holes.  She bobbed her head along the length of a third cock, while stroking off two more with her hands.  Bonaluria was forced onto her hands and knees, one drow taking her cunt roughly from behind while the other fucked her face.  The drow who’d smothered Lusha to death with his erection went back for more, sliding into her gooey gullet to resume his forceful thrusts.  Ulesse had her long legs pulled into the air, body resting on her shoulders as a pair of drow angled their dicks into her from above.“You’ve not had any sexual experience before today, have you?” Nimor asked Axilya.  He saw a spark of nervousness in her eyes, but the way her cheeks blushed in response to the question gave him all the information he needed before she sheepishly shook her head.  He grinned.  “A true virgin priestess.  You’ll sell for quite the fortune.  Don’t worry, none of these men will claim your purity.  And neither will I.  Not this day.”  He tightened his grip on her shoulders.  “Of course, that doesn’t mean you’re exempt from this celebration.”Twisting Axilya away from him, Nimor bent her over.  As his hands moved over her smooth, flawless flesh, his cock returned to a fully erect state.  He spat into his palm, lathering his shaft with saliva before prying the young elf’s small buttocks apart.  His fingers slid through the crack of her ass, fingering more spit into her virgin ass.  Even his fingers had a tough time getting into the orifice, but the vice-like grip only encouraged him.  When both hole and rod were thoroughly slickened, he guided the head of his prick to her rear and began to work his way into her.  It took a good deal of effort and although Axilya did not do anything to resist him, she couldn’t help the pained whines from pouring out of her.  It took Nimor several long minutes before he managed to squeeze the full length of his member into the virgin priestess’s ass.  Taking hold of her scrawny shoulders, he gave her a rough anal pounding, treating her no differently than he’d have treated any other whore.  Her purity made her only so special, and Nimor knew that no buyer would care if the girl’s anal virginity remained intact.By the time the orgy came to an end, none of the priestesses – living or dead – had been spared from repeated violation.  Nimor was impressed by what a talented cocksucker Axilya had become after such a short period of time.  But as nice as it had felt to be the first man to ever blast a load up her beautifully tight ass and as stunning as she looked with his seed painted across her cute, youthful face, there were other matters to attend to.  Specifically, the execution of Ahrendue Ralozana.  The high priestess had suffered gloriously, witnessed the fall of her temple, the defilement of her priestesses.  But the time had come to be done with her.  And Koszar had a brilliantly sadistic and hilariously ironic means of carrying out the woman’s death.Set into the wall above the entrance to the temple was a large, stained glass window depicting the goddess Corona.  The temple had been constructed so that the morning sun shone through the stained glass, sending tinted beams of light into the place of worship.  The mage wielded his magic, augmenting the glass to catch the light and focus it into stronger beams that cut across the temple and hit Ahrendue’s bared flesh.  The high priestess squirmed as fresh discomfort radiated across her, the beams of light heating her skin.  The squirming became wild thrashing as the heat intensified, burning into her.  She shrieked through her bloody, toothless gums, eyes bulging as her bodily fluids were brought to a boiling temperature, cooking her from within.  Smoke rose up the back of her throat, leaked from her nostrils and ears.  The skin that remained attached to her body grew tight, blackening and cracking as she was roasted into a thoroughly well-done slab of meat.  Her screams faded into a whistle as the superheated oxygen left in her roasted lungs left her.  Her charred body locked into a rictus of tightened tendons and heat-shrunk skin as her smoky eyes stared up at the stained-glass visage of her goddess, silently begging for an answer to why she’d been made to suffer so terribly despite her loyal servitude.Corona did not make an appearance within her defiled temple, but Nimor and the other drow fell into a hushed silence as their god, Vhaerun, casually strolled through the temple entrance.  Vhaerun paid them no attention as they dropped to one knee, supplicating themselves before the god.  He hardly even glanced at the broken priestesses, or even the smoking body of Ahrendue.  His eyes remained fixed on the statue of Corona, his size growing with each step he took towards the idol.  He pulled his cock free as he moved, stroking it to firmness by the time he reached the statue, tall enough to take easy aim at Corona’s marble face.  He masturbated before the temple’s centerpiece, taking all the time he liked.  When he finally came, his jizz erupted from his throbbing shaft in heavy spurts, soaking the statue’s face and pouring down its immaculately sculpted bust, sizzling as it flowed across Ahrendue’s still hot corpse.  As he finished draining his balls, he tucked himself away and turned from the defiled statue, exiting without a word to his followers as he shrank back to a more average size.The god didn’t need to say a word.  His appearance alone had been enough to cement the drow’s resolve and destroy the will of the three priestesses left alive in the temple.  Once Vhaerun was gone, Nimor knew their work was finished within the temple.  He drew his dagger and climbed the spunk-soaked statue, carving away Ahrendue’s roasted head.  It would make an excellent addition to Irae’s collection of resurrected trophies.

This is an especially brutal story, filled with torture, rape, and snuff. Be sure this is a thing you want to read before continuing. In the pre-dawn darkness, the army advancing on Soleila could not be easily identified.  Tehlarissa Zylgwyn made the natural assumption that it was their own forces finally returning from the revenge mission they’d set out on.  They were a little overdue, but not so much so that their absence had raised any alarm.  Tehlraissa felt a wave of relief wash over her.  Her best friend Aleratha and her lover Nakiasha were among the counter-raiding party and she would be glad to see them both again… her bed had been especially lonely since her archer friend had left. Hopefully the victory would bring some joy to Nakiasha… the elf had been insisting that she wasn’t beautiful enough for Tehlraissa again, the sweet idiot.  She stepped up onto the wall, lifting herself well out of the defensive cover, making herself as visible as possible as she waved happily at the approaching soldiers, calling out to them to welcome their return.Trelgath Vrammyr spotted the eager elf waving and yelling at them.  She wasn’t raising the alarm.  Quite the opposite.  Which meant she thought they were the dead and enslaved elves who’d foolishly blundered into the trap.  When the order came to silence the excited elf on the wall, he quickly notched an arrow into his bow alongside two of his fellow archers.  In the dusky shadows, Tehlarissa couldn’t make them out clearly enough to see the arrows aimed in her direction.  The soft twang of three bowstrings being released wasn’t loud enough to reach her pointed ears.  By the time she caught the briefest glimpse of the trio of arrows racing towards her, it was far too late for her to do anything to save herself.The three arrows struck Tehlarissa within moments of each other; two punching through the soft flesh of her right breast and the third – fired by Trelgath – nailing her dead center.  A shocked gasp passed her lips, her balance lost as she toppled backwards from her perch, landing hard on her back.  Not our army, her mind screamed at her.  Her lips – sticky with blood – trembled, trying to gather the strength to call out to the other soldiers on the wall, to warn them of the danger, but with one lung crippled and her heart straining to go on beating with an arrow impaling it, she couldn’t do much more than suffer as she lay there.With the exuberant elf taken care of, the drow army converged on her now undefended section of wall.  Ladders were propped against the wall, some of the more limber creatures using grappling hooks for a much quicker ascent.  The first line of attackers scaled the defensive perimeter of the city in silence, each of them eager to spill elven blood and violate elven flesh.  Trelgath stepped over the wall and fixed his eyes on Tehlarissa, still sputtering and clinging to life.  He recognized the markings on the arrow lodged in her heart as his own.  It seemed as good a reason as any to claim her in her final moments.  Dropping down over her, he worked her pants down and pushed his erection into her pliant cunt, finding her inner workings to be pleasantly cool from the blood she was hemorrhaging into her chest cavity.  He humped into her, savoring her pain and terror. It was an irony that he had been the one responsible for enslaving her lover and snuffing her friend, but if he had known, he would have only cared so far as to tell her that before the lights went out behind the girl-lovers eyes. The pack of goblin flesh maestros could be just as efficient in combat as they were in breaking minds.  Lyeecia Morrel found out just how devious the little men could be.  The section of wall she guarded was nearest to Tehlarissa.  She’d heard the woman calling out, but had ignored her, assuming it meant the bulk of the elven army had finally returned.  About damn time, she’d thought.  With troops spread so thin, she’d had to spend far too many nights bored on top of the wall, fighting off the cold and trying to stay awake.  She didn’t hear the goblins scampering up from behind her.  The sudden grip of their claw-like hands on her drew a startled shriek from her lips.  She turned towards the unexpected attackers, hand moving to draw her sword.Two of the goblins – Sliggeg and Teetmorx – pulled themselves up onto the woman’s shoulders, perching there like a couple of horny gargoyles.  They each gripped the sides of Lyeecia’s head, holding it firmly between them as they mashed the tips of their erections into the curves of her pointed ears.  Lyeecia cried out as she half-drew her sword, only to have a chunk of meat and bone torn from her wrist between vicious goblin teeth.  She made an attempt to reach up and tug away the filthy creatures straining to fuck their way into her ears, but both of her hands were snagged and held at her sides.  The pressure built on either side of Lyeecia’s head.  She managed to start a scream just as Sliggeg and Teetmorx rammed their way through her ear canals and into her brain.  The scream faded fast into a dazed groan, her eyes bulging and crossing.  Awkward tremors crept through her body as the goblins energetically humped into her bleeding ears, tunneling holes through her soft brain.  Lyeecia’s brain-damaged body slumped onto her knees, pissing herself as she released a series of awkward grunts and moans, blood draining from her nostrils.  Sliggeg and Teetmorx went tense, ramming their full lengths into the nearly dead elf’s skull and basting her brain with their creamy loads before springing away from her shoulders.  Her cross-eyed, slack face dropped forward, faceplanting hard against the top of the wall.The rest of the wall guard was taken out with the same degree of quick, cruel efficiency.  Their forces were so spread out that Merlara Ravaxalim – currently in charge of guarding the wall’s main gate – had no idea anything was wrong, let alone that she was the last wall guard left alive.  She was caught as unaware as all the others, snagged and promptly flung over the side of the wall.  Her scream was short lived, ending in a crunching thud as her body hit the ground outside the city, spine shattered, the back of her head caved in.  Her twitching corpse was dragged back into the ranks of the drow army, clothing and armor stripped away as she went.  As the front line prepared to launch a proper assault on the unsuspecting city, a few of the officers got done to having a bit of fun with one of the first victims of the attack, forcing their way into Merlara’s cooling orifices.The gate opened and the drow army surged into Soleila.  The attack drew enough attention to finally sound the alarm.  What little remained of the elven military forces surged towards the enemy forces, lacking any kind of structure or command.  Their general was gone, her higher ranking underlings still in the city all dead in their beds.  The soldiers were slaughtered like meat through a grinder as they threw themselves at the throng of enemy combatants.  It wasn’t long before only five of them remained – all women.  They’d gathered into a tight group, desperate to prolong their own lives instead of flinging themselves uselessly into death to defend the city.Working together, they were able to hold back the drow forces with reasonable skill, but against the Butcher, they were nothing more than helpless sows waiting to be butchered.  They did their best to retreat, maintain their attacks as they backpedaled to someplace safe.  But the beast of an orc was eager to hack them apart, the pack of drow soldiers following in his wake eager to have fun with the scraps he left behind.  And no place in Soleila was safe any longer.Kethryllia Ravaroris faced the Butcher’s terrible bloodthirst first.  The sheer bulk of the orc froze her in her place, terror gripping her so firmly that she could do nothing but piss herself from the fear.  The yells of her fellow soldiers – begging her to get back – were dull in her ears.  A whimper trembled on her lips as the Butcher cocked his beefy arm back.  He swung, catching Kethryllia against the side of her face with the bottom of his cleaver’s handle.  The force of the strike dislocated her jaw and ripped it free from her face as her body spun away.  Her fellow soldiers got to witness her jaw tearing free, leaving her tongue to flop about in the geyser of blood pouring from the torn flesh left behind.  Her eyes rolled up as her momentum carried her through a full rotation before she dropped to the ground, landing hard on her breasts.The Butcher stomped onward, reaching Lenna Qilar next.  She made a pitiful attempt to stab her sword into the orc’s belly, only to have her blade knocked from her grip with a light swipe of the man’s cleaver.  He brought the butchering tool up into the air and chopped downwards.  The tested blade connected with the top of Lenna’s head and cracked through her skull with ease.  The Butcher flexed his arm, enlisting the necessary amount of force to follow through with his downward stroke.  The cleaver split the elf’s pretty face in half, carved a gory line down the center of her throat and through her cleavage.  Her belly split open, spilling severed lengths of guts out of her as the Butcher concluded his fatal chop by forcing the cleaver through her pelvic bone, carving through the cleft of her buttocks and the folds of her cunt.  Lenna’s stiff legs remained at awkward attention before gravity pulled her separated halves apart, toppling them both to the ground.Sarya Miragolor had been standing just beside Lenna.  She had her sword poised to strike the Butcher, but her fingers had grown numb and stiff at the sight of her companion’s bloody bisection.  She soon became just another slab of meat left in the Butcher’s wake.  Yanking his cleaver up, he swung sideways at the elf, catching her just above her hips.  He hacked his way through her with ease, separating her upper half from her lower half.  Her torso slid backwards, sword fumbling from her grip as she frantically reached down to cling to the tops of her legs.  Her fingers slipped in the hot blood gushing out of her and her upper half dropped away.  She was treated to the sight of her flexing ass before her as her legs made a few jagged steps away before giving out.The Butcher let out a growl of annoyance as he lifted his cleaver to see that the blade was bent and cracked from overuse.  He slung the weapon onto his belt and reached for another in his collection of cruel instruments.  The remaining two elf soldiers had seen the damage to his primary weapon and had taken it the momentary shift in his attention to launch a final, desperate attack on the behemoth.  Closing his hand around the rusted meat hook, the Butcher was more than ready for the pair.  He smacked Finnea Ravadithas’s sword aside and grabbed her by the shoulder, twisting her away from him.  Dropping the meat hook low, he brought it up fast and hard, slamming the bent length of pointed steel into her back, hooking under her shoulder blade.  Finnea howled as the hook entered her, arms straining to reach back and pull it free.  Gathering the length of chain attached to the hook, the Butcher flung it up and over a nearby wooden crossbeam stretching over the street.  With a few hard tugs, he hefted Finnea’s flailing form into the air and left her dangling there.Only Mariona Virmenor remained and she desperately wished that were not the case.  Her terrified eyes flicked from the Butcher to Finnea’s dangling body, sword shaking in her hands.  The Butcher advanced on the trembling soldier, drawing a knife that was comically small in his hands.  The blade was typically used to skin prey, but it worked just as well at disemboweling it.  He slashed lengthwise across Mariona’s belly and then upwards, creating a bloody cross in her skin.  The first bulge of intestines started to push through the opening, but the Butcher’s clenched fist punched the organs back into place.  Mariona gasped as the Butcher’s huge hand invaded her belly, his fist opening as his fingers dug deeper into her, searching for something in particular.  He gave the elf a wide grin as he found it.  With a bit of effort, he forced his thick fingers through her back skin and then closed them, gripping the base of her spine firmly.  His free hand slapped down on top of Mariona’s shoulder, holding her body in place as he yanked the hand buried inside her back the way it had come.  The final soldier’s face filled with shocked agony for the precious few moments her head remained seated at the top of her neck.  With a gruesome tearing, Mariona’s head was ripped down into the base of her neck, disappearing into her chest cavity before emerging, soaked in blood and gore, from the hole in her gut.  The Butcher hefted his prize into the air, gripping the mangled length of the woman’s spine with the heavy weight of her head dangling below.Kethryllia would have been tasting the dirty roadway if not for all the blood coating her flopping tongue as it dragged across the bricks.  She gurgled through the thick fluid as it poured from the ragged meat of her torn cheeks, blinking tears from her eyes as the pack of soldiers following after the Butcher had their fun with her.  They’d stripped away her pants and were taking turns hammering their way up her ass while she bled out before them.  Her mind fogged, the shock of her brutal jaw removal taking its toll on her.  Her eyes rolled back and her head sank forward, giving off a few more weak shudders before passing into death, the sound of her fleshy buttocks being thrust against the last thing she heard.The two halves of Lenna’s body made for an interesting problem for the horny soldiers who gathered around her.  Her limp hands could be wrapped around a pair of members.  Two more could drag across the soft soles of her feet.  But her most appealing holes had been rendered nonexistent by the Butcher’s cleaving blow.  The soldiers got creative, pushing their aching members into the split hemispheres of her brain, fucking against the underside of each plump tit, stringing out her intestines to slide into the severed flesh-hoses and jerk themselves off.  But had first seemed like a corpse with limited uses became a myriad of uniquely pleasant experiences for the men gathered around Lenna.The state of Sarya’s body was far simpler to deal with and, like Kethryllia, she was still clinging to life when they reached her.  Her lower half was stripped, pulled up and held between a pair of the soldiers.  They rammed their way into her cunt and ass while stretching and stroking her limp legs.  A third soldier tore away the light armor covering Sarya’s chest and dropped on top of her.  He mashed her perky tits together along the sides of his erection and started humping, savoring the look of terrified pain in the woman’s eyes as she watched his cock rise and fall through her cleavage.  The sight of her face growing pale, the life slipping away from her, encouraged him to fuck her tits faster.  He let out a triumphant grunt as he came before she went, treating her to a significant facial before her head dropped back to the road and she finally died.Finnea was the liveliest of all of the Butcher’s victims, suffering endlessly but in very little danger of expiring any time soon.  Her kicking legs could only dissuade the soldiers so much as they got her boots and pants off.  She was at a convenient height for their lusts, a queue forming around her struggling form as they took turns fucking their way into her lower holes.  Finnea would remain hanging there, an alluring point of interest as the drow army continued their invasion of the city.  It would take days before she finally expired.  Her inert, cum-packed corpse would remain dangling, providing relief for anyone who could handle the stench wafting off of her rotting meat.  But before that time came, many other elves suffered and died during the invasion of Soleila.With no military forces to defend them, the civilians living in Soleila were easy pickings for the drow army.  Every man was slaughtered on sight, no matter his age.  The women suffered a far wider range of tortures, from reasonably quick deaths, to extended demises, to enslavement.  The one thing no elf in the city saw a glimpse of was even an ounce of mercy.Edea Valnala, one of the city’s apothecaries, was caught in her shop by a rowdy trio of drow soldiers.  She’d been working in the back of her shop when she heard the commotion from outside.  As she made her way to the front door, she let out a scream as the soldiers burst inside.  She made a panicked attempt to flee back into her workshop, but they caught her along the way and dragged her the rest of the way.  Clearing her workbench of bottles and half-finished potions, they flung Edea over the surface and hastily tore away her clothing.  She screamed for help, her mind resisting the reality of the situation.  Soleila was the capital city, well-defended.  A drow invasion had always felt like an impossibility.  Facing the consequences of that impossibility, Edea could do nothing to stop the drow from taking what they wanted from her.Omardrin Deep wrenched Edea’s legs apart, leaning in to give her bared snatch a close examination.  He twisted a finger through the wispy curls of her silky pubic hair before pushing his thumbs against her labial folds, peeling them apart to stare into the core of her sex.  He took a deep, appreciative smell of her natural musk, made all the more pleasant due to the flowery-scented oils she regularly rubbed between her thighs.  He pressed his lips into her cunt and jabbed his tongue against her warm, sensitive skin, giving her a thorough oral examination.  Edea cringed, tears stinging her eyes as the pleasure of the drow’s slick tongue rolled up from her crotch.  She let out a yelp as Kronaxle Claddervs grabbed a fistful of her dark hair and forced her head to the side, pushing the thick tip of his cock past her lips.Dresnel Abiirn turned his attention to the shelf of various potions lining one wall of Edea’s workshop.  He considered himself a bit of an apothecary enthusiast and had a reasonable knowledge of what several of the potions were and how they worked.  He chuckled as he found a set of potions hidden on the bottom shelf behind a few dusty vials of health restoratives.  “Look what I found, boys,” he called to the others, gathering up a few of the bottles.  “The bitch has a private stash of the good stuff.”“What’s that?” Kronaxle asked, still pumping into Edea’s mouth, giving the bottles a dubious look.“The sorts of things that significantly alter someone’s consciousness,” the clever drow said with a grin.  “A few sips of one of these and we’ll enter a new plane of existence, one created entirely by our minds.”  He popped the cork from the top of one of the bottles and offered it to the mouth-fucker.  “Want to try?”Omardrin lifted his mouth from Edea’s snatch.  “Just because we have free reign to do what we like to whatever elf scum we find, doesn’t mean we can chug that swill.  We still have work to do.”“I’ve got a better idea,” Kronaxle said with a grin, reaching over to take the open bottle from Dresnel.  He popped his cock free from Edea’s mouth and grabbed her by the chin, forcing her to face upwards and keep her lips parted.  “You look thirsty,” he chuckled, bringing the bottle of potent fluid to her mouth and tipping it into her.  Edea’s eyes bulged as the hallucinogenic drink poured across her tongue and filled her mouth to the brim, forcing her to swallow to avoid suffocating or drowning in the stuff.  She’d taken more than a few sample sips from the bottle over the years, enough to know that the quantity being forced into her was far too large.  Tears slid from her eyes as she swallowed the spicy drug, knowing that each chug would further obliterate her mind.The contents of the bottle were potent.  One swallow was all it took for Edea to feel the effects.  A warmth blossomed in her belly, radiating outwards.  Her pupils dilated, pulse quickening.  Her nipples stiffened into tight points, labia swelling as a flood of juices drained from her pulsing sex.  Her resisting struggles became urgent writhing.  The horror she felt vanished.  She could no longer even see her abusers, her vision crowded with vibrant flashes of color and swirls of glowing lines that traced out a myriad of perverse imagery.  The images of fireworks intensified as Omardrin’s lips returned to her cunt, each kiss, each flick of his tongue, sending her through a cascade of powerful climaxes.  Her tongue swirled around the rim of the bottle still held against her lips, gathering up every drop of the lingering drug she could and moaning into the empty vessel.  When the bottle slid away and was replaced by something fleshier, she kept on working her tongue, sucking to get whatever juices she could from the meat.Dresnel’s chemical interest faded as he watched the changes wash over Edea.  Leaving the rest of the bottles on a nearby desk, he made his way over to the fun, freeing his erection.  He took turns sliding into her hungry mouth with Kronaxle, tilting her head back and forth between them.  When Omardrin finally got his fill of the elf’s honey, he pulled his face away from her slippery crotch, licking his lips.  Gripping his cock, he guided himself to her slit and eased his way in, gasping as her vaginal walls shivered and clung to his girth.  A spasm shot through her body, lips closing tighter around Kronaxle’s dick, sucking hard at him as she moaned and jerked her hips up in a desperate attempt to gain more of Omardrin’s member.  Hot juices sprayed from her, splattering across the drow’s belly and soaking his balls.Plugged at both ends, Edea’s drug-soaked mind imagined herself as a stuffed balloon, filling more and more with the rising flow of ecstasy rushing into her with each pump of the cocks penetrating her.  When the molten spunk of one of her oral lovers drained over her tongue, she drank it down with far more enthusiasm than she had the bottle’s potent contents.  She purred around Kronaxle’s pulsing prick as Dresnel fired lines of his own sticky seed over her cheek.  With her mind gone, the drow didn’t bother restraining Edea’s arms, leaving her hands free to massage her heaving tits and tug at her aching nipples.  She reached up, closing her fingers around the base of Kronaxle’s cock and squeezing hard.  When her lips popped away from his spent member, she jerked along his softening length, urging him to regain his stiffness.  Her other hand moved blindly to find Dresnel’s, jerking him off with equal fervor.  In her tumbling mind’s eye, she saw herself passing along her very essence into their bodies, fueling their lust and renewing their flesh.Edea let out a frustrated whimper as the cock plunging away between her splayed thighs exploded within her even as she reinvigorated the two pricks in her hands.  She shuddered on her work bench, each drop of cum that entered her forcing her into a fresh climax.  She clenched her cunt muscles around Omardrin, doing her best to stroke him with her hot walls like she had the two men on other side of her.  It worked to a point, but it was not enough to keep the pleasant rod of flesh inside her.  Edea grunted and grumbled like an irritated child who wasn’t getting what she wanted, drawing her hands back to her body so she could roughly grope her chest and finger her snatch.  The three soldiers watched her performance, pleased by the display and impressed with the potion’s ability to transform her so utterly into a wanton whore.Edea gasped as their rough hands fell upon her again, rolling her onto her side and stretching her left leg up into the air.  She hungrily slurped at the fresh cock presented to her lips, moaning around it as she felt the other two prodding against her lower holes.  Omardrin clutched her hair as he fucked the elf’s face with rapid pumps, enjoying the way she gagged around him, layering his shaft in her spittle.  Kronaxle slotted his unit easily into the stoned elf’s snatch, slick as it was with a blend of male and female cum.  Dresnel gathered up some of that cum, splattered across the inside of Edea’s thigh, and used it as an effective lubricant to wedge his way into her rear.  The eager side to side gyrations she made was evidence that she did not mind the anal intrusion in the slightest.  She was desperate to get fucked in any way she could.Edea’s eyes rolled back as she shoved her face into Omardrin’s crotch, stretching her lips around the base of his shaft as the head of his cock squeezed down her clenching throat.  She gulped around his member, drooling over his testicles and releasing muffled groans as he gripped her hair and pinched her nipples.  She stretched one arm upwards, looping around Omardrin to grip his ass, while the other moved down and behind her to stroke across Dresnel’s hip.  She was a live wire filled with pure ecstasy being pumped into her.  The lightest breeze across her naked flesh, the trickle of her perspiration running down her back, the trickles of precum leaking into her holes, all of it was enough to overwhelm her nerve endings.  The ecstasy was a more powerful drug than anything she’d ever sampled, it overcame the fatigue of her gyrating body, pushed her to strive for more and more of it.After finishing with their respective holes, they rolled Edea onto her belly.  She humped her gooey crotch against the top of the work bench as she dragged her tongue through the pool of drool and jizz under her head.  “Our little friend wants to keep this party going,” Dresnel chuckled, grabbing another bottle from the selection he’d picked out.  He pulled her head up and brought the fresh bottle to her lips.  This time, she drank down the contents eagerly.  As the new drug entered her system, she went into a wild fit of seizures.  Her humping intensified, eyes rolling back to show only the whites.  She jerked her hips upwards, lifting her crotch into the air as a geyser of girl-spunk sprayed from her.  As the violent mixture of drugs in her system settled down, Edea slumped over the work bench, barely conscious and thoroughly spent.Edea’s lethargy did not dissuade the drow soldiers from continuing to have their fun with her.  Dresnel took her next, climbing over her and plunging back into her ass.  Edea groaned and shifted beneath her vigorous lovers, too sapped to push back to meet their thrusts despite how good they felt.  With three more loads of cum clogging her bowels, the elf’s lack of response finally became irritating to the soldiers.“I can fix this,” Dresnel assured them, returning to the assortment of bottles.  “Roll her over so we can give her a nice, strong stimulant.”Kronaxle and Omardrin rolled Edea over and sat her up as Dresnel selected another potion.  He recognized it as a form of energy-giving fluid, which seemed to be exactly what their plaything needed.  Uncapping it, he brought it to her lips.  As the sweet taste rolled across her tongue, Edea felt a jolt run through her, pushing away the fatigue.  She took the bottle from Dresnel and continued to gulp, downing the full bottle in a little under a minute.  She released a soft burp followed by a low moan, dropping the empty bottle in favor of clutching at her breasts.  Gooseflesh spread across her skin as her heart pounded in her chest, driven into a new kind of overdrive.The soldiers were ready to give Edea another round of hard fucking when the three potions met in her stomach.  The mixture started a violent chain reaction.  The woman’s moan shifted into a strained whine as she dropped her hands down to her feverish belly.  The whine rose into a high-pitched scream as her body pulled back, slamming onto the work bench before arching her spine to push her midsection into the air.  She kept on screaming, drowning out the sound of stretching skin as her stomach swelled.  Her arms and legs thrashed about, head rolling from side to side, as her extremities began to balloon up just like her gut.  Bloody tears gushed from around her bulging eyes, leaked from her gumline and squirted from her ears.  In a matter of moments, Edea more resembled a blood-bloated tick than she did a fetching elven woman.“What the hell did you do to her?” Kronaxle snapped, smacking Dresnel across the chest.Dresnel shrugged, staring in horror at what was happening to Edea.  “I was just trying to give her a little more pep.”Edea’s screams choked off, her agony too extreme to properly express, allowing her to hear the way her skin stretched, the way her organs popped inside her.  The creaking droned away in her head, growing louder with each moment.  Her swollen body had taken on a dark crimson shade, vicious stretch marks crisscrossing over her.  She managed a pathetic squeak before her flesh gave out.  She exploded into a wave of thick, chunky gore that left the room and its three remaining occupants soaked in her remains.Kronaxle wiped the layer of gore from his face and glared over at Dresnel.  “You’re an idiot.”As the sac of the city progressed, the drow rampaged through the population with almost now resistance… but that didn’t mean that none were capable of resisting. The assassins the night before had slain every mage and priest they could find, and with the fall of the temple today the vast majority of the city with the ability to use magic had been killed.It was the job of Koszar Nirune to make sure that it was all of them. He moved through the city like a wraith, killing anyone among the elves that he detected using magic. He had had his fun this morning… this was about his ascension. He was the second mightiest mage in all of Menzoberranzan… and while some would be happy with that, to Koszar it just meant he had a better view of the seat still above him. If he succeeded brilliantly enough, he might gain the allies he needed to take down Grompf… and that was more important that tearing off a bit of additional cunt for himself.Most of the time.When he detected the surge of magic from the noble district, at first he thought that the King and Queen, wizards by reputation, had entered the battle. Eager for the glory that taking them down would bring, he summoned a door in open space and stepped through it, appeared behind ranks of drow warriors trying to break through a few defenders into a noble’s estate. The magic was coming from inside… quite a bit of it. He narrowed his eyes as he examined. Not the King and Queen then… a summoner. The mage was summoning allies to the fight. He needed to get in there.With a few gesture, Koszar wove a trio of scorching green wedges into existence, willing them to fly forward faster and straighter than the truest arrow. The guards there two men and a woman, and the arrows took the three of them in the chests, the acid flowing out of the magic to drip down their front as they fell to the ground, screaming and dying as their skin melted with their clothing. Drow warriors were quick to hack the men to pieces, but a pair of men dragged the woman off to rape… Koszar Nirune couldn’t be bothered. Gesturing onwards, he sent the others questing through the house, looking for the summoners.Elira Mizzerun chanted frantically, kneeling in one of the twelve circles as she heard elves scream and die around her. Her blonde hair was damp with sweat, sticking to her face, but she couldn’t brush it away. She had to focus… she could sense the delicate fibers of the spell winding around her, streaming through her mind like the lyrics of an epic ballad. Rania had been a fool not to take her as an apprentice… could that slut Jastira do this? Could she weave a summoning this grand?Of course, Elira wasn’t doing it alone. A dozen other elves chanted with her, a mix of men and women, but the bulk of the effort came from her, she was sure. She was the one to lead them, the one who knew the spell… the others followed her lead. Soon she would have summoned elemental beings from the outer planes, the ancient servants of the elvish people, and she would turn them on the invading drow armies. She would be the one to drive the armies back… and then Rania would be forced to admit that she was wrong about summoning magic, that it was useful, that she was strong.The door burst open. The drow! They had gotten in! Her guards must all be dead by now… no matter. Even as the killing started, Elira focused, hardening her will. As summoners died in their circles, it became harder but the spell was so close to complete now… she held it together with sheer will, gripping onto the summoning, channeling it, trying to tune out the screams of the dying.Exhilaration filled her as she felt her call be answered. The the ground shuddered beneath the floorboards and brilliant light filled the room… and then four being stood in the center of the room. There were featureless pillars of energy… a glowing sphere of Fire, a rumbling pile of Earth, a bubbling fountain of Water, and a nearly invisible swirling column of air. Four elementals… and she had called them.Elira looked around. Of the elves that had begun this summoning with her, only four were left. It would be enough. “I will remember you, brothers and sisters,” she said nobly, smiling at the hesitant drow. “Kill them!”The elementals didn’t move.A tiny trickle of panic filled her. “Kill them!” she commanded. The elementals began to move… just a tiny twitch in the direction of the drow… then they froze again. Only then did Elira notice it… a second set of threads weaving through the spell she had woven, fighting for control. A will fighting against hers for control. It shoved at her, pressed hard enough at her that the blonde elf actually leaned back. So strong…“Pathetic!” a cold voice snarled as one drow pushed through the rest. He wore black clothing and silver jewelry, his white hair seeming to glow in the reflected light of the fire elemental. “I thought I sensed someone strong!” he spat out. “Someone worthy! Instead I find a group of children playing with the toys of their betters… too stupid to know better than to call up beings against someone so weak. Trying to use summoning in war… are you desperate or a fool?”The drow wizard took several more steps forward, and three of the four elementals flinched away from him. Only the water did not, held by Elira’s desperate will. “I had hoped I found someone worthy of taking as a pet. Instead I find corpses.” He looked over the four elementals in the middle of the room… now his servants. “Kill them,” he ordered.Three of the four immediately surged forward. Neslaika, Yttri, and Rasham barely had time to scream before Earth, Wind, and Fire were upon them. Elira could see it. Neslaika was buried beneath an avalanche of Earth as it crushed her to the floor with the snap of breaking bone and a brief, aborted cry. Seconds later, she could see blood oozing out from beneath the mass of stones and dirt. Yttri opened her mouth to scream, and Wind flew directly into her mouth. Her eyes wide with panic, the dark haired elf tried to stumble out of the room, and at a gesture from the wizard the soldiers let her go. She didn’t make it all the way into the hallways before she simply exploded, the spinning vortex of wind ripping her apart from the inside. The two of them died with barely a sound, but Rasham had all the time in the world to scream as fire coursed over her. Her clothing went up like a torch, and her hair caught fire a bare instant later. Her screams were horrible as her eyes popped in the heat, fat bubbling from beneath her skin as she was boiled alive in her skin by the heat of the elemental. Finally, after what felt like forever to Elira, her screams stopped… and the only sound was the crackling of cooking flesh.She stared at the remaining elemental, desperately fight for control of Water. He… couldn’t… do this. He… was… hers…The drow wizard glanced at the water elemental… and Elira felt her will snap like it was a spiderweb in a door, brushed aside as effortlessly as a swipe of a hand. She gasped as she felt herself lose completely control of the spell, felt it ripped away from her by the dark skinned wizard in front of her. “Useless,” he growled… and Water rushed at her.Elira clasped her hands over her mouth to stop the scream, but the elemental didn’t care – to her horror it simply poured into her through every other opening. It soaked through her clothing and into her cunt and ass. It poured through her nose and down into her lungs and stomach both. Despite her struggling, despite her attempts to mentally command the elemental to obey, Water filled her insides completely. It felt like every inch of her was filled, every hole stuffed full… like the elemental was trying to force even more of itself into her through every pore, through her ears, through her belly button, through her urethra… every single gap in her skin felt like it was being fucked at once.As she was simultanously drowned and battered to death, she noticed the wizard had his cock out and was slowly stroking it. He was looking for a slave… he had said so. She tore off her clothing, exposing her breasts to the glow of Fire and offering herself to the wizard as much as she could… and he laughed. “You? You think I want something as worthless as you? No, this is for them…” He gestured, and with her darkening vision Elira could see Fire, Earth, and Air… kneeling on the ground. Earth’s skin was darker and rough than Neslaika’s ever had been but otherwise Earth was now the elf woman’s splitting image. Yttri’s entirely body seemed gossamer as Air took her form, her hair like lightning blowing in the breeze over nearly transparent skin. and Rasham looked almost normal, save for the glow of flame rising from beneath her skin and behind her eyes. The woman had once had flaming red hair, but now that hair was literally flame, blowing in the breeze of Air next to her.The three elementals rested on their knees, their hands held behind their bodies as they presented naked forms to the wizard. “At least you managed to do something right, you worthless surface whore,” the wizard mocked. “You brought us some interesting cunt. For that, I’ll let Water look like you as she gets raped… its the closest to being worthy of me that you will ever get.”As Elira dropped to the ground, the lights behind her eyes long faded, Water poured out of her. Guided by Koszar’s will, she took the form of the beautiful blonde elf entirely in shades of blue and green, rapidly churning water giving her body hard, touchable surfaces. Koszar couldn’t tell if those were tears on her face from what he had made the elemental do or if Water was just leaking… he hoped it was the former. He looked at the other drow. “Have fun with them,” he said dismissively. As the crowd of drow fell onto the four helpless elementals, eager to find out how unique their holes would feel, Koszar sighed and walked from the mansion. At least this hadn’t been a complete waste of time… but there was still work to do.The smell of smoke didn’t even register to Raeshi Tunglye… she was far too used to it. The master blacksmith pumped the bellows, heating her forge hotter and hotter with each pump. It was exhausting work, and most had told her that it wasn’t fit work a woman… over the last hundred years she had proved them all wrong. Her body wasn’t lean like most elves… she wasn’t bulky or strong like a warrior, but her limbs were tight and chorded with muscle, her fingers delicate and gifted from their skill at creating, and if she sweat heard in her workshop it was more from the heat than the exertion.When the drow had come into her workshop, she had fought at first. She was as strong as any of them, stronger than most, but she didn’t know how to fight. She resisted strongly enough that she almost knocked one of the drow into her forge. He had caught himself, but his face had been burned where it had struck the side. If she were a man, they would have rammed one of their swords into her guts… but unfortunately for Raeshi, she wasn’t. And while she fought bravely with one of her larger hammers, eventually one of the drow smashed her in the back of the head with an unforged iron rod, and she dropped like an ingot to the floor.When she woke up, two of the drow were working her forge while a third, the one with the burned face, held her down. Seeing others using her forge, her tools, bothered her nearly as much as the pounding in her head. It took her a few moment to realize she was naked and the burned drow was roughly squeezing her tits one after the other. “I am going to make you wish you had never been born,” he whispered into her ear, his burned face pressed against the side of hers. As the drow pulled a pair of manacles out of her forge with tongs, seeing them glowing crimson with heat, Raeshi could tell he was as good as his word. He held her in place, the struggling elf screaming as she felt the heat of the manacles… creams that became horrific shrieks as her skin began to sizzle beneath them. The drow showed her no mercy, however… they sealed them around her before letting her to her feet, to desperately try and struggle her way out of the metal driving her mad as it scorched her fleshRaeshi thrashed around furiously, almost unthinking, the agony in her arms and wrists as she screamed herself raw and hoarse. She had no rational thought, no ability to think about anything but the burning pain and trying to get away from it, even thought it was impossible… they stopped her if she randomly started to scramble towards the exit, but otherwise they let her desperately flop around until it got boring. Then they dunked both her shackles, and her face, into one of the quenching barrels before beginning to rape her.The first one had his fun fun while couldn’t breath, but it was just a start… by the time her ass was leaking cum, she had been dumped onto the ground to gasp and sob. Her voice was gone, her throat clearly damaged, but the shackles were merely hot enough to be agonizing against her burned skin rather than torturous… Raeshi lay on the ground, sobbing brokenly and wishing for death. Then the drow showed her what they had been doing in the meantime. Her anvil now glowed orange with the heat of the flames and she sobbed harder, knowing they intended to make her suffer with it somehow.The burned one was named Danin, and he took pleasure in holding her hands down against the anvil and hearing them sizzle as fresh nerves died. Then he took her hammer and one by one broke every one of the master artisan’s strong, skilled fingers, smashing them flat as he put her tool to be a more satisfying, and gruesome, use than she could have imagined.Then he gripped the back of her back and shoved her down on the anvil by her tits.Raeshi didn’t think she could scream anymore, not after watching her hands been destroyed, not after the shackles, but she surprised herself. The sound was more of a pathetic, high-pitched burbling, not loud… but it was a sad, sobbing scream as she felt her tits begin to sear while the second drow raped her. She struggled weakly, but found that the flesh of her breasts had already been stuck to the hot metal. The drow laughed at her pathetic attempts, waiting for her to rip her own skin off in the attempt to flop herself off the anvil and to the ground… before viciously pushing her right back onto the stovetop they had turned her anvil into.The blacksmith wished that she could die, but her strong, healthy body betrayed her over and over. It held onto life as she was raped over and over. It held onto life as Danin held her face down against the anvil, giving her a burn to match his own. And it held onto life as the drow began to cut off her cooked tits and eat the soft flesh, building up their strength so they could rape her again.Raeshi was a mute, cum-soaked wreck by the time they were finished with her, her beautiful, prized body turned into an absolute ruin. She still lived, despite her best efforts to do otherwise. Danin still worked on her forge, making new bonds for her… sloppily, the least skillful things ever made at her forge, but they would do. Hollow eyed, the elf didn’t even react as the band was wrapped around her torso and then nailed and welted into place against her hot forge. She wept and whined as she was further burned by the heat… but then blinked in surprise as Danin just spat into her face before pushing the quenching barrel close enough that her bound, mutilated hands could dip into it.“Have a nice life,” he mocked her… then he and his fellow soldiers turned and left.Raeshi didn’t know what was going on, when they were going to be back to rape her more, to kill her. It took until the forge burned out and finally grew cold and that she realized that they… or anyone else… weren’t going to be coming back for her. There was was water aplenty nearby – if she was willing to sip it off her mangled palms – but no food at all. Even through her exhausted, pained brain, she understood. The water was there to torment her. It was a temptation. She was pitifully aware of it, of how badly her parched throat already wanted it… but if she drank, she would only be prolonging her life towards a more painful death… longer if her desperate, addled mind gave in further to temptation and she didn’t start eating what little was left of her own cooks breasts.It would be better to die parched in a day or two… she knew that.But she was so thirsty…Maybe just one sip?Burolia Sargwyn and her daughter, Loreleia, had just arrived at the city marketplace when the invasion reached them.  The attractive older elf and her alluring offspring witnessed a fair number of vicious atrocities before the soldiers turned their attention on them.  Burolia made an attempt to defend her daughter from the soldiers, but her efforts were short lived.  Her top was torn open, breasts bouncing into clear view, before she was dragged out of the way and her shrieking daughter was converged upon.  The younger elf screamed and flailed as soldiers moved in around her and tore at her clothing, stripping her down to her shoes.  The pair were herded together, forced over to a large wooden barrel filled with water.Mother and daughter were bent over either side of the barrel, facing each other.  Burolia’s skirt was torn away, her underwear dragged down to her ankles.  Sword tips were put to the backs of their necks to ensure the women didn’t cause any trouble as their legs were pulled apart, loins left helpless.  Loreleia sobbed and begged her mother to save her while Burolia did her best to give her daughter what she desired, pleading with the soldiers to do what they liked with her, but to spare her offspring.  The drow played with their terrified minds as well as their doomed bodies, teasing Burolia with the possibility of earning her daughter’s prolonged existence.“We’re only taking one of you,” the drow ordered. “I’ll only be taking one of you. One of you gets to earn an existence being packed full of cum for the rest of her life. The other… well, the other also gets to get packed full of cum for the rest of her life. The only difference is, her life ends today. If you don’t want me to kill your daughter…” his eyes glittered. “Kiss her. Give us a show.” Her eyes wide with horror, Burolia leaned forward and kiss her… just a miniscule peck of the lips. The soldier pressed the tip of his blade harder into Loreleia’s neck, making it perfectly clear that that wasn’t going to be close to enough. Feeling sick, Burolia tried again, stuffing her tongue into her daughter’s mouth.  When even that performance was found lacking, the soldier growled and shoved Loreleia’s head into the barrel, deep beneath the surface of the water.“No, please!” Burolia shrieked, squirming against the soldier behind her and earning a deep cut along the back of her neck.  “I can do better!  Just don’t hurt my baby, please!”Loreleia was pulled back out of the barrel.  She coughed and sputtered water from her mouth, blinking and sobbing.  “Mother…” she gasped.  “Save me!”“We have to kiss, child,” she instructed through her tears.  “Like lovers.”Loreleia didn’t like the idea, but she was too terrified to refuse.  When her mother leaned in to kiss her deeply a second time, she did her best to kiss back with as much passion as she could muster.  The pain in her neck lessened slightly, but she could already feel trickles of blood creeping through her hair and down her back.  The drow cock stuffing her cunt hurt worse, the size of it stretching her out, hammering against her cervix.  She gasped as her mother’s face was pulled away, leaving her to kiss air for a moment.“Well done, bitch,” the drow fucking Burolia growled into her ear.  “I guess we should give you what you want, huh?”Before Burolia could reply, the drow forced her head into the barrel.  Water splashed over the rim.  The older elf woman managed to catch half a breath before her dunking.  The fleshy spike hammering into her from behind quickened its strokes.  Her ability to hear was muted, but she made out her daughter’s panicked screams, now begging the drow to spare her mother’s life.  Burolia closed her eyes and tried to gather enough courage to quicken her demise, expel her air and suck down the water.  The quicker she died, the less time Loreleia would have to undo the work she’d done to keep her safe.  She’d heard the rumors spreading about what the drow had done to the small town they’d invaded before arriving at Soleila.  They’d taken captives.  She doubted that fate would be much better than dying a relatively quick death, but she had to believe that as long as her daughter lived, there was at least a chance that she could be rescued.  Her chest ached from the stale air she had trapped inside her lungs, making it easier for her to give in.  She offered her daughter the only thing she had left – a silent prayer – before parting her lips and allowing the air to come bubbling out of her.  Then she breathed in deeply and felt a new kind of terrible pain as her body fought instinctively against the imminent drowning.As she watched the bubbles rising to the surface of the barrel and her mother’s body began to buck wildly against the soldier raping her, Loreleia’s panic intensified.  “Please!  She’s done nothing wrong!  Leave her alone!”  She squirmed against the man holding her down, ignoring the deeper cut in her neck that resulted.  “Let her live, I beg you!  Take what you like from me, but let her live!”  Her sobbing overwhelmed her, taking away her words momentarily as she watched her mother’s struggles slackening.The drow humping into Burolia slowed his gyrations as he felt the woman’s death spasms rolling through her cunt walls.  “Bad news, girlie,” he mocked the daughter.  “Your mother’s gone.”“No!” Loreleia screamed, her eyes fixed on her mother’s corpse, seeing nothing more than the occasional twitch run through the body.  “She’s still moving!  She’s still alive!  Pull her out, please!  She’s not dead yet!”The soldier knew better but he was more than happy to show the young elf how wrong she was.  He tugged Burolia’s head free from the bucket, giving Loreleia a clear view of her mother’s slack face and vacant eyes, water draining from her gaping mouth.  “You sure about that, girlie?” he asked with a laugh.  He gave the dead elf’s head a shake.  “How alive does she look now?”  Loreleia sobbed fitfully, her tortured mind still trying to deny the reality of what she was looking at.  The soldier hooked a hand around Burolia’s chin and twisted her head hard, snapping her neck.  “How about now?”  Satisfied that the young elf was thoroughly broken, he dropped Burolia’s head back into the barrel and resumed his spirited thrusts into the woman’s corpse.“Alright, your turn,” the drow behind Loreleia announced.The young elf’s panic shifted gears in an instant.  “But, wait!” she shrieked.  “You said – “  Her final protest ended in a splash as her head was forced into the barrel alongside her dead mother.  Loreleia’s struggles were magnificent compared to Burolia’s.  The younger elf had no reason to accept her end.  The horror of it all was a good enough motivator, but beyond that, it was the unfairness of her fate that truly made her fight with everything she had.  The back of her head knocked against the back of her mother’s head, giving her little room to shift inside the cramped barrel.  Still, she could shift side to side relatively easily, back and forth maybe an inch or so, but the one direction she desperately wanted to move in was denied her thanks to the drow soldier’s powerful grip.  Her head pounded and her lungs strained.  The rapid thudding her heartbeat filled her ears.  Her mind flashed with thoughts of her mother, of the fruit she’d planned on buying at the market today, of the cute farmer boy she’d been flirting with off and on – now dead and slumped over his display of fresh produce with his guts mingling with the apples.  In the end, the rapid flashing of memories and hopes was obliterated by smothering agony and encroaching oblivion.Loreleia’s spirited flailing continued right until a sudden end.  When the young elf’s life finally blinked out, her muscles were tense and resisting – still straining to pull her head free of the barrel.  Then nothing, her muscles loose and limp.  The drow snuff-raping her kept her head shoved into the barrel for a few minutes longer, suspecting a trick.  But Loreleia’s body remained inert, offering not even so much as a twitch.  Finally dragging the soggy head free, the drow confirmed the girl’s death, snapping her neck with a quick and practiced move.  Then he dropped her head back into the barrel and resumed fucking the corpse.When the sun had risen this morning, Dreisha had risen with it. The bark of her tree, rough to others, had been so comfortable beneath her green skin. Not all people were so civilized as to keep forests within their cities… but the elves were, and the dryad had always been grateful for that. Tiny birds hopped from branch to branch, the wind rustled the leaves, and the steam through her grove gurgled noisily over rocks.That was why she didn’t hear the screaming until it was far too late. A half dozen drow invaders game bursting through the trees while she was bathing in the stream. The two groups looked at each other in shock… Dreisha had never seen a dark elf before, and couldn’t imagine what one would be doing here… much less six with bloody weapons. For the invader’s part, they hadn’t been expecting to see a naked, green-skinned woman waiting for them… but they had known precisely what to do.Dreisha wasn’t a fighter – she had no chance to resist as they swarmed her, shoving her naked body beneath the stream and silencing her screams to bubbles. A second later, she had a second reason to scream as a cock forced her cunt open, pounding her into the mud and silt beneath the surface of the water as she slowly began to drown. They didn’t let her die, however – the soldier occasionally let her get a breath, enough that she was still alive when he came in her… and when the next soldier did, and the next, and the next. She had just enough air to notice the streamer of crimson floating through the stream… blood seeping into the water from dying in the pillaged city.By the time they were finished, her skin had largely be scraped off on her back by the hard rocks beneath the surface but there was no other sign of her abuse… the running water had washed the cum away. It was almost a relief when they took her out… especially when she saw they were returning her to her tree.Then she saw the axes.Each cut into the tree left bloody gouges in Dreisha’s skin as well… she screamed, writhing in agony on the floor as they cut many of her branches off. It felt like having hers arms and legs chopped off, over and over and over again. Compared to that, it didn’t feel that bad when someone started shoving one of her tree’s branches up her ass… at first.She found that she could still feel it… even cut from her tree, the branch was still a part of her. As the drow raped her ass with it, she could feel it both ways… feel her ass squeezing it and feel it tearing her apart. And they wouldn’t stop, just wouldn’t stop, no matter how she wailed. When her body began to break she was already out of breath to scream, already out of tears to cry as the cock ripped into her. She screamed anyway. Dreisha released a shriek of epic proportions as the hard wood ripped out of even the tender socket of her ass, one slow in at a time, and she continued to scream out the agony as it went further and further. The dryad’s legs kicked wildly through the air and her fists beat against the drow holding her, hoping to make them let her go. She felt her hips dislocate to make room for the branch… and all the while she could feel how impossibly tight her own insides were on it. Tears of sap streaked freely down her cheeks as Dreisha’s eyes bulged from their sockets, the dryad’s traumatized mind going completely insane as she suffered the anguish of having her guts and stomach raped by a piece of herself. Dreisha’s slim stomach bulged outward as the branch moved further. She could see a bulge between her breasts, and her gut looked pregnant… a second later she coughed up blood, and then horribly she felt it coming up her throat, up into her face, out her mouth… tasting her ass and blood and ruined body on its length as it scrubbed her tongue raw with the bloody bark. Then, once she was fully impaled, the drow worked together to heave her back up into the boughs of her tree. She was still alive, somehow… still alive, even in agonizing impalement… even unable to move for the pain. But she was alive, and they were leaving her alone.Dreisha thought that right up until she smelled the smoke as they set her precious grove of trees on fire. It took her tree more than an hour to burn down… and she felt every second.Ilsevel Kelbanise had a distinctive pep in her stumble as she made her way back to the little hideout she called home.  It had been a splendidly long night of plying her trade, drinking and laughing and seducing her way through more than a dozen inebriated pub patrons, lightning them of their valuables as she went along.  The buzz of alcohol was fading, leaving behind a pervasive sleepiness.  She decided she could tally up all the loot she’d swiped later on.  The first thing she was doing when she arrived at the little secret hovel was passing out.  When the drow soldiers reached her section of town, she wasted a few precious moments blinking slowly at the advancing troops, struggling to figure out if what she was looking at was real or just a lingering aftereffect of that glowing tonic the apothecary had slipped her at the start of the previous night.By the time Ilsevel convinced her brain to believe what she was seeing, the soldiers were nearly on her.  She turned and sprinted away, her frantic mind coming up with a simple plan.  Make it to her hideout.  She had supplies there, enough to live off of for a little while.  The elven authorities had never been able to find the place.  She hoped the drow would have similar issues.  She just needed to put enough distance between herself and her pursuers to avoid them seeing her secret entrance.  As tired as she was, Ilsevel focused entirely on running, ducking into the narrow alleyway where the route to her hideaway began.Racing to the end of the alleyway, Ilsevel crouched and pried open the false wall concealing the passage.  She threw herself inside and tugged the covering back into place, hoping that in her haste she hide her bolt hole well enough to remain undetected.  The thief didn’t bother waiting around to confirm, crawling her way through the narrow tunnel.  She’d just rounded a corner when she heard the covering being tugged aside and the sound of the drow soldiers chasing after her into the tunnel system.  She let out a frustrated sob and crawled faster.  Pulling herself into her hideout, Ilsevel felt only the smallest bit of relief, certain that the enemy would be meeting here there shortly.The drow soldiers found Ilsevel backed into the far corner of her hideout, clutching a hilariously small dagger in her shaking hands.  The second she saw them, she flung the weapon aside and lifted her hands into a placating sign of surrender.  “Wait, please!” she gasped, panic in her eyes.  “Think about this.  I’ve been prowling this city since I was a kid.  I can help you, right?  If you take over the city, you’re going to need informants.  I can get into and out of anywhere outside of the castle.  I can keep an eye on the other elves, let you know if any of them plan to cause any trouble.”  Seeing her words were having little effect on the soldiers, she shifted tactics.“Do you need proof of how valuable I could be for you?” she asked, pulling her heavy loot sack up and opening it.  She pulled out the goods she’d swiped the previous night.  Necklaces of gold and silver, rings embedded with precious stones, so many coins of varying denominations.  “This was just from a single night,” she told them.  “I have more here.  I could steal for you.  Invasions can’t be cheap, right?  You need some way to fund your efforts.  Let me help, huh?”  She offered the stone-faced soldiers a hopeful smile.  “You see, yes?  You see how valuable I am?  I get to live now?”Nalas Noqurret, the leader of the squad who’d chased Ilsevel into her hovel frowned.  “Never trust a thief, boys,” he growled.  “They’re only ever really interested in helping themselves.”“No, but I’m not like other – “ Ilsevel started, yelping as Nalas stepped forward and smacked her sack of goods from her hand.  “Please, just let me prove – “  The soldier cut off her words a second time, closing his fingers around her throat and tugging her away from the wall.  He threw her down onto the small bed she’d made for herself in the hideout, the tangles of sheets dirty and stained.  He kept her pinned there by the throat as the others moved in to tug away the thief’s clothing.  Glaring down into her terrified eyes, Nalas reached back to snag the dropped loot bag.  With her short, spiky brown hair and pale green eyes, she had a pixie-like look about her.  Certainly cute.  But he had no interest in fucking her.  He left that to his men, who happily climbed on top of Ilsevel and started to ram their pricks into her bared cunt.Scooping up a handful of the coins from the thief’s pack, Nalas sorted through them, starting with the smallest coins first.  He loosened his grip on her throat as he pushed one of the small coins past her lips.  He forced her mouth to close and pinched her nose shot, forcing her to swallow.  “Let’s see how much of a taste for thievery you truly have,” he growled, grabbing two of the smallest coins and dumping them into Ilsevel’s mouth.  The terror and pain in her eyes as she strained to swallow, again and again as more and more coins were deposited into her mouth, amused him greatly.  When he realized he was out of coins to feed her, Nalas had to admit that the young thief had found a way to impress him.  He reached his free hand down, sliding it between her and her current rapist, to grab at her belly and give it a firm shake.  “Are you jingling yet?”  If he dug his fingers in hard enough, he thought he could feel the solid mass of the pile of coins stuffing her stomach.  “Don’t worry, you will be soon.”With no more coins to feed Ilsevel, Nalas moved on to the rings.  His admiration for her ability to suffer for him was nearly ruined as she strained to swallow the first one, her aching throat finding it difficult to handle the larger, awkwardly shaped obstruction.  Her face was flushed and sweaty by the time she finally managed to gulp down the ring, coughing afterwards.  The blood that crept onto her lips told him that her throat had suffered a few cuts from the ring’s more jagged edges.  Her struggles and the damage she’d endured didn’t stop him from forcing a second ring into her mouth.  She took that one easier.  The ring was smaller, smoother, and her throat had grown a little more accustomed to take the inedible material.  Nalas didn’t give her long between fresh insertions to gasp for fresh air.  The flow was steady, the only pauses due to Ilsevel’s strained efforts to gulp down the larger rings.  When the rings were finally gone, Nalas could feel definite bulging in the thief’s gut.  He gave it a few hard squeezes, delighting in the whines of pain she emitted as the lump of coins and rings jabbed at her innards.Ilsevel shook her head as much as she could, tears draining from her eyes, as Nalas held up the first necklace.  He replied with a cruel laugh.  “Don’t try to tell me your full,” he said.  “We both know thieves never get full.  They’re always hungry for more.”  The first necklace was simple enough, just a thin gold chain, but it presented Ilsevel with a new form of obstacle to contend with.  Her scratched and bloody throat strained to clench and swallow around the thin length of metal, having to swallow hard to draw the jewelry into her body an inch at a time.  Her progress was undone as, halfway down, she gagged so hard she expelled the portion she’d managed to swallow.  Nalas did not relent, feeding the saliva-soaked necklace back into her mouth.The thief’s gut throbbed, clogged with so much inedible material.  Her throat was a swollen passage of raw nerves and tattered flesh.  Her cunt ached from the repeated penetrations she’d taken, leaking a steady flow of cum out onto the bed between her thighs.  Her mind had gone dull, surrounded by misery and operating automatically, praying for an end.  The sight of the glimmering ruby amulet snapped her back into awareness.  She remembered the grab well, likely one of the most profitable items she’d managed to lay her hands on.  The ruby was huge, nearly the size of a fist.  It looked even larger as Nalas forced the gem down into her mouth.  He had no need to pinch her nose shut this time.  The ruby was more than large enough to block her throat completely, demanding that she either swallow the thing or die.Ilsevel tried, very hard, to force the massive ruby down her throat.  The blood coating the walls of her throat helped to lubricate the gem, making it possible for her to get the thing a little ways down.  The front of her throat bulged around the ruby, allowing Nalas to watch its progress.  Ilsevel’s eyes bulged, face shifting to a dark shade of red as she kept on trying to swallow.  Her mouth gaped open, the heavy chain of the amulet draped across one drool-soaked cheek.  Ilsevel managed to get the ruby most of the way down her throat before her body gave out on her.  Her gagging efforts faded into weakening gurgles as her pale green eyes grew dim.  Her limp body rocked beneath the drow currently pumping into her now dead sex.Nalas shook his head and tossed the mostly empty loot sack aside.  “And just like every other thief that’s ever existed, your eyes were bigger than your stomach,” he mocked, finally pulling his hard cock free.  “Let me help you with that.”  He climbed onto her chest and grabbed a fistful of her spiky hair, tilting her head forward so he could fuck his way into her mouth.  A few vigorous thrusts managed to jam the ruby the rest of the way down Ilsevel’s throat, but by that time, she was well beyond the point of needing to breathe.  He fucked the dead thief’s face hard, draining his aching balls down her gullet to baste the collection of valuables clogging her stomach.Talanashta Keahana had arrived in Soleila only a day before the drow attack, finishing another circuit of her merchant route through a variety of near – and not so near – towns.  She’d been eager to spend a week in the city, resupplying, resting, and selling off the goods she had which could not be found locally.  The drow soldiers found her sleeping in the back of her merchant wagon.  Her pleasant dreams became a waking nightmare as rough hands grabbed and groped her.  Her eyes snapped open and she let out a scream as the obsidian faces came into focus above her.  Clad in only a pair of panties, it didn’t take the soldiers long to strip Talanashta.  They had her bent over the chest where she kept her earnings a moment later, screaming as her asshole was violated for the first time.Moments after the cum filled her bowels and her sphincter was left stretched and gaping, the rough hands returned, pulling the merchant up and flinging her back against the wagon’s wall.  Her back smashed the shelf of goods there and she fell amidst her pile of merchandise.  Two more drow moved in on her fast, one wrenching her legs up and apart so he could squeeze his way into her pussy while the other stepped in front of her and silenced her panicked yelling with his stiff meat.  The cock pumped through her lips, gagging her again and again.  The speedy thrusts of the drow between her thighs stirred a humiliating pleasure deep inside her.  Talanashta closed her eyes and tried to ignore the sensation.By the time the cock inside her burst, layering the walls of her pussy in creamy warmth, her efforts prove to be in vain.  The muscular tremors working their way out from her crotch left her bathed in shame.  When the drow standing before her withdrew his spent prick, her head rolled to the side, groaning and drooling jizz over her chin.  She coughed up some more of the spunk as she was rolled over again, forced to remain perched on her hands and knees as another drow took his shot at her upraised ass.  Talanashta doubted there was any hope for rescue.  If such a sizable drow force had managed to breach the walls of the city and they weren’t engrossed in an ongoing battle, it meant the city had already fallen.  She and others like her were only the start of the victory celebration.With her wagon providing a sense of privacy that only a few of the other assaults transpiring around Soleila could boast about, the road outside the wagon became crowded with soldiers eager to duck inside and fuck what was left of the merchant.  It was well into the afternoon by the time it was decided that Talanashta was too stretched out and used up to provide much more entertainment.  Her wagon soon became a point of very different celebration as lit oil lanterns were chucked into it.  The drow soldiers cheered and laughed as the wagon burned, the sight of the cum-soaked merchant flailing and screaming within as her skin was charred and her blood boiled.  When the fire finally died down, the only thing left of Talanashta was an ash-coated, blackened skeleton.With no army to defend them, a handful of the cityfolk banded together to defend their city.  They did not last long, butchered with such brutality that many of the would-be defenders ran screaming from the fray, only to be quickly caught and painfully killed.Huethea Jostina was snatched into the powerful grip of Turot.  The ogre gave the flailing woman a yellow-toothed grin before clenching his hand around her.  The elf’s eyes bulged before shooting free from their sockets.  A geyser of gore erupted from her mouth while another shot from her crotch as the pulped remnants of organ and bone struggled to find space for themselves.  The ogre flung the corpse aside, leaving Huethea’s body horribly mangled, chest and waist crushed into a thin length of twisted and torn flesh clinging to her spine.Lyra Torstina hit the ground hard, sobbing and screaming as she stared down at the axeblade embedded in her chest.  She howled as her attacker pried the weapon free, leaving behind a deep gouge running the length of her cleavage.  The muscular orc dropped onto her, squeezing his thick fingers into the wound before flexing outwards.  With a series of snaps and cracks, Lyra’s rib cage was ripped upwards and peeled back, exposing her lungs, heart, and other insides to the orc.  Lyra’s screaming faded into desperate gasps as the orc tore her heart free, sheathing his cock through a still-spurting artery.  In her final moments of terrible life, the elf watched others move in and rip away her organs, using them in whatever perverse way they could find.Tarasynora Farsandoral was well aware of the fact that everyone else in her group of courageously stupid townsfolk was dead.  She did her best to ignore it, focusing on the intense swordfight she’d gotten herself into.  She’d taken some lessons, had even toyed with the notion of joining the army, which was why the sword moved a bit more skillfully in her hands.  The drow soldier was skilled, too.  Likely even more skilled than she was.  But Tarasynora had one advantage over her opponent.  He was distracted.  It was clear by the glean in his eyes and the bulge in his pants that the mere sight of her turned him on.  Her proficiency with the weapon she wielded seemed to turn him on even more.  The woman was certain she would die no matter what the outcome of the fight, but she thought dying would be a little bit easier if she at least got to do it with the knowledge that she’d at least taken one of the bastards with her.  So she bided her time, and looked for her opening.After a few more minutes of playing with the elf, Elkantar Argith decided he’d coaxed about as much fun as he could out of her while she was still alive.  Displaying a level of focus he’d denied her up until that point, he easily knocked her blade aside and jammed the tip of her sword into her belly, far enough to pierce her back.  He delighted in the shocked gasp she emitted and let the sharp steel remain embedded in her for a moment longer before pulling back.  Tarasynora stumbled back, clasping a hand to her bleeding gut while still clutching her sword in other.  It was clear she was determined to go on fighting, to find a way to beat him.  He kept his distance from her until the blood loss sapped her admirable strength away.Tarasynora made a last, desperate lunge at Elkantar.  As he knocked her weapon aside, her legs dropped out from under her.  She landed in a kneeling pose, gasping for air as the pain radiating up from her pierced belly faded a little, replaced with a cold numbness.  She glared up at the drow, trying to show him a bit of defiance right up until the end.  Her lips parted, a choice insult resting on them, ready to insult the enemy soldier with her last breath.  Elkantar denied her that ability, jamming his sword forward and through her open lips.  The elf’s eyes widened as the blade pierced the back of her mouth and skewered her skull.  Her arms slumped to her sides, body going limp, held up only by the drow’s sword.  Yanking the blade free, he cocked it back and swung hard, cleaving Tarasynora’s head from her body as her corpse began to fall.  The head flew several feet from the body, landing and rolling in the street as the rest of her slumped forward onto her tits, spurting a weak spray of blood from her severed neck.While Elkantar rolled the body over and started to strip it, eager to claim his post-mortem domination over the woman, Tarasynora’s head was scooped up and carried to a line of wooden posts the drow had been erecting as they progressed through the city.  Her slack face gave off a death twitch as her esophagus was slotted onto the top of a vacant post, left to witness the defilement of her body.Soleila had all but fallen.  Its defenders were all either dead or enslaved and its citizens were joining them in droves as the drow army swarmed through the streets.  Resistance would earn nothing but death – at best.  In the face of utter annihilation, many of the elves attempted to flee the city, hoping to escape before the worst of fates found them.  It was an eventuality that the drow had prepared for.Velatha Valfir led a small pack of escapees.  She’d always been quick-footed.  She hoped that athletic trait would be enough to save her when it really counted.  She held back her speed only a little, not wanting to get too far ahead of the others, three other elven women she’d run into during her twisting journey towards the border of the city.  Taenya Brybella, Barinda Revgolor, and Roshia Lialana were even more terrified than she was, making Velatha their de facto leader.  She didn’t much like the responsibility, but she was far too eager to escape Soleila to argue about it.Velatha didn’t see the tripwire until she was stumbling over it.  Instinct kicked in, giving her the speed necessary to throw herself clear of the trap.  Her trio of followers weren’t so lucky.  A thick-roped net sprang up from the street, scooping the women into a jumbled heap and hefting them several feet into the air.  The women screamed out their fright and then screamed for Velatha to help them.  She froze, looking up at the snared women, a selfless part of her screaming for her to go back, try to loosen the net so they could slip free.  But the selfish realist side of her mind insisted there was no time to help.  She could already hear the trudging steps of an advancing squad of drow soldiers.Mumbling out her apologies, Velatha turned and darted to a narrow, flat passage leading from the street down into the sewer system beneath the city.  She dropped low and jammed her upper body through the intake, wincing as her breasts were mashed flat against her ribs.  Kicking her boots against the street, the frantic elf forced herself through and into the foul-smelling sewer beyond, earning herself a few scrapes and bruises along the way.  She tumbled in a disjointed manner, managing to turn in time to avoid bashing her skull against the muck-smeared stone of the sewer tunnel.  Ignoring the splatters of filth that soaked into her clothes, Velatha sprang to her feet.  She could still hear the others screaming.  Guilt demanded her to do something, but the best she could manage was to stretch up to peek through the intake port and watch, a hand clamped over her mouth to keep her own scream contained.The drow soldiers had reached the narrow street, laughing at and mocking their catch.  The three snared women continued to scream and beg, but Velatha was certain it would do them no good.  Her suspicions were confirmed a moment later as the soldiers surrounded the suspended net and drew their swords.  The screams of terror became screams of pain and death as the drow stabbed their blades into the net and through the women tangled up inside.  A drizzle of hot blood poured from the net, spattering over the street below.  The swords cut through the ropes as easily as they cut through elven flesh.  Before long, the net was too cut up to support the weight of three grown women.  Their bloody bodies spilled free, falling into a heap across the street.  Taenya and Baerinda were already dead.  Roshia sobbed and tried to squirm free from the tangle of lifeless limbs weighing her down.  A soldier moved forward, adjusting the aim of his weapon.  She lifted a hand to the man, sputtering out a plea for mercy.  He jammed the blade of his sword into the side of his neck.  With a flick of his wrist, he opened Roshia’s jugular, the last of her blood rapidly spraying out of her.Velatha backed away from the sewer intake as the bloody carcasses were dragged away.  She panted and shuddered, blinking the tears from her eyes.  The sight of the butchery left her shocked and horrified, forcing her to take several long minutes to gather her strength.  Feeling very tired and even more determined to escape Soleila, the young woman turned and started trudging through the shallow river of waste, following its current out of the doomed city.

This is an especially brutal story, filled with torture, rape, and snuff. Be sure this is a thing you want to read before continuing. With the majority of their military forces dead or captured, the pathetic defensive line left in the city crumbled before the might of the drow army. The city’s walls were compromised in minutes, the chaos flooding through the streets. Irae allowed the soldiers to largely do what they liked, maintaining her strongest fighting force in a push towards the heart of the city, to where the castle was located. She’d already received word that King Tarron and Queen Gaelira were trapped within the castle’s walls, fighting alongside a meager assortment of guards and soldiers who’d been spared from the failed rescue mission and the initial assault on the city. She traced a leisurely route through the battle-torn city, admiring the sights as she worked her way towards the castle.The first gruesomely perverse act that caught Irae’s eye was that of a young elven soldier. Alanis Ralororis had fled when the drow assault showed signs of overwhelming the city. She’d not made it far, expertly stricken by a skilled archer as she’d attempted to duck into a barn. Two arrows pierced her, one for each of her shoulder blades, leaving her helplessly pinned to the barn door. She’d been left to suffer there until the drow soldiers had caught up to her, tearing away her pants and taking turns ramming their way up her ass. By the look of things, Irae assumed the elf’s ass had to be quite the pleasant orifice, judging by the small queue that had formed behind her. Alanis’s shrieks of pain and shame poured out of her as her hot blood soaked into the wooden door.Syllana’s reanimated head hung from Irae’s belt, watching through half-glazed eyes at the destruction and terror being delivered to the beautiful city she’d grown up in. The dead general’s brain was barely capable of thought, but something deep within her psyche was able to connect the images she was seeing with the hazy memories lurking within her skull. Tears trickled down her cheeks as her mouth opened and closed, screaming silently at the misery she witnessed. The deeper Irae rode into the city, the more of it she saw. Her fighting instincts screamed for her to take action, to rush to the aid of the helpless civilians being slaughtered and raped. Syllana’s dulled, undead brain had a tough time recognizing that she no longer possessed a body. She could only watch and suffer as the atrocities taking place before her grew in number.The next point of interest Irae came upon brought a smile of amusement to her lips. She slowed her reptilian mount, reaching down to angle Syllana’s head so her resurrected victim had a clear view of the action. Kythaela Balkrana had been on her way to the market, planning on buying up a supply of food for the coming week. Getting to the market early offered the best variety of options and being well into her pregnancy, she’d found herself waking in the early hours of the morning frequently. Her swollen belly, layered in sweat and cum, remained firm, although she could feel the panicked movements of the life within as she was mercilessly stuffed full of drow cock. Her milk-heavy breasts jiggled with each stroke she took, both cunt and ass stretched around cruel girths. Kythaela’s screams were muffled, vibrating against the cheeks of the drow soldier who’d settled his ass over her face, enjoying the feel of the woman’s lips against his sphincter. Hating herself more than a little, the pregnant elf extended her tongue, willingly lapping across the orifice pressed so firmly against her mouth in a desperate attempt to earn her life and, by proxy, the life of her unborn child.Nimor met Irae on route to the castle. “The temple has fallen,” he informed her as he handed over a blackened head. “Their high priestess.” Irae nodded her approval, working her dark powers on the new head and returning it to the same twisted half-life as Syllana. “I took three of the priestesses as prisoners. They’ll make excellent slaves. The rest are dead.”“Splendid,” Irae commended him. “And your other task?”Nimor grinned. “It was almost too easy. For all their pride, these elves are proving to be quite the pathetic race. When their overconfidence isn’t enough, they seem to fall into an idiotic panic.”His point was proven a moment later as Dessielle Iarcyne stumbled out into the road. The soldier’s clothing hung from her thoroughly abused body in badly stained tatters. Her eyes were gone, reduced to gory pits leaking tears of cum. She wailed as she waved her arms about blindly, seeking some kind of escape from her dark hell. It came soon enough as a startled horse charged down the street, knocking Dessielle to the ground. The stallion’s heavy hooves pulverized her flesh, punching gouges through her skin before a back hoof came down on her sobbing face, smashing her skull into a gooey paste. The horse escaped down a side street, leaving behind the elf soldier’s twitching remains.She directed her eight-legged lizard towards the stables on the street outside the castle. The horses still in here were all dead by now, turned into carrion to feed drow mounts. Irae dismounted, stroking the side of her beloved lizard Kaelissa’s face warmly as she ignored the screams of suffering elves all around her. “Now stay here, sweet thing,” she said, showing him more compassion in that moment than she had shown a single member of the doomed race she had engineered the downfall of. She guided him towards one of the stalls, and chuckled at what she found. One of the stablehands must have fled into her. Face down in a pile of horseshit, she had been staked to the ground with horseshoe nails through her palms and fingers, her calves and feet… laying with her ass in the air and dripping cum from her lower holes. The soldiers that had swept through here had left her alive when they finished with her. Maybe they thought the disgusting toilet of a woman would have made a good slave.Irae didn’t care. Nimor leaned back, watching with a smile as Irae guided Kaelissa into the stable. “For you,” she whispered into her lizards ears… and the monster made a joyful sound as he climbed on top of the staked down, weeping elf. She had already begun to scream before the High Priestess closed the gate, and she wasn’t sure if it was his cock or his teeth making her do it. She would feel both before much longer. The two architects of this conquest strode side by side to the site of its conclusion. The sounds of rape and slaughter gave way to those of frantic combat as Irae and Nimor neared the castle. The forward most spearhead of the drow forces had gotten there ahead of them, but weren’t having much luck breaching the castle’s walls. The small contingent of elf soldiers defending the castle were clearly some of the most skilled warriors the kingdom had left, but it was the aid of the king and queen that gave them enough of an edge to beat back the drow soldiers. The rulers had been forced into a tower along the front of the castle’s walls, their elevated position giving them a much needed strategic advantage. But even so, the battle had clearly come to a stalemate. As more of the drow forces converged on the castle, it would only be a matter of time before they took the place by force.King Tarron and Queen Gaelira were both potent magic wielders, but even they had their limits. Tarron was older with shoulder length white hair and a thick beard. Gaelira was certainly matronly, but she’d maintained her beauty throughout the years and four pregnancies. Her long, thick main of vibrant red hair fluttered around her head as she whipped from side to side, flinging wads of flame and bolts of lightning beside her husband. Tarron’s advanced years had him out of breath and drenched in sweat before his wife began to show much fatigue. Still, while his body grew weak, his will remained strong. Stepping up onto the ledge of the tower, daring the drow archers to pick him off, he glared down at the enemy troops, calling out to them.“You may win this day,” he bellowed. “But your kind will never truly defeat us. Our lineage will live on, grow strong, and drive you back beneath the ground where you belong. But even that will not be enough punishment for the acts you’ve committed. This will mark the end of drow kind. Perhaps not today, in this city, but you will pay for these atrocities. Mark my words! You will not destroy our legacy!”Irae reached to her side, loosening the knot she’d made out of Syllana’s hair to keep the living head attached to her belt. The hair was the same vibrant shade of red as her mother. Irae liked the color quite a bit. It was the color of fresh blood. She gripped a fistful of that hair once the knot was undone and hefted Syllana’s head up, towards the tower where the king and queen were defending themselves. Keeping it lifted, she strode closer so that they could see what had become of their eldest daughter. Defeated in battle, killed like a worthless commoner. That fate was enough to shock them. But what had been done afterwards, Syllana’s partial resurrection, forced to go on living trapped in only her head… Irae drank up the looks of horror Syllana’s parents displayed, unable to keep the grin from her face. The longer they looked, the more they noticed. Like how there was no sign of recognition in Syllana’s eyes as they fixed upon Tarron and Gaelira. When she had brought her back, she hadn’t restored the elf general’s memory of them. It had been Irae’s special means of taking their daughter from them in a far more crippling way.“Your eldest daughter’s fate is certainly sad,” Nimor called out. “But you had to suspect such a thing when she didn’t return from the mission you sent her on.” He reached over to trace his fingers across Syllana’s cheek. “And besides, she was a soldier. Soldiers risk a violent death. Your pampered son, the heir to your throne, on the other hand. He should be miles away by now, safe outside the city with his two twin sisters.”With a wave of his hand, Nimor ushered his squad of assassins forward. Elincia and Elasha, the twin princesses, were tugged along, shrieking and sobbing, and presented to the king and queen. The assassin leading the group handed a bloody burlap sack over to Nimor. He reached into the sack, feeling around before securing a firm grip on the object within, drawing it out with a sudden jerk. Gaelira let loose a horrified scream as her emerald eyes fixed on her son’s severed head, face frozen in horrified pain, as it was held up for her. Nimor chuckled and tossed Prince Rychell’s head over to Irae. “So much for that legacy you were talking about.”Irae ran her fingers across Rychell’s face, hooking her thumbs into the sides of his mouth and forcing his slackened face into a sickening smile. She plied her necromantic trade on the lump of dead flesh and bone, returning the young man to a fully aware consciousness alongside a crisp remembrance of his short life, right up until the bloody end. Her eyes lit up with glee as she watched Rychell try to scream. Lifting the head, making sure the king and queen could see, she puckered her lips and brought them to the prince’s severed esophagus, expelling her air through him to aid him in his quest to express his horror. The scream poured from his stretched lips like an eerie, haunting whistle.Gaelira clung to her husband’s side, tears pouring down her face as she stared in horror at what had become of two of her children. Her eyes shifted to the only offspring she had left, her twin daughters. Elincia and Elasha did not have the same striking crimson hair that their mother and older sister possessed. Theirs was fairer, like their brother and father’s. They were virtually indistinguishable from one another, identical down to the most minute detail. The only true difference between them was only revealed when the sisters were hastily stripped of their clothing. Elincia’s crotch was devoid of hair, the smooth lips of her cunt on full display between her slender thighs. Elasha possessed a narrow strip of blonde pubic hair.In a matter of moments, the sisters had another thing in common; a hard drow cock slamming into their dry cunts. Their sobs intensified, screaming for their parents to save them. The drow soldiers showed them no mercy, eagerly fucking them with cruel strokes, reaching around to squeeze their tits, tug at their nipples. There were plenty of erect men waiting to take a turn with their royal flesh, gathering around them, making them the centerpiece of the atrocities taking place across the city. “Enjoy the show,” Nimor called up to Tarron and Gaelira with a wide grin. “We are.”Bent over at the waist, Elasha’s upturned face stared up at her parents, constricted with misery. Her sight of them was obscured as another drow stepped in front of her, gripped her hair, and forced her mouth to take his throbbing flesh. She gagged immediately around his girth as he stabbed forcefully against the back of her throat. The member pounding her from behind swelled within her aching snatch as her rapist clung to her hips, yanking her crotch back against him. The horror of it all threatened to steal her sanity. She’d lived a privileged life of pampering and care. The worst thing she’d ever had to personally face had been the day she’d heard one of the guards whispering about how they thought Elincia was the more attractive of the twins. But she’d certainly gotten her revenge on the man, pretending to be her sister to lure him into a secret and forbidden sexual fling. She’d revealed her true identity to him as his cum had been cooling on her breasts before having him arrested for daring to touch a member of the royal family.The worst thing Elincia had ever had to deal with, prior to the drow invasion, had been some lightly undercooked meat at dinner one evening, although the sudden arrest of a guard she’d been flirting with frequently had come a close second. Comparatively, being ruthlessly violated by enemy soldiers ranked far higher than either of those events. She screamed for her father to save her as she was forced further down, onto her hands and knees, until her mouth was plugged with drow cock just like her sister’s. She yelped around the thick prick as the man raping her from behind smacked her ass, leaving a glowing red handprint across the pale flesh of her perky cheek. His thrusts intensified, coming to a sudden stop as he plunged his full length into her and filled her royal cunt with his creamy load.With their daughters suffering down below, Tarron and Gaelira could not risk using their longer-range magical powers. Their meager fighting force wasn’t nearly enough to achieve anything, but they saw no choice but to do anything they could to save their remaining children. The attack was as desperate as it could be. Even knowing they were doomed, the remaining elf soldiers pushed hard. They even managed to do some damage with the king and queen backing them up. But Irae had planned for their final assault. Taking the brunt of their attacks, fresh soldiers pushed ahead over the bodies of their fallen comrades while others moved around the small group of elves, surrounding them completely. Every mage and priest they had was here to blunt the magic of the sorcerer royalty, suppressing them as much as possible… making them weak and vulnerable. Then the drow, their care of casualties suppressed by the lusts for the queen and her retinue, closed the circle until they’d claimed their prize. The remaining male soldiers were killed outright, along with a couple of the more violent women. The rest, along with Tarron and Gaelira, were subdued and secured.The city of Soleila, heart of the elven kingdom, had fallen. The time had come for the drow to truly have some fun.After capturing the king and queen and taking the castle, Irae allowed her troops to continue spreading through the city to have their fun and exterminate or capture every elf they encountered. She was far from finished with the royal family, but she had enough patience to wait a night for a proper execution to be planned. The next morning shone fresh light on the atrocities taking place throughout Soleila, as well as the freshly constructed stage just outside of the castle. While the bulk of the army continued to pillage and rape their way through the streets and buildings throughout the city, a crowd gathered at the front of the castle as cheers rang out to announce their victory and their excitement for the forthcoming festivities. The crowd was made up mostly of drow soldiers, but a number of the servant races enlisted for the invasion mingled amongst them. Orcs and goblins and a troll or two, lumbering around, eager to claim a piece of royal meat. With only three pieces to go around there was far more demand than there was supply. Irae and Nimor made it clear the trio were meant to last, at least for a while, so outright destructive partners were dissuaded from taking a usage.Turot was not pleased to discover that he was not allowed to violate either of the princesses. The ogre took out his frustration on the nearest fuckable morsel he laid eyes on. Unfortunately for Lusserina Xyrqen, she was that morsel. It brought her streak of good fortune to a gruesome end. She’d managed to avoid being enlisted for the doomed rescue party and had been posted near enough to the castle to retreat within its fortified walls before the invasion had reached her, lending her services to defending the king and queen until they’d launched their final, foolish drive to save Elincia and Elasha. Even that assault had left her surprisingly unharmed, much to the delight of the drow soldiers who’d snatched her up, tearing at her clothes and ramming fleshy things into her vulnerable holes. The night in the castle’s dungeon had been long and hard, filled with an endless stream of rapes that had stopped only briefly as she’d been led out alongside the other prisoners that morning. The drow currently taking advantage of her were knocked aside roughly as Turot slid his fingers under her back and pulled her onto unsteady feet. The young elf had a moment to scream as the battering ram of a cock bashed into her mouth, knocking several of her teeth loose and snapping her jaw. With a wet squelch, the ogre rammed further, punching through the back of Lusserina’s head. Her body fell into spastic convulsions as Turot forced his member through her head. Gripping her shoulder, he shoved downward, tearing the elf soldier’s head off. He closed his fingers around her severed head, sliding it back and forth along his erection while her twitching body resumed its previous role as plaything for the drow soldiers.Chamylla Perlana had been a loyal servant of the royal family her whole life. Her father had died before her birth, her mother during her birth. King Tarron had taken her in as a newborn and she’d grown up alongside Prince Rychell. She’d been a large baby and had grown into a large woman, tall even by elf standards and – thanks to extensive training and exercise – covered with well-toned muscles. She could go toe-to-toe with an orc – and had – without breaking a sweat. When the invasion had come and the city walls had been breached, Tarron and Gaelira had tasked her with getting their children out of Soleila. But the drow menace had seemed to know the city’s most secret passages better than she did. The guards she’d taken with her had been slaughtered. And despite her best efforts, she’d had to watch – horrified – as Rychell’s head had been taken from his body.The worst thing about her failure was that she’d lived. The ambush had happened so fast that she’d not had a chance to throw herself in front of the royal children or fight back with enough zeal to secure a quick death. An obsidian-skinned assassin had snuck up behind her, cracking her over the back of the head and felling her powerful form in a single blow. The bindings holding her wrists at her back were strong and tight. They’d kept her restrained securely for the return trip to the castle. She’d had to watch the king and queen who’d been like parents to her stirred into rushing to their own doom. Chamylla had been fairly certain she could snap the ropes binding her if she flexed hard enough, but the guilt crushing down on her was too strong for her to try. Whatever terrible acts the drow and their disgusting minions delivered to her, she deserved it. Remarkably, she’d gone untouched as the king and queen were taken captive, as well as throughout the night. But now that a new day had come, she was nothing more than an object to provide entertainment and pleasure for the victors.Hands moved over her body, tugging and tearing her clothes open, running along her firm breasts and over her distinct abs. They gripped her tight ass and hooked into her crotch to finger her hairless cunt. She could sense how powerful the drow felt as they roughly groped her strong flesh, knowing they had ultimate control over her. Chamylla let them have their fun, offering no resistance as she was bent over and had her firm buttocks pried apart. She winced as the first drow cock forced its way up her unlubricated asshole, the pain minimal compared to the screams of terror and pain she heard from the twin princesses. She felt their suffering as if it were her own.Elincia and Elasha were exclusive party favors for the celebration. They were on either side of the stage, wrists restrained, as a queue of higher level drow soldiers took turns having their fun with the siblings. The princesses hadn’t slept a wink during the night, their time fully occupied by an endless stream of rapists moving into and out of their cell, fucking them roughly as their parents were forced to watch and listen from the adjacent cell. They were too pampered to have anything close to a fighting spirit, offering no resistance to their abusers, but seeming to have no shortage of sobs and screams. They utterly absorbed in their own misery, not even noticing as their mother and father were forced out onto the stage.The rowdy crowd cheered as King Tarron and Queen Gaelira appeared. They’d been fully stripped after their capture, bound in manacles and magic-nullifying collars. They were left standing towards the front of the stage, trophies on display, as the handful of female guards and soldiers who’d stood alongside them the previous day were ferried out and forced into the crowd to keep the aroused throng satisfied. The women were dispersed relatively evenly among the attendees, becoming the center point of small circles of debauchery amongst the horde. They were used roughly, the message clear that none of them were expected to last beyond the execution ceremony.With everything in place, Irae strutted out onto the stage. Her pale albino skin contrasted against the revealing black leather she wore. The outfit showed nothing truly intimate, but it came close. The top lifted and pushed her breasts together, showing off her cleavage and leaving her midriff bare. Her bottom was a leather miniskirt that came down just past her crotch, the thong underneath barely concealing her labial folds. Gloves that stretched up to her elbows and boots at reached her knees completed her ensemble, making her a seductively intimidating figure. Reaching the front of the stage, Irae settled into a confident pose and addressed her audience.“For too long, the elves have kept us down. But it seems they’ve grossly underestimated our resolve, our desire for revenge. They blindly fed their army into our clutches. They left their precious capital city woefully under defended. We came for a war, and they gave us a slaughter.” She grinned with excitement. “I like slaughters.” She extended her hands, motioning to the two royal captives on either side of her. “We have their king. We have their queen. We’ve killed their general daughter. We’ve killed their only male heir. And we’ve only just gotten started. A thousand years from now, our people will look back on this day with veneration because it will mark our first major victory in our strive to eradicate this elven menace from the face of our world. They will never take this city back from us. They will never take another thing from us. From this point forward, we will be the ones who take from them. And we shall take everything.” She bathed in the wild applause from the crowd, the rising horror in the elves present for her speech. “Let the executions commence.”Neither king nor queen were to be killed quickly. They had so much suffering to offer first. The audience had little interest in seeing Tarron abused. He was left as little more than a bystander, his suffering caused by being forced to watch his wife and daughters suffer without being able to do anything to stop it. Gaelira was brought down to her knees, a pose of supplication to start things off as the men specially selected to violate her gathered around her. Three drow and an orc, chosen for their self-control and the size of their cocks – ranging from ten to fourteen inches in length and all of them punishingly thick. If the queen had ever even seen a prick other than her husband’s, it certainly didn’t show on her disgusted face as her eyes scanned across the four erections aimed at her face. Even with half her children dead, her people being raped and slaughtered, and her kingdom fallen, Gaelira still seemed to have a sense of superiority. By the end, it would be long gone.The queen’s quartet of abusers had all proved themselves to be valuable assets, certainly worthy of the privilege of tormenting the enemy ruler. Pharin Auvryervs and Jhalnet Argistyn had gained a fair amount of notoriety during the rebellion of Menzoberranzan, breaking the drow women who’d been deemed worthy enough to keep around as slaves and breeding stock. Their methods were extreme, but effective, not only in reducing the women to willing whores but doing so in short spans of time. And all without damaging the good looks of their subjects. Gashna, the orc, was a prominent chief. His older age had tempered his innate bloodlust but left him with more than enough experience to be a ruthless military commander. The legends of the many orc females he’d managed to subdue and mate with were mostly true, proving that he had the tenacity and wisdom to handle even the strongest of mind and body. The final drow, Istonel Ichaerth, was one of Nimor’s best assassins. His mind was especially twisted, filled with perverse desires. Together, they were more than a match for Queen Gaelira, no matter how proud she was.Pharin and Gashna closed in behind her, smacking their cocks against the back of Gaelira’s head, while Jhalnet and Istonel stepped in front of her, dragging the tips of their erections against her cheeks. The hatred and humiliation was clearly painted across the queen’s face. Istonel grabbed her hold of her jaw, forcing it open so he could push his cock past her lips, the first of what would become many unwanted penetrations. The others continued to beat her with their dicks while Istonel fucked her face. Judging by how badly she gagged around the thick member, the queen had never been a fan of orally pleasuring a male, willingly or otherwise. Irae didn’t think she learned much from her crash course in cocksucking, but it was certainly an entertaining show, watching the four men taking turns stuffing her mouth with their pricks. She managed to spit and drool the first couple of loads, leaking them across her breasts. When Gashna took his turn, he showed the queen just how good he was at bending a woman to his desires. Clutching her head against his crotch, he kept his erection lodged down her throat, forcing her to choke on him until he came. He did not release his hold on her, giving her a clear choice. Swallow or die. Amusingly, Gaelira seemed to struggle with the choice, but she finally gulped down the orc’s hot jizz and was rewarded with the ability to breathe again, left gasping and coughing.Pulling Gaelira to her feet, they dragged her to the crossbeam erected on the stage, strapping her into a standing spread-eagle pose leaving her vulnerable at both ends. Pharin, Jhalnet, and Gashna moved up behind her while Istonel stepped in front of her and knelt, his face inches from Gaelira’s royal cunt. Her pussy lips were well hidden behind a thick patch of fiery pubic hair, but Istonel didn’t need a map to find the entrance to her body. His hands moved up the insides of her thighs, thumbs curling to push through the pubic hair and pry open her cunt. After lubing his cock up with some oils, Pharin stepped up behind Gaelira and took hold of her by the hips. He pushed the head of his erection between the cheeks of her ass, finding her sphincter and pressing firmly. The queen groaned with dismay as her ass stretched around the rapist. As she did, Istonel moved forward, extending his tongue and dragging it through the cleft of her pussy, delivering a small dose of pleasure to go alongside the shameful discomfort of having her rear fucked.The three took turns slamming their pricks up the queen’s rear, hammering home the reality that she was theirs to toy with, while Istonel continued his oral assault on her cunt. His tongue was nimble, his lips tender. He’d developed his techniques over the course of many years, a little gift he liked to bestow on his female victims, plying them into over-pleasured slabs of trembling flesh before dealing the killing blow. And while he doubted he’d be the lucky one to take the queen’s life, his methods worked splendidly alongside the repeated anal poundings to break down her spirit, leave her sweating and moaning out with shame, getting off on her own abuse.When he felt she was ready, Istonel slid the sickening sex toy Irae had passed him before the start of the event. The severed cock was firm, magically preserved and forced to maintain its erect state. It felt warm in his hand, but he ignored the revulsion he felt as he brought the tip of the dead dick to Gaelira’s dripping cunt. He teased her with it a little, dragging it back and forth along her hairy pussy lips. He pushed the phallus into her slowly, almost gently. A stark contrast to the vigorous fuck-thrusts the others were giving her aching asshole. Her body responded instinctively to the penetration, grinding her hips forward in an effort to feel more of the pleasant sensations radiating up through her loins and avoid the pain pounding away at her rear. Istonel grinned and fucked her with the toy a little faster, rewarding her for her behavior.The assassin made sure Gaelira got off on the cock, several times, just as he’d been instructed. Drawing it free from her quivering snatch, Istonel rose to his feet and presented it to her, prodding it against her lips. “Suck it like a good girl,” he growled. “Or I break your jaw and jam it down your throat. Not a very noble way for a queen to die.”Gaelira blinked the tears from her eyes, rolling her head away from the cock. “What does it matter?” she groaned.Istonel leaned in closer, his voice becoming a low, conspiratorial whisper. “I tell you this from experience. I’ve seen women die choking on a cock. It’s not a good way to go. Very painful. Very humiliating. If I’m being perfectly honest, our only goal here is to humiliate you. You’re going to die. That can’t be avoided at this point, I’m afraid. But if you put on a good show, reveal yourself to be a weak whore for our amusement, I can promise you something of a painless death. I have poisons, fast acting ones. Your life will fade before you even know it’s happening. But you have to play along, my dear.”The queen leveled a glare at him. “And what if I’d rather suffer?”Istonel shrugged. “Then you’re an idiot.” He put the cock back to her lips. “If it helps any, you have a stunning taste. I think you’ll enjoy it.”Gaelira remained firm until the assassin gave a disgruntled sigh and gripped her jaw. Her resolve broke, hastily parting her lips and leaning her head forward to wrap them around the cock. Istonel grinned and held the base of the shaft, allowing her to bob her head along the length, seeing the revulsion in her eyes and the bafflement at just how life-like the sex toy was, the way it seemed to pulse with warmth. It didn’t stop her from continuing to filate the member, showing a good deal more enthusiasm than she had when she’d been on her knees such a short time ago. Her willingness to suck the cock did not save her from the forceful penetrations of the trio taking turns with her ass, but it did earn her cruel laughter and mocking insults from the watching crowd.Seeing the queen sucking the unique cock, Irae decided it was time to have a bit of fun with the king. She tugged him forward, positioning him so that Gaelira would be able to see him. “Look at her,” she purred into the older man’s ear. “Getting fucked like some commoner. Tell me, has she ever sucked your cock with such enthusiasm? Does this turn you on?” She reached around him, stroking her gloved fingers along his drooping shaft. “It appears not.” She moved her hand away. “Well, let’s see what we can do about that, shall we?” She tugged a length of ribbon free from her skirt and pulled it up to Tarron’s face, looping it around his face so that his eyes were blocked. Tying the ribbon tightly, she left the king blind to the atrocities befalling his wife and daughters. “Does that help?” Irae asked, reaching back to give his dick another squeeze. His body responded, but the disgruntled groan he emitted said that he greatly wished it had not.The lack of sight didn’t help Tarron in the slightest. If anything, it made the sobs of his daughters and the slurping of his wife’s mouth on the preserved cock that much louder. And it made certain portions of his body more eager to react to the sounds he heard and the touches he felt. He cursed his member from stirring under the albino bitch’s touch and breathed a sigh of relief when her fingers left him. The lack of attention was short lived. He let out a shocked gasp as chilly lips slid around the head of his cock, tongue moving to lap at him. He sprang to full hardness in moments and the mouth eased further along his length. Humiliation rolled through him as he squirmed in his bondage and cursed the drow whore for her horrid behavior.“I’m afraid on this point, your blame is misdirected, my liege,” Irae said with a cruel smirk, reaching up to yank the blindfold away. Tarron blinked his eyes and stared at her in confusion for a few moments before looking down to see his eldest daughter’s living head happily sucking him off. Horrified revulsion hit him, bringing tears to his eyes and a wail of dismay up his throat, but none of it was enough to reduce the rigidity of his cock. He remained stiff in Syllana’s mouth as she sucked with as much skill as her reanimated flesh could muster, working diligently to get her father off. Tarron fought the sensations as best he could, but he could already feel a tension in his loins. It would not be long before he fired his cum into what remained of his dead daughter’s throat.Gaelira’s own oral efforts faltered as she watched her husband being sucked off by Syllana’s head. An answer to a terrible question rolling about in her head fluttered just out of reach, but it was enough to dull the enthusiasm of her own sucking. Irae noticed her sudden hesitation, her grin widening. “Yes, where did that cock come from?” she asked. “It’s certainly a fresh harvest. And…” She looked from the prick in Gaelira’s mouth down to the one in Syllana’s. “Is that a familial resemblance I detect?”Gaelira gagged hard, fought to yank her head back and push her son’s severed cock from her mouth. Irae laughed. “What’s the matter? You created that slab inside your body. What’s the harm in letting it come back for a visit?” Her face darkened. “Besides, it’s not like you really have a choice.”King Tarron came into his daughter’s mouth as Queen Gaelira puked over his son’s prick. Two drastically different reactions, but they both greatly amused the drow invaders. Istonel pulled the prince’s dick out of Gaelira’s sputtering mouth, frowning. “Not very queenly of you, is it?” he grumbled, moving back from her bound form. The others were finished with her ass so he stepped around and wedged the soggy prick up her cum-leaking asshole, leaving it stuffed there. Gaelira wailed with horror as she felt the warm severed cock wiggling within the cramped orifice.The king stood, sticky cock drooping again, with his eyes closed, breathing deeply and shuddering out pathetic sobs. The queen was slumped in her bondage, eyes dazed from the depraved horrors she’d been witness and victim to. Irae thought of Nimor’s comment from the previous day, regarding the fragility of elven egos. She had hoped the two leaders would provide more entertainment, but it seemed they were nothing more than overconfident weaklings, crumbling in the face of their sudden lack of power. “Well, you’ve both been lovely hosts,” she told them. “But we still have lots of work to do. Your pathetic race isn’t going to extinguish itself, after all.” She gave the signal to commence the queen’s execution. “Don’t fear, your highness… your line won’t end today. We’ll be taking both of these cumrags with us when we go. I expect we’ll breed heirs aplenty from even their stubborn, sun-cursed elf-wombs before they die.”Koszar stepped onto the stage, thrilled at the opportunity to take part in the death of another high profile elf woman. He stepped in front of Gaelira and gave her a mocking nod. “Your highness,” he hissed. “It’s quite the honor.” His amused face turned harsh as he extended a hand towards her, unleashing a devastating blast of electricity into the queen’s bound form. Her muscles snapped tense, body quivering as a strangled scream crept up her throat. Her eyes bulged, both from the pain as well as the horror that the shocks were making her son’s severed cock go wild inside her ass. The blast cut off only seconds after it began, but even the short session of electrocution was enough to leave Gaelira’s body twitching and glistening with sweat. She slumped in her bindings, gasping for air.King Tarron watched his wife’s extended execution with sorrow as his dead daughter’s lips smacked and slurped at his balls, his cock already returning to a state of excitement. He was utterly powerless. He could not save his beloved, he could not save his two remaining children, he couldn’t even save himself from enjoying the pleasant touch of Syllana’s mouth on his genitals. He tried to focus his hatred on the drow for their actions, but he found it difficult to find any to spare. He hated his own weakness far too much in that moment.Koszar continued to electrocute Gaelira, increasing the length of time he prolonged the attack by a few seconds each time. Her vibrant red hair became frizzy, steam wafting from her sweaty skin as her muscles jerked against her will. Her screams soon became weak groans as her strength was sapped away, leaving her slumping in the frame, barely alive, fluttering in and out of consciousness. He gave her another quick zap before looking to Irae to confirm the queen was ready for the next stage of her execution. Irae nodded that she was before motioning for Nimor to begin the process.Nimor flicked out a small dagger, twirling it in his hand as he approached Queen Gaelira from behind. He brought the dagger up, angling the blade towards the base of her neck. The woman released a weak groan of pain as he pushed the weapon into her flesh, cutting only as deep as he needed to. He traced a bloody line downwards, following the length of her spine down to the crack of her ass. From there, his work began more intricate. He kept his hand steady as Pharin and Gashna held her buttocks apart so he could carve down the middle of her ass, notching out the area of her cock-stuffed asshole. Reaching the bottom of her cheeks, he worked a gruesome seam down the inside of one leg before creating its twin along her opposite leg. He circled around her ankles before working his way back up the outer sides of her legs, up across her hips and ribs until he reached her armpits. He circled each of her shoulders before returning to the original point he’d made on the back of her neck.The audience was treated to Gaelira’s rising horror and pain as Nimor began the slow, meticulous task of peeling the skin away from her back. It was a slow process, with his blade angled inwards to slice through the connective tissue attaching the skin to muscles. But the queen was not the first woman he’d performed such a task on. His skills were great enough that he had no trouble ensuring that the length of skin was flawless upon its removal, with Gaelira only slightly closer to death than she’d been at the start. When he finished, he pulled the skin upwards, displaying it before him as he stepped around the bound woman to show the cheering crowd. He turned to show the queen what her backside looked like now that it was no longer attached to her, grinning as her face managed to grow even paler at the sight. He moved to a drying rack, clipping the hide to it where it could properly dry.With her back nothing but raw muscle and exposed bone, Nimor turned his attention to the queen’s front side. He made a few more strategic cuts in her skin to make his job easier and then began to unfurl the soft tissue. Her flawless breasts became bloody muscle, tipped with the alien-like flower petals that were her milk ducts. He snipped a hole at her belly button to avoid any unwanted tearing before finishing the upper half of her body. Ducking under the loose curtain of skin, he moved between her legs and traced a painful cut around the circumference of her labial folds, laughing as her agony caused her to piss herself. He avoided the majority of the warm spray as he finished his terrible work and slid out from under the skin, continuing to tug at it gently as he worked his way down her trembling legs. In the end, Queen Gaelira’s natural beauty only remained in her pain-stricken face. The rest of her was now a gruesome abomination, alluring to only the most devious of minds.Even as King Tarron wept for his wife’s suffering, he leaked his cum over his dead daughter’s lustful face. And still, her urgent tongue would not stop teasing him.Gaelira’s front skin was draped beside her back skin. After drying and curing, they would make excellent tapestries, a macabre trophy from the drow victory over the elves. The queen’s head swayed unsteadily; eyes unfocused as each gentle breeze brought her burning pain as it washed over her raw nerve endings. She was barely conscious, close to death. Koszar stepped in front of her again, fingertips already crackling with fresh electricity. He unleashed the devastating volley into Gaelira’s body, delighting in the sight of her exposed muscles flexing and twitching. This time, he did not relent, pouring the energy into her. The blood clinging to her muscles steamed away. The fat in her skinned tits boiled, squirting in hot streams from her fleshless nipples. The prince’s severed prick wiggled excitedly in her ass, adding that special sliver of humiliation right up until her very end.As the queen’s lively gyrations became involuntary spasms, Irae pulled Syllana’s head away from Tarron’s crotch. The older elf was forced onto his knees and bent forward. Ilmdus was ready with his axe, resuming his role as executioner. He swung his weapon down hard and fast, lopping the king’s head from his shoulders. His body jerked and sprang about, dancing on the stage floor as his rigid cock throbbed, spewing one final load of unwanted jizz across the wood. Crouching beside the twitching body, Irae guided Syllana’s head to the sticky pool of cum and giggled as she happily lapped it up, swallowing it down and leaking it out of her esophagus. Gaelira was a steaming, inert corpse by the time Syllana finished cleaning her father’s final deposit.With the king and queen dead, Irae ordered the remaining guards and soldiers left alive in the crowd back onto the stage. As the women were extricated from their brutal gang-rapes, she turned her attention to Elincia and Elasha. The twins were a stunning pair. And after the horrors they’d both witnessed and endured, she suspected they were thoroughly prepped to become obedient slaves for her empire. Killing them would bring some satisfaction, but she felt it would be even more entertaining to keep them around for a while, allow them to see what was to become of the rest of their realm, the rest of their people. She knelt down before them. “The queen is dead,” she whispered with sadistic glee to one of them, which turned out to be Elincia. “Long live the queen.”As beautiful as they were, however, something bothered Irae… there was one aspect they lacked that demanded changing. Their golden locks were pretty enough, but she rather preferred the fiery tufts of hair Gaelira and Syllana possessed. What what she understood, the Queen of the elves traditionally always had crimson hair that burned like the sun. It was an easy problem to solve.Ordering the sisters over to their mother’s carcass, Irae drew her own blade. She slashed open Gaelira’s belly, unleashing a gush of blood and tangled innards. Elasha was brought over first, bent over in front of her mother with a cock still pumping away in her gooey snatch. Irae guided the sobbing girl’s head into the gaping split in Gaelira’s gut, stuffing her inside. Her hands slid in along with Elasha’s head, smearing and squeezing blood into her hair, staining the follicles. When she was satisfied with the gruesome dye job, she motioned for Elasha to be pulled back and beckoned Elincia forward for a similar treatment. Both young women were left with their faces smeared with their mother’s blood, their hair stained a shade of red not too dissimilar from the locks growing from Gaelira and Syllana. A simple spell was all that was required to make the color change permanent.The underlings were back on stage, a few of their forceful lovers brought along for the festivities. There were only four left, each of them forced onto their hands and knees in a line. Amedee Shalen, Lenna Glynnelis, Celaena Bryna, and the disgraced royal bodyguard, Chamylla Perlana. All four women were treated to a thick cock up their ass, pumping away into their loosened holes as Ilmdus moved into position. The elves were meaningless, just more fodder for the piles, undeserving of prolonged torture or a slow death. With a decisive chop, Amedee’s head went flying, rolling its way off the edge of the stage and back into the crowd where it was promptly scooped up and stuffed with cock. As her anal rapist rode out Amedee’s death spasms, Ilmdus stepped forward and lined up his next blow. Another meaty thud and Lenna’s head followed after Amedee’s.Chamylla listened to her fellow elves dying, listened to the sobs of the princesses. Her life was over, that much was obvious, but a tickle of strength rolled back into her at the very end. She heard Celaena’s sobs end with a thunk and knew her time was rapidly diminishing. She waited, finding a calm patience as she came to a firm decision. She ignored the other sounds, listened for the swish of the oncoming axe blade. She pulled her head back suddenly, feeling the breeze of the sharp blade across her face as it embedded itself uselessly into the stage floor. Her sudden resistance caught the executioner and her rapist off guard. Chamylla used that – and her impressive muscles – to her advantage. She bucked back, knocking the man behind her out of her throbbing asshole, and sprang to her feet. The sisters were separated again. She wouldn’t have time to reach both of them, of that she was certain, so she went for Elincia, the closer of the two.The bodyguard’s fist knocked several of Elincia’s current abuser’s teeth loose and flattened his nose. She tugged the princess into her arms, stumbling with her back towards the castle. The unexpectedness of her insane escape attempt gave her a little time. She used it for everything it was worth, putting several feet of distance between them and the drow before shoving Elincia forward. “Go!” Chamylla yelled. “Don’t stop! Don’t look back!”Elincia was a wide-eyed, traumatized wreck, but she had enough of her mind left to obey Chamylla. She took off, fleeing back into the castle that had been her home all her life. The bodyguard doubted her efforts would do the girl much good in the long run, but she felt better having done something. That satisfaction faded as the drow soldiers caught up to her, mercilessly slashing and stabbing into her powerful flesh with their swords. She fought back against them, to the best of her ability. Even managed to land a few crippling blows to one or two of the soldiers. But even with her impressive strength, she could not survive long. Her guts spilling out of her, breasts slashed apart, one arm hanging loosely from mostly severed flesh, Chamylla collapsed to her knees, wheezing and gurgling as blood spilled from her lips. Ilmdus approached her, stepped behind her, readied his axe, and let swing. The bodyguard’s head shot into the air, riding a geyser of blood, as the rest of her flopped forward onto the stage.A few soldiers moved to chase the escaped princess into the castle but Irae called them off. “Don’t fret,” she told them with a cruel smile. “Let her cower in there for a time. It will make it all the more amusing when we finally find her.” She reached out with her necromancy, already preparing to turn Gaelira into yet another trophy for her collecton, but smiled when she felt the signature of old, old dead nearby… elves that had been ancient when the drow that were first cast down into the darkness. The royal crypts beneath the palace contained an unbroken line of rulers from ancient times, leading from the first daughters of Corona, to those who had banished the drow, to Gaelira’s parents… right down to the princess Elincia, now running towards the palace and those crypts.Grinning to herself, she began to raise every male ancestor she could find to a tortured half-life of undeath, her magic whispering to seek out their last free relative. “You will wish you had stayed, princess,” Irae said with a cruel smile.

This is an especially brutal story, filled with torture, rape, and snuff. Be sure this is a thing you want to read before continuing. Soleila was no doubt the heart of the elven kingdom, but it did not make up the entirety of the race. There were other towns of varying sizes to be invaded and obliterated, not to mention the numerous elves who’d managed to flee the capital city in a fleet-footed panic. There was still much work to be done, and it was such gloriously satisfying work. Extermination was the primary goal, but Irae wasn’t satisfied to simply kill and rape the elf scum. She wanted them utterly broken along the way, devastated beyond the point of return. Her goddess demanded such levels of revenge for what the elves had done to her kind so many years ago. Irae’s twisted mind didn’t have to ponder for long to come up with an appropriate means of hunting and dealing with the remaining patches of elven life out in the world. She had the raw resources she required and the raw power to make good use of them.But in order to do what she planned, Irae needed to conduct a proper ritual. She was glad to procure Axilya Trahana, the virgin priestess who’d been spared due to the value of her purity. The girl had assumed that purity would be auctioned off to the highest bidder, and that had been one possibility, but Irae had an even more important use for her unsullied twat. With a small regiment of soldiers following along, Irae forced the young priestess back into the devastated temple. The place had been even further defiled since she’d been dragged away. A few of the dead priestess’s bodies had been removed, dragged off for who knew what sort of wicked acts, but there were still plenty of corpses draped around, including Axilya’s sister – Ulesse – still draped over the holy fountain with her bare ass propped into the air.Irae directed the soldiers sent to guard her to take Axilya and chain her by her wrists and ankles, stretched taut before the defiled and destroyed statue of her goddess – the charred and headless corpse of Ahrendue still draped there. While the soldiers got to work stringing up the sobbing virgin, Irae stepped in front of the burnt carcass. The woman was long dead, flies buzzing and crawling across her roasted meat, but she still had her uses. Procuring a small dagger from the sheath on her hip, Irae carefully sliced a line up Ahrendue’s belly. Her organs were withered and blackened, both from the intense heat that had cooked her as well as the unholy defilement her body had undergone during the process. Irae scooped out the inky slop and chucked it on the floor, stretching an arm into the cavernous space left behind, up under the High Priestess’s ribcage. A few hard tugs and Irae pulled her prize free. The tainted and blackened heart of a pious woman. She admired the trophy proudly, resisting the urge to lean in and give it a lick. The dark magic potential contained within the tainted organ was strong enough that it could tear her apart if she wasn’t careful.Irae turned to see that Axilya had been stretched into an X-pose before the statue, chains digging firmly into her soft flesh. The soldiers were pacing in front of her, leering at her and reaching out to paw at her flesh. Irae snapped at them, ordering them back. “This morsel is not meant for fucking,” she growled. “She’s much more important than that.” She stepped in front of the sobbing young thing, giving her a wicked grin. “Doesn’t that just tickle your elven ego? To know that, among all of your priestess sisters, you are the only one of them that truly matters? Because without you, all of the dead out there in the city, would stay dead. Rot away into a piles of pus and bones. But thanks to you, they’re going to get to come back. Some of them, at least.” She chuckled darkly. “Of course, they’ll be coming back nothing like who they were when they died. They’ll be coming back angry and bitter and oh so aroused, desperate to seek out those they’ll believe are responsible for their deaths. The drow will be spared from their cruel intents. We were merely the instrument of their destruction, after all. But their fellow elves, those are the ones that truly doomed them. They’re the ones who so urgently need to be punished.” She let her words sink into Axilya for a few moments, basking in the horror she saw in the young woman’s eyes. “And to think, none of this would have been possible if you’d simply chosen to not be a priestess, or if you’d decided to shirk your duties even once and spread those stunning legs of yours for some lover.” She rolled her eyes. “And they say virgins are too innocent to ever have something truly terrible happen to them…”Axilya shook her head as Irae crept closer to her. She squeezed her tear-leaking eyes tightly and blubbered out prayers to her goddess, desperate for any help she could get. But there was no help to be had. Irae grabbed hold of her by the jaw, forcing her mouth open and guiding Ahrendue’s blackened heart to her lips. The taste of charred muscle tissue flowed across her tongue, along with something that started her shivering, mind collapsing into a pit of angry depression. The feelings worsened as the heart was stuffed into her mouth. Irae clamped a hand over her lips and pinched her nose shot, stealing away her ability to spit the unwanted object out. Axilya’s survival instincts worked alongside Irae’s evil intentions, forcing her to swallow down the lump of corrupted organ. Her throat bulged as Ahrendue’s heart made its way down into her gut. It hit her stomach like a molten wad of lead. As Irae removed her hands from the young elf’s face, Axilya let out a horrendous howl of agony.The virgin priestess shuddered in her restraints as the corruption of Ahrendue’s heart attacked her innate purity. Her slender belly undulated, swelling, smoking, and blistering where her stomach was. Crimson tears dribbled from her eyes, running down the sides of her nose, as her bulging eyes filled with blood. She let out a fresh scream – mostly pain but with a tinge of horrified release – as the swelling, fist-sized lump protruding from her gut exploded, flinging blood and a few chunks of charred stomach over the floor. Ahrendue’s heart swelled and pulsed as it pushed free from Axilya’s belly, already double the size it had been when it had entered the girl. Purple veins slithered from the edges of the tear in her gut, creeping across her pale flesh, creating a root system for the dark heart-flower blooming from the virgin’s body.The vein-roots curled over Axilya’s trembling buttocks and around her thighs, creeping over the folds of her untouched sex. They slithered their way up to cradle her perky tits and circle her throbbing nipples. They tickled along her armpits and followed the curve of her throat up around the edges of her jaw. Axilya’s head rolled back, mouth gaping open, emitting an unending scream as her blood-red eyes fixed on the ceiling above. The orifices of her head became bubbling fountains of hot blood that washed over her restrained form, feeding the heart-flower with her pure essence so it could corrupt that purity and grow larger, more powerful. Irae let out a gasp of delight as the heart-flower blossomed before her after swelling to the size of pumpkin. She arched her back and tilted her face towards the gruesomely beautiful creation, absorbing the radiance of necrotic energy it permeated the surrounding air with.Axilya would go on living until Irae decided to severe her connection with the heart-flower, an ever replenishing fountain of dark power to be drawn from. Irae drank a little too deeply of the power, its flavor easily the most addictive thing she’d ever sampled. Groaning, she stumbled back, hands clutching at herself as the heat of pent up energy threatened to consume her. She turned to the small party of soldiers who’d accompanied her to the temple. They’d been hopeful to get to defile the priestess, disappointed that it had not been allowed. Supercharged with energy, Irae didn’t think twice about rewarding them for their obedience with her own flesh. She tugged her skimpy clothing away and pulled the nearest soldier to the floor, mounting his already firm cock in moments. She beckoned the others closer, gripping their shafts and twisting her head from side to side to suck them off. Her eyes rolled back with delight as one of the soldiers dared to wedge his prick up her ass. Her spirited gyrations and the energy sapping experience of numerous orgasms allowed Irae to burn off the excess of dark essence she’d taken into herself. When she was half-certain her skeleton wasn’t about to rip itself free from her skinsuit and go off frolicking on its own, she slowed her movements. The cocks sheathed in her cunt, ass, and throat still felt nice, and she did not mind giving the soldiers something to talk about with their fellow men later. But she returned her mind to the business she’d brought Axilya to the temple to conduct.With her necromantic abilities multiplied by the heart-flower, Irae had no trouble extending her reanimating energies out into the sacked city. She touched upon every corpse littering the streets, getting a sense of each and every one of them. Not just the state of their bodies, but who they’d been in life. For her purposes, the bodies needed to be relatively intact, but beyond that, she sought out corpses that provided a slice of irony to their reanimation and new purpose. She focused primarily on the men, especially any relatives of elven women who’d managed to escape the onslaught. Each specimen she deemed worthy of a new, corrupted life, she brought back, leaving them with only resentment that they’d had to die while other elves had lived, amplifying and corrupting whatever lust they felt. Their minds mostly varied from dullard to psychotically deranged, but she stumbled upon a few specimens who’d been far from nice before their untimely demises. Those she brought back with mostly intact psyches so that they could lead the undead horde stirring into unholy life throughout the city.When it came to searching out leaders for the undead ranks, Irae sought out someone in particular, a wickedly tasty treat Nimor had told her about. Keya Nerilamin, the long suffering underling who’d leapt at the chance to rape, torture, and murder her wicked employer, was the sort of twisted nymph Irae could have seen herself getting along with quite well, if they’d not been born into different races. She did not besmirch Nimor for executing the young woman. Whether or not she respected Keya’s desire for revenge or not, Irae would have done the deed herself if she’d been in the assassin’s place. But bringing her back to continue to seek some form of twisted revenge for the beleaguered station she’d been forced into within her kingdom was too perfect a prospect to ignore.Irae’s second choice of undead general was Raibyn Wysageiros – a man who’d been far from wicked in life. On the contrary, he’d been a proud, noble, and quite protective husband and father. When the drow had come calling, he’d bravely sacrificed himself, buying his wife and two daughters the time needed to escape the city before things had gotten much worse. His body had surprisingly not been sliced up too terribly. Irae restored him to life, washing away the love and selflessness he’d possessed and replacing it with hatred for his family. His murky eyes blinked slowly before filling with wicked purpose, determined to hunt down the women he’d given his life for and punish them for the sacrifice they’d forced him to make.The third and final undead general was an easy choice. King Tarron had done everything he could for his people, given the circumstances and swiftness of his kingdom’s invasion. Beyond that, Irae was furious that they’d still not managed to locate Elincia. It was clear at this point that the young princess had found some means of escaping the castle. If anyone could track her down, it was likely her father. The removal of Tarron’s head from his body was a mild frustration. She’d had his severed head bound to his chest, creating a macabre sight out of the corpse, even the more disturbing when the body jerked and returned to life. Irae grinned as she imagined the reaction he would get from whatever unlucky elf he managed to hunt down, their noble king reduced to a twisted, undead monstrosity intent on raping and slaughtering the very people he’d sworn to defend.By the time she finished her mass resurrection, the soldiers were thoroughly spent, half of them lying in unconscious heaps around her. She rolled her eyes as she pried her cum-gooey cunt off of the soft prick nestled inside her. “Men…” she muttered, strutting her way towards the temple’s entrance, soaking up a little more of the dark energy pulsing from Axilya’s corrupted form to wash away the fatigue she felt. Already, the undead horde was working its way out of the city, tracking those that had fled and converging on the towns that had not yet been touched by the drow invasion.

Tanelia Wysageiros had fled Soleila with her daughters, Rophalin and Keenor. In the rushed panic, she’d had little time to mourn her husband’s death, knowing that without his noble sacrifice, they’d certainly all be dead. They’d made it to the town of Yesahil knowing full well that it was not nearly far enough from the capital city to ensure their safety, especially if the rumors of the city’s fall were true. But Tanelia had not known where else to go. Yesahil was a small town, perhaps small enough to go unnoticed for a little while. It certainly offered no strategic value and it did not have much in the way of victims to slaughter. The one thing that it did have, the sole reason she’d rushed her terrified children to the border of the town, was her husband’s brother, Erlareo.She’d not seen the man in years. It had been no secret that Erlareo had lusted after her and it had caused a divide between him and his brother. But now, with Raibyn dead and the drow forces seemingly intent on slaughtering every elven life they came across, it made little sense to hold on to old grudges and awkwardness. The news had shocked Erlareo and he’d welcomed Tanelia and her daughters into his home, already putting together plans to escape further from Soleila. But those plans, even hastily constructed, took time too precious to be spared. And while the town of Yesahil offered little of apparent value, it became a primary target for the advancing wave of undead elves spreading out from Soleila for the very reason that Tanelia had chosen it.The thudding against the front door of Erlareo’s home caused its occupants to jump. Erlareo strode across the room, hopeful that it was the delivery of the much needed supplies they required to head out and further their escape. Instead, as the door opened, he found himself standing face-to-face with his dead brother. Raibyn’s murky eyes were filled with hatred as he brought the sword he wielded up, slamming the blade through the soft meat under Erlareo’s chin. The living brother’s eyes bulged as sharp steel skewered his brain and crunched through the roof of his skull. From further in the house, Tanelia let loose with a horrified scream as she witnessed both the murder and the murderer. She rushed to gather her daughters and flee from the back of the house only to find both young women being herded back towards her by the pack of dead elves who’d broken in through the back of the house.The stench of decay and corruption filled the small home as the three elven women were corralled and contained. Raibyn drew his sword free from his brother’s head and shoved the body aside, stepping into the house and moving towards the family he’d given his life for. In the moment he’d charged into the oncoming drow forces, he’d thought only of protecting them. Now, he saw that sacrifice in a new, twisted light. Hadn’t Tanelia manipulated him into giving his life for them? Why else would she have run straight to his brother? The pair had likely been fucking behind his back for who knew how long. Were his daughters even his daughters? And did it truly matter now? They were, each of them, spoiled cunts. But they are at least attractive spoiled cunts. Looking Rophalin and Keenor over with undead eyes, he saw them in a way he’d never been capable of. Rophalin looked more like him, with her dark hair and golden eyes, only with a distinctively feminine form. Her breasts were large and plump, hips wide with a stunningly smackable rump and full lips crafted by the gods for sucking cock. Keenor was almost the spitting image of her mother, light brown hair, mossy green eyes, same slender physique and small breasts. She was petite in frame, with a pixie-like appearance that made her seem even younger than she was.With the voluptuous figure of his eldest daughter before him, Raibyn had no desire to resist the urges flowing through his reanimated flesh. He pulled Rophalin into his arms, ignoring the frightened screams of his children and the desperate pleading of his wife. He threw Rophalin to the floor and dropped onto her, tearing open her top to allow her huge tits to jiggle into view. His mouth fell over her chest, slurping at her nipples as he tore away at her remaining clothing. His fingers tangled into her panties before tearing the garment away, reaching back to free his aching erection. The tearful pleas pouring from Rophalin’s full lips, begging her daddy to stop, only made his prick swell harder. He lined himself up with her dry, helpless hole and rammed inwards, skewering her soft cunt on his rigid meat.Raibyn had no interest in sharing either of his daughters. Not while they still drew breath, at least. His wife was a different case. In his corrupted mind, she’d sent him off to his death in order to fuck another man. He’d come with plenty of willing men under his command. He signaled for them to have whatever fun they liked with Tanelia, as long as she was left alive by the time he wished to have his turn with her. He watched with glee as several of the undead elves tore through her clothing and pulled her struggling form into her clutches. They stuffed Tanelia’s holes with their pricks, making sure she had a clear view of what was being done to her eldest daughter the whole time. The elf matron fought against her abusers, but she wasn’t nearly strong enough to beat them back, sobbing as her cunt and ass were vigorously raped, gagging around the occasional cock that sheathed its way down her throat.Raibyn dragged his bloated tongue across Rophalin’s cheeks, lapping up the salty tears she was leaking. He forced a kiss onto her, deeper than any he’d have dared give her if he still possessed a pulse. His hands groped at her pliant breasts as his hips humped steadily between her kicking legs. His balls swelled with dead cum, incapable of impregnating anything but still more than capable of debasing and disgracing whatever victim he chose to play with. With the stamina of the undead backing him, Raibyn plunged his thick shaft into his daughter’s clenching snatch and painted the walls of her pussy with his creamy load. He watched a good portion of her soul shatter as she was forced to endure her father emptying himself into her. Pulling free from her gaping cunt, Raibyn returned to his feet, watching his spunk dribble out of her and onto the floor. Chuckling and stiff again already, he leaned down and gripped a fistful of Rophalin’s dark hair, tugging her up onto her knees before him.When Rophalin refused to part those perfect cocksucking lips for him, Raibyn gave her a swift backhand across the face that left her cheek bruised and her brain dazed. Forcing her mouth open, he pushed his way into the damp passage. She gagged on him before he even reached the back of her mouth. As he prodded against the entrance to her throat, she retched hard, bringing up a soupy deposit over his cock and balls. Snarling with annoyance, Raibyn grabbed his daughter by the back of her head and forced her face into his soiled crotch. She gagged violently around his shaft as it curved down her throat. Her eyes bulged, arching up to stare up at her father’s cruel face, silently begging some part of him to realize how wrong his actions were. Raibyn knew exactly how evil face-fucking his daughter was. It made the experience all the more enjoyable. He offered her no mercy, keeping her face pulled against him, trapping her there as she flailed and twisted before him.With a commanding growl, Raibyn ensured that Tanelia and Keenor got a clear view of what he was doing to Rophalin. Tanelia pled with him urgently as she watched her eldest daughter’s face turning a deep shade of red, thick bubbles of drool leaking from her stretched lips as her frantic struggles shifted into uncoordinated flopping. The sight of the twisted monstrosity that had once been such a loving husband and father turned into a perverted, murderous beast devastated both mother and daughter. Rophalin was beyond dwelling on the horror of what her father had become. Her oxygen-starved brain only had enough strength to strain to go on living, a fight it was rapidly losing. The young elf’s arms slumped at her sides, violent jerks rolling through her, bouncing her plump tits against the fronts of her father’s legs, as her eyes rolled back fully. Raibyn grunted and came down his daughter’s throat as the delightful tingles of her death rattle rolled across his throbbing shaft. He worked her locked up throat back down the length of his prick, popping free and letting her loose head roll back. Her mouth hung open awkwardly, leaking drool and jizz over her chin. With a laugh, he let Rophalin’s body go, watching as she fell backwards, thudding to the floor with her legs bent under her and her pissing crotch tilted into the air.Raibyn set a pack of rabid undead elven men loose on his eldest daughter’s corpse, no longer interested in her now that he’d snuffed the life out of her. He turned to Keenor, his baby girl. She still looked so youthful despite being old enough – just barely – to be regarded as an adult in elven society. He ordered the elves holding her to force her to stand. Her legs were shaking so badly they had to maintain a firm grip on her to keep her upright. “Strip,” he growled at her. She only sobbed harder. Snarling with annoyance, he made his underlings do it for her, stroking his erection as her subtle curves and tight form was exposed to him. Tanelia was back to screaming and begging. With a snap of his fingers, an undead cock gagged her. He stepped up to his naked, trembling daughter, dragging the tip of his prick across her slender belly as he reached down and hooked a pair of fingers into her pussy. He leaned in and forced a deep kiss onto her slender lips, tongue slithering into her mouth as he pumped his digits into her hole, forcing her body to respond and lubricate the passage against her will.Raibyn prodded his youngest daughter’s hymen, eyeing the winces that flinched over her face each time he did. Adjusting the angle of his fingers, he rammed deeper into Keenor’s cunt, piercing her virginity. After giving his digits a couple more wiggles inside her sex, he pried them free and forced her to taste the blend of her blood and cunt honey. She sobbed and gagged around his fingers. Before he forced the girl to puke, he pulled the fingers free and wiped them off on her hair. Gripping the back of her neck, Raibyn forced Keenor down onto her knees before bending her over. He moved in behind her, keeping her on her hands and knees as he knelt and pried her perky buttocks apart. Spitting into the crack, he smeared his saliva across her sphincter before jabbing his thumb into the impossibly tight orifice. He slickened his daughter’s asshole with more of his spit before lathering his cock in more of it, dragging out the process of her anal rape to further torment her. When he finally felt they were both ready, he guided the head of his erection to the slickened hole and pressed into her.Keenor’s high-pitched shriek as her asshole was broken open by her father’s thick cock filled the house and stirred Tanelia into fresh sobs. The mother was also kneeling, only a few feet away, with an equally large cock pumping into her jizz-greased snatch from behind. She reached out for her youngest daughter, straining to pull her away from her psychotic, undead father. She no longer recognized the twisted abomination as the man she’d loved so much, cursing the horrid drow monsters for turning him into such a thing. Raibyn stared openly at her, drinking in her hatred and horror and using it to fuel his thrusts into Keenor’s clenched ass. Knowing that she was watching her daughter’s ass-fucking, he grabbed hold of Keenor by the hair and made sure she was looking right back at her mother. Then he slid his arm lower, hooking his forearm around her throat and pulling back. Keenor’s mouth gaped open, eyes widening as her throat was crushed closed. She buked wildly, driving her petite ass against her father’s prick. Grinning, Raibyn enjoyed the spirited movements of his daughter’s body against him as he choked her with unrelenting cruelty.Tugging back harder on Keenor’s throat, Raibyn lifted his daughter’s upper body upwards. Her hands flailed about blindly for a few moments before coming up to try and pull her father’s forearm away. Her nails dug into his cold, dead flesh, causing only the most minimal amount of pain in his withered nerve endings. He humped harder into her aching rear, putting enough force into his thrusts to make even her minimal tits jump and jiggle. Tanelia sobbed pitifully as she watched her remaining daughter being slowly choked to death. She begged for Raibyn to take her instead, calling out in hopes that some small sliver of the man she’d known still existed and could be reached. Raibyn took pleasure from her pathetic efforts, but did not relent in the slightest. When Keenor’s struggles faded away, he kept his hold on her firm for another minute or so. Then he adjusted his hold on her and snapped her neck with cold efficiency, letting her faceplant back to the floor in a dead heap. Her warm piss blasted across his balls as he fired off a few sticky wads of cum into her bowels before pulling free to squirt the remainder of his load down her backside.Raibyn ordered his undead underlings to release his wife. He watched as she scrambled first to Keenor’s corpse and then Rophalin’s, sobbing and shaking at them, urging them to come back to life, resisting the notion that her children were truly gone for good. Raibyn let her fall deeper and deeper into hysterics as he prepared the means of her execution. When the noose was ready, he pulled Tanelia up onto her feet. She turned into him, clinging to him, begging him to come to his senses even as he slipped the noose over her head and cinched it tight against her throat. A pair of undead elves were ready on the other end of the rope to hoist the hysterical mother into the air. Her legs kicked about wildly, hands coming up to tug at the noose, but her fate was already thoroughly sealed. Raibyn moved in behind his flailing wife’s body and worked his way up her jizz-lubed asshole, gripping her hips and fucking her roughly as she hung before him. He ordered the bodies of his daughters to be brought over and piled beneath Tanelia, giving her a clear view of the corpses as her hanging progressed.With his wife’s brain degraded from oxygen deprivation, Raibyn curled an arm around her and began to stimulate her clit. He fucked her ass swiftly as he forced pleasure through her loins, her bulging, tear-glazed eyes fixed on the lifeless husks of her two daughters. The undead husband felt glee in his unbeating heart as he felt Tanelia shuddered through a powerful climax, her cunt honey drizzling down her legs and sprinkling across Rophalin and Keenor. He laughed, mocking her for getting off over the bodies of her children. Peeking around, he could see Tanelia still had enough consciousness left to be horrified and humiliated by the action she’d been forced to perform. Raibyn savored the sight of it, continuing to pump into his wife’s bowels as her struggles faltered, her urgent gurgling turning into wet clicks as the noose crushed her windpipe shut completely. When she finally hung limply, spraying her hot urine over the corpses beneath her, he blasted her loosened asshole with one last spurt of jizz before pulling free.With his personal quest of twisted revenge concluded, Raibyn ordered the house and the bodies within to be set ablaze while he left to ensure the rest of the little town’s occupants were having an equally bad final night of their lives.

The town of NythnebelleThe town was less a town and more a small ring of buildings surrounding a sacred forest. The elves had maintained a lengthy friendship with the dryads that lived within the forest, building up around the woodlands to offer them a layer of protection as well as a line of communication with the outside world. Velatha Valfir had hoped to find some reserve of military forces there. Not a group large enough to fight off the drow, but at least one capable of keeping her and the handful of other refugees she’d met outside Soleila safe as they escaped further from the city. Instead, she’d found the handful of soldiers responsible for guarding the forest thoroughly sloshed on dryad wine, laughing off the warnings she and the others arrived with as some kind of joke.Velatha hadn’t survived the attack on the city by wasting time. One look at the so-called soldiers was all she needed to know that they would be no help. The other refugees – terrified beyond their limits – continued to plead with the inebriated men and women, urging them to take the threat seriously. While they wasted their time with that endeavor, Velatha slipped out of the crowded pub and started off on her own. She figured it might even be for the best. It would be much easier keeping a low profile and sneaking away from any potential danger on her own. She wished the others good luck and hurried out into the night on her own, only the vaguest sense of where she was heading.She’d barely made it out of the pub when she spotted an awkward silhouette of a figure approaching from out of the shadows. A scream caught in her throat as details of the figure came into focus. The man had no head, but it didn’t seem to keep him from walking. Her wide eyes shifted to the man’s chest, where his severed head had been strapped down. Velatha’s face went pale with shock as she recognized the features glaring up at her. “K-king Tarron?” she gasped. “Dear goddess, what have they done to – “The reanimated king lashed out with his sword, catching Velatha across the side of her right cheek and slicing cleanly through her head. The young elf’s lithe limbs locked up, tears glistening in her eyes as the life flickered from them. The upper half of her head rolled back as her lower jaw hung slack, tongue flopping about through the geyser of blood squirting free from the gruesome stump left behind. Her body stumbled awkwardly from side to side before dropping back, landing on the severed portion of her head as her legs kicked about at the air and dug into the dirt. King Tarron grinned at the dead elf, freeing his erection as he lowered his headless body down over Velatha’s twitching corpse. He bared her damp cunt and plunged into her still warm folds, ushering the undead elven forces following along behind him to head into the pub and secure the location, making sure to point out that he wanted the elves within kept alive until he could decide their fates for himself.With the corruption to his mind pushing out every ounce of goodness he’d ever possessed, Tarron found his new role in un-life to be incredible, especially as he plunged roughly into the tight cunt of the woman he’d just murdered so casually. As he savored the convulsions of Velatha’s pussy around his shaft, he found it remarkable to think that he’d fucked only a single woman for such a large portion of his life. With undeath keeping his body firm and his mind slanted into the most perverse of thoughts, he had every intention of making up for lost time. The unique placement of his severed head afforded him an easy means of kissing and sucking at the dead elf’s still tits as he hammered into her snatch, groaning against her drool-coated nipple as he pumped a cold load of cum into her now motionless form.Pulling free from the half-headless young woman, King Tarron got to his feet and stomped over Velatha’s corpse, no longer paying her any mind. The elf’s fleet-footedness had saved her from a terrible fate back in Soleila and delivered her just as swiftly into an equally terrible fate in Nythnebelle. If she’d been capable of any afterthought in her post-mortem state, she’d have regarded herself as lucky compared to those caught unawares in the pub, where only the men were gifted with deaths as quick as hers had been.Penelo Leomys had been having a pretty good night up until the group of hysterical women had shown up. The dryad wine had her tingling in all the right places and she’d already succeeded in out drinking the only other female soldier in the regiment, giving her the freedom of choosing which of the men she wanted to drag back to her bunk for the night. The raving lunatics had mellowed everyone out, although no one took them seriously. A drow invasion large enough to cause the fall of Soleila made no sense. If it wasn’t a practical joke, it was clear that the women had gotten into some kind of drug and were sharing a mass hallucination or something. Penelo did her best to ignore them and tried to focus on flirting her way into her commanding officer’s pants. She wasn’t above putting in a bit of work between the sheets to secure herself the best assignments or even a promotion. It didn’t hurt that he was pretty easy on the eyes.When the persistent interlopers fell into panicked screaming Penelo could ignore them no longer. Turning her attention to the trio of women, she suddenly found herself wishing she’d paid more attention to them when they’d first barged into the pub. The pack of clearly dead elven men pushing their way into the building made it obvious that the warning the newcomers had shown up with had not been the manifestation of any hallucinogen. Her muscles dulled with alcohol and her mind frozen with shock, Penelo sat frozen as the undead elves carved their way through the men in the pub. She flinched as her commander’s hot blood splattered over her face, staring at the once attractive face now bisected by the blade of a sword that had been brought down over the top of his skull. By the time she regained enough of her senses to reach for her own weapon, she was already being pulled up from the table and roughly stripped, corralled together with the three screaming refugees. Arryn Wynvaris was so thoroughly drunk that even all the noise hadn’t been enough to stir her to consciousness. Her slumped over body went unnoticed by the undead elves for the time being.Penelo wasn’t given long to wonder why they weren’t being slaughtered like all the others. The door to the pub banged open and the undead troop’s commander stepped through the threshold. The drunken soldier’s reaction to what had become of the elven king wasn’t much different from Velatha’s. As she stared slack-jawed at his decapitated yet still-living form, she couldn’t help but let her eyes drift down to fix on Tarron’s royal prick. It’s so big. The thought just popped into her head and refused to leave, embarrassing her, especially given the direness of the situation she and the others were in. But she couldn’t take her eyes off the thick, throbbing length of flesh protruding from the king’s crotch, mesmerized by the sight of it. It wasn’t until she realized Tarron was standing right in front of her that she managed to snap out of her staring. She tried to pull free from the grip of the dead elves holding her as they dragged her over to a nearby table at the king’s instruction, but her alcohol-soaked muscles weren’t nearly strong enough to earn her even a temporary freedom.The dead men pulled Penelo over the table, pinning her onto her back, as Tarron followed them over. The young soldier with her spiky red hair and lithe muscles reminded his twisted mind of his wife in some ways, his eldest daughter in others. Snagging hold of her ankles, he hefted Penelo’s legs up into the air and pulled them apart. He moved closer to her, guiding her bare crotch towards his face. His cock’s hunger for female flesh that was not his wife’s was strong, but his tongue yearned for the flavor of fresh pussy. He buried his face between Penelo’s thighs, lapping eagerly across her folds and finding her already damp for him. He chuckled against her wiry pubic hair and dove his tongue deeper into her slit, teasing a steady flow of honey. He slurped at the hard nub of her clitoris, drawing strained whines from her lips as she writhed across the table, horrified and mesmerized by the pleasure wafting up through her loins.When Penelo curled her legs around Tarron’s back and pulled her sloppy snatch closer against his attentive mouth, the king knew he’d broken the young woman. Pulling back, he licked his lips clean of her fluids and looked to the undead elves holding her down. “This poor thing’s lost her head,” he chuckled, voice raspy from his severed windpipe. “Wouldn’t you agree?”Penelo blinked the tears and sweat from her eyes, panting heavily as she slowly recovered from the onslaught of oral attention. Her eyes shot wide as she saw the sword being lifted over her head. She managed the start of a scream that cut off sharply as the blade cleaved through her throat and lopped her head away from her body. Her limbs shot outwards, spine arching and curling on the table. The king buried his face back into the soldier’s crotch to drink down her death-squirt, the fluids draining from his torn esophagus and leaking over his erection. When he finally pushed her legs away and rose from her jerking corpse, he smiled into the slack, dead face presented to him, giving Penelo’s still lips a deep kiss before turning to admire the rest of the helpless women captured in the pub.Tarron’s eyes proved to be keener than those of his underlings. Not surprising given that they were little more than brainless lumps of animated flesh eager to fuck and kill and obey his commands. He aimed a finger at the passed out soldier curled onto a bench at the back of the pub. “Dereliction of duty,” he growled. “Prepare her for me.”Arryn Wynvaris groaned as she was tugged onto her unsteady feet. The elves dragged her over to a table, ignoring her slurred, half-conscious grumblings about being up for whatever fun the handsy gentleman were interested in. Laid face down over the table, Arryn groaned and drifted back into her inebriated slumber quickly. She remained unresponsive, doing nothing more than drooling over the table, as the undead elves worked her pants down to her ankles, leaving her fit ass on display for their corrupted king. Tarron moved up behind Arryn, stroking his member with excitement before he reached her and pried her buttocks apart. From the positioning of his severed head, he had a clear view of her tight anus, making it easy for him to guide his cock to the hole. The way Arryn’s asshole responded to his forceful prodding told Tarron that she was no stranger to taking lovers up her rear. The orifice was well practiced but still retained a pleasant tightness as he sank his stiff inches into her rectum.As his thrusts quickened, Arryn’s asshole loosened further around him, responding to his penetration positively. She stirred listlessly over the table, a sloppy smile flowing into her face as she lightly pushed back to meet the vigorous pumps of the cock hammering away at her ass. The soldier’s reputation for being an anal whore had made her quite popular amongst the men in her regiment, one of the reasons Penelo had been so thankful that she’d drunken herself into a stupor so early in the night. Arryn did not mind being taken advantage of in her vulnerable state. She rather preferred it. The men got to have their fun with her, she got to enjoy the little slices she was aware for, and there was no expectation for her to do any of the work. As her mind faded in and out of consciousness, she strained to pry her eyes open and look back over her shoulder, wanting to know who was responsible for the thoroughly satisfying anal plundering she was receiving. Her groggy head and blurred vision refused to piece together the monstrosity fucking her for several long moments. As the pieces came into focus, her confusion grew. “My liege?” she groaned, certain that the headless man buggering her could not actually be the king. She let out a slurred laugh. “Time to lay off the wine, Arryn,” she chided herself before starting to settle back into slumber.Tarron’s face scrunched up with fury. “How dare you ignore your king, you worthless welp,” he snapped loudly. “To think that someone as pathetic as you was given a roll in my kingdom’s army is a disgrace. Now wake up! And truly appreciate the gift of my royal cock up your unworthy ass!”The king’s booming rasp was enough to pull Arryn out of her drunken stupor. She lifted her head, twisting it back, truly seeing the nightmare pounding into her. Her face went pale, bile rising up her throat. The unease in her stomach grew as she looked around the pub, seeing the bodies of the soldiers she’d been drinking with such a short time before, the reanimated men towering over her, the sobbing refugees being held firmly. The horror of it all had her choking on her puke as she tried to scream through her sick. Her body jerked and twisted, straining to pull free from the undead king’s iron-like grip, desperately wanting his pulsing prick out of her body. Tarron chuckled at her dismay, slamming his hips forward to pin her waist to the table as he released his grip on her arms. Arryn reached out, pulling at the edges of the table, trying to pull herself over and away from the king. Tarron drew his sword – still stained with Velatha’s blood – and pulled it over his head, sharp tip aimed downwards. He let the drunken mess of a soldier go on shrieking and howling for a few moments longer, enjoying the way her ass clamped down around his girth each time she let loose with another scream. Then, he slammed the sword downwards. The tip pierced her temple, sheathing neatly into her skull and skewering her brain before erupting from the opposite side, pinning her head to the table.Tarron left his sword embedded in Arryn’s head as he grabbed hold of her bucking hips, driving into her with renewed vigor as he rode out her death spasms. When she’d settled into death, his movements slowed before he pulled his aching shaft free of her gaping asshole. He dragged his member through the soft cleft of her buttocks a few times before erupting his seed over the small of Arryn’s back. Gripping the base of his shaft firmly, he milked his cum onto her smooth skin, smacking the head of his dick against her ass cheeks. Blood bubbled from Arryn’s nostrils and drooled from her mouth, dead eyes crossed and tongue flopped onto the tabletop. Occasional twitches crept through her muscles as the king amused himself with her cooling flesh for a little while longer before turning his attention to the remaining living elves in the pub.Like Velatha, Lazziar Oritris, Mhoryga Liaxalim, and Tinesi Leoxisys had all witnessed terrible atrocities and narrowly escaped being victims themselves during their panicked flight from Soleila. To be snared in the undead hands of elven men who’d fought and died to keep them safe was a soul-crushing betrayal, but even that did not compare to witnessing the risen form of their own murdered king gleefully raping and slaughtering his own people. They cowered and sobbed and begged as Tarron’s murky eyes looked them over like pieces of meat, judging them, deciding how best to have them served. He settled on Mhoryga first, stepping in front of her and giving her plump tits a rough groping. He pushed his face into her cleavage, purring as the soft flesh rubbed his cheeks.With the scent of her sweat and fear in his nostrils, Tarron tugged Mhoryga along. He lowered himself to the floor and pulled her over him. “Ride me, commoner trash,” he growled. “Please your king and perhaps I’ll reward you with a painless end.”The panicked elf woman had no choice in the matter. The king’s tight grip pulled her downwards, forcing her to straddle him. She shuddered and whined as her cunt sank over his stiff cock. A quick look at the butchered carcasses surrounding her was the only motivation she needed to start rolling her hips and bouncing atop Tarron’s form. From its disturbing mount against his chest, the king grinned up at her, lifting his hands to go back to grab at her tits. Mhoryga flexed her ass and clenched her pussy around him, continuing to look at all the corpses, using them as effective motivation to give the king what he wanted. Dying was not something she wished for, but it would at least be a release from the nightmare her world had become. If she could reach that point as swiftly and painlessly as possible, it was worth degrading herself for.Not that anything Mhoryga did would save her from the fate the king had devised for the refugee before even catching up with her. The cruel execution method was not designed with her in mind, simply any refugee. She’d just been the first of the bunch they’d caught up to who’d aroused him enough to earn the brutal end. Tarron let her work herself up into a steady rhythm, enjoying the way her plump tits bounced and jiggled above his face. He gripped her wrists, holding her arms down at her sides, making sure she had nowhere to go and no means of fighting back. No matter how terrified and weak she was, he knew she’d try to put up a fight once she realized what was really happening to her. The stage was set and the victim was ripe. Tarron looked to a pair of his undead minions and gave his command.The thick wooden box was stained with the blood of previous victims. With a hole in the bottom and a hinge that allowed it to be opened, it easily dropped over Mhoryga’s head. She let out a surprised yell as the darkness pushed in on her, screams intensifying as the box was locked shut, the rim of the hole pressing snuggling around her neck. She got a glimpse of light again as the lid on top of the box was lifted up. She tilted her face back, eyes bulging with horror as the undead elf tipped the bulging, thrashing burlap sac towards her, allowing three bony rats to drop into the box with her. The hatch was snapped shut and locked, trapping the starving rats inside with only the sobbing elf’s head to keep them company. Driven beyond the point of madness with hunger, the rodents wasted on time dining on the hot meal they’d fallen onto.Tarron grinned as the elf bitch’s cunt clamped down hard around him, from the terror and the pain. He ground his hips upward into the tight orifice, enjoying the unintentional massage her pussy walls provided him. Within the box, Mhoryga’s existence become a bloody hell. One rat remained perched on top of her head, gnashing teeth tearing away clumps of her hair and ripping up ragged lengths of her scalp. The second had slipped down onto the back of her neck and was curled around her, chewing vigorously at one of her pointed ears. The third was right in front of her. She couldn’t see it in the dark, but she had no trouble feeling its sharp teeth tearing away at her cheeks and lips. She howled as the rat on top of her head slid low enough over her forehead to rip through one of her eyes, stuffing its head into the bleeding socket. Mhoryga’s scream choked off as the rat in front of her face dove for the open hole, squeezing its emaciated form down her throat, chewing off chunks of tongue along the way.Mhoryga hacked blood across the front of the box as the starving rat burrowed its way down her gullet and into her stomach. She retched as the uneasy lump of matter in her belly shifted wildly, splashing through her stomach juices and chewing at the lining of the organ. Her remaining eye bulged as the last remnants of her tattered ear were torn free, pounding streaks rushing through her skull as the rat on her head strained to force its way through her hollowed-out eye socket. When that didn’t work, it pulled its gore-soaked head free and started to chew on her nose. As he drove into her trembling snatch, the king eyed the tortured elf’s midsection, grinning at the bulge of the rat thrashing about inside her. By the look of it, the hungry rodent had already chewed its way free from Mhoryga’s stomach and was making quite the feast of her hot, twisted intestines.Hammering his prick deep into the refugee a few more times, Tarron blasted her twitching pussy with his seed before promptly shoving her off of him. He had no interest in offering up his cock to the starving rat burrowing its way steadily through the woman. Rising to his feet, he loomed over Mhoryga and watched with amusement as she kicked and writhed before him. The rat inside her gut wasn’t nearly as scrawny by the time it squeezed its bloody body through the torn-up lips of the elf’s cunt. She expired shortly after the adventurous rat was scooped up and returned to the sack. The box was removed from her head, allowing Tarron and the others to look upon what remained of Mhoryga’s face. She’d managed to keep her one eye, but the rest of her flesh had been reduced to gory tatters, ears gone, nose bored down to a hollow stump, lips chewed away to reveal only an eerie crimson grin. Only a few scraps of hair clung to her shredded scalp. The two satisfied rats were caught and returned to the sack.The remaining refugees were nearly comatose with trauma, vacant eyes fixed on Mhoryga’s chewed up remains. Tarron looked them over before choosing Lazziar as his next plaything. She snapped out of her daze quickly when the king trudged towards her. He felt up her body, clutching at her tits, ramming a couple fingers up her cunt, reaching around to grope her firm buttocks, jamming his digits into her mouth. With a growled order to his undead troops, he had the squirming elf dragged to a nearby wall, arms pulled out to her sides. A collection of rusted metal spikes were handed to the king, alongside a hammer. He took great pleasure pounding each one of the spikes through Lazziar’s flesh, one for each of her wrists to pin her arms to the wall, and then – after prying her legs apart – another pair through her knees. Effectively pinned like a worthless insect to the wall, the elf was a helpless ornament open for business.Tarron took her first, as was his right, sheathing his member into her tight snatch and listening to her sobs as he plundered her hole for everything it was worth. Leaving his seed draining from her vigorously fucked pussy, he moved aside to allow some of his underlings to have some fun with her, turning his attention to the final refugee. He dragged Tinesi down onto her knees before him, dragging his stiff cock across her soft lips before ramming his way down her throat. He fucked her face, listening to her urgent gagging and Lazziar’s desperate sobs. Painting Tinesi’s face with his cum, he shoved her into the eager clutches of another pack of his mindless minions.Even his undead vitality was not limitless. King Tarron dropped onto a bench in front of the table where Penelo’s corpse lay. He casually flicked at the dead soldier’s nipples as he watched his underlings have their fun. Tinesi did not last long. The appetites of the undead elves she’d been tossed to were equal to the starving rats. The young elf was ripped to pieces, those pieces fought over as the men fucked her in every way imaginable. Lazziar lasted longer, her cunt a gooey mess by the time interest in her seemed to fade. The king lifted himself to his feet and trudged back over to her, procuring one last spike. He lined the tip of it up with her forehead, listened to her pathetic sobs for a few moments longer, and then hammered it through her skull. As Lazziar was reduced to a shuddering corpse, a relative silence descended upon the corpse-strewn pub.The dryads in Nythnebelle had sensed something foul looming, but they’d not been capable of sorting out what it was or how to handle it until King Tarron had led his undead forces into their forest. By then, they were caught too off guard to put up any means of defense against the corrupted elven forces eagerly rampaging through the sacred wilderness. The dryad women were caught, raped, and slaughtered no differently than the elven women had. The green-skinned beauties were quite the delicacy, the kind that would have certainly been savored for years if the undead men weren’t so consumed with ravenous appetites. The dryads’ suffering was brutal, but reasonably short-lived, a scrumptious snack before King Tarron led his forces further out into the world to continue his hunt for those of his kind still burdened with natural life.Meniphis had been near the outskirts of the forest when Tarron’s forces arrived. She’d always been curious and the sound of distant screams had lured her to the very border of her domain. That curiosity cost her dearly, making her the first dryad to be snared. She possessed a petite physique with short brown hair. Certainly not a fighter, but she made for an excellent victim. Meniphis became the centerpiece of a wild gangrape, cunt, mouth, and ass stretched by elven pricks. Even with his dead mind, Tarron possessed knowledge of the dryads, knowing of their split existences between their fleshy forms and their personal tree. His murky eyes allowed him to see the invisible threads connecting Meniphis to her tree and he was pleased to find it not far from where they’d captured the girl.Carried along among the pack of horny undead elves, Meniphis’s suffering only grew worse when they reached her tree. Tarron made the first cut across the trunk of her tree, drawing an agonize howl from the dryad’s lips as the gouge he left in the wood was mirrored along the side of her left thigh. He set a few of his underlings loose on the tree with specific instructions to de-bark the tree. Meniphis expelled an impressive amount of energy, writhing and jerking, bucking and grinding, as chunks of bark were pried away from her tree and – in turn – scrapes of her skin were sheered from her body. Meniphis’s lingering torture served as a blatant announcement to the rest of the dryads that their end had arrived. A few of the bolder women spied on what was happening from deeper in the forest, shedding silent tears for their captured sister. The majority of Meniphis’s tree was scrapped raw by the time her mostly fleshless body gave out. They chucked the used up, bloody carcass of the dryad against the bottom of her tree and stalked further into the woods, spreading out to hunt down every one of the women.Abruptly, Tarron swatted at the air as is brushing away an annoying insect. It was only when he opened his hand part of the way that the others could see what he had grabbed. A beautiful woman… only about six inches tall, with delicate-looking dragonfly wings.Calae, like most pixies, was nearly invisible while in motion… used to being unnoticed, flitting around and playing pranks, living in the forest like free fae. The invaders, to Calae, had just been one more set of intruders in the forest to prank and play with. She couldn’t have known that the cursed vision granted to Tarron by Irae’s resurrection made her plain to the reanimated revenant.As Tarron brought her up to where his head was pinned to his chest, his mouth curved in a smile of amusement as his cock grew harder. Gripping the pixie girl in one fist, he brought her down to his cock and began to push. Calae screamed, a sharp, tinny wail of anguish as she was bludgeoned by a cock almost as wide around as her entire body, and longer to boot. No sensible person could have believed that it would fit, and no one with a conscience would have tried… but in his undead state, the former king didn’t hesitate.With a ripping, he felt something in the pixie break… and he sank into her more than half of her body length. Her scream abruptly cut off as his cock crushed her lungs flat inside of her. No elf would could have survived a trauma like that… but unfortunately for Calae, a pixie’s tiny body was far more resilient. Instead of ripping, her skin stretched obscenely around the cock pushing into her, turning her lower body and belly into a cock-shaped flesh condom for the dead king. Gripping onto her tightly, Tarron pulled back, and then rammed her further down onto his length. The tiny girl’s eyes rolled back in her head and she spit up blood, but her arms and legs still thrashed… she still lived. As Tarron began to walk deeper into the grove in hunting for the dryads, he roughly masturbated with the distended body of the poor pixie, idly pulling off her wings one at a time as he fucked her entire body with jerking strokes. She was alive through the whole thing… she was still alive, barely, when he started raping another of the dryads, cramming the squirming pixie up her asshole while she was still wrapped around his dick like a sheath. He left the still body inside the dryad when he finished.Some of the dryads died quickly, but most died slow, after long sessions of hard torture and harder rapes. As their numbers dwindled and more and more of the sacred trees were reduced to kindling, the suffering intensified. The final living dryads in the forest were herded to the center of the forest, captured, fucked thoroughly, and then prepared for the king’s devious intentions. The green-skinned women screamed into the night sky as the limbs of their trees were carved through, the sensation of their limbs being severed ripping through their bodies. Sweat poured out of them as the severed tree branches were gathered and used to make numerous low-burning fire pits. They felt themselves both penetrated and penetrating as they were driven onto low-hanging branches of their trees, spitted from bloody asshole to gaping mouth. Positioned over the flickering flames, the dryads suffered through a slow roasting. The scent of cooked meat and scorched lumber permeated the forest, driving the dryads into a painful insanity as they cooked.When they finished cooking, several of the dryads were butchered and devoured completely, leaving behind only gruesome scraps, but most of them were only partially harvested. A tasty tit sliced away from one’s chest, a thick slab of ass roast carved from the rump of another. The meat of the dryads only helped to satiate the undead elves’ desire for pain and perversion, their resurrected stomachs no longer needing sustenance. By the time only a handful of the dryads remained alive to sustain the symphony of suffering within the woods, King Tarron called to have his troops move on to the next town, making sure to set the surviving trees ablaze as they departed. The spitted dryads found a new level of agony as their roasted carcasses felt a new kind of heat as the wood of their beloved trees ignited. The burning they felt was far more intense than the roasting flames, all consuming, covering every inch of their flesh and filling their insides. King Tarron made it his mission to catch the remaining pixies flitting through the forest as well, their mercurial natures leaving them innocent to the danger they were in until it was far too late. By the time he led his troops in a march away from the once beautiful forest that had now become a raging inferno, each and every soldier under his command had their own pixie condom as they left the fires behind, creeping ever inward to finally finish frying the remainder of the dryads.

The town of SelrenseraKeya Nerilamin had returned to life feeling nothing but satisfaction for the revenge she’d claimed from Lixiss. The temptation to spend the first minutes of her unlife further tormenting the bitch’s corpse was diminished thanks to the purpose and guidance Irae had resurrected her with. Collecting her horde of undead elven men, she set out from Soleila eager to further her sadistic instincts. The town of Selrensera was a decent ways from the capital city and reasonably sizable in its own right. Her horde found numerous straggling refugees along the way and Keya was happy to let her minions have their fun. The haggard men and women meant nothing to her. Although none of them caught her eye, she still enjoyed the sight of them being slaughtered or – in the case of the women – raped and then slaughtered. It was easy for her to imagine Lixiss’s face in place of the horrified visages of the refugees. It wasn’t until they reached the outskirts of Selrensera that Keya’s interest perked up.In order to spread further and hunt down the escapees with ease, Keya’s regiment of undead elves had been afforded the use of some of the drows’ spider-lizard mounts. The beasts were vicious and weren’t particularly fond of being ridden by masters who were not drow. Several of Keya’s underlings had been ripped apart by the creatures, but they’d been quite valuable, well worth the nuisance of a few shredded corpses. Spotting the stable yard just outside the town, the wicked elf woman determined it would make an excellent place to let the disgruntled mounts work out some of their aggression. She ordered her troops to move in, already hearing the nervous whiney of horses sensing the approaching threat. The weary-eyed stable hands weren’t nearly as alert, still trying to shake the sleep from their minds in the early morning as they moved about the barn to tend to the steeds.Kenia Keletor and Llorva Genlamin were utterly unprepared for the vicious eight-legged lizard mounts as they were unleashed on the stable. The shrieking elves were chased from one end of the building to the next as the lizards gnashed their teeth and flicked their tails. The horses – tied off in their individual stalls – were easy pickings, bucking and kicking as they were ripped into, becoming satisfying meals for the carnivorous reptiles. Cornered in the back of the stable, Llorva made a scrambling leap for the rafters, legs kicking wildly as she strained to pull herself up into the relative safety of the hay storage area. She screamed as her hands slipped, dropping her hard onto her back among the spider-lizards. They darted in, snapping their jaws closed around her flailing form with ravenous delight. Llorva’s screams intensified, the sounds of her flesh being ripped to shreds underscoring her howling until one of the drow mounts finally crunched through her face.Kenia made it out of the stable, but it only led her into the clutches of the undead elves lurking just outside. Keya had the girl stripped and staked to the ground, allowing the unleashed mounts to finish slaughtering and eating everything in the stable before sending some of her troops in to wrangle the beasts. The things were somewhat more manageable now that they’d been well fed, only ripping apart two undead elves before allowing themselves to be controlled again. With their hunger largely sated, the spider-lizards took a different kind of interest in the stripped elf pinned to the ground they found outside the barn. Kenia sobbed, squirming, shifting her head from side to side to look over her shoulder at the advancing monsters as they moved in to flick their long tongues across her upraised buttocks.After a little bit of examination, the time came for the mounts to do some mounting of their own. The beasts were handled firmly to keep them from turning on each other in their efforts to violate Kenia. They were allowed to take turns climbing onto the staked elf, humping into her ass with animalistic brutality. The largely mindless minions Keya had at her disposal enjoyed the show, but it was clear they wanted their own victims to fuck and kill. Luckily for them, it didn’t take long for the spider-lizards to work up a fresh appetite. Staked to the ground, Kenia could only howl out her misery as the creatures ripped her apart in a spectacularly bloody fashion, reducing her to hot chunks of shredded meat to be eagerly devoured. With the stable hands dead and the mounts appeased, Keya directed her forces further into Selrensera, excited to see what other atrocities she could design along the way.Shalendra Qinran stifled a yawn as she stoked her forge, stirring it towards a workable level of heat. Not even fully morning yet and already the blacksmith’s workshop was stifling. Sweat dripped down the elf’s face as she worked, the warmth doing its best to lull her back to sleep. She normally didn’t get started quite so early, but she’d received word that the nobleman who’d commissioned her to make a sword was planning on collecting the weapon the following day, instead of a week later as originally planned. An early start was the only chance she had of finishing the thing on time. Thankfully, the sword was meant to be more of a display trophy than an actual weapon. It offended her as a professional weaponsmith, but the money was good, and the demand for real weapons was at an all-time low.“What we really need is another war,” Shalendra grumbled.Moments later, the genocidal invasion she’d been blissfully unaware of came barging into her workshop. The imagery of a mischievous dead girl leading a pack of aroused dead men was shocking enough that for a few precious moments, Shalendra thought she might have dozed off. Then they were on her, and the reality of her unnatural situation was confirmed. As the men got the blacksmith’s clothes off and had an initial bit of fun with her, Keya looked around the workshop, marveling at all the possibilities for torture and death. There were the weapons – finished and half-finished – but those were too simple. The tools to create weaponry seemed far more devious to her. And Shalendra had already gone through the trouble of preparing most of them for easy use. Keya slid a branding iron into the furnace, letting it heat to a glowing red.With Shalendra bent over already, it was reasonably easy for Keya to ram the branding iron into her right ass cheek. The blacksmith shrieked as the brand burned into her flesh, melting her skin against the metal before Keya tore the brand free, leaving behind a bloody, swollen welt in the shape of the local farmer she branded cattle for on the regular. Flung onto her back, Shalendra was given a few moments longer to scream before one of the undead men dropped onto her chest and plugged her mouth with his erection. Keya returned the branding iron to the forge and looked for something else to hurt the woman with. It didn’t take her long.The steel ingots Shalendra had fed into the forge to start work on her commissioned sword had melted down into a liquid metal, perfect for pouring and molding. Scooping some of it up into a smithing ladle, Keya carried it carefully over to where the woman lay. She tilted the ladle over Shalendra’s left ankle, pouring the molten metal over her. The metal burned her flesh as it rolled over it, singing into the floor. Keya adjusted the aim of the ladle, dumping the remainder of the liquid metal over the blacksmith’s other ankle. Grabbing a bucket and dipping it into the nearby quenching barrel, Keya poured water over the superheated metal, cooling it down rapidly and returning it to a solid state. The manacles now holding Shelandra’s legs against the floor were quite crude looking, but doubly effective since the metal had burned its way into her flesh, making it impossible for the woman to even wiggle without sending agonizing pain up her legs.There was still plenty of melted steel left to use. The thought of continuing to pour it over the blacksmith until she was fused with the floor completely was tempting, but Keya’s twisted undead mind sparked on something even more devious. She made a quick pass amongst the group of dead men at her disposal, grabbing the one with the biggest cock she could find. The sounds of Shelandra sobbing and begging made for pleasant music as Keya pushed the dead man against a wall and clattered about the workspace looking for the tools she needed to make her devious design a reality. The undead elf soldier was an obedient one. He didn’t even cause much trouble when Keya poured the liquid steel into the mold she’d made around his erection, layering it in steel and letting it set into the mold before quenching it. The end result was a terrible new means of sexual execution. An ever-erect member with a cruel, six-inch blade sprouting from the head.The cock-bladed zombie was more than ready to put his new tool to use. Keya led him over to the blacksmith, ordering the others away from her. Shelandra stared up at the monstrosity looming over her, wide eyes fixed on the crudely fashioned blade, and screamed openly. She tugged hard on her legs, tearing her skin where the metal clung to it, but Cock-Blade dropped onto her and pinned her to the floor before she could rip herself free. Tears gushed from Shelandra’s eyes as the blade nicked across her clit on its way to lining up with her pussy. With a hard forward push, Cock-Blade sheathed his weaponized member into the flailing elf, slashing her vaginal walls apart before skewering his way through her cervix and uterus. Blood gushed from between the blacksmith’s thighs as the undead elf humped into her with vigorous strokes. The irritation of being unable to feel the warm clenching of her hole inspired him to fuck her harder, slashing her guts into tatters. Shelandra’s screams choked off as blood found its way to the back of her throat. Her struggles weakened as the internal damage within her became too much for her to handle. Finally, her head rolled to the side, eyes staring vacantly as her tits continued to jump and jiggle from the heavy fuck-thrusts of Cock-Blade.It had been only a couple weeks since the drow had come to Merethyl Zumcyne’s little border town. Her world had continued to be a waking nightmare since then, as the drow seemed to be hunting her specifically, tracking her to Soleila and, now, the resurrected minions of the fiends had found her in Selrensera. But it wasn’t over yet. Like back in her hometown, the wicked invaders seemed to have some kind of fixed interest in her. She’d not been killed outright, and although she’d been roughly raped by several of the undead elves, she’d been brought to the zombie in charge. The undead elf girl didn’t look much older than she was and had an almost innocent appearance, if not for the sadistic actions she so clearly enjoyed committing. Merethyl did not want to be a slave. But the undead didn’t seem particularly clever. Just the fact that they’d decided to keep her alive a little longer than the others in the town gave her the hope that she could once again find a way to escape. She’d done it successfully twice before, after all.Merethyl had no way of knowing that she’d been allowed to escape the first time and she chose to ignore the fact that her fear had inspired her to leave Soleila before the drow had even arrived.With the town of Selrensera fully invaded and its living population reduced to a single young woman, Keya decided she’d more than earned herself some time off to have her own brand of private fun. And while her resurrected mind did not possess any knowledge of Merethyl’s past or how she’d been used by the drow, one look at the girl was enough to tell her that something about her was special. She was beautiful, but it was clear she’d been through a lot over a short period of time. Still, there was a flicker of something. Not fight. She was too weak to even consider fighting. But still, she seemed hopeful, like perhaps she’d not have to suffer like all of the others. Keya doubted Merethyl knew anything that she did not. Most likely, it was a splinter of insanity creeping through her youthful mind after watching her people slaughtered. But even so, it was still very real, and it would make for something quite fun to exploit and manipulate.Of course, that did not mean Keya wasn’t also interested in thoroughly exploring and violating Merethyl in a sexual nature. Her brutes had worked the girl over pretty thoroughly. Jizz leaked from her holes and clung to her flesh. That was of little concern to Keya. The house she’d taken to be her private fuck hovel for the day had a tub and fresh water. Forcing Merethyl to clean herself made for an entertaining appetizer. Keya stood in the doorway, watching her scrub the filth from her skin and rubbing a hand between her thighs. Merethyl kept her eyes averted from the undead woman leering at her. Whatever relief she took from getting to wash the cum and sweat off of her was lost under Keya’s piercing gaze, leaving her feeling dirtier than when she’d gotten into the bath.With her toy properly cleansed, Keya led Merethyl to the bed, laying the girl out across the sheets still sticky with the blood of the couple who’d been killed there only a couple hours earlier. It didn’t do much to preserve Merethyl’s cleanliness, but it did give her skin a tasty crimson sheen. Keya took over the bathing process with her tongue, focusing on the most sensitive, juiciest areas of the woman’s body. Lowering her pussy over her plaything’s face, Keya ground back and forth across Merethyl’s lips while forcing her hands to her chest. As her lust swelled within her and she gushed her fluids over Merethyl’s gasping face, Keya dropped forward and tried to stuff as much of her tongue up the young elf’s slit. The session had no shortage of passion, even if it was entirely one-sided. Keya manipulated Merethyl’s body, forcing her to bestow the pleasure she desired while reciprocating it, much to Merethyl’s dismay.Merethyl did not attempt to fight off Keya’s attention. She’d seen what happened to those that tried to fight back. Her only chance would come from patience and endurance. Keya’s undead resolve and intense perversion stretched both to their limits. The sun had set by the time Keya’s boundless energy was finally spent, drawing her into a coma-like slumber beside her sweaty, traumatized victim. Merethyl remained frozen, half-entangled with her abuser, waiting for what felt like an eternity before she worked up the courage to try to slide free. Keya did not respond as she wiggled her way out from under the undead elf’s arm. She rolled and dropped off the side of the bed into a crouch, heart pounding in her chest. She stared hard at Keya, seeing not even a flicker of life from her. Her plan had worked. She was going to escape the horrors of the drow monsters for a third time.Reaching the front door, Merethyl eased the door open, wincing as the hinges creaked. She glanced back towards the bedroom, took a few breaths. When Keya didn’t come rushing out to chase her down, she pulled the door further open and stepped outside into the darkness. A storm had come in at some point, a heavy downpour washing the blood from the streets and stirring the dirt into sloshy mud pits. The thunder and cascade of heavy water concealed her sounds as she darted out into the shadows, hissing as the chilly rain soaked her naked flesh in moments. She darted her head from side to side, trying to see any of the undead elves lying in wait for her, but could see nothing. She could only hope that the risen nightmares had fucked themselves into inert states just like Keya had.Merethyl had not been in Selrensera long enough to know the layout of the town. In the darkness and the downpour, it made navigation even more difficult, her feet threatening to slip out from under her with each stride as she sloshed through the mud. She picked what looked like a direct route away from the majority of the town’s buildings and ran with as much speed as her tired legs could provide, simultaneously terrified and elated that she was once again going to regain her freedom.With her capability of surveying things around her limited due to the rain, Merethyl didn’t see the subtle patch of soggy leave-strewn road in front of her. The moment her foot came down on the leaves, the ground gave out beneath her. She shrieked as she fell into the waiting pit, tumbling end over end before landing in a soggy splat at the bottom. Lifting herself up, the young elf’s stomach turned as she eyed the pile of butchered corpses she’d landed amongst, all that remained of the residents of Selrensera. “No, no, no,” she whined, getting to her feet and rushing for the nearest side of the pit. She tried to jump up and grab onto the ledge, but the depth of the pit was far more than she was capable of getting out of. It didn’t help that each time she jumped, her feet sank deeper into the watery mud beneath her. Catching movement overhead, she tilted her head back and looked up to see Keya leering down at her. The undead elf’s pale nudity practically glowed in the darkness, her eyes lit up with amused arousal as she moaned softly and moved her hands over the petite curves of her body.“You wanted to keep me, right?” Merethyl gasped. “I’m sorry I ran, okay? Just pull me up and I can go back to being your slave. Please!” Even in the rain, the stench of the dead was stifling. She could feel a cold, lifeless husk pressing against the side of her leg, but she desperately fought against the urge to look down at it. She jumped for the ledge again, fingers digging into the muddy wall before her and leaving behind deep tracks through it as she slid back. Keya offered her no response beyond a wider grin and a motion of her hand, pointing to just behind Merethyl. The trapped elf turned her head slow, eyes growing wider with horror as she spotted the small group of undead men who’d been left to languish and rot away in the corpse pit.Keya slid a hand down between her thighs, rubbing two fingers through the cleft of her tingling cunt. Her lust spiked as she watched the four horny dead men pull Merethyl into their clutches. The girl had been a fun means of celebrating, but she’d never been anything more than that. She would be leading her horde further out into the world soon. It was time to finish exterminating the life within the town. She plugged her fingers up her slippery hole as Merethyl was pulled onto a rigid shaft. The young elf screamed loudly, arms flailing about wildly as her pussy was stuffed and viciously pounded. A second dead man gripped her by the hair and fed his member into her open mouth, plugging off her screams as he fucked her face. Merethyl’s body shifted roughly back and forth between the two undead as they violated her, working out the pent-up lust they’d developed since becoming trapped in the corpse pit.Cold spunk blasted into Merethyl at both ends. It bubbled from her stretched lips and leaked from her snatch. She was yanked up, groaning and sobbing, and tossed backwards. She landed across the corpse of a woman who’d had her throat slit and her gut split open. The pile of guts squished beneath her, giving her a gruesome reminder that the only thing left alive in the pit was her, and it was looking like she wouldn’t remain that way for long. Tears blurred her vision as heavier sobs crept through her, chest hitching from the hysterics consuming her. Her mind revolted against reality. I’m supposed to get away, she thought as another of the dead men dropped over her, finding his way into her cunt. Everyone around me dies, but I escape. That’s how it works!Merethyl’s twisted perception of the wicked world was realigned as the dead men took turns hammering into her aching snatch, pumping load after load into her sex. Up above, she could see Keya continuing to watch her, masturbating vigorously to the sight of her abuse. When her cunt became a gooey, loose sheath, the undead elves pulled Merethyl up and flung her forward onto her tits. Her face splashed into the mud. She tried to scramble away, not knowing where she could go, just operating on pure terrified instinct. The dead men caught up to her with ease even as they knocked into one another, racing to be the first to resume Merethyl’s string of rapes. The victor dropped down behind her, hefting her hips up and aiming his prick for her asshole. The young elf shrieked as her sphincter was stretched around the girth of the undead soldier. Snarling with annoyance, the dead man reached up and shoved Merethyl’s face back down into the mud, silencing her irritating screams.With the downpour showing no signs of stopping, the bottom of the corpse pit was a soggy soup of mud and blood. Merethyl’s mind was on the verge of coming apart at the seams. The rough ramming of her ass paired with her terror was enough to keep her screaming, right into the mud. Thick bubbles popped along the sides of her head as she expelled the limited contents of her lungs. Her hands slapped at the mud, stretching out to either side of her. One hand found a corpse, pawing along it until her fingers closed around a flaccid cock. She squeezed the cold flesh tightly, awkwardly jerking along its length as she breathed thick slop into her lungs. She jerked back to meet the thrusts of the dead man ass-fucking her, the spastic convulsions of her muscles providing him an extra bit of delight.Keya’s eyes rolled back, thumb mashing hard against her stiff clitoris as cunt honey drained down her quivering thighs. As the avalanche of bliss washed through her, she struggled to focus her vision on the fading shudders of the last living elf in Selrensera. Ramming three fingers up her slit, she fucked herself harder than the dead man in the pit was fucking Merethyl’s upraised ass. With a sharp cry, she yanked her sticky fingers free and unleashed a geyser of girl-cum into the pit, adding her fluids to the rainfall soaking the blend of lively and not-so-lively corpses below. Bringing her hand up to her mouth, Keya slurped at her juices, giving Merethyl’s limp form one final lingering look before turning away to gather her horde and lead them on to fresh victims.

This is an especially brutal story, filled with torture, rape, and snuff. Be sure this is a thing you want to read before continuing. Qi had thought that she couldn’t feel pain. A full day and change in the company of drow soldiers had taught her otherwise.Before today, she had never had a body… on the elemental plane she was nothing but sentient flame, and none of the times she had been summoned to this world in the past had her summoner commanded her to take a mortal form… but now that she had she found she had everything that went with it – like nerves… and lungs… and fuckable holes. And the drow were eager to take advantage of each of those things.The first six or seven hours hadn’t been too bad, she guessed. Being raped had been humiliating and painful, all the more so because of its novelty, but the real worst part for Qi wasn’t that they were cruel, or lustful, or eager… it was that they were flammable. These weaklings… she wanted to ignite, to turn them all into kindling, but she couldn’t. Every time she tried her will pressed against that of the drow wizard who had enslaved her and her sisters, and she found it as unyielding as anything Qi had ever encountered. The wizard’s will ordered her to obey, to harm no one, to stay dormant and unburning… so that was what she did, hating every second of it. It was actually painful to keep her flame this low… it was like a human holding their breath for hours and hours and only occasionally taking a tiny whisper of air.By the time the sun had gone down on that first day of the invasion her body was covered in cum until she wished she could burst into flame just to scorch it off her. She envied Tali that… anything that the drow put on her skin would get blown away by her churning wind before too long. At least she wasn’t as bad off as Shelan – at this point her water was filthy, choked with the filthy seed of a thousand rapists. Every single time a man came inside her, on her, around her – and every time she was forced down into any of their mess on the floor – it would became part of her. The water elemental’s belly seemed to bulge with it, and at a glimpse she seemed like she was made of more cum than water at this point.After that, things had gotten worse. They had started getting creative. Lei’s stone body was nearly invincible… but only nearly. The drow had started to drive things into it, staking her to the ground by their swords. She screamed almost constantly, feeling the agony of the injuries, but Earth couldn’t bleed… it wouldn’t kill her. Tali didn’t need to breath, Wind keeping her conscious, so the drow started finding other things for her to deep throat… the most recent that Qi had noticed has been the railing of a banister.  And for Shelan and herself…The drow couldn’t have known their history, that would have been impossible… but they couldn’t have created a more perfect torture if they had. It had started with one of them piercing Qi’s nipples, clit, and tongue with rings they had pulled off the dead summoners… real rings, not body jewelry. They were painfully, agonizingly thick, and she was forced to heat them to nearly white-hot by their commands, but it hadn’t seemed so bad compared to what Lei was suffering… until they had ordered Shelan to crawl on top of her and impale her own body on the piercings. Based on how she wept, Shelan could feel the pain of being pierced and spread by the searing hot metal, but her aqueous skin couldn’t keep them out – she could just sink them into her sensitive bits, but doing so pressed her body against Qi’s.Li and Tali, Qi had been aware of… but each had just been one more elemental among many. Shelan… Shelan she considered a friend. Someone she cared about. Someone she had wanted to be with. That the two of them were so different made it more forbidden, more impossible… but no less desirable for either of them. They couldn’t touch one another, not without excruciating pain, but they had spent centuries together, longing to be together. Now they were… in the most excruciating way possible.It was agonizing for them both. Even with Shelan doing her best to hold herself off Qi, the water cooled her skin, which hurt… but which also brought out her fire, stoking it, making her burn hotter to keep herself from going out. That made her feel even more like she was suffocating, but the worst part was how it hurt Shelan… making her insides boil. With their faces linked together, Qi could see the agony written in her lover’s eyes – while she was always aflame, she had never known how it felt to burn, but she suspected that her soul felt burned as she watched Water suffer.More than one of their drow captors enjoyed sticking their cocks between their joined faces, making them fight with their joined tongue to pleasure it. It must have been a marvelous experience for them… one mouth hot and welcoming, the other soaking wet and cool, both tongues drawing a brilliant contrast across the shaft they were servicing.That was merely humiliating, though. Their predicament got worse for them when they started raping them again, grinding their bodies together with each thrust. Tears dripped from Shelan’s face onto Qi’s, burst into agonizing spots of steam. She had longed to be clean, but not like this… Shelan’s body sliding against hers scraped all the cum off by taking it into her, and ever her holes were cleaned out regularly. When her holes got too sloppy they had Shelan pull herself off of the rings and crawl down to lick out her cunt and asshole. It was the most humiliating part, since while they had never had these mortal forms before today they had still longed so badly for intimacy in the past, and now they had it… in the worst possible way. Cleaning up Shelan was impossible since her holes were eternally “clean,” and it was only the insides of her body that were growing increasingly disgusting, but they made Qi do it anyway… her tongue turning water to steam inside of her holes and making her scream.The others were being fucked just as much. Tali had something shoved so far down her throat that it was in her stomach – it looked like a mace, from what Qi could see – and her body was being held up and fucked between two men. She never got to touch the ground – as soon as one man finished, another took her place immediately, holding her up. Qi had always envied the Wind it’s ability to fly… she had seen elementals like Tali soar through the sky for days without ever needing to touch the ground. It wasn’t how she would want to do it.Lei was still staked to the ground, but apparently the drow had gotten tired of fucking her in her present state. She wasn’t reactive enough, they said… it didn’t hurt her enough. While she was pinned, two drow had started beating her stones with hammers, spreading cracks through her form, before kneeling down and beginning to pry at them with knifes. To the side of her, Qi could see a pile of discarded stone… her outer layers. After that, she had screamed louder than anyone when being raped, or even at the slightest touch to her softer earth beneath. Did these monsters not realize that they had flayed Lei? Or did they, and that was why they so enjoyed it?By the time Koszar returned, Qi’s world had been reduced to a hell of rape and humiliation that felt like it had been going on forever. She just measured time in the number of times she had been allowed to breathe in and rekindle her flame… she had been allowed a mere thirty one breaths since she had been summoned – she wasn’t sure how long that amounted to but it was well more than a full day ago. The wizard stood smiling as he looked at the state his four playthings had ended up in. “We’re leaving,” he announced. “Heading back home with our prizes. Report to your commanders,” he instructed the soldiers, who obeyed with obvious reluctance, leaving him watching the four degraded elementals.“You all deserve to spend an eternity as fucktoys, but if I’m being honest that sounds like too much work. Keeping the four of you bound won’t be worth it… I only need one of you. So you’ve all been good little cumrags but now it’s time for three of you to die.”Qi froze at the words. Death…For an elf, death was a thing of dread, but a vague one. They might leave this world behind and move on to another one, where they didn’t know what awaited them, but that was an indistinct worry, a general fear. For Qi, she knew exactly what waited for her. Slain elementals went back to their plane of existence Shattered – they might not be able to die as mortal did, but their consciousness, their sentience, would fade as they were splintered into thousands of pieces of elemental energy: Individual embers off a flame, random drops of water, spare blades of grass or specs of dirt. She would spend an eternity in mindless agony. She would do anything to avoid that fate. Any elemental would.Shelan cried out as she ripped her body off the piercings again in the instant before Qi felt the press of Koszar’s will again as well. She stood, walking with the others until she stood where he wanted… directly across the room from Lei. The Earth Elemental’s beautiful body was every bit as covered with seed as her as own had been before Shelan had needed to clean her, and she had slowly healing holes in her body from where she had ripped her way free of stakes. As she looked appraisingly at the other Elemental, the restriction keeping her from igniting suddenly faded away and abruptly Qi could BREATHE again. She took great gasping breaths for the first time in hours and hours and hours, her smoldering hair bursting into flame as the inferno inside her was allowed to rage again.“So…” Koszar said with a shrug. “Like I said, I only need one. You two…” he said, pointing at Shelan and Tali, then at Lei and Qi. “And you two… kill each other. Spending the rest of a drow lifetime as a sex slave might not sound like the most dignified fate, but it’s what the one left standing earns. The rest of you will be well beyond dignity by then.” He gestured at them. “So go ahead. Get started. Try not to make a mess.”Qi didn’t want to do this… but she wanted to die even less. Apparently Lei thought the same, because Earth took the choice out of her hand an instant later as she rushed at her. The flaming woman was knocked to the ground… Lei was nearly an unstoppable force. Despite her lithe, feminine body, she still weighed thousands of pounds of stone and dirt and she crushed Qi against the stones. She felt her fire starting to go out as it was smothered, the woman wrapping her impossibly strong hands around her neck and squeezing.“I’m sorry…” Lei whispered, leaning more of her weight down onto Qi and squeezing harder. “I’m so sorry about this.” Her eyes were green gemstones, but Qi felt that she could see them leaking something anyway… dust seeping out of her eyesockets. What passed for tears from Earth.“I’m… sorry… too,” Qi moaned. Then she grabbed onto Lei’s wrists and let the fire still inside her burn. She had gotten to breath in deeply, and after the last day of deprivation it felt like she had an endless amount of oxygen to burn, stoking the flames inside of her, and while Lei was nearly unstoppable, nearly indestructible, it was only nearly.Qi poured all of her heat into her forearms, wrists, and hards… letting it flow through her hands, through her neck, through her smoldering hair… pouring it into her, firing the individual bits of her earth together into one solid, brittle mass. She started to scream and let go, backing off… Qi didn’t let her. She kept her grip on the screaming elemental, pouring more and more heat into her. Now that she could breathe openly she fanned the flames hotter and hotter, pouring more heat into Lei with every breath she took.“Please!” Lei begged between screeches. Her body was hardening, becoming one solid piece… Qi’s heat was scorching her into a solid piece of slag, fused like a clay sculpture into position. “Please, Qi, don’t do this!”“Sorry…” Qi whispered. Then she breathed deeply one more time and heat exploded off her in a wave, hot enough that Koszar needed to raise one hand a summon a magical ward to keep it off him. Lei screamed again, struggling weakly… Then she was silent, and moved no more. Qi stepped back, panting as she rekindled her exhausted flame. Lei looked like a statue… a beautiful black and gray elf woman, frozen in a startlingly realistic expression of pain and terror, her hands up to defend her naked body… and helpless to do so.Koszar stepped up, running one hand over the sculpture and smiling. How she longed to burn him as well… but even thinking about it caused the binding of will on her to take her breath away again, leaving her gasping and in pain. “She’s still alive in there,” he said slowly with a smile, moving one finger back and forth across her eyes. Indeed, Qi could see he was right… now that it was quiet she could hear the woman’s nearly silent screams, echoing breathlessly from within the sealed, immobile tomb that Fire had turned her body into. The woman would almost certainly rather be Shattered…It was quiet. Wait. That meant…She turned, eyes horrified… and located Tali with difficulty. The nearly transparent woman was on the ground, barely alive… it was easier to make her out when you could follow the lines of her form, but she was so badly mangled that it was hard to do. Shelan, somehow, was woven herself in between the woman’s windsteams, cutting them off… and severing her limbs from her body. The dying woman lay on the ground now, her blowing breeze sounding more like a deathrattle with each passing second.Shelan looked well. Tired, worried, but unhurt. On one hand, Qi was happy to see that. On the other… it would have been so much easier for Qi to live with herself if Tali had managed to kill Shelan. Qi didn’t want to have to be the one to do it.Koszar walked over to the dying Wind elemental and tsked. Then he pulled a box, opened it… and Tali seemed to just… vanished into it. The limbless girl seemed to disappear like she was never there, her limbs left behind on the ground to slowly dissolve, blowing away with the moving air with Tali gone. Then he turned to the two surviving elementals. “So, which of you wants to spend the rest of my life as a cumdump? One more little death, and you get to have an eternity ahead of you. Or your story could end right here. What do you say?”Qi started to burn. She was sorry, but Shelan was already a cumsoaked wreck… she could barely be called a Water elemental at all anymore. She seemed like she was more seed and blood and sweat and dirt than she was Water… what would life be like as that? She would be doing Shelan a mercy by killing her, and… and…And it was better Shelan than her.She rushed at her lover, breathing hard and stoking the flames, waves of heat making a mirage of the ground around her as she pushed her burning body against that of Shelan. It hurt her, and she hissed with the pain… but half of Shelan’s body exploded into steam and the woman screamed. She needed to keep her mouth closed, keep her nose away from her Water… she couldn’t let the woman get inside her. She would boil the woman away, long before her own flames could be taken out. She would survive as long as she… could…Why wasn’t Shelan even trying?Oh the disgraced elemental was screaming and struggling to get away, was wresting with the flaming woman… but she wasn’t trying to hurt her. She was… she was letting Qi win. That made sense, Qi thought… she didn’t want to live like this, right? She didn’t want to live as a disgraced mess, a ruin of her glorious, beautiful, wonderful self that Qi loved… she would rather die than…Than hurt her.Qi made her decision. Before she could second guess herself she shoved her head forward where she hoped the wizard wouldn’t see it, putting her face against where the collarbone would be on a normal woman… and breathed in. She swallowed the filthy water that made up Shelan’s body now, all of the cum that had been poured into her, breathing it it, letting it fill her stomach and her lungs… letting all the cum that had been used to defile Shelan and herself smother her flames. Shelan, horrified, tried to pull away but Qi held onto her… she wasn’t steaming anymore. Qi’s skin wasn’t any hotter than a normal beings anymore. Her flames sputtered and flickered… and died.Shelan stood over Qi’s corpse in horror, her filthy hands covering her mouth. It wasn’t… this wasn’t how it was supposed to happen. She wasn’t… it wasn’t supposed to go like this! Qi was the strong one, the brave one… she should have been the one who won. Not weak, pathetic Shelan…Koszar walked over and prodded Qi with his foot. “Think she’s done,” he said with a smile. “Mostly.” He took a knife and Shelan winced as he stabbed it into Qi’s chest, cutting deeper into her, towards where the heart would be in a normal woman. Then she gestured with his hands and his magic seemed to peel the woman open like a present. If Shelan had been mortal, she would have vomited. Instead she could only watched as he reached down and picked out a tiny glowing ember… one single spark left of the glorious fire that had been her love. He held it between his fingers like he would pinch it… then he shrugged and opened a tiny potion jar, dropping the ember inside. “Could be useful,” he said as he turned and grinned at Shelan. “So let me welcome you to your new life…” He reached for the back of her head, grabbing her and yanking her forward until he had buried his cock in her mouth, impaling himself down her throat before he began to piss. Shelan felt the hot flood of acrid piss splash against the back of her mouth, and her entire body shuddered in disgust. She didn’t even have the option to try to refuse to drink it… the moment it splashed against her skin she took int into herself, absorbing it and including it into her water. She moaned in helpless humiliation at her newest humiliation, her lips sealed tight around his shaft while he just kept pissing. She couldn’t spit it out, couldn’t swallow it, couldn’t pull away… her body gulped in the foul waste until he was finally – finally – done.He pulled back out of her throat, rubbing his cock on her soft, wet tongue as he wrung out the last few drops. “Yeah,” Koszar said with a nod. “You’ll do. I’ll never have to piss anywhere else from now on.”Shelan felt profaned… even more than she had after hours and hours of sexual abuse. Was this was Qi had sacrificed herself for? For her to be used as the drow’s stinking toilet? She hoped that her lover would never have to see what she was turned into by this wizard.Grinning, he shoved his cock down down her throat and began to fuck it. “It’s a long trip back to home, plaything,” Koszar said as he thrust in and out of his new toy’s mouth. “And I can’t wait to introduce you to some of the accommodations I have in mind for you…”Ciliren Naera was amongst a very elite group… she was a resident of Soleila who’d lived beyond the drow invasion. Every inch of her body ached, her mind dulled from the shocking number of violations she’d endured since her capture. She could not fathom what made her special enough to keep alive, but she had no doubt that the drow had seen something in her that they desired to such an extent that they wished to maintain it. As she was carried through the conquered city she had called home her entire life, she was stunned by the sheer amount of death she could see, and the shockingly low number of fellow prisoners. Such a short time ago, Soleila had boasted a population of over a million elves. Now, as Ciliren was dragged from the city and into the crowd of other prisoners, she counted maybe only a few thousand captives, all of them women.A thought suddenly popped into the weary elf’s mind. The majority of the drow she could see were all males. The soldiers being men made sense, but they seemed to have a good deal more swagger to their steps than she’d ever seen before, and even amongst the higher ranks, she’d only spotted a single woman. It was a strange sight, considering the drow had primarily been a female-led race for as long as she’d known. Something happened, she thought. Maybe a gender-specific plague. Oh goddess, they’re taking us to breed with. The thought of being kept as little more than cattle, endlessly fucked and forced to squeeze out half-breed children for her new rulers sickened her more than the montage of rape she’d already endured. She wondered if perhaps she was already impregnated. The odds were high, given the vast amount of cum that had been pumped into her. Ciliren made a silent vow to herself to do whatever she could to prematurely end any pregnancy the drow caused, even if the cost was her own life. Better to die than to let them use her in such a sick fashion.She walked out of the city alongside her sister… pleased at least that while their mother and father had both been killed, at least sweet Kyla had survived. She wasn’t going to be alone. Even chained in a group, staring at the ground in broken dismay, at least she wasn’t alone.“Ah, the spoils of war,” a voice said. Ciliren looked up to see a group of soldiers marching by, a regiment of a hundred that paused behind their leader. Most drow were fairly small and lithe, like her own race was… not this one at the head of the soldiers. If she had to guess, someone in his lineage had bred with an ogre – the man was almost seven feet tall, and nearly as broad as two of her at the shoulders. For all of that, he was beautiful in a cruel way… like a statude carved out of sharp obsidian. “Making sure no one was alive in the city was tiring work… I think we deserve a break. And I need a piss.”“Which one do you want, commander Raelar?” one of his subordinates asked. None of the naked elves dared to meet their enslavers lecherous leers as they looked over the assembled group.The one called Raelar let his gaze wander across the wagon. “Vhaerun has blessed us with quite the choice… these surface sluts had plenty of daughters for us to fuck.” Raelar searched some more, then his grin widened. “That one!” he declared… pointing right towards Kyla’s cowering figure. Ciliren looked on in horror as a group of soldiers detached her sister’s shackles from the chain. She longed to fight… but she had seen what fighting got the women of her city. If she fought, they would hurt her… maybe kill her. And then her sister would be violated again anyway. Better to have it done with. She was locked in her chains, able to do nothing but witness her sisters cruel fate. Even the chains had stopped dragging her forward as the next group up ahead had reached one of the distant wagons she could see around.The drow deposited Kyla at their commander’s feet. Surrounded by the dark skinned elves and their massive commander, the naked girl looked even smaller and more vulnerable. She shivered as if arctic winds blew against her bare skin. “What a sexy, little fuck-toy!” one exclaimed and licked his lips wantonly.Kyla kept her chin downcast as tears started streaming down her pallid cheeks. With perverse curiosity their hands reached out and started molesting her petite, adolescent body. The drow groped and fondled her fertile curves with cruel smile. The elf was little more than a child by the standards of her race, a mere forty years old. To a human, she wasn’t even finished with adolescence yet. Her breasts had already grown large and fertile, though, and they attracted many hands from her captors. Kyla promised to be a legendary beauty when she grew older.The massive commander dropped his pants. Ciliren sobbed to see his cock, nearly as much as Kyla did. Long and monstrously fat, it looked like a battering ram, thicker than Kyla’s forearm. Her sister began to weep when she saw it. “Please!” Ciliren screamed despite herself. “Leave her alone! Take me instead!” The few other enslaved girls brave enough to watch this far averted their eyes as the Drow commanded looked at her… and smiled.“No.” His hands gripped her shoulders and shoved her down to her knees. “Anyone made you drink piss yet, whore?”Kyla’s eyes widened. “N-n-no!” she stuttered. “I can’t… you can’t!”“I’m pleased to be your first, then,” Raelar said as he slapped his cock against her lips. “Open up.” He glared down at her as she kept her jaw stubbornly closed. “I said open your fucking mouth, latrine-girl.”Kyla shook her head in mute horror, keeping her lips pressed tightly together. Raelar’s face broke into a leering, cruel smile. “Alright then,” he said with obvious pleasure. “This whore think’s she’s too good to be our toilet… so that’s exactly what she’s going to be for the rest of her life.” He gripped her jaw and began to squeeze. “This little whore… and all the rest of you!” he said, raising in voice as he swept his gaze over the others, locking on Ciliren for a moment to give her an especially cruel grin, “…is going to learn the cost of defiance.” And his strong hand shook as he squeezed.Kyla’s jaw popped open under his massive strength, and she screamed… but he didn’t stop squeezing. The beautiful blonde elf’s scream grew higher and higher in pitch as he squeezed her in his hand. When her jaw gave, Ciliren could hear the crack from over here, and she wept savagely. “Please, leave her alone!” she cried out, her pleas ignored but all of the drow – their gazes fixed on the sobbing Kyla. She knelt on the ground in agony, her hands bound behind her back, her jaw hanging loosely open… broken, unable to be closed. “Piss whore,” Raelar mocked as he hefted his huge, half-erect python towards the trembling lips of the elf girl. “Take this, you bitch!” A monstrous stream of hot, gushing urine was unleashed out from his bulbous cockhead. Piss soaring through the air landed in Kyla’s open and splashed against her recipient tongue. The impact made dark, murky urine splash in all different directions. The runny fluid crashed against her teeth, gums, lips, the palate of her mouth, as well as the fleshy mucus membrane that made up the most of the internal surface of her oral cavity. The young girls eyes widened and bulged madly as she was turned into a urinal. All around her other drow soldier began their gruff, condescending laughter. Kyla looked terrified to Ciliren’s eyes, her jaw hanging brokenly open as the foul liquid bombarded her tongue with its hefty stream. Every drop of his ejected piss finding its way into her face-hole, acrid urine filled every nook and cranny of Kyla’s mouth until she could taste nothing else. It befouled her tongue and ran through the miniscule cracks of her teeth. Such was the force of his stream that it began to gush down her gullet even before she willingly swallowed. Foul urine sluice down Kyla’s narrow throat with such strength that she could practically feel it splattering into the sack of her stomach.Raelar towered over her, forming a monolith of ebon muscle. “Keep swallowing that piss surface whore! Swallow my… piss!” Ciliren could smell it even from where she stood in line. Her sister was gagging as she chugging it all down. Such was the quantity that it seemed to pour down her esophagus was like a waterfall as he kept going, his bladder emptying over long seconds… passing twenty, and the stream showed so sign of slowing. Kyla’s repulsed, panicky eyes grew more and more mortified as the outflow continued, as all around her the other drow soldier pulled out their dicks and moved to her flank. Kyla’s frightened eyes began to twitch involuntarily in terror as she saw them take aim at her opened mouth. Only the hands on her kept her from squirming out of the way as more urin surged through that collection of cocks and into her mouth. “That’s right,” one of them growled. “Swallow all that piss or die slowly bitch! I’ll flay your tits myself and drag you across the ground the whole way down to Menzoberranzan if that’s what it takes you kill you…” Kyla gagged and gurgled from the sheer excruciating effort it took to ingest all the disgusting piss. Her throat labored constantly to consume it, but after each hurried gulp, the free space in her mouth was refilled almost instantly. Tense silence filled the air, filled only by the sobbing of girls in line and the wet splashing of urine as the other soldiers watched and waited for their turn. “Kyla… Kyla… no…” Ciliren whispered in awe and anxiety as she watched her little sister gulp down swallow after swallow of disgusting, yellow piss. Her heart thrummed anxiously for it to end. The despoilment dragged on for over a minute before their streams finally begun to wane in intensity. At last only a few irregularly fired jets was propelled from their dried up bladders. “Au-uhhhhhhhh…!” The drow moaned in unison as if that had been the single most satisfactory leak in their life. Raelar grinned. “Filled you up like a bucket with our piss, elf-bitch! You’re nothing but a container for whatever a drow wants to give you… and if you’re not worth our cum, you can be a common latrine instead.” He stared down at the elf. The tribulation of even those three of them had taken its toll on Kyla. She appeared wobbly and dazed as if intoxicated – Her eyes were glassy and unfocused as the drow around her laughed at her. So much acrid urine now splashed around in her tiny belly that Kyla looked about ready to vomit it all back out. All around her, soldier laughed and stroked their cocks as they watched the lithe young elf wallowing in shame and nausea.“Yes…” Raelar mused, “A common, public toilet. A piss-bucket ready to be filled to the brink by every soldier in the camp in the battalion.” He turned to look at the assembled soldiers. “This disrespectful bitch thinks she’s too good for piss. She’s now your piss-bucket. No one takes a leak except in her mouth. Show these haughty bitches what we think of them by filling up one of their precious daughters with so much piss that her belly bursts!”   Ciliren looked on in horror as about twenty-five drow warriors surrounded Kyla, each seeking to become the next soldier in line to dump a bucket of piss inside her. Kyla just stared ahead, her eyes unfocused. To her sister, it seemed like she was already mentally destroyed and now struggling to not spew up all the fluids already deposited inside her guts. “Kyla!!! NOOO!!!! Kyla!!!” Ciliren screamed in unbelievable grief. She shook the chains holding her in place like a caged animal, like she was trying to break them with sheer willpower. Useless. In front of Kyla, the drow had already formed an semi-orderly line. Weakly, her sister tried to squirm away, but Raelar was right there, holding her skull immobilized on the spot. Kyla had about as good a chance to get out of his grip as Ciliren had breaking down the steel of her chains.“Alright! Fill this bitch up!” Raelar commanded the first of his men. The drow wasn’t nearly as large as his commander, but his cock still seemed huge and cruel to Ciliren as he inserted it past Kyla’s forcefully gaping lips. Then he began to piss directly down her gullet. Tons of it splashed down into her. “Your innards will be nothing but sewage canals when this is over, elf whore… you’ll be right at home in the gutters of your husk of a city…”Her throat labored frantically in panic to gulp down all of his quickly flooding bladder-fluid. Through stares she started begging the drow to stop. Her bloodshot, weeping eyes pathetically pleading with him only gave the drow a thrill, and by the time the last drops of urine was expelled from his cock, Kyla’s eyes instead shone with hopelessness and defeat. Somehow she knew any kind of pleading this day were to be in vain. It felt as if the masses of piss inside her begun to bubble and boil. Kyla coughed with an gutturally edge, then did so again. Then she began to heave, spewing out dark, murky urine from her mouth.“Next!” Raelar roared as he still held her, totally uncaring. A muscular soldier stepped forth and clogged Kyla mouth with his broad cock-shaft, effectively stopping the violent outpour. Kyla’s eyes bulged madly as the insertion was made. Suddenly the regurgitating fluids ceased flowing. With nowhere to go it started surging back down into her stomach sack.The drow soldier made sure replacements were made for the already lost liquids. From his buried meat, a new batch of warm, bitter piss began spraying down her gullet. So much more urine arrived to stir up the pot. Kyla felt herself go insane. Like his predecessors, the drow soldier discharged his urine at a furious pace. Scorching hot piss flooded down into the pool inside Kyla’s stomach and mingled with the foulness already there. The amount of piss that Kyla had expelled from her packed belly was quickly accounted for. Her esophagus was now nothing more than a pipeline of constantly streaming urine. She gagged and choked on the acrid liquid that scalded the walls of her throat as it was sluiced down.“Still think you’re too good for piss?” Raelar asked her with a chuckle.There was a grumble from Kyla’s stomach. Then the unimaginable happened as slowly, her guts began to inflate and distend outward as if growing. What was once a perfectly flat stomach became bloated and swollen in a saggy manner. Ciliren’s screams ceased in her growing horror as she bore witness to the effects of the abominable torture… already her sister looked pregnant!  Kyla reddened face twisted and contorted painfully from sheer discomfort. Her eyes trembled as her belly grew. She lost complete control of herself. In an instinctual effort to make space inside her body she released her own piss onto the ground. Even with her bladder stuffed to the point of distending Kyla’s stream was a meek and meager compeered to the violent gushes of the soldiers. “Hahaha! The piss-bucket is leaking!” someone loudly taunted from the line. “Hold it in there once your done,” Raelar grunted as he smirked, amused by the cruel torture. As the current soldier finished, he kept his cock lodged down her throat. He slapped her distressed, agonizingly contorted face a couple of time, smiling at the torturous pain appearing in her expression as he did so… but so plugged up, none of the fluids trapped inside of her could escape. He waited until the next soldier got into position before he withdrew his clogging cock. Almost like a pressurized bottle suddenly uncorked, piss began to geyser out of Kyla’s freed mouth. Then the next soldier standing over Kyla’s kneeling body thrust forward, his marauding dick completely blocking off her throat. It quelled the surging stream and forced it back down into the outstretched innards they came from.Much murky urine had been expelled during the intense regurgitation, but it wasn’t even enough to make Kyla’s tummy deflate back to normal. The young elf’s eyes trembled madly, both from extreme disgust and agony over all the copious masses swelling her stomach, as well as the terrifying fact that there was a lot more coming. An agitated, foreboding twitch came from the engorged and piss-itching horse-organ. “Uuuhh… take this you bitch! I love to feel a slaves lips around my cock as I’m pissing,” the drow snarled. Kyla’s eyes went wide and yet another torrent from his bladder poured down her gulping gullet with relentless and unyielding speed. “NOO!!! It’s too much! You’re killing her!” Ciliren wailed on her sisters behalf. She didn’t lie. If Kyla wasn’t immobilized by Raelar’s inhumanly strong hands she would be shaking her head like an crazed animal to escape.More and more of the immense amounts of piss the busy soldiers seem to have accumulated was dumped into Kyla through his cock. To Kyla, it felt as if sizzling acid was being chugged down her throat that fried away at her sensitive esophagus. Kyla’s eyes rolled and wobbled helplessly at the burning pain of it. That she wanted it to end was as clear as day. That it was obliterating her mind was just as obvious.“Drink that piss bitch!” one of the drow mocked. “Your nothing but a worthless, living toilet!”The flow seemed endless and refused to wane in intensity. Ciliren imagined she could actually hear the sound of the newly deposited urine splashing tumultuously into the large pool of piss already lodged inside Kyla’s bloated stomach-sack. The already saggy, distended belly kept expanding outward, the growth rapid enough that Ciliren’s eyes widened with unbelieving awe. Kyla was so stuffed with the vile mix of several different drow’s warm and murky urine that she appeared bloated with an unborn child of nine-months! But that was not the end of it, the swelling kept growing.“Stop this!” Ciliren cried out. “You want her as a slave right! You’re going to kill her! Please, goddess, stop! STOP IT NOW!” A heartbroken Ciliren bellowed, weeping on her sisters behalf.For the first time, Raelar directly turned to look at her. “I know,” he mocked. “You’re all replaceable. If she wanted to live, she should have swallowed by piss like a good girl. Now this latrine is going to be filled… all the way.” As Raelar spoke, Kyla’s eye-lids fluttered rapidly as if consumed by the pain-inducing sea that swooshed around in her belly. The drow inside her finally finished, and his cock simply slid out of Kyla’s piss-lubed throat as he backed off. Kyla commenced purging the piss in her again, more violently than ever. “Hey! Next man up! Don’t let the fucking piss-bucket empty herself! Jam your dicks down her throat and plug up that hole!” An annoyed Raelar ordered.Yet again, a soldier stepped again. Yet again, he stuck his monstrous cock down her throat, clogging it shut. Once again, he started to piss, and yet again, any loss of piss during her frantic heaving was quickly replaced. And again. And again. Ciliren kept wailing as frenetically as ever, But Kyla spirit seemed to be leaving her. Her harrowed eyes were no longer panicky and pleading, but vacant and glossy. There was no animation to her body, no squirm or struggle against Raelar’s grip. Lifeless acceptance was all that meet the pissing soldiers. Kyla state was an abomination that had to be seen. “Fuck waiting! I can’t hold it anymore!” one of the soldiers said, walking toward her.” He took Raelar place behind her, his cock like a rod of iron as he shoved it brutally up her ass. It was a testament to the distress that Kyla was in that she barely seemed to react to the brutal penetration… but instead of fucking her, that drow also began to piss. Then when he finished, another man took his place as well.It went on and on for a long time. No breaks were taken from swelling Kyla’s lithe, girlish frame with urine. A helpless Ciliren could do nothing but continue her perpetual screaming. Her lamentations were like victory trumpets to them. But she could not stop – she was beside herself with grief and sorrow for her disfigured sisters cruel fate. She was supposed to have her sister with her! She was supposed to not be alone! They needed to finish… finish pissing in her while she was still alive! The line had begun moving again, but not far. She could still look back and watch… All of her attention on her brutally violated sister. It appeared the last of the soldiers had finally emptied his bladder inside her. Raelar’s drawn-out lesson was at last completed. Kyla now leaked urine from every orifice… but there was no pressure to the outflow any longer. No internal muscle contractions that sent piss gushing out of her flooded systems. Instead, runny yellow liquids leaked and sipped out of her urethra, mouth, anus, nose and as well as her ears at a slow, casual pace. Droplets of it even emerged as tears in her unmoving eyes. Her stomach was still horrifically bloated though – jam-packed with what could be a bathtub of salty urine. The ground around her now resembled a swampland of piss. The grass was all soggy and damp from the liquid masses that had escaped from her between sessions. The drow behind her released her skull… and no motion came from Kyla’s defiled and distended body. She knelt there as lifeless as a thoroughly saturated puppet. Raelar stepped over in front of his captive, and delivered a kick to Kyla chest that sent her bloated body falling to its back into the swampy ground. His dick was hard and eager, the bulbous head already glossy with pre-cum as he got down in-between the spread thighs of his no longer struggling rape-victim… and Ciliren was dragged away, still sobbing.As she left the horror of her sister’s fate behind, Ciliren ignored the screams she could hear from all around her, faint and distant. They seemed like hollow, empty things, compared to the fate she had just witnesses for her sister, the knowledge she would have to live in the world that didn’t have Kyla in it. Slowly, however, she became aware enough of her surroundings to notice something odd – Wagons stacked high with coffins. She’d seen nothing in the drow that indicated they would care enough to bury even their own dead, let alone those of the kingdom they’d just crippled. Which made the presence of the coffins baffling, all the more so because there seemed to be so many of them. Perhaps a macabre method of transporting whatever treasures they’d looted from the city back to their own kingdom. The coffins were large and, judging by the fact that ogres were being tasked with hefting them up onto the reinforced wagons, they weighed a significant amount.Ciliren discovered the true contents of the coffins soon enough as the drow tasked with escorting her and the three other captives beside her brought them to one of the partially loaded wagons. After what she had just witnessed, the elf thought that nothing would ever be able to horrify her again. She should not have underestimated the drow. Four oversized coffins were lined up and open, waiting for their arrival. Her muscles locked up as she peered into the wooden box, finding any elf’s worst nightmare waiting for her within. A troll, arms locked up across his chest, eyes bulging with psychotic mindlessness and bulging prick fully erect. It was a sight that had not been seen in the elvish lands for at least a thousand years. Their boundless egos had led the elves to believe they’d hunted the foul creatures into extinction, but instead, they’d simply driven then into the Underdark to be a burden on the drow. And while the trolls had caused the drow much strife over the years, they did possess a certain unique value that could be capitalized on.Irae had done just that. Taking advantage of the trolls’ regenerative abilities, she’d had several thousand of the things captured and brutally tortured until they’d gone completely insane. From there, she’d had them securely bound and fitted into the specially designed coffins, where they could languish in the dark when they weren’t being used. Seeing the light again for the first time in quite a while, the trolls were quite excited. Doubly so as each one of them was gaining a roommate for the long trip back into drow territory. Ciliren remained frozen, watching as the captives beside her were bound up tightly before being lowered into the coffins. The trolls did not possess much range of movement, but they didn’t need it. The drow soldiers were kind enough to ensure that each of the women were securely stuffed onto an oversized troll prick before the coffin lids were slammed closed and sealed shut.A terrible shuddering crept through Ciliren’s body as the soldiers started to bind her. Fear and hopelessness kept her feet planted where they were even as everything in her mind screamed at her to run. She could not take her eyes off the troll that she would soon be getting an intimate introduction to. He was lanky, the time in the coffin had softened much of his muscle definition. Not that it mattered. The only muscle she was concerned about still looked perfectly healthy. His cock was easily sixteen inches in length and as thick as her forearm at the slimmest point. Bulging veins crept down the length of his shaft, leading to the swollen purple head of his cock. It looked more like a huge clenched fist than any penis she’d laid eyes on before. How it was going to fit into her, she didn’t know, but she was filled with the terrible certainty that it would fit. As her future stared her in the face, a sudden, chilling realization crept through her. The screaming. The persistent howls of agony and terror permeating the air around her. She’d thought they’d been coming from Soleila, but they weren’t. They were coming from the sealed coffins, each of them containing an elf woman getting brutally raped by an insane troll.Ciliren’s breath grew rapid as the drow hauled her towards the coffin waiting for her. She was turned away from the troll and lowered backwards into the open box. The thing’s warm flesh pressed against her backside, thick cock sliding between her thighs, already angled towards her defenseless slit. One of the drow soldiers slapped a handful of grease across her cunt to lubricate it in advance of the daunting penetration while another took hold of the troll’s dick in both hands to line up the tip with her pussy. With the alignment set, the drow moved back. One of them offered Ciliren a mocking wave goodbye before the lid was dropped closed, immersing her in darkness. The bang of the wood set the elf off, unleashing the screams trapped in her chest. She could feel the pulse of the troll’s member against her sensitive sex, primed to fuck its way into the tight sheath. The psychotic creature let out a disturbingly childish giggle, shifting from side to side beneath her before giving up on trying to get his arms free and instead focusing on the molestation he could give her. Flexing his hips, he rammed the fist-shaped head of his cock against her greased cunt lips, maintaining a firm pressure until the flesh parted for him. Ciliren’s eyes rolled back as her screams were momentarily fucked away, the battering ram of a cock bashing its way up through her cervix.Ekyulei felt like she had no soul left. Her life had once been a proud thing. She had been born in the palace… not a royal, true, but she had grown up alongside them. Syllana had been her best friend… the two had grown up together, played together, been tutored together. When her friend had begun her martial training, putting herself on the path that would lead to her commanding the armies of Soleila, she hadn’t followed… but she had stayed close by joining the priesthood. Soon, her closeness to the royal family had paid off… she had earned a place in the palace chapel, maintaining its shrine to the Corona, close to those in power and away from the stiffling gaze of the high priestess. A place that let her indulge in her vices out of sight.She had still… technically… been a virgin, but she and Syllana had spent many of their nights in bed together. It would have been forbidden if anyone knew, so they had kept it a secret. Her parents hadn’t even known. At a glimpse, people sometimes couldn’t have told her and the princess apart… she even had the red hair of the royal line that made the other princesses jealous. She had been a holy woman, a lover and a friend, an advisor to the royal family. She had been important!Now she was a cock-sleeve.Ekyulei had avoided death so many times already. Her minor magical talent had earned her her place in the city, rather than in an outlying town where the drow had struck first. Her friendship with the royal family and high birth had kept her in the palace, so she hadn’t died with the other priestesses to the assassins who roamed the city the night before the city was invaded. Her lack of martial strength, and the fact that she hadn’t had a weapon, had kept her from being summarily cut down when the palace was raided, or when the guards of the royals were executed. And her exquisite beauty had kept her alive through her captivity.When she had first been raped, right in the palace chapel, Ekyulei had been forced to face facts – the real reason she hadn’t found the invaders, the real reason she hadn’t followed her friend into military service. There had been weapons in the chapel… magical artifacts of the royal line, sacred weapons that existed to defend the elven people. She could have picked one up and fought. Even if they had killed her for it, it would have been a better fate than a life of rape and slavery, certainly… But Ekyulei was a coward. As she had lay on the ground, weeping and begging for her life while a thick drow cock stole her virginity, she had realized that about herself. She was horrified by the thought of dying. She was under a century old… she could live to see a thousand! She couldn’t die practically a child! When their cocks came near her face, she opened her mouth. When they came near her hands, she stroked them. She was going to be the best whore in the world if it meant getting to live.The next day, when the royals were being executed, she’d crawled between a dozen drow watching from the top of a building. The day after, when the drow had begun to be tired of simple rape, she had been their painslut… eagerly masturbating while they whipped her until she inspired them to fuck her again. And now, when she arrived at the wagons and saw the waiting trolls, she swore she would do anything, anything at all if they didn’t let those monstrous things rape her to death.That was how, when the drow had promised to leave her behind in Soleila when they finished with her instead of having her endure the long ride back down to Menzoberranzan in the darkness and horror, Ekyulei had found herself laying on the back of one of the wagons with a drow shitting in her mouth.The taste was indescribably foul… but she forced herself to swallow the whole thing, her fingers never stopping playing with herself. She had to cum… she had to cum before they finished using her like a toilet, or it would be down to the Underdark in the coffin for her. She tried to ignore the taste, the thought of what she was doing, but it was pervasive… it distracted her from even the shreds of pleasure she could get from playing with her sore, horribly raped hole. She wept as she swallowed, choking down the filth and hating every more with every passing second… but she wanted to live. Needed to live. She had already degraded herself so much… what was jsut a little bit more? If she could be free, it would all be worth it! She could see the coffin… her coffin with the troll inside, glaring at her eagerly.The next drow moved up and took a piss on her face… it made an ever bigger mess in her mouth, but she was grateful that at least it gave her a few seconds longer to swallow before… He crouched down over her, and she squinted her eyes shut tight as she tried to ignore the smell and the taste. Cum you fucking whore, Ekyulei… cum you shit faced whore. Cum, cum, cum and live you worthless coward, you worthless whore. Cum… Her fingers fucked herself every bit as hard as any of the drow had. Cum Ekyulei, cum you little fucking whore or die like the rest of them, little shit faced cumming whore, cumming, cumming!Ekyulei screamed around the shit in her mouth as her body jerked as she came to her own utter defilement, laying panting on the back of the wagon. She barely even noticed as the final drow moved over to use her as a latrine… it was strange, but she managed to take a little bit of pride in her utter lack of pride – her completely defilement and degradation. Most of the others were too proud to so degrade themselves… and where had it gotten them? A shallow grave, or a life as a fucktoy. Not her… she was going to be free. She didn’t even complain as the fifth drow filled her mouth with shit, even though she had already done what they asked.Then they drow lifted her up and dragged her towards the open coffin.“No!” she tried to scream around her mouth fuck of shit. “You promised! You promised!”The drow soldier laughed as he bound her arms behind her back and began to push her into the open coffin. “I did… I promised you I’d leave you behind in the city when we left… and I will! I never said anything about saving you from the troll.”Ekyulei screamed in horror as she felt the troll’s monstrous cock begin to impale her cum-slicked pussy. They were going to… leave her behind? Ties in this coffin with the troll… where no one would ever be coming back for her? “Please… take me with you!” she begged. “I can be a good slave! I’ll be the best whore in the whole city for you!”The drow soldier just looked at her with disgust. “And who wants a whore with a mouth full of shit?” he asked. Then he closed the coffin. Ekyulei screamed as she heard the pounding as they sealed it with nails… then the heavy thud as they pushed her off the wagon to lie among the ruins of the city and the corpses of other elves.Corpses like hers would be…Vanya and Ahshala Moonshadow were marched down the line to be loaded into one of the coffins, being yanked forward on the chain as girl after girl disappeared into the monstrous boxes one at a time. Their parents had always told the twin sisters that they were even more beautiful than princesses Elasha and Elincia… and while neither had ever truly believed it, they had both enjoyed the compliments anyway, swelling with pride at their radiance and loveliness. The two dark-haired girls were close, but they didn’t actually have much in common besides their looks… while Vanya preferred running around outdoors and spending her times in the gardens and forests within the city, Ahshala preferred her books and her art.So it wasn’t much a surprise that they had both been captured separately. The drow that had invaded the forests had found Vanya sleeping beneath her favorite tree, and had been happy to drag her down into the grass before raping her senseless. At almost the same time, in the craftsman section of the city, their home had been bursts into, and Ahshala has seen her father’s throat be cut right before her eyes, bleeding out onto her favorite book while she had her ass plundered for the first time.Despite their separation, both girls had been beautiful enough to earn a stay of execution from the drow… it was only after they had both been brought out of the city and be loaded that someone had noticed that the sisters were twins. Just because the twins had been spared a brutal death, however, didn’t meant that they were intact. Even if their mother weren’t dead in a back alley with cum leaking from her raped cunt, she wouldn’t have been able to tell the twin sisters apart any longer… with their vacant demeanors and downcast moods, the twins were truly identical, everything that made them unique from one another seemingly having been raped out of them over the last pair of days. By the time they reached the end of the line, there was only one wagon left… one single coffin remaining with an especially large and vicious-looking troll inside it. The last one left.The drow argued about which girl they should put in with the troll, while the aggressive, insane thing pulled against his chains, its cock hard as stone as it glared at both of the naked pieces of fuckmeat. Eventually, the drow shrugged and decided to stuff them both in together. The twin sisters were found together, their tits pressed together and looking into each others eyes as their limbs, hips, and necks were all bound together. To the delight of the amused drow, both of their captors had had the idea of sticking rings in the tongues of the twins, so those were chained together as well.“Which one gets the cock?” one soldier asked.“There’s a difference?” the other asked, chuckling.The first looked at the two identical girls and smirked. “Guess not,” he agreed. He lifted the girls into the coffin, where the aggressive troll immediately began humping at them, banging his hips back and forth… and finding Vanya’s ass. The dark haired elf screamed as her asshole was stretched far behind anything the drow had managed to do it, the sounds of pain seeming to bring Ahshala back out of her stupor as well. The two girls and the troll only barely fit, and even with their limbs bound together much of them needed to crammed down to fit into the coffin, shoving them harder down into their tiny prison.“See you in the underdark, fucktoys,” one of the drow mocked as he fit in the lid in place… needing to lean into it and crush it down to make everyone fit. A banging of nails sealed the lid in place, and locked the screaming sisters together in the dark. With two people in it, the coffin was unbalanced, so the ogres that lifted it up flipped the coffin in the process, so that the troll was chained to the top instead of the bottom.Over the next few hours, Ahshala came slowly back to herself as he heard her sister scream and suffer… the pain and anguish of her raped sister bringing her out of her self pity. It was more than she could say for Vanya… the woman’s eyes were bugged out as she was raped over and over, the pounding that the troll gave her transferring to Ahshala through their bonds as her sister was smashed down against the bottom of the wooden coffin by the anal fucking. When her sister eventually stopped screaming, Ahshala could barely see her sister’s face in the darkness, but she could tell it wasn’t because she had gotten used to it, and the impacts of her body against her sister told it it wasn’t because the fucking had grown any less violent… her sister had just damaged her voice too badly to vocalize the pained scream still trying to escape her throat.“Stahp et,” Ahshala begged with her bound tongue. “Yhor kellin er! Stahp!” If the troll could even understand her, he didn’t listen. He just kept fucking Vanya as hard as he could, cumming in her over and over again and never, ever stopping. Then cum splashed over Ahshala’s face, and horror swallowed the elf as she realized what had happened… the monster had pumped enough cum into her sister’s asshole that it was overflowing, coming out her mouth and dropping down all over Ahshala, into her open mouth and across her face. Then, five minutes later, it happened again. And again. And again. Ahshala started screaming for him to spare her sister, for him to stop…Ahshala watched in horror as her twin sister, her best friend, was raped to death by by the vicious troll… feeling every vicious through as it banged her against the coffin’s side one thrust at a time. She couldn’t be sure exactly when it happened, but at some point the screaming elf girl noticed that her sister had stopped moving… that she couldn’t feel the rise and fall of her chest anymore. That her lips and tongue hung limp as cum dripped off of them as the troll came again and again. Her sister was dead.Ahshala screamed in horror, begged Vanya to come back to her, not to leave her alone in this hell… but her sister was gone.Not that it stopped the troll from raping her. He didn’t seem to even notice that he had fucked his plaything to death, and he was too bound in place to swap to fucking Ahshala even if he did… he just kept sinking his cock into the girl over and over, and making more cum pour out of her mouth and on her twin.Ahshala promised her sister that she would survive. That she would find a way to escape this hell… that she would make Vanya’s sacrifice worth it. That was when she realized that she could feel the cum lapping against the sides of her face, her dark hair floating in the growing pool of it as she was battered down into it time and time again. The coffin wasn’t draining.The dark haired elf tried everything. She tried kicking at the troll to make him stop, screaming at him, offering to do anything for him if he would only stop. Finally, as a last ditch effort, she even tried to to turn in the coffin, to put her sister on the bottom and offer her own ass to the troll rapist instead… but she couldn’t dislodge the unstoppable rape machine from inside her sister’s dead asshole. Finally, she was forced to just strain over and over to hold her head up as far as she could, being driven back down into the pool of troll cum with each battering thrust. Her dead sister leaked out another load of cum over her face, and Ahstala screamed in horror and despair as cum covered her lips and nose, sliding down her throat and making her swallow and swallow and swallow if she wanted to stay alive, stay breathing.They had to be almost down to the city by now, right? It felt like it had been days and day… any minute now, the coffin lid would open and she would be taken from here. Any minute now, she would be safe, she thought as her eyes were covered by cum, leaving her truly blind in the darkness. She just needed to keep swallowing, keep swallowing… keep… swallowing… keep… swall…Irae rode along the caravan, smiling as she watched the final elves be loaded up. They had run out of coffins half an hour ago. Not every single elf they had captured was riding in one… no small few had been claimed by an specific high ranked drow by now, and those were being kept seperate. Any of the others, however… well, if they didn’t have a coffin to go in, a troll to be raped by, her orders were clear. They weren’t coming. Ciliren had not been entirely wrong in her guess that the captured elf women would be used as breeding stock. Although the drow selection process for which elves to keep and which to kill had come down to random circumstance and inconsistent preference, it didn’t mean that all the captured women would be allowed to live the remainder of their lives as fuck-cattle. The drow had no interest in any of the women too weak to survive until the time to give birth arrived. Forcing them to make the long trip back to the Underdark being endlessly raped by the trolls would make for an effective test. It kept the captives secure and it ensured they would not have a moment of rest, thanks to the trolls’ broken minds and powerful regenerative stamina. Whether the elves lived or died was no real concern for the drow. On the contrary, the soldiers would no doubt spend the bulk of the return trip betting on how many of them would make it.So they had needed to come up with a solution for the rest of them… and Irae approved of the one that soldiers had come up with. The wagons were all lined up now, one after the other, so they had tied the girls between the wagons. Arms to one side, feet to the other. Right now, they just hung there… but the wagons wouldn’t be staying this close together as they rode. One bump in the road, one change in speed, one different swerve at a time, the wagons would drift further apart… and rip the elf girls apart.They knew it, too. They were all screaming, shouting, begging… loud enough to cover up the muffled screams of the thousands of coffins. Begging for an opportunity to be fucktoys instead, for mercy. The drow soldiers just laughed at them and pissed onto their faces and bodies from on top of the wagons… one final show of how worthless their light-skinned bodies were to them now. Irae gave the order to move on, and the pitch of the screams rose higher.Irae grinned as she looked over her army filing out of the now dead elven capital city, one of the wagons already trailing the slowly dying torso of a girl ripped in two while the soldier began to bet with one another over who would be the last one alive. Their work in Soleila was done now. There was still much work to be done to conclude the eradication of these filthy surface dwellers… but things were off to a splendid start.

This is an especially brutal story, filled with torture, rape, and snuff. Be sure this is a thing you want to read before continuing.

The dangers of the underdark went well beyond the drow. All kind of monsters lurked in the darkness, but the source of nearly all of them stemmed from the same source… Faerzress. No one knew where the magical mist came from… it was as old as the drow exile into the darkness. The old priestesses of Lolth had believes it was a test put down here by their goddess to make them strong. The priests of Vhaerun thought it part of their exile, a prison crafted for them by Corona and the other gods of the surface when the drow were cast down to make their lives worse. Still others thought it leaking of negative energy from the Plane of Shadow. No matter where the Faerzress, it changed everything it touched. It had turned the drow’s skin black and given them their resistance to magic. It had turned the orcs into hulking brutes, far larger than those on the surface. It had turned the monsters larger, the animals more ferocious, the plants more poisonous and less nourishing. It made the spiders enormous, the lizards ravenous, and the goblins more clever… and sometimes, it touched something truly dangerous.Aurellia Esmet felt like she had been in her coffin for a decade. She had lived more than century of life… she had been an artist, a respected painted. She had had friends. A mother and father. A brother. It was increasingly hard to remember any of them. It was hard to remember that any of her century of life before the drow had happened… but she remembered when they had broken into her home all too well. Raping her ass. Making her lick their cum off their paintings. Hours and hours of depravity… hours in which she watched her city burn, her friends and family die, her race be crushed into oblivion. And then it was into the coffin with her, and her life had been replaced with a never-ending string of rapes by a monster. One after the other after the other after the other. To survive, she had drank the cum that leaked from her own holes… it had burned what was left of her pride, but her desire to live was stronger than her hatred of her life.At first, she thought she was imagining it when the coffin was lifted… but then it was abruptly dropped on the ground, and she couldn’t have imagined that. They had arrived! She was going to be let out! Despite her terror, she was glad… surely nothing could be worse than the coffin… days or weeks or years stuck in the dark confined space with a monster with a truly unquenchable sexual appetite. At least the drow… even hundreds of drow, all planning on using her… had to rest sometime. The troll didn’t… she passed out with it fucking her, and woke with it still fucking her. It’s cock hadn’t been out of her body for a single second the entire time she had suffered in the darkness.Almost lustfully, Aurellia waited for the lid to be torn off. She would throw herself into the arms of the drow, promise to be the best slave in the entire world if they would keep her away from the troll. Hell, she’d fall to her knees without them needing to say a word and swallow their cocks, without any guarantees, just for the chance she would be spared. But the lid didn’t move.Horror began to grow as she felt the rumble of the wagon through the earth. It was… leaving! Leaving her here! She had horrible visions of herself trapped in this coffin for all time, licking at the cum of this monster to stay alive and never being found. Why? Why would they abandon her?The troll came six more times before she heard the scrape at her lid. Twice more after that before Aurellia became sure she wasn’t imagining it. Three more times before she noticed the coffin begin dragged across the ground. By that point, she didn’t care what it was outside… so long as it opened the lid and let her out, it could be anything in the world and she would love it for eternity. The damned troll was still violently humping away when the lid was ripped off. After the coffin, even the phantom phosphorescence of the cavern seemed blinding, and she needed to blink dozens of times as her sensitive eyes adjusted, taking in her surroundings… and then blink a dozen more as she struggled to understand what she was seeing. The cavern was enormous… the size of the forest in the center of Soleila, at least, and it filled with one, massive tree. Thousands and thousands of branches spiraled off of it, diving down towards the ground, plunging through the rock and erupting back up to form a mass of vines and branches and tendrils so thick that not even the faintly glowing leaves could let her make any sense of what was happening here. What she could see, however, were the women.Drow women.They were suspended in mid air by vines wrapped around arms and legs and throats, holding them up… and plunging into them. Something wet splashed against Aurellia’s face, and looking up she saw a lithe drow woman just ten feet above her, her cunt and asshole both speared by thick vines of the massive plant. Her belly was swollen as if she were six months pregnant, and her tits were leaking… that was what had splashed her. Everywhere Aurellia looked, there were women hanging from the tree… mostly drow, but a few other surface elves. Even as she watched, one was ripped out of a coffin and yanked screaming into the air where she was immediately impaled.Then a vine wrapped around her ankle.Aurellia tried to run but it was far too late, had been too late from the moment she was put into the coffin. She screamed as she was hoisted upside down into the air, dangling from her ankle as she felt the first of the plant’s thousand “cocks” find her pussy and shove into her.  Her screams rose as another “cock” drove into her asshole with equal vigor, and then cut off a moment later as a third buried itself down her throat.The poor elf had no knowledge of this place, no way of knowing its history. How the remains of a greater demon of Jubilex had been slain on this spot and had been consumed by spreading plants. How the Faerzress had touched it and reawakened that demon’s spirit, filling the tree with it. How it had grown and grown, inching closer and closer to Menzoberranzan and revenge on the drow that had slain it. How the drow had sacrifice captives for it to play with for six centuries… and how, in the wake of the rebellion, they had found that it preferred female captives, how it could be distracted far more thoroughly by them… and how there were other benefits.Aurellia had gotten her wish… she was free of the troll. She was about to learn, however, that her idea of endless rape was in for some cruel adjustment.

Ciliren Naera hurried after Istroos Abaeir, at least, as much as anyone could hurry while crawling. If she fell too far behind, she’d be punished… and her scars from her last punishment still hadn’t healed. Obeying her owners didn’t stop them from hurting her, nothing did that, but they hurt her as a matter of course… punishment was something else. Ciliren hated herself for it, but she found herself genuinely thankful when they just hurt her a little these days, rather than genuinely punishing her for a failure.Three years in Menzoberranzan had changed Ciliren. She was pretty sure the death of her sister and the weeks spent in that coffin had driven her mad because she couldn’t remember much of the city of her birth any longer… whenever she tried to think of a temple, a store, a house back in Soleila, her mind conjured images of the drow city that was her new dungeon instead. It was like the drow had raped her memories as thoroughly as the rest of her – she no longer had a home to return to even in her mind. She had trouble remember who she was, what she had been… she had worked in the city, hadn’t she? Some kind of… artisan, right? She couldn’t summon up any memories of performing her work, either – whenever she tried, she just saw herself on her knees, sucking an endless string of black-skinned cocks.In fact, there was only one part of her own life she got to hang onto…Istroos pushed open the door into the room in the center of their family house, not bothering to hold it open for Ciliren… she needed to spring forward on hands and knees fast enough to bruise her own limbs to catch the door before it closed and locked her out. Sliding into the room, the elf was stunned as always as she looked around it. From her understanding it used to be a temple to the dark goddess of the drow, before they had forsaken her… now it was a temple only to pain.Aunrae Abaeir was here, like always… the drow woman was rarely permitted to leave this room. Drow women were far more valuable slaves these days, due to their shorter supply and their purity, unlike worthless fuckdolls like Ciliren. No one bothered to steal an elf slave… but men had been murdered to steal the drow women they owned. The boys were quite protective of their mother.Not that they treated her much like their mother anymore. A mother, certainly… but not theirs.Aunrae was the most beautiful woman that Ciliren had ever seen… even through the dark skin that made her shudder from memories of her captors. The fallen drow priestess had a body that swelled in all the right places, narrowed in all the others, and her faith was absolutely gorgeous. She didn’t look like a woman nearly two centuries Ciliren’s senior.She was also, for a rarity, not pregnant. Aunrae was on her knees with her hands bound behind her back, getting fucked up her ass by her grandfather while her son choked her with long strokes of his cock. Her dark skin was covered head to toe with darker welts, showing Ciliren clearly that they had been working the drow over for hours before calling for her. There was no fight left in Aunrae anymore… they didn’t beat her to force her obedience. They just did it because they enjoyed making her scream.The groan and gagging noises were the only sign that Vuznet was making his mother swallow his load. Istroos kicked Ciliren forward. “You’re up, whore,” he growled as his grandfather finished fucking the dark skinned elf and letting her fall to the stone floor.Ciliren crawled forward, trying not to seem too eager. She hated almost everything, every single thing, about her life… but this part… this she could live with. Her ass swayed back and forth as she crawled, and even though her belly wasn’t showing yet with the half-drow child these bastards had put in her her tits had already begun to swell, bouncing as she crawled towards Aunrae. If she did her task quickly enough, they might even feed her today… that bland bread was the only thing slaves ever got to eat that counted as real food, but it tasted better than the cum, shit, and piss she needed to subsist on the rest of the time. Dropping onto the floor next to the drow woman, Ciliren spread her cheeks, and pushed her tongue into the drow woman’s ass.That was all women were good for now in Menzoberranzan… entertainment, and breeding. The problem for Abaeir family was that, after being fucked repeatedly for years and bred a half dozen times, Aunrae’s cunt no longer met their standards. Thankfully, they had a solution in the form on Ciliren. The elf began to suck and lick, eating out the woman’s ass and sucking out a dozen or more loads of cum that her family had poured into her tight back hole. Drow cum filled her mouth, and she shuddered, but she was careful not to swallow any… that would lead to punishment, and the elf knew that she wasn’t the first slave that they had purchased for this job. On her very first day here, she had watched her predecessor be beaten to death for failing to move all the cum into Aunrae. She hated having their cum in her mouth, but the rest of it was worth it…Once Ciliren’s mouth was full and she was reasonably sure that she couldn’t get any more from her ass, Ciliren pulled back, put her mouth again Aunrae gorgeous cunt, and began to push the cum into her. To the drow, it was a degrading task… using her mouth to help them getting their breeding bitch pregnant. Thankfully, they didn’t realize that Ciliren preferred the company of women to that of men, even before having been raped, and she thought that Aunrae was the most beautiful woman she had ever seen. Sure, she was a drow as well, but it was hard to hold that against the woman, not when she was treated just as badly by their captors as the surface elves were. She felt a kind of… kinship with the beautiful drow woman… enough so that as she obviously pushed cum into the woman’s cunt, she swallowed some, making it as subtle as possible. It wasn’t much, but maybe he could give her some time between needing to be bred… it was the greatest gift she could offer the other victim. Then it was back to her ass to suck out the rest. Then push it into her cunt as well. She was active with her tongue as she did it, trying to give the woman a bit of pleasure, and she smiled as she tasted her wetness. Then came the time to bathe the woman with her tongue, licking up the cum stuck onto her dark skin and relocating it to her pussy as well. Then it was time for what she had swallowed.Ciliren kissed Aunrae, driving her tongue into the other woman’s mouth… and if she wasn’t anywhere near as enthusiastic about the kiss as Ciliren was, it was only because they both knew what was coming next. Diraen drove his boot into Aunrae’s stomach, making the woman wretch… but while she moaned in misery, the contents of her stomach stayed within her. It took four more kicks before she finally vomited up the pile of cum in her stomach into Ciliren’s mouth. The surface elf, twisted as her mind was, tried to forget that it was drow cum filling her mouth and just take enjoyment of the soft lips of the drow woman against hers. She swallowed a bit of the cum, but she didn’t mind as she sank back down, resuming the process of licking at Aunrae’s snatch as she pushed the cum into her, working at her clit… and smiling as she felt the drow woman softly orgasm beneath her tongue… glad that she could give her sister in suffering at least a little bit of pleasure.She felt like she could love this woman. The world had sank into hell for all elves, and the female drow had joined them there, but even in hell there were at least shreds of pleasure that they could find. Together, they could take at least a little bit of pleasure in their degradation. What tiny shred of solace they could take was surely welcome. Compared to the brothel she had been in before being bought and branded, this was almost an ideal life.“She swallowed some of the cum,” Aunrae said, leaning back and wrapping her thighs around Ciliren’s head.Ciliren froze. What? Why? Why would she… The elf looked up at the drow woman, up over her cunt to her face, and saw the hatred in her eyes, the superiority, the vicious pride that drove the drow woman to make herself higher than the one person she could, to put at least someone below her… to inflict some of the pain given to her onto someone else.“Stupid cunt,” Istroos growled as he grabbed Ciliren by her blonde hair and began to drag her away…Koszar had promised death. Tali wished with all her being that he had been honest.After she had been butchered by Shelan, the dying air elemental had been imprisoned in an airtight box, longing for death to end her pain but unable to die until they reached Menzoberranzan. She hadn’t know why he bothered… he expected that she was just going to be killed, and wished that if he was going to do it, he could at least let her die in the open air. Unfortunately, he had a different fate in mind for her.No one had bothered to explain the details to Tali. No one bothered to tell how how after they had been fed so many Drow women during the rebellion that the spiders had grown used to it. No one bothered to tell her how the faith in Lolth and her spiders had waned and fallen in the city with the death of its matriarchy. No one bothered to tell her how increasingly no one had enough captives to sacrifice to them for a place to lay their eggs. Koszar had just taken the limbless air element out in the cavern, dug a hole in the rock with his magic, and dumped her facefirst into it.He stopped paying attention to her then. She was free… she could escape… if only she weren’t crippled. As much as she longed to dissolve into Wind and just disappear from this horrid place, she couldn’t… not while she was incomplete. She needed to heal. She needed the wind, needed a breeze to blow across her so that she could gather her strength, so she could draw it into herself and repair her severed winds and her shattered power… but she was deep, deep underground. There was so wind… the air was stale and stagnant, unmoving, unliving. There was nothing here to restore her.She could see right through her own nearly transparent body, out in the cavern… or had once been able to. Now all she could see was the eggs that filled her… and the giant spiders.She heard the tap-tap-taping of eight legs across the stone, and she started to squirm, trying hopelessly once again to get free. “Don’t!” she begged. “Stop, please by the by the father of storms show some sense! It won’t fit! It won’t!” She wasn’t exaggerating. She could see her belly distended horribly, swollen and painfully stretched… could see the piles of eggs pushing her outward, making her gaseous skin stretch horrifically. “You’ll kill me, you dumb animals!” she screamed. “You’ll kill me! Stop it!” What little light there was in the cavern vanished as the spider blocked it out, and Tali screamed as she felt the ovipositor slid into one of her holes – her ass this time – pushing eggs to the side to make room and spreading her already stuffed body even further. “It won’t fit!” she wailed. “It won’t fit… there’s no room, pleasepleasepleasepl- aaaaaagh!” Her begging cut off in a wail as more eggs shoved their way into her, and Tali felt her already impossibly pained body stretch even further. “Nonononopleasenoooooo…” Thump. Thump. Thump. She gasped with each new egg as it forced its way into into her, making room by pushing other eggs somewhere even deeper into her body. Then the ovipositor withdrew from her, and Tali had a second of relief. As much as she hated it, this had become almost normal for her life. The eggs hatched inside her nearly as quickly as new ones were pushed in. She could feel them… it was the only thing she could feel most times except for the pain. A million tiny feet, dancing across her insides. A million tiny bites as they tried and failed to find something to eat in their insubstantial flesh. They covered every inch of her, inside and out, save for her head – the one bitter mercy of being buried in the earth like this.Tali got to think that maybe she was going to escape further torment, save for the everpresent sensations inside of her, for all of ten seconds before she realized that she could hear more spiders. “Noooooooooooo, it won’t, you can’t, you ca-” The next ovipositor was shoved into her, and move eggs came. And more. And more. She had stopped begging, stopped screaming. She just sobbed brokenly as her limbless body was somehow, impossible, stuffed further full. This was hell, this was so much worse than Shattering. Tali longed for death. Thump, thump, thump. Scream. Egg after egg forced its way into her until that spider was spent. Then it withdrew and another one started depositing eggs into her cunt. Then another in her ass. Over and over, each egg making her feel like she was going to burst. When the eggs started to be pushed out her other end, Tali didn’t realize what was happening at first. She felt an uncomfortable sensation in her throat, a choking feeling… not something that Wind had ever thought she would have a problem with. To her horror she realized that she had been filled so thoroughly that some of the oldest eggs inside her had been forced through her entire intestinal tract and were now starting to push up her throat and into her mouth.A couple spiders later and her cheeks were already bulging with eggs, her lips stretched painfully wide around them.  They pressed against her tongue, forcing her to taste the evidence of their long journey inside her.  And even as she tried to adjust to this new indignity, she felt one of them start shaking, and then another, and another.About to hatch.Tali tried to scream, but all that came out of her stuffed mouth were soft, desperate sounds heard by no one.  That and, a few seconds later and for the next several weeks straight, spiders.Narbondel was the only uncut surface inside the city of Menzoberranzan proper. A huge stalagmite reaching all the way to the cavern ceiling, it served a useful purpose for the city. The drow could see heat, so by tradition, the cities archmage would go the base stalagmite at “midnight” and start a fire that would slowly move the head up to the top of the pillar and then back down. In that way, the massive pillar would be used as the city’s clock. As Archmage that should have been Grompf’s job, but after the city’s fall he had grown increasingly disinterested in his duties, so he had passed on the responsibility to his second… and Koszar Nirune knew exactly how he wanted to fulfill the duty.Qi found herself bound to the base of Narbondel by bonds of a strange metal that did not burn, her arms and legs buried deep inside the pillar… the better to apply her heat to it. Every day, at midnight, Koszar would come by to rape her. That was her instruction to begin a new cycle of burning… to burn and burn and burn until the pillar was filled with her heat. Then, if she did it well enough, she would have a hour or so each day when she didn’t need to blaze like an inferno… she would merely need to burn like a torch. Putting her flame to such a mundane use would have been humiliating enough… but of course Koszar hadn’t left it there.Somehow, the mage had found a way to change the binding that tied her to the elf’s physical form. For her entire life, Qi had never felt the kiss of her own flames. She did now. Her flames licked across her face and hair and breasts, and it burned her… agonizingly. During the hot hours, when she lit Narbondel, her entire body burned away, scorched black until there was nothing but ashes, leaving nothing but a screaming, bodyless torch in the darkness in the vague shape of a woman. It was only during the slow hours, when she didn’t need to heat it any longer, than her body slowly regenerated… just in time for Koszar to rape it again. Occasionally, he brought Shelan with him… using her to clean her up after he finished. The woman was a wreck, even more filthy that she had been on the surface, and the only hope that Qi could have was that someday the wizard would die… and perhaps his successor would not bind her lover so competently. Maybe then she could escape.But Qi never would. These bindings… they seemed indestructible, and they held massless, formless flame motionless in their grip.She could see Koszar approaching now, striding through the streets with a smile as he headed for the pillar. It was nearly midnight.Almost time to burn.

Aurellia was certain she was going insane.She had thought that when she was in the coffin her existence had existed of nothing but fucking. She had no idea how wrong she had been. She had been able to feel the coffin around her. She had been able to move, been able to struggle. The troll had only been able to reach one of her holes. She had been able – forced, really – to lick up cum to stay alive. She had been able to have a miserable existence, but an existence.Now she wasn’t so lucky. All three of her holes were constantly stuffed, and she couldn’t even feel the walls of her cunt or ass anymore… it felt like they had been rubbed raw years ago. The only thing she ever got to eat was the sappy excretions of the plant, and even those were pumped directly down her throat by the vine fucking her face… she never even got to taste it. She couldn’t move, couldn’t squirm, couldn’t speak or beg or scream. She could see, but the only thing she could see was thrashing vines and other raped women with their bellies and tits swollen. In fact, the only time she didn’t have three cocks in her was when she was giving birth to whatever this monstrosity was pumping into her.She hadn’t ever even seen what it was that came out of her. She had seen dark shapes dropping from the forms of the other women down to the floor, and she thought she had seen drow soldier moving below, collecting whatever she was birthing, but whatever it was it wasn’t an elf. The pregnancy was too fast… whatever it was took only two weeks to grow to the size of a full grown baby before her body forced it out in a painful process. It didn’t even pause in raping her ass and mouth while she had the monster’s baby… and it barely waited until it had dropped free before a vine was stuffed back up her cunt and began the process of impregnating her once again.That had been bad enough… but after the first year, it had started fucking her with multiple tentacles at once. She had tried to scream for the first time in months as it worked on stuffing a second tentacle cock up her ravaged asshole, but she had been just as incapable as the last five hundred times she had tried. She wept as her asshole was pummeled, but she hadn’t had any real water to drink in a year – the tears more closely resembled the tree’s nectar. But she couldn’t see that, either. Couldn’t wipe them away or taste them. Couldn’t experience anything but her constant string of rapes.Just this last year, it had worked a second tentacle down her throat, and a third into her ass. It had tried multiple times with each before, but hadn’t managed to make room. It was evidence of just how thorough her constant rape has broken her that they fit inside her now. She could have been here for a hundred years or for a thousand… she no longer had any sense of time. She seemed to be being kept intact, kept fed, kept healthy… and unless complications from her birth doomed her, she would be here for a very, very long time. Elves had been known to live a thousand years, if they were lucky… or unlucky. And after spending years in the clutches of the demon tree, Aurellia was pretty sure she was the least lucky elf in the world. She would be like this forever, she knew… she would be the longest lived elf in history, suffer more than any other member of her dying race. Be raped until the sun died and abandoned this world. Every single day would be like this one… until one was different.She was well into one of her pregnancies when she caught sight of drow soldiers for sure around her… soldiers with axes. She hoped they would cut off her head. Instead, they cut through the vines, severing them, freeing her for the first time since she had been captured in Soleila. Then they had put her onto the back of a spider-lizard with them and, surprisingly gently, escorted her into the city. She saw horrific sights everywhere she looked… women walking on leashes with tails of rotting animal fur protruding from their assholes, heads on spikes somehow finding the oxygen to scream, public rapes of women in the market squares. She tried to look away, but everywhere she looked there was a more horrible thing to see. Awful as it was, she was afraid to close her eyes – Aurellia was convinced that if she opened her eyes, she would find herself back in the clutches of the demon tree. The soldiers brought her to a mansion, guarded by hundreds of soldiers… and that was where she met Krizoz Flaeran for the first time. Even a glance at him told her that he was highborn – his clothing all trimmed with silver, his cheeks sharp enough that it felt like it cut her eyes to look on them. His voice, however, was calm and soothing as he spoke to her. She was his now, he told her. She was safe and under his protection.She thought that meant he was going to be the only one to rape her, but she was again surprised. The soldiers took her to room – a far more luxurious room than she had ever had in Soleila – and brought her clothing, medicine, water, and food. The clothing was spun of spider silk and felt like the softest thing to ever touch her skin. When one of the soldiers spread her legs, she was sure she was about to be fucked again, but instead he began to apply the cream inside her ravaged holes… and within a few minutes she began to be able to feel them again. The water was the sweetest thing she had ever tasted, and while the crumbling roll of bread was bland, it was real food… real food, for the first time in years.And no one raped her that night. Or the next. Or the next. She was beginning to feel that perhaps she had been wrong… perhaps luck had not abandoned her completely… when her stomach churned and she began to give birth. She saw one of the abominations that had been growing in her womb for years for the first time… a tree, vaguely shaped like a female elf child with flaking, starchy skin. In the time it took for the guards to realize what had happened, and to come and take it away from the stunned woman, it had grown into a tree almost as tall as she was. She had no idea what those abominations were, but she was glad to be rid of it… even if it had come from her womb.

Koszar Nirune sighed as he slowly rose from his desk, closing the book he had been studying. The book was one of the many spellbooks that Grompf forbade, that of course meant that Koszar needed to know what was in it. He had to admit, the works of this “Karsus” were fascinating. With the room so quiet, he could hear the muffled wails coming from the stone statue he kept by the window, looking out over the stone cavern that held Menzoberranzan within it… outside, visible on Narbondel, they both could see Qi burning brightly at the bottom, and seeing her burning all made Lei’s burns hurt all the more, leaving the crippled elemental screaming. His favorite statue had lost little of her appeal in the intervening years. With her body fused into some solid hunk of alluring stone, he didn’t need any magic to bind her any longer… he could just leave her there, an ornamentation more than a person. An entertaining ornamentation, though. Most would have a hard time getting use out of her in this state, but Koszar prided himself on his ingenuity. Turning her into a softer form would have been simply enough, but he liked her immobile and helpless… so he had found his own solution, as the dozens of cracked holes in her body gave testament to. A simple transmutation, and his cock was quite literally harder than iron and utterly irresistible… and he could use it on her even in this state.Of course, her cunt and ass had suffered first. With her standing like this both of her holes were reachable from behind, and he had enjoyed drilling into her, enjoying hearing the way the stone cracked at each thrust and how Lei’s rising screams, even muffled by her stone prison, grew to cover those cracking sounds up. Unfortunately, there had only been so many times he could fuck those holes before they started to get loose and broken. He could have restored her body enough that she could heal herself, but where would the fun in that be? Instead, when he ran out of pleasant holes to fuck, he had simply made more.Her belly was covered by five holes of shattered stone now, marking where he had drilled his cock into the rock to use her entire body like a fleshlight. Her breasts had a pair, one below the orb and the second right through her nipple. He had found that fucking as ass itself was just as much fun as fucking her asshole… him cum was still leaking from that cracked hole from earlier. Koszar sighed. He was getting distracted, and he really did need to study these arcane theories if he was ever going to kill Grompf and take his position. He didn’t have time to fucking Lei again right now. Still, it was growing late, and the wine had been going right through him…He walked over to the chamberpot, lifting off the lid he kept over it. Koszar groaned with released pleasure as he let his bladder go, his piss hitting the surface of the water within with a splash. He really need need to breed himself an heir one of these days. Some of the drow women were kept for public rental these days, specifically for that purpose. Expensive, to rent one for the full year it would take him to breed her, but he could more than afford it. Besides, if it were a daughter, he could sell her back for another year. He knew that the mage school, Sorcere, had enslaved all the female mage students themselves during the rebellion and kept them… their gifts too rare to waste on the common population. Maybe he would get one of those… as a Master of the city’s mage tower, he would have the right.He shook his cock, forcing the last few drops out to splash down into the chamberpot. Thinking about one of the drow mages serving his cock for a year had him hard, so he supposed he could do with a bit of a distraction. “Get up,” he ordered. “And leave the shit behind. I don’t want you making a mess on the floor again.”Shelan rose slowly up out of the formless pool he usually kept her in, stepping out of the chamberpot before sinking down to her knees before him… the picture of a well-broken slave. Only the tears still filling her eyes showed how much this bothered her still, how much she hated it. She looked pristine on the outside, cloaked in a clear layer of clean water that he gave her once a week for his own comfort, but inside of that he could see the piss, the cum, the mess. Once in a while, he would let her lose some of the waste she carried around… but never the cum. For the rest of her life, she would be forced to carry around every single load one of her rapists had ever shot into her.Koszar pointed at the desk, and Shelan began to crawl towards it, slipping underneath it as the drow wizard sat down before the book again. Her mouth closed over his cock without a word, silently sucking at him while he got back to reading… as best as he could while distracted by the elemental’s talented mouth. While he could have used the binding on her to perform the actions exactly the way he thought she should on a second to second basis, it would have been an unnecessary distraction. In the last five years, he had taught her exhaustively everything there was to know about cocksucking… as it turned out, when a girl was boiled for the slightest mistake, she became extremely well motivated to become the best little cocksucker in the underdark. At this point, Shelan knew what he wanted better than he did.Koszar leaned back in his chair, closed his eyes, and smiled. This was perfect.

Nakiasha Liarel writhed in the thin dirt of the underdark, her entire body shuddering as she came… again. She hadn’t come down to Menzoberranzan in a coffin. Instead, the goblins under chief Tashiatka had declared the disgraced archer their property, and smuggled her into their gear, walked down into the darkness with the elf carried between them under a blanket. Down in the slave pens, the goblins had bartered with their overseer, paying him in trinkets to turn a blind eye to the slave elf that the slave goblins were not supposed to have. She had considered herself lucky… the goblins were nowhere near as violent to her as most of the other races were to her sisters. She still considered herself lucky… she thought… but now she wasn’t so sure.The goblins loved playing with her body. Not even necessarily raping her, although they did plenty of that as well… playing with her. These goblins were far, far smarter than those she had heard about the surface – they were inventors, tinkers, and experimenters, and they loved using their most recent creations on her. And they liked making her cum.At first, that hadn’t seen so bad. On the surface, she had never gotten any real attention. Now she had too much, but… it was hard to hate, even if it was unwanted. All she needed to do was listen, and she could hear the screams of hundreds of women within earshot that weren’t so lucky. The problem was, they never let her stop.Someone had brought an alchemist’s stock the attention of the goblins, and they hadn’t stopped experimenting with the potions ever since. Already Tashiatka was proving himself as clever as a master alchemist of the elves, and he was growing better and better with each day – discovering how potions interacted, and how to intensify them beyond anything that that Nakiasha could have imagined. They had always loved making her shudder and lose herself in pleasure whether she wanted to or not… but a year ago, Tashiatka had produced a potion of his own design.That was when things had gotten bad.He called it “Phoenix’s Kiss…” The goblin believed it might be the most powerful aphrodisiac ever made. Nakiasha could believe it. Even seconds after he had squirted the first bit of it onto her tongue, Nakiasha felt like her entire body was on fire. When someone even brushed her with their fingers, it felt like the flames spread outward from that tough in rippling waves. She found herself nearly cumming when a goblin touched her arms, or legs, or face… and when they so much as brushed her tits she came screaming. However, that wasn’t even the best part, as far as they were concerned. The real best part was that it only affected women. When Tashiatka spread some on his cock, at first she was just glad that her rapists were using lube for a change. That opinion had changed almost immediately as he shoved himself into her ass and the drug was absorbed along with the thrust. Nakiasha felt her sanity shatter on that that very first pump as she came, one continuous orgasm that didn’t top until long, long after he had finished ass-fucking her. She had slowly put herself back together after that, taking long minutes to remember who she was, where she was, what her name was. Then the next one had raped her and she had lost it all again. She came and came and came until her muscles felt like solid knots, until her back arched from arcing, until it was hard to breathe and the pleasure was literally suffocating her. Then the next day, he came back with a modified dose, and they began testing that on her as well. And then the next. And the next. By now, the effect was permanent. Even when she wasn’t being touched, being drugged, her body felt mad with ripples of pleasure coursing through her. Just rolling on the ground send shudders through her, and the breeze across her clit made her cum. Nakiasha had lost herself completely. She couldn’t remember anything about her life before this anymore… she couldn’t remember anything but the last orgasm, and that the next one was just ahead. She slept when she passed out, and woke when she came so hard that she couldn’t sleep through it anymore. And Tashiatka kept coming up with stronger and stronger doses. In intermittent burst of sanity, she had enough of a mind to realize that this was going to kill her. That her brain was all but melting behind the senstion… that she would become a braindead husk, or just die of a heartattack. Unfortunately, she was wrong. She had no way of knowing it had already been seven years like this… that the potion the goblins had been giving her for the last years was keeping her alive, keeping her mind intact enough to appreciate what was being done to her. The years since she had first taken the Phoenix’s Kiss felt like one long day, one string of orgasms that seemed to last forever. She might go insane, but she was trapped in that insanity, unable to escape her awareness of what was being done to her.And, as she looked up and saw the goblins approaching with todays new dose, Nakiasha shuddered and came again at the mere thought of her coming defilement, and she couldn’t remember why she would want to.

“That’s right…” Master Phentix Nitherag said, gesturing with his hands. “Set it down there… gently now… gently…”The pair of stone golems obeyed every word and gesture, lowering the wrought-iron box to the stone floor with a clang. Phentix smiled… this would be the one, he was sure of it. He ran a hand over the metal surface of the prison, certain that this would be the one to succeed… and ignoring the furious growls coming from the air holes in the box. “You’ve come an awfully long way, friend,” he said affectionately as he looked at the box with a wide smile. He looked back at the golems. “Take him to room 43. I’ll find a subject for him.”As the golems lifted the furiously shaking box, Master Phentix shook his head in happy consideration of the obvious strength and vitality of the creature. He lived a blessed life… how many others got to study the passion of their lives? Other Masters of Sorcere wasted their time studying arcane formulae and ancient dusty tomes… vying for rank in the wizard’s tower. Phentix was after far more interesting fare – the secrets of life itself.He whistled happily as he strode down the hallway, deeper into his laboratory… plucking a sheaf of paper from the hands of his research assistant as he did and flipping through the notes. He frowned as he noted at that he was almost out of research subjects again… he would need to remind the brothels of his standing offer. Still, he had enough for the moment. He noted an instructions to his assistant to have food brought to cell 12… she looked healthy enough, and he wanted to put his best foot forward. Then he went to see her himself.He could see the elf right through the wall, although she couldn’t see him… curled up on the ground and softly weeping as she stuffed her face with one of the slave-bread rolls that made up the majority of the feed for the slaves in the city. Her left arm was blackened and shriveled, and the left side of her face was equally burned and ruined. Someone had played with fire with this one, and gotten out of hand. After a slave was this badly damaged, the brothels had little use for her but to try to charge a nominal fee to let something murder her for fun. Phentix had a standing offer to all the brothels in the city, however – he would purchase any disfigured or ruined girl, so long as she was otherwise healthy. The slave brand on her had been burned off in the same accident that had maimed her, but her papers gave her name as Deidala… and to Phentix’s eyes, the important parts of her for his work appeared to be in good shape. She would do.“Deliver her to room 43,” he instructed his research assistant. “But don’t open the gate until I arrive. Then join me at room 1.” He sighed as he picked up another sheaf of paper. Duty before pleasure, he reminded himself. He might be excited about his newest subject, but first he needed to collect data on the rest of his subjects. So, one by one, he walked past the first 42 rooms, looking into them through the one-way walls that made up their imprisonment and recording data on what he saw.His subject of study… his passion… was chimeric creatures. There was something about them, some combination of magic and biology that allowed impossible physiology to emerge… somewhere in there, he was sure, was the secret of life itself. He had to know what conditions allowed that chimeric process to happen. He needed to create his own hybrids and observe it, see how it happened, what process permitted it. He would find it… he knew he would. It was just a matter of persistence. So, outside of room one, he calmly made notes as a screaming brunette elf was raped by an owlbear.The creature dwarfed the elf that it was ramming its cock into, outweighing her by thousands of pounds and using that mass to hammer her with his cock. Drugs put into its food ensured that it was always prepared to breed, and going to do its very best job to put a baby in that elf’s womb. Feathers covered the thick, shaggy coat of its bear-like body, and the limpid pupils of its great round eyes stared furiously from its beaked owlish head as it glared down at its mate. The owlbear’s reputation for ferocity, aggression, stubbornness, and sheer ill temper makes it one of the most feared predators of the wild, but it was their sheer strangeness that attracted Phentix to the creatures.A simple spell told him everything he needed to know… she wasn’t pregnant yet. Maybe this rape would be the one. He had high hopes for his owlbear… unlike the subject in room 5. The Chimera had three elves in there with him, one for each of his three cocks… experience had taught him that if he put fewer than three with it, the heads would fight over the subjects and they were unlikely to survive the ensuing struggle. It was easiest just to give the beast a elf fucktoy for each dick. The large monstrosity was an especially monstrous combination of creatures… It has the hindquarters of a big goat and the forequarters of a great lion. It’s dragon wings flapped idly as it fucked, and it had three heads: that of a horned goat, a maneless lion, and a fierce dragon. Currently, the goat was sleeping… and so was its plaything, lucky girl. The other two were not so fortunate.The chimera had been one of his oldest subjects, and unfortunately at this point Phentix was sure that if it was capable of breeding with elves under any combination of drugs and magical conditions, his testing would have exposed it by now. The subject was a dud… but it was so happy with its fucktoys that it seemed a shame to take them away… they would be there for the rest of their lives. Still, he cast his spell again and confirmed none of them had managed to get pregnant. It wasn’t until he got to room 20 that he ran into something that broke the routine. He sighed in disgust as he watched the Wyvern rape a limp corpse. “What number was this one? 11?”“12” his assistance said, making a note on the paper.“Up the dose on his drugs again,” Phentix ordered, “and arrange for number thirteen to be delivered tomorrow.” He watched the winged creature, a mixture of dragon and scorpion, fuck the body for a few more minutes before he moved on. 21, 22, 23… no pregnancies. He noted that the hippogriff in 24 was looking lean, and instructed his assistant to make to note that the body from the wyvern’s room and two others from storage should be delivered to it tonight… the bodies of dead subjects made excellent treats for his precious prospects. Phentix walked between the cages, watching beast after beast subject their elvish mates to vicious fuckings. It was, he had to admit, quite a show… not that he thought of it that was. This was research… this was science. One of the mages he had used to work with had suggested once that they charge a fee to let other drow watch. Agast, Phentix had had him killed. One of these days, he was going to succeed… and he couldn’t risk have anyone else see what the conditions had lead to his discovery of the secret of life.No pregnancies. Not one. Again. Phentix bemoaned his fate. He had been doing this for twenty years, although it was only in the last eight that he had been able to increase the size and efficiency of his experiments this much, and so far he hadn’t found a single case of a chimeric being able to breed with an elf. Thousands and thousands of individual rapes, under hundreds of conditions with dozens of different fertility drugs, and so far, nothing. Failure after failure.But he wouldn’t give up. He was sure that he would succeed… he would keep trying to until he had exhausted every single possibility for a cross-species elf chimeric. Every single one of them.At last, he reached 43, where his new hope for success prowled furiously through the room. The Manticore was as beautiful as Phentix could have hoped. The size of a spider lizard, the Manticore had the body of a lion, the wings of a dragon, and an almost-elvish face filled with sharp teeth. It’s tail, belonging to no animal that the wizard recognized, bristled with spikes, as it its mane… and the already exposed cock dragging beneath its body. The butchered, bloody corpse of an elf girl laying in the corner torn him that that it had eaten the drugged food prepared for it, and the pacing was further evidence that it was ready to breed.“Introduce them,” Phentix ordered, and his assistance turned the wheel that caused the door to open… and let Deidala stumble into the room. The Manticore didn’t care about her ruined beauty, or that she only had one arm. He didn’t care that she had dead eyes and rarely struggled when she was raped anymore. All he cared was that she had tight holes… at least by the standard of his monstrous cock. And in Phentix’s opinion as he watched, Deidala lack of struggle and reaction to being fucked had been greatly overstated – as she was introduced to the creature’s barbed cock, she reacted plenty as far as he was concerned.The show was arousing enough that it was growing distracting. He snapped his fingers, and his research assistant dropped to her knees, quickly parting his robes with practiced fingers and swallowing his cock all the way down her gullet in a single motion. He had trained her well… Chloe had been a rival Master of Sorcere before the fall, one of the drow that had doubted him the most. She was going to be here when he succeeded… he would make sure of that.As the drow wizard he hated most lovingly sucked on his cock, Phentix watched the Manticore rape Deidala with eager eyes. This one would be the one… he could feel it…

Irae strode confidently down the street, the only free woman left in the entire city and reveled in the scope of the transformation she had wrought. All around her, the only drow women she saw wore collars and slave brands, and if any wore clothing at all it showed off their assets more than it maintained any modesty. More than one of them gave her a dirty look as she passed, but most drow – male and female both – dropped their gaze and tried to escape the High Priestess’ notice. The surface elves, those that were weren’t in the middle of being raped, only looked at her long enough to realize that she wasn’t one of them before their eyes widened in horror after realizing that the Albino was the architect of their destruction. In truth, Irae had nothing against her sex, nor any care for the elevation of men… she left matters of that to Nimor and his Jaezred Chaulssin. Matters of philosophy, the supremacy of one sex over another, mattered not to her in the slightest. The only thing she cared for was revenge. The priestesses of Lolth had cast her out for being born a Szarkai. Her mother, one of the priestesses of that unholy order, had tried to have her killed. For that crime, she had shattered their order… and the simmering rage of the men that had held down so long made the ideal tool. Nimor might be the Annointed Blade of the Jaezred Chaulssin, but he was far from the only agent of his father – the fall of Menzoberra’s Jewel had triggered uprising in every drow enclave in the underdark. She wasn’t sure if she was now the only free drow woman in the darkness, but she suspected that she was… and far from filling her with concern, she felt only satisfaction at the shattering of Lolth’s faith. Done by her hand, revenge for the insult they had given her by trying to have her killed, and more damningly, by dismissing her and casting her out.It hadn’t been as big of a crime as the exile of the drow into Underdark, of course. That betrayal had put the faith of Lolth in charge in the first place and had lead directly to her own dismissal… but that debt had also come due now, thanks to her.She walked the path up to the raised plateau of Qu’ellarz’orl, the former home of the ruling families of the city. They were more dispersed now, but it was the location of the palace that had once belonged to House Baenre, and the Queen of the city… so now it was Irae’s own home. The path itself, however, was one of her favorite places in the city. Heads on spikes lined the road… drow and surface elf alike. Some of her favorite trophies of her victory over the faith of Lolth and the hated surface elves. Eyes of blue and green and brown and glowing drow red followed her as she walked the path, jaws working as they tried breathlessly to scream or beg for death. Irae would let them… eventually. When she was dead. Perhaps.Some of her trophies were covered in cum, she noted with a wrinkled nose. She knew that the heads were popular to use for sport by passing men, and that was good – further humiliation for the women who deserved this kind of eternal torment – but if their faces were so throughly plastered she couldn’t recognize them, it wouldn’t be good. She made a note to have one of the slaves walk the path and lick their faces clean tonight.The palace was enormous… far too large for just one woman who lived alone. It didn’t matter. It was hers, and she dared anyone to try and take it from her, knowing what she had done to the last elves who had tried to take something from her. Keya opened the door for her as she approached, the undead elf woman one of the servants allowed in to tend to Irae’s needs, and Irae was quick to instruct her to have the trophies cleaned before she forgot. Then, after a meal and a glass of her favorite wine, she headed up the balcony that was her favorite place in his palace… the best view offered of the entire city.The pale-skinned rug was soft beneath her feet as she strode up the balcony, and with each step the necromancer could feel the torment of the soul she had bound to it. Queen Gaelira’s soul hadn’t been allowed to go free… Irae had bound her to her new floor mat, left to eternally relive the torment of gagging on her son’s cock while she was flayed alive. She leaned over the railing, looking out at the city that she had made her own, and smiled at her favorite trophy. “They tell legends about you, you know,” she said with a grin.Queen Quenthel Baenre’s head rested on the balcony next to her, impaled where she could see both the city and Irae. The necromantic magic had kept her perfectly preserved… she still looked every bit as fresh as she had the day that Irae had watched her be strangled… perfect and beautiful, the Queen and High Priestess of Lolth was her pride as joy as a prize, the symbol of how far she had gone, and who she had taken it from. “The Queen so pathetic that she allowed her entire gender to fall. Weak. Pathetic. Disgraceful. I didn’t expect many of the women to start worshipping Kiaransalee after the fall of Lolth but I certainly underestimated most of your fellow drow’s hatred of you. They burn you in effigy when they get a chance, you know.” Irae laughed. “Nothing lasts forever. In a few thousand years, maybe some cocky, talented woman very much like Nimor will revolt and will lead to the women taking back power in this city… but it won’t be in Lolth’s name. And they will remember you… the woman who led them to damnation. That’s why I’ve made sure you are going to last forever, my Queen. I’ll be long gone by then… but you won’t be. You’ll be here to greet them… and I only hope I get a chance to watch what they do to you from the next life.”The look of rage on Quenthel’s face was delicious. Irae flicked her nose condescendingly just to make her try – pointlessly – to bite at her. Good luck without a neck. “Tell me, oh whore queen. What bothers you most? That you failed so utterly that your kingdom, goddess, your very sex has fallen? Or that I rule your kingdom more completely than you ever did?” She chuckled as she watched Keya lashing a random elf slave from behind as she drove the bitch down the street, where that one elf would need to lick the cum of thousands of men off the heads of drow and elf alike. Irae’s victory was not yet complete… but by the goddess, it was good to enjoy the spoils.

Taeri D’lae looked around Menzoberranzan with a profound sense of distaste. The city was beautiful, she supposed… if you were only going to look no deeper than the colors, the faerie fire lighting the sculptures, the stone buildings. The beauty was no deeper than the surface… this city was ugly to the bone. This city was the last place in the world she wanted to be… but it was where her people had been taken. So it was where she needed to go.The surface had become increasingly hostile in the last few years… enough so that Taeri was willing to consider as insane of a plane as this… but she saw the extinction of her people looming. She had spent the last ten years moving from town to town, finding captives elves, ambushing individual drow assassins… and she had made no progress towards freeing her people. The truth was, while she might be a warrior, she was no hero, no royal, no leader. She was skilled, but she didn’t inspire others to follow her. The princess was still alive somewhere in this damned city… the last surviving royal, so far as Taeri knew. She was going to find her. Creeping through the alley outside of one of the drow’s whorehouses, Taeri winced as she stepped in a puddle of something that… she probably didn’t want to examine too closely. This was one of the poorer districts of the city, reserved for house-less drow. Laborers, workers, unskilled craftsmen. One step above slaves, as she understood it. To call this alley a street would be an insult to every other street, but Taeri needed to keep out of sight. Her disguise was only going to take her so far – she had originally thought to hide as a drow female, before she realized that would be nearly as bad in this city as just walking into the street as herself, so she had disguised herself as a man… but her pretty features could only be dulled so much, her large breasts only bound so tight. If she drew much attention to herself, someone would realize what she was… and then it would be short battle with only one end.Even among this foul city… and she had seen no shortage of horror since sneaking past its borders… this brothel seemed a fleck of deeper darkness within the black of the city. Evil radiated from this place, a tangible force that carried with it the smell of suffering. Every instinct in her told Taeri divinely-attuned senses screamed at her to leave this place along, to turn around and go away. But if she did that… her race would continue slowly dying out, and courage had never a thing she’d lacked in.Thankfully, the brothel was not a well-built structure. The fixtures keeping a window on the second floor were weak, and it only took Taeri a minute to work them loose and slip inside… and that was when she began to hear the screaming. As foul as this place seemed from the outside, it was far worse on the inside. She raised the holy symbol of Corona to her lips and kissed it, but so dark was the evil in this place that it seemed to dim even the brilliance of her goddess’ light – It seemed like her goddess was far, far away, and her light provided no comfort or heat here. She shuddered. The princess had been in a place like this for fifteen years…Moving gracefully in her stolen Piwafwi cloak, she stepped out into the hallway. Men roamed this place, and she tried to look inconspicous… thankfully, she quickly realized that all the men here had more pressing things to pay attention to. Dozens of women were chained up in side room, beaten down, weeping or screaming as they were hurt or raped. In her infiltration, in her time on the surface, in the world since the drow had destroyed her kingdom, Taeri had seen depravity… but the sheer concentration of it here was overwhelming. One way she looked, three men pinning a pretty blonde elf down to one of the tables, making her suck them off one at a time while they crammed empty bottles of booze up her holes. A weeping brunette, barely of age, wept as her bound breasts were whipped, her vain thrashing in search of an escape bringing pleasure to man holding her arms behind her and skewering her ass on his cock. There were even a few drow women here, although not many… and with each atrocity she witnessed, her heart burned hotter for the women here. She longed to save them all and she promised herself that she would… but she needed to start with the ones that weren’t being observed. After she had gotten the princess free, she would do everything in her power to see this entire city burned and buried beneath a collapsing cavern, all her sister elves freed. Sadly, she was beginning to realize that would be much more difficult than she had anticipated. The brothel was bigger than she had thought, and filled with men… finding one specific woman in this mess was a nightmare, and she didn’t even know if she was supposed to look up or down. She didn’t know the rules of this place, expected behavior, payment… there were a million ways she could expose herself. What she needed was someone to tell her where the princess would be… she needed a guide.It took her an hour to find a good prospect… a room with only a single girl in it, with only one man abusing her. The pretty blonde elf was being forced to suck on his cock, something she had evidently been trained to do quite well. She would need to do. Taeri kicked the door shut behind her as she entered, making the man raping the elf look up for a moment before shrugging and turning his attention back onto his victim… a fatal mistake. A moment later, Taeri grabbed his hair and yanked his head back, exposing his throat enough to ram a dagger through it. He sputtered breathlessly, spitting up blood, and dropped soundlessly in a dead heap at her feet a few seconds later.The elf woman looked up at her with wide eyes. As Taeri looked down at her, she realized that the woman was in worse shape that she had originally thought. Barely an inch of the blonde girls skin was not covered with whip welts, and it was only a miracle or some enchantment that had kept her from succumbing to infection. Her pale blonde hair cascaded down over her face, half concealing her eyes as she looked up at her savior. “Hey,” she whispered, almost afraid to talk any louder. “I’m going to get you out of here… I need to know if you’ve seen the Princess.” The blonde woman was panting in terror. “Are you… are you really… here…” she whispered. The poor thing seemed terrified. “Yes,” Taeri said, trying again to be encouraging with her tone, with her body language. “Can you help me? I’ll get you out of here, but I need your help to…”Unfortunately for her, Taeri had no way of knowing that her information was incomplete. That while Princess Elasha’s owner, Lord Jegdrym Philyrr, did indeed own this brothel, is was one of many the wealth drow lord owned, and Elasha wasn’t actually in any of them… she was his personal plaything. That she had picked the most dangerous brothel in the city to try to infiltrate… and that some of the elves were more broken than others after fifteen years. And she had no way of knowing that Gwynnestri Olowynn had gone completely mad long before she had arrived in Menzoberranzan.The Gwynnestri interrupted her. “You’re going to get me killed…” she moaned. “I don’t want to die… I don’t… want to die…” she blinked rapidly. “I’ll… I’ll tell them! They’ll surely show me mercy then!” Her voice grew louder, and more frantic, with each world. As she tilted her head further up, the hair slid away from her face, and Taeri could finally, too late, see the madness lurking in those haunted eyes.“Shhh,” Taeri said, “You need to calm down, stay quiet…”But Gwynnestri wasn’t listening anymore. She was shouting. “Intruder! Intruder! INTRUDER!”“No! No, no, no…” Taeri said frantically, shaking her head. But the other woman did not stop her screaming. She clamped a hand down over her mouth. “Be quiet!” she hissed. “I’m here to save you… I can get you out of here… but only if you stay…”The guard kicked the door hard enough door almost flew off its hinges and stepped into the room, sword drawn. Taeri cursed as a second, and then a third, entered as well, and she spun, drawing her sword, resigned to fighting. Maybe she could cut her way free enough to disappear, come back later. She could fight them. She could… She never saw it coming as Gwynnestri slammed her elbow into the back of her neck, driving her unconscious to the floor in a second. Soon, she would experience most of the depravities she had witnessed first hand… but she would never find the princess she sought. And the next time he had his friends over for drinks, Jegdrym Philyrr had a good laugh with them about how one of the few remaining elvish heroes had delivered herself into his brothels.

Tali quivered with joy as another one of her beloved children sank its ovipositor into her body.  “Children” wasn’t the most accurate term – something like great great great great great great great grandchild would have been more appropriate – but such silly things were no use keeping track of.  They were just her children to her, and she loved them all so much.Her body twitched pleasantly with the arrival of each new egg.  She would have licked her lips in eager anticipation if her hungry children hadn’t chewed both lips and tongue off ages ago.  She’d sacrificed so much of herself to help feed her babies: her eyes, her nose, her breasts, her internal organs.  Even the hole her wonderful child was making love to couldn’t rightly be called just her cunt or just her ass, not after its great great great grandparents had finished devouring the flesh that separated the two.Tali didn’t know much about mortal bodies, but she knew that no creature should have been able to lose so much of herself and still be alive.  It was a miracle, a true blessed miracle, that she was able to remain in her home of darkness and dirt no matter how thoroughly her body was hollowed out.  She’d been down there for decades before she’d figured out the source of her luck: elementals were Shattered not by simple death, but by destruction of their essence.  Fire elementals died when every last flame went out, earth elementals when they were crushed into powder, water when they became completely dry.  And Wind… Wind could only die if it was dispersed.Has she been above ground, that fate would’ve arrived in moments, her tattered body dissolving easily in the breeze, but here in this stagnant cavern, miles below the ground?  Where the closest thing to a breeze was the movement of air caused by her children thrusting into her?  It was impossible.  No matter what became of her body, not matter how much of her was chewed up a minuscule piece at a time, she would never disperse and never Shatter.  This cave would be her home forever.  What a glorious life she’d found!By the time her child was done adding its eggs, more than a dozen others inside of her had already hatched, sending shivers of ecstasy through her as hundreds of new children explored and tasted their loving incubator, just as thousands upon thousands upon thousands of their ancestors had done over the years.  There wouldn’t be much of anything for them to find, since by now she was little more than a translucent bag of skin stuffed to bulging with eggs and children, but she wished them luck.Already another child’s ovipositor was sliding into her so sweetly to bless her with more eggs, and she could hear the delicate tap-tap-tap of dozens more patiently awaiting their turn.  If Tali still had a heart, it would have swelled with love for each and every one of them.  Such wonderful, caring children she had.  Her beautiful family that grew and grew with each passing moment.Her life was bliss.  Pure, unadulterated bliss that would never end.  And it would be even better soon, so much better, once the many children making their home on her face finished chewing off what was left of her ears.  Their tiny mouths made progress slow, but they’d manage it within a few years.It was going to be such a relief to no longer hear that endless screaming.

Aurellia Flaeran’s life was wonderful.When she had first been brought to the estate of Krizoz Flaeran, she had spent almost a year waiting for the other shoe to drop and crush her… but it never came. Krizoz had fed her, clothed her, surrounded her with guards that kept other men away from her. No one touched her against her will any longer. From what she could see from his high balconies almost every house in the city had a woman or two as a slave… but Krizoz did not. No surface elves other than her. Not even any of the drow women that had been overthrown. Even so, it had been nearly a year of careful courtship before she had let him take her to bed.Her husband… husband!… was different from the rest. He was loving, caring, doting. He might be drow, but the way he acted, the way he looked at her… it made her think that the legends had been wrong. That not every drow was a monster who had deserved exile. That banishing an entire race for the sins of their forebearers had been a foul crime. When she had had a daughter, she had feared that it would change things… it had not. If anything, he was a more loving father than he was a husband, and protected his children – her five daughters, now – every bit as thoroughly from the insane society of butchers beyond his doors as he did her. Sirenia, her eldest, was his favorite… he doted on that girl, payed her all the attention in the world, and Aurellia couldn’t blame him – the girl was incredible, smart and beautiful and wonderful and theirs. They had made her together… the two of them.It was a small thing, in a world gone mad… but it gave her hope that the world could some day be made right. Not all the drow were monsters, they were just trapped in a monstrous society. Their marriage, their children, was proof that a union between their races could produce something wonderful. They would find a way to share that gift with the world, someday… together. They would make it right.A knock came at the door, and even after years and years and years as his wife, years since she had been raped, the noise still made her jump. She told herself that she was being silly, that nothing here was going to hurt her… but it still look her a minute to calm her racing heart. “Yes?” she asked.“Dinner is in ten minutes,” a guard said through the door. “The Master wanted me to let you know.”Aurellia beamed. It was a special occasion, after all… their eldest’s birthday. In drow society, girl children stepped being whelps and were considered women when they reached sixteen years old… and Sirenia was half drow. It was time for her to be considered a adult… tonight, she would celebrate with their daughter, and welcome her into the new world that she and Krizoz were trying to create. Tonight was just for them, so she gently put her other daughters to bed, one at a time. Little Maseria, just two years old, went last… clutching at the roll of flakey bread that Aurellia had handed all her daughters to see them fed tonight. The bread was mostly tasteless, when it didn’t taste outright foul, but it made up a large portion of the food she had seen from the drow – it must be easy to grow.With a bounce in her step, Aurellia pranced to the door and out into the corridor, looking resplendent in the golden dress that her husband had given her as a gift. It would have looked ridiculous on a drow complexion and with their silver hair, but on her it made her shine like Corona herself. The guards fell into step behind her… for years, that had made her feel threatened, how close they usually were to her. It took years of none of them touching her, and watching from the balcony, to realize that that level of protection for someone her husband cared about was actually wise. She tried not to shy away from them… they didn’t deserve that she always thought of her numerous drow rapists from the sack of Soleila when she saw soldiers.Her husband waited for for her in the dining room, and Aurellia threw herself into his arms, pressing her lips against his in a passionate kiss. Despite everything, despite how they had met in this hell, she truly, truly loved this man… it was almost worth what she had suffered to have found him. After they broke their kiss, Aurellia blushed to have acted like a young girl again, but she supposed love could do that. She looked around. “Where is our daughter?”“Getting ready I believe…” Krizoz said with an indulgent smile. “I’m sure she’ll be here any minute. You know how she likes to make herself look absolutely perfect.” Aurellia opened her mouth to laugh, to agree that she really did, when the doors parted and four servants came in bearing covered dishes, setting them on the table. “It appears dinner is here ahead of our daughter,” she said, and her husband laughed. The sound of it made her happy, and she laughed as well. “Should we wait for her?”He paused, considering. “No, I don’t think so. We wouldn’t want the food to get cold… I had this made special, after all. I’m sure she’d want us to enjoy it.”Lifting up the covered dishes one by one, Aurellia’s mouth began to water at the unbelievable smell of cooked meat. One of the baskets contained those damned rolls, but beneath the others… She had smelled some meat before in this place – generally Roathe steaks. It was greasy and fatty, and while it was better than the bread it wasn’t anything to be excited about this. This, however… this smelled like the most delicious thing she would ever get to put in her mouth. After catching a whiff and feeling her stomach growl, she didn’t need much encouragement… surely Sirenia would be here shortly, and it would serve her right for being late to such a perfect meal.It tasted even better than it smelled. Juicy and firm and utterly delicious… she hadn’t had anything this good since she had lived in Soleila… possibly ever… and she relished it, cutting mouthful after mouthful off the meat shanks and swallowing them. Across her, her husband ate just as voraciously, a smile on his face never seeming to fade. At last, she sat back, unable to eat another bite.“That was just as delicious as I hoped it would be,” Krizoz said with a slow nod.“I hope we left enough for Sirenia!” Aurellia said, shocked at how lost she had gotten in the good food, that she had forgotten that their daughter still wasn’t here. She thought to ask again where she was, but as she looked across the table at her husband, she saw the basket of rolls again… sitting in the middle of he table. They hadn’t been touched once… not by her, and not by her husband, either. “Ask you a question, lover?”“Of course,” he said, leaning forward like he was eager. He licked his lips, taking in a tiny bit of meat flavor that lingered on his lips. “Why bother with the rolls?” she asked. “I mean… surely I can’t be alone in thinking they aren’t very good. Nutritous enough I suppose, if everyone can live off them… but with a meal like this, why have them at all?”Krizoz smiled at her. “They’re here as a kind of celebration, too,” he admitted. “Without them, I never would have met you.” When she tilted her head, he leaned further forward and continued. “They are foul, aren’t they? Almost all of them are like that. No one likes them, but they keep all the slaves fed, and they’re plentiful. I was the one who discovered them, after the rebellion… we made them, but no one ever wanted to eat them. They were always disgusting… until I realized that one batch sold far better than the others. It seemed like people actually enjoyed those one. I tried one myself and I had to admit… it was actually good.”“I… don’t understand,” Aurellia protested. “These aren’t good at all!”“No, they aren’t,” he agreed. “They aren’t the same batch. There haven’t been any more of those since I rescued you from the tree.” He smiled at her. “That was where they came from, you see. The plants that they can incubate in you grow very quickly… and they can be ground up and processed. And the slaves in the city have plentiful food.”Aurellia didn’t understand what she was hearing. That… thing… that plant-like elf woman that she had birthed in her first days here… it had been slaughtered for food? She remembering thinking of it as an abomination, and thoughts of it had made her shudder for years afterward… but surely it didn’t deserve that! “Krizoz!” she protested. “I… I’ve eaten those!” Horror spread across her face as she grew more and more upset. She stood up. “I fed our daughters those! They… they’re elvish children! We can’t feed them that!”“Of course we can,” Krizoz said as if it were the most reasonable thing in the world. “It’s what all the elves eat.”She was growing… angry. She hadn’t felt like she could get angry anymore… it actually felt good. “How can you not see that is wrong!” she said in disbelief. Surely this man, her husband, could be made to realize… this had to be a cultural difference between their people… something that they would work through. “We can’t feed our children… we can’t… can’t…” She trailed off as a tiny thought began to whisper in the back of her head.“So when I found an elf who could manage to make that disgusting bread taste good,” Krizoz continued, “I knew she had to be something special… and I wondered how much better it could be. The problem was, there was only one of you. I was worried the others wouldn’t be nearly as special.” The drow lord licked his lips again. “I needn’t have worried.”That whisper in her mind was becoming a scream. “Where… where is our daughter?”Krizoz gestured at the remnants of their completed meal. “The farmers insist that Roathe raised with love end up tasting better. Sounded like nonsense to me, but turns out it was true. She was well worth waiting for, wasn’t she?”Aurellia began to scream. She didn’t stop as her husband brought the limbless, titless, still living remnants of Sirenia in, raping her and impregnating her with a future meal. She didn’t stop as she was chained in his bedroom to continue serving her husband as a plaything, to pump out more daughters for him. She never stopped, until the day when she was finally permitted to die, most of a century and thirty more daughters later.

This is an especially brutal story, filled with torture, rape, and snuff. Be sure this is a thing you want to read before continuing.

The years had not been kind to Bonaluria Cartris, but the same could be said for any elf remaining in the world, especially those unfortunate enough to survive long enough to be injected into drow society. Bonaluria’s former role as a priestess had made her an alluring piece of property at first, but only for the first few years of her captivity. She’d spent the bulk of her time as a disposable fuck-slave working in one of the handful of elven brothels littered throughout Menzoberranzan. The fact that she was even still alive after such a lengthy period being casually used and abused by whatever drow male could pay the low cost of hiring her out for a few hours was some kind of cruel miracle, but somehow the former priestess had managed to hold onto her exotic beauty and still had holes tight enough to provide pleasure to the men that violated her multiple times a day.The brand of her original owner was layered over with scars, replaced with the brand of the brothel that had taken possession of her. The mark wasn’t huge but emblazoned upon her right buttock it was quite distinctive with her lack of clothing. It ensured that even if she found a chance to escape the hell of the brothel, she would be dragged back – dead or alive – to continue her duties. She gagged around the cock pushing its way towards the back of her throat, choked as the collar around her neck tightened with the tug of her user. She begged the man to pull the collar tighter, tight enough to finally snuff her out. Death, at least, would offer her an escape. Perhaps even some form of bliss if her goddess, Corona, still looked favorably enough upon her. Unfortunately, neither of her users had paid the extra cost to terminate her, so she was left to gag and drool over one man’s prick while the other shoved his way up her clenching asshole.It was while she was wishing for death, her holy duties thoroughly fucked and tortured out of her, that the drow guardsmen came to collect her. They dragged her from the brothel, not being shy with the exploratory movements of their groping hands as they hauled the disgraced priestess to their own temple. The architecture was jagged and dark, a perfect symbolization of the drow mentality. Just the look of the place managed to send a shiver of fear down Bonaluria’s spine. Nothing good could lurk in such a temple. The fact that she’d been pulled from her regular duties to be brought there only further scared her. Something terrible was about to happen, of that the former priestess was certain, but like everything else in her life since the drow had invaded her realm, she was powerless to stop it.The inside of the temple was, if anything, more imposing than the exterior. There was no comfort to be found on the stiff metal pews, no kindness displayed in the wicked statues lining the walls. Bonaluria recalled her own temple – before its destruction – and how it had always felt like a welcoming place of warmth and kindness. The drow temple was the antithesis of all of that. She spotted a familiar face waiting for her. The years had been even less kind to Gwynnestri Olowynn. Her fellow priestess – the only other remaining survivor from her temple – had lost her mind during the invasion, and judging by the wild-eyed look she had, she’d never regained it. Bonaluria felt a spark of jealousy for the woman. She was certain the woman’s overeager attitude towards her abuse had done her no favors – that much was clear from the myriad of scars covering her naked flesh – but she’d at least had the benefit of not having her sanity weighing her down. Two other elven women cowered beside Gwynnestri. Amisra Keylee and Clanire Enharice were both former priestess, although Bonaluria had never met them previously. They’d been pulled from one of the more remote temples on the surface fairly recently. They’d been in Menzoberranzan less than a year, but they’d already seen more than their share of debasement.The sight of Princess Elasha startled Bonaluria for a number of reasons. It was shocking to see a member of the royal house, even after all this time, laid bare in public. By the look of it, Elasha’s naturally golden hair had received a recent touchup to the crimson coloring she’d gained in the wake of her mother and father’s deaths. The hair was still damp with blood, courtesy of the used-up elf breeder who’d finally outlived her appeal. A thick collar circled Elasha’s throat, rusted spikes angled inwards to dig painfully into her flesh with even the most casual tug of the leash clipped to it. Judging by the ring of scars circling the woman’s neck, the leash received frequent tuggings. She remained perched on her hands and knees, like a well-trained animal, tired eyes alert and glancing up to her owner – a high profile drow lord – to catch even a hint of whatever whims might be stirring him at any given moment. The princess was a broken shell of a woman, her former life of luxury completely forgotten. The most startling thing about the princess was her mere presence in the temple. To have her trotted out of whatever private dungeon she spent the majority of her time meant that whatever was being planned was bigger than anything Bonaluria had witnessed in the awful city up until that point.And she’d seen no shortage of terrible atrocities.Former soldiers lined up like cattle, violently bred to produce valuable half-breed offspring. The males slaughtered as soon as they left the birth canal, the females ferried off and auctioned away to endure far worse fates.Dryads, half-dead from being taken so far from their sacred forests, spitted while they still drew breath for public roasts. The drow seemed to have developed a particular taste for the women. Bonaluria had been forced to taste a portion of well-roasted dryad cunt-steak once, much to the amusement of her former owner. She’d been disgusted to find that she could see the appeal.The severed heads of so many elven men and women – and drow women – lining the streets, returned to a half-life of misery, screaming silently out at passersby when they weren’t being pulled off their spikes to be casually used as sexual aids.So many public executions, displaying the full extent of sadistic delight the drow mind possessed.To think that something worse was primed to take place within the wicked temple left Bonaluria feeling faint, on the verge of puking.There was a tense period of waiting. Elasha’s owner – Jegdrym Philyrr – decided to pass the time by crouching behind his pet and sliding his prick into her still tight pussy. Elasha panted urgently, shifting back and forth along his shaft, doing her best to avoid the hard yanks of the leash. The priestesses were left to fidget amongst one another, but the leering gaze of the other high profile drow guests told Bonaluria that they were merely waiting for the main event to start before they moved in to start using them. Gwynnestri – in her infinite madness – began to masturbate, whimpering aloud that it had been too long since she’d had something hard stuffed into her. Her behavior – though an affective tease – was rewarded with a hard strike to the back of her head that seemed to settle her down somewhat.Finally, the doors opened. Bonaluria turned her eyes towards the threshold, breath caught on her quivering lips. Drow guards entered first, not a surprise. The trio of chained up women trudging miserably in their wake was. The breath left the former priestess’s lips in a short, horrified gasp. The trio were Avariel elves, their wings tightly bound against their backs. Their breed of elf was rare enough to be the cause for an event all themselves, but Bonaluria knew they were merely part of the precession. Although stripped nude, the Avariel carried themselves in a certain way, exuding a kind of presence. She’d seen something close to it amongst her own sisterhood of priestesses, only this was on a far more powerful level. They’re handmaidens, she surmised, the nausea in her gut swirling to greater strength. For… oh, Goddess…It was Her.Beaten severely and restrained with heavy chains, the Goddess Corona stumbled her way into the unholy temple. Her beautiful face showed signs of extreme fatigue, a sign of just how weak she’d grown as her worshipers had been slaughtered and corrupted. Bonaluria damned herself even as she retched onto the floor, wishing she’d had the courage to at least try to maintain her daily worshipping to the goddess. But between all of the cocks and all of the torture – and the certainty of painful death if she was caught even thinking about practicing her old ways – she’d had little time and less incentive to try something so risky. Clearly, none of the other priestesses had, either. Certainly not Gwynnestri. And now they’d been brought together to witness the cost of their dereliction.Irae and Nimor strolled in behind Corona, looking even smugger than usual. The last figures to enter the temple were enough to loosen Bonaluria’s bladder from the all-consuming terror their mere presence instilled.The male was stunningly gorgeous, in an icy way. He looked not too dissimilar from any other drow, aside from the added spark in his glowing crimson eyes and the casual strut of confidence. Vhaeraun, the god of tricksters, assassins, and murder. Rumor had it, he’d also added rape to his debacherous collection of cherished vices. He was the son of Lolth, the once supreme goddess amonst the drow race. The tales of the atrocities Vhaeraun had visited upon his mother in the wake of the rebellion of the drow males were already being cemented into legend, one of the first chapters in the history of the reinvented race. After years of claiming to be only for equality between the genders in drow society, Vhaeraun had either grown weary of the prolonged suffering of his fellow males or had merely revealed his true intentions. Whatever the true reasons were behind his motivations, it hardly mattered. His side had been triumphant, thanks in large part to his most devoted worshiper, Nimor.The female was an icon of grotesque beauty. Half of her face was flawlessly crafted and awe-inspiring. The other half inspired nothing but dread, a skeletal visage. Kiaransalee was the drow goddess of death, necromancy, and vengeance. She had many devotees, and she was just as likely to savor smiting and torturing them as she was praising them if they failed to live up to her high expectations. She had no greater champion than Irae, the albino outcast who’d been pivotal in the staging of the drow revolt that allowed her to claim vengeance over those who’d mocked her, and then press onwards to settle an even older grudge against the surface dwelling elves.Bonaluria had only ever heard stories of the deities. She’d never expected to lay eyes on them. But the capture of an elven goddess was no common occurrence. Perhaps its a trick, she thought, allowing herself a desperate flicker of hope for the first time in two decades. Perhaps Corona allowed herself to be captured to lure these two out of hiding, so she could deal a devastating blow to these drow scum. Even as she thought the words, the disgraced priestess knew she was wrong. Even though the plot had wisdom to it, she knew her goddess would never allow the filthy drow to touch her, let alone bind her, unless she was too weak to stop them. There was no subterfuge to be found in this event, no stunning release from the ongoing nightmare that had fallen over every elf who still drew breath. This was simply another milestone on the dark road to elven extinction.Corona was led through the temple, Irae chuckling as she viciously cracked a riding crop across the chained goddess’s perfect ass cheeks. A large stone altar dominated the front of the temple, its top and sides intricately carved with images of suffering and sexual domination, no doubt a hint of what had transpired upon the altar previously as well as what awaited Corona. The chains were removed and for a brief moment of breathtaking beauty that was not warranted in such a grim locale, the goddess was allowed to fully extend her magnificent wings. The drow guards lifted her and roughly forced her back across the altar, stretching her arms and legs away from her body and securing her in place. To witness her once powerful goddess stripped bare and forced to expose herself to her enemies in such a vile manner broke Bonaluria’s heart. She wanted to drop to her knees and begin praying fervently. Instead, she was forced onto her knees and made to suck on the high society cock of one of the drow attendees.“Corona, once the goddess of light and justice for the elven race,” Irae announced with a cruel smile. “The time has come for you to pay for the sins of your worshippers. Sins they’ve been paying for themselves for the last twenty years. But a being of your caliber does not deserve to languish in some filthy brothel somewhere, servicing a handful of men each day. You will remain here, in this temple, on display for all to look upon, for all to use as they see fit. You will remain here until every cock in the underdark has sampled your flesh. No longer will you be seen as the goddess of light and justice. You will be a goddess of whores. Of damned women. Of disposable pleasure. Only after that title has been thoroughly ingrained into your body will you then yourself be disposed of.” Irae giggled. “I do hope you’re comfortable. You’re going to be here for a while.”“And to start things off,” Nimor picked up, his grin even more menacing than Irae’s. “We’ve invited a special guest. My father, Chaulssin, will be the first to defile you.”At the mention of his name, Chaulssin entered the temple. His grotesquely demonic visage seemed to darken the already murky lighting within the temple. Long, sharp-tipped claws twitched eagerly at his sides as he fluttered his leathery black wings. In his human-like form, he provided a disturbing counterbalance to Corona’s pure angelic beauty. Even in that form, he looked more than capable of giving the bound goddess a torturous rape. But even in her weakened state, Chaulssin was certain the woman could handle more than his human figure had to offer. Gasps spread around the temple as the hideous figure shifted and expanded into the demi-god’s true form; a Shadow Dragon behemoth that left the massive temple feeling overly crowded.Chaulssin stomped his way over to Corona, sending reverberations through the solid stone foundation of the ancient temple. With the bulk of the creature in her way and a stiff cock pumping down her throat, Bonaluria could not see the face of her goddess, but she hoped it matched the defiant glower she imagined in her mind. It did not. Staring up at the Shadow Dragon’s massive, hideous head, Corona trembled with fear. She’d spent what had seemed an eternity basking in the powerful aura of her worshipers, an unstoppable force to be reckoned with. Weakness had never come naturally to her. With the heavy chains holding her down and her own proud handmaidens already being carelessly used as sextoys right beside her, weakness was all she had left. Her pride revolted against this new, terrible state, but even her ego could not contend with the all-too-real presence of the enormous Shadow Dragon perched over her. There had been a time, and it felt not very long ago, that she could have easily battled the creature off, crippling or killing it for its arrogant assumption that she was merely a pretty piece of flesh to be violated. Now… she could only cower and wait for him to take what he liked from her.Chaulssin’s cock started from between his rear legs and stretched a third of the way up his belly, making the full length of his member greater than Corona’s height from the tips of her toes to the top of her head. There were battering rams capable of bashing through even the sturdiest of castle walls less girthy than the Shadow Dragon’s prick. The sexual organ was designed to dominate and satisfy feisty female dragons. No human-sized mate could hope to survive an encounter with it, but even in her weakened state, Corona had enough power to endure what was about to be done to her. Much to her own dismay.The Shadow Dragon lowered himself closer to Corona, shifting his body back so he could slide his throbbing erection between her widely splayed legs. The firm tip of the dragon cock nestled snugly against the goddess’s crotch, prodding against her hairless cunt lips. Digging his front claws into the altar and bracing his rear against the floor, Chaulssin pushed forward with steady force. The pressure against the entrance of her snatch grew. The Shadow Dragon huffed and grunted against her face, watching the rising strain in her glistening eyes. His forked tongue slithered free to lap up a quick taste of the goddess’s burgeoning tears. The salty flavor sparked his lust to greater heights, teasing a hard pelvic thrust out of him that proved sufficient to finally breach Corona’s sex. The goddess howled, her pride not nearly strong enough to hold back the cunt-punch of pain ripping up through her loins as her pussy lips expanded to obscene proportions.With the struggle of penetration at an end, Chaulssin hammered deeper into Corona, driving the bulging shaft of his flesh further up her body. Her wings fluttered about beneath her, lithe muscles straining against the chains in a desperate effort to rip herself free and escape the agonizing damnation of the rigid meat tearing through her gut. Corona’s screams became urgent gagging as she hacked up thick wads of blood and clumps of pulverized organ. Chaulssin slowed his punishing strokes upon reaching the midway point of the goddess’s body. He drew back, dragging thick inches of blood-smeared prick free from her obscenely gaping snatch, before driving them back into the woman. He carried on like that for a while, giving Corona the time to recover and heal from the internal destruction he’d given her so far, letting her wailing echo of the cavernous walls of the temple, blend with the soggy squelching of his shifting member.Bonaluria would have hated the symphony of suffering filling the temple even if she hadn’t been aware of who the tortured songbird was. To hear such shrieks of helpless anguish torn from the lips of her beloved goddess crushed her soul in ways she’d thought impossible. She ground her hips back to meet the spirited thrusts of the drow stretching her asshole open with mechanical rhythm while slurping wetly at the testicles of the man standing before her. Her fellow priestesses were enduring similar assaults. Gwynnestri seemed to be having the time of her life as she bounced swiftly between the cocks sliding into her cunt and ass, begging the drow towering over her to choke her harder as he spat across her flushed, sweaty face. Amistra was laid out on her back, face buried into the crack of a drow male’s ass, tonguing at his sphincter with desperate urgency, while another sat on her chest, fucking rapidly between her mashed tits. Clanire knelt on one of the pews, body bent over the back of it while a queue of eager drow took turns fucking her pussy while swatting her plump buttocks.The celebratory event had encouraged Jegdrym to allow a more communal usage of his prized slave. Princess Elasha scooted on her knees from one drow to the next, presenting her open, cum-clogged mouth to all those interested in sampling it. Most of the men were quite happy to fuck her royal face with enthusiastic gusto, while others simply smacked her around a bit with their members before forcing her to do all of the work. Jegdrym beamed with pride as he received praise for the oral talents of his obedient whore. The princess attended to her disgraceful duties with dull, lifeless eyes. She’d not felt even a faded flicker of hope in her heart since the day she’d been forced to watch her parents butchered. As far as she was concerned, this day wasn’t so different from any of the other terrible days she’d lived in the last twenty years.Priestess and princess were used roughly and without care, but their treatment seemed almost kind in comparison to the treatment of the Avariel handmaidens. Freshly caught and filled with a defiant rage that grew only stronger as a result of seeing what was being done to their goddess, they were beaten severely even as they were raped. Their powerful wings were broken, left mangled and useless. Khiiral – by far the most rebellious of the handmaidens – had her teeth pried loose from her mouth after daring to bite down on one of the cocks presented to her. The men enjoyed the fight the handmaidens possessed, which was the only reason they weren’t quickly dispatched. Their energetic thrashing and flailing provided the drow with satisfying fucks, the likes of which they’d not found in any of their elven captives for more than a decade.Although she could not see any of it, Corona’s close spiritual connection with her handmaidens allowed her to feel something of what they were experiencing. Under any other circumstances, she’d have felt rage and sorrow for their suffering. But compared to her own ongoing agony, she could only feel bitter resentment. She gagged and gasped breathlessly as Chaulssin’s massive cockhead beat its way under her ribcage, smashing the organs within flat. The flesh of her neck bulged as the Shadow Dragon fucked his way up the back of her throat. Only Corona’s divine spark kept her head from being ripped free from her body, working against her to keep her alive through the torment as her jaw snapped and the gory tip of the weapon-like erection jutted free from her gaping mouth. Growling with delight, Chaulssin fucked more of his cock through Corona, allowing her to stare, wide-eyed, at the first few feet of his giant prick. When her widely stretched pussy lips finally rested against the base of his shaft, the Shadow Dragon drew back and began to forceful rhythm of thrusts through the full length of her tortured body, transforming her into a loose flesh receptacle for his pleasure.After boring a massive cock-shaped hole through Corona for more than an hour, Chaulssin’s pumps quickened. He tilted his head back, emitting a roar of triumph as he came through the barely alive goddess’s ruined body. Heavy spurts of cum sprayed from her gaping, broken mouth, coating her face in heavy layers in moments as the majority of the spunk splattered across the back wall of the temple. She shuddered – both from the pervasive pain as well as the stimulated twitches running down the Shadow Dragon’s shaft – until the climax ended. Drawing his spent member free from the goddess’s thoroughly wrecked form, Chaulssin drew himself inwards, shifting back into his still horrifying but significantly smaller form. Climbing up onto the altar, he straddled Corona’s chest and snared a fistful of her jizz-laden hair, forcing her face to peer up at him. Extending one of his long claws to her head, he jabbed the tip through the layer of skin covering her forehead, etching out his name with slow precision. Hot blood flowed over the cum coating her face, blending with it. When he finished signing his conquest, he released his grip on her, letting her head drop back against the altar. He climbed off of the defiled goddess and turned, leisurely strutting from the temple, leaving his once noble victim to shudder and sob as she slowly healed from the devastation he’d visited upon her holy body.Bonaluria earned a brief reprieve in the wake of Chaulssin’s exit as she and the other women gathered to be witnesses to the goddess’s prolonged defilement and execution were abandoned by their users. They gathered at the center of the temple, pushing into a loose queue, trading places as one drow asserted their dominance over another to gain better positioning while they waited to take their turns with Corona. Several of the more powerful players were wise enough to allow others to go ahead of them, but not out of any sense of generosity. The first few eager abusers found their plaything still largely ruined thanks to the Shadow Dragon’s vigorous usage. Even her asshole was blown out as a result of her cunt flesh ripping part of the way through her initial rape. With impatient men prodding them along from behind, they were forced to climb onto the altar and satisfy their lust with the goddess’s still stunning tits. They added their creamy deposits to her messy form before being handed a blade to carve their names into her body just like Chaulssin had.Nearly half of the high society drow males had taken a turn with Corona by the time her body mended itself enough to return her to a fuckable – albeit still loose – state. Her jaw healed the fastest, fresh teeth splitting through the bloody sockets left in her gums, ensuring that the next third of the men to take her focused almost exclusively on violating her mouth, forcing her to guzzle down their loads. Sticky wads of cum drained heavily from her gasping mouth before long, making her disturbingly thankful when enough time had passed to restore her mangled genitals. Although the forceful pumping between her strained thighs was far from pleasant, it at least didn’t come with a foul taste. By the time everyone in the line finished violating her, Corona’s body had been restored to a nearly flawless state, with the exception of the deep gouges carved into her flesh, each one spelling out the name of her already numerous abusers. The magic permeating the dagger used to create the markings would ensure the wounds would heal more slowly, leaving behind ugly scar tissue. Already, names covered her from head to toe, although there were certain areas were the grouping was much tighter, specifically across her breasts, just above her crotch, along the insides of her thighs, and spreading across her face.In the time it had taken the invited guests to conclude their terrible business with Corona, a huge crowd of drow men had gathered outside the temple. Those bold enough to drag along a female slave or two to have something to pass the time while they waited for a crack at the goddess found their playthings torn away from them at the temple’s entrance. The only women deemed worthy enough to step foot inside the temple were already there. The others were tossed to the crowd to keep them appeased during their long wait. With the bloodthirsty excitement permeating the huge gathering, none of them survived long. Not that it stopped the rowdy bunch of men from taking turns with their carcasses. It was only after they’d grown too loose and soggy to provide any degree of entertainment that the bodies eventually made their way to the outskirts of the throng, tossed carelessly into the road and trod over as even more fresh and eager males closed in around the temple.The event lasted weeks. Small, manageable groups of men were allowed into the temple at a time, free to make use of the priestesses while they waited. Jegdrym had Elasha chained to a wall, turning a tidy sum as he offered the waiting men the opportunity to fuck a princess’s mouth for a small fee. The tougher men took advantage of the handmaidens. Their feistiness had waned somewhat since their capture, but they still held a violent spark of defiance that made them entertainingly dangerous prey. But despite the valuable appetizers filling the temple, Corona remained the ultimate delicacy. Even as more and more names were sliced into her scarred body, a special kind of radiant beauty filled her, made all the more beautiful by the state of constant suffering she was kept in. When no inch of her skin remained unmarred by a collection of letters, fresh names were dragged through her flesh, overlapping with those beneath. The most cherished portions of her body to sign remained largely the same, ensuring that the most important men to fuck her had no chance of identifying their own signings, only brief glimpses of their names even remotely visible beneath multiple layers of scar tissue.It took several days before Bonaluria’s grief for her goddess dwindled away completely. None of them were given any time to rest, the event going on endlessly. There were times when her exhaustion became severe enough that she simply passed out, lying listlessly as men had their way with her. Even Gwynnestri’s insanity-bolstered stamina could not sustain her, although Bonaluria suspected perhaps her former holy sister had been fucked sane during the course of the event when she caught her whispering urgently to the drow pumping away at her swollen pussy, begging him to strangle her to death. She’d looked relieved when she coaxed him to action, eyes rolling back as he mashed his thumbs into her throat. The guards were quick to yank the aggressive drow off of her, hacking off his right hand as punishment. Bonaluria had thought she’d seen something close to disappointment in Gwynnestri’s eyes as she coughed air through her bruised windpipe. But then the look was gone, and the psychotic priestess returned to playing with herself while beckoning another man to come over and sooth her aching throat with a load of his seed.When every drow male had violated Corona’s body in some way or another, the lesser races were allowed to take their turns. Packs of goblins worked away at her in groups of three or four, tinkering with the goddess’s flesh, working to pump mind-destroying pleasure through her. But the pain and misery she’d sustained up until that point was too great to be contended with. Their efforts only worked to further torment and humiliate her. The goblins considered it a failure, but the drow god and goddess overseeing the festivities were quite pleased with the outcome.The orcs used her roughly. Even rougher when they were informed they could beat the goddess during their usages. They slammed their fists into her scarred flesh, snapping her bones and pulverizing her organs, as they rammed their cocks into her holes. They tore clumps of bloody feathers from her wings and forced her to swallow them. They beat her face so badly that her right cheek caved in and one of her eyes popped free from its socket. Corona was given lengthier gaps between her usages while the orcs had their fun with her, allowing her body time to recover from the violent beatings they unleashed upon her.Ogres came next, each of them breaking open Corona’s holes with their massive members, although none were large enough to come close to the level of devastation Chaulssin had given her. Not that it stopped the giants from trying. They fucked their full lengths into the goddess’s body, leaving her innards a gory mess of pulverized organs basted in soupy pools of jizz.The goddess was only vaguely recognizable by the time the full assortment of higher lifeforms finished using her. Every inch of her body was scarred with the overlapping collection of thousands of names. When the names carved across her front were too numerous and still bleeding to allow for any further etchings, she was rolled over to expose more flesh to use as a marking pad. When her backside got to a similar point, she was turned again, revealing the healed scar tissue ready to be used once more. From the soles of her feet to her scalp, down each limb, even through the thin skin hiding beneath her thickly feathered wings, she bore numerous names, each one left by a man who’d violated her, used her as nothing more than a pleasantly fuckable piece of trash.When the last of the ogres finally spat his messy spunk into Corona’s mangled body and trudged out of the temple, Bonaluria had dared to hope that the event had finally come to an end. Just kill her already, she thought selfishly, ashamed to find herself yearning for the brothel. She’d not found anything close to a pleasant day at the place and she suspected she’d find only further torment upon her return – if she was allowed to return – but at least there she had moments, far too brief, of reprieve between her numerous assaults. She glared over at the disfigured beauty strapped to the altar. The love she’d had for the woman had been the purest love she’d ever known, but she felt none of it lingering within her. Now she looked upon Corona with hateful disdain. She regretted devoting her life to the goddess. Perhaps without her added dose of daily worship, the bitch would have done her a favor and died already. She begged the drow to finish off the ugly lump of holy meat groaning pathetically on the altar, certain that her endless stream of rapes had to finally be at an end.When the first of the spider lizards was herded through the temple doors, Bonaluria began to sob. It appeared that Irae’s claim that every cock in the underdark would have a chance to violate Corona’s body would be carried out the most perverse of extremes. After twenty years of being a whore to the drow, the former priestess did not have enough strength left in her to even feign surprise at the revelation. All she could do was watch as the spider-lizard mounted the goddess and silently beg for the beasts to be quick with their business. An attendant stood beside Corona, dagger in hand, meticulously marking out etchings for each of the beasts that had their way with the disgraced goddess. Individual names, it seemed, were not important. Only an extensive, impossible to decipher record of all of Corona’s rapes was.It took several more days until every manner of beast lurking within the Menzoberranzan was led into the temple. Giant spiders, their minds leashed by dark magic, stuffed Corona’s body full of their eggs only to have them stomped into gooey mush by the heavy boots of drow soldiers. Hounds knotted themselves into her tight asshole before having their pricks popped free, leaving the orifice to gape open obscenely as the goddess shat out gooey streams of canine ejaculate. Several horses stolen from the surface were brought in to pound away at her cunt and ass with their flat-headed pricks, but after the Shadow Dragon and the ogres, even those extreme penetrations seemed comical. Each beast earned a mark on Corona’s scarred flesh, although none of them possessed the intelligence to comprehend what was happening. They only knew that the pliant lump strapped down before them was pleasant to hump into. That limited comprehension was more than enough for them to serve their purpose.Surely, that’s the end of it, Bonaluria thought wearily as she lapped at the cum squirting from her latest user’s dick, watching a mangy runt of a dog kicked from the temple and into the waiting hands of the butcher lying in wait.Again, the exhausted priestess was wrong. That the trolls had been left until the very end showed just how little the drow thought of them. Freed from their coffins for a brief period, they were ushered into the temple and set loose upon Corona. They humped away at her with psychotic frenzy, caring not that their toy had been a beloved deity once. The trolls may have possessed names at some point, but they’d long forgotten them, along with the ability to write. So the same method as was done with the beasts was utilized again, with the attendee scrawling out TROLLS in big, bleeding letters across Corona’s belly, before adding a stroke for each of the lunatics that violated her. After nearly another week and a thousand more rapes, Corona’s time as a bound-up fuck-doll finally came to an end.Released from her chains, Corona was made to stand on the altar. The weakness in her legs was too great to keep her on them for long, so more chains were used to keep her up. They kept her legs parted, her arms out to her sides. Hooks were driven through her wings, forcing them to expand fully. She was left to stand there for a full day. No one touched her. No one even approached her. There was no need to. Every male in the underdark had already sampled her and the leftovers weren’t nearly appealing enough o draw interest from even the most desperate man, outside of the trolls. And they were all locked up in their coffins again. The message was clear enough. Corona, goddess of light and justice for the elven race, was now nothing more than the most raped woman in all of history. The layered scars covering every inch of her flesh were mirrored on her psyche. There was no pride left in her, no air of superiority or divine grace.As a pathetic sign of their everlasting devotion to their goddess, even when it was so obvious that their goddess no longer believed in herself, the handmaidens still showed signs of aggressive rebellion against their captors. With the festivities now winding down, their spirited efforts were no longer a source of entertainment but a sign that the Avariel were too troublesome to keep around. One by one, they were brought before Corona, forced to kneel before her and stare up at what had been done to their deity and given the chance to forsake her and embrace the drow as their new masters.Khiiral – still by far the feistiest of the Avariel – was the first to kneel, her legs kicked out from under her in order to force her to assume the position. Irae asked her to submit. Khiiral responded with a toothless scowl and spat a wad of blood and jizz towards the albino. With a nod from Irae, the handmaiden’s wings were viciously hacked from her back. Khiiral screamed, fell into a gasping heap against the bloody floor, and then was dragged back up onto her knees and asked, a second time, to submit. The handmaiden twisted her head away from the woman, staring angrily at the nearest pew. Irae was unbothered by the refusal and signaled the drow guard to lop off the handmaiden’s arms. Before she had a chance to ask for the Avariel’s obedience a third time, Khiiral responded, shrieking out that she would never betray Corona. The words were a little muddy between the shrieks of agony and the missing teeth, but clear enough to understand. She’d barely finished speaking them before her head was hacked away.The second handmaiden – Pirphal – was dropped into Khiiral’s place after the dead Avariel’s twitching husk was dragged off to the side. Her defiance seemed to be wavering, but after a few moments of panicked breathing, she steadied herself and seemed to find a comforting calmness in the face of the pain waiting to strike her down. Irae asked her to submit anyway, and received only stoic silence in response as Pirphal stared up at Corona’s ruined flesh with something like awe and sadness. The handmaiden’s silence was broken by her anguished scream as her belly was split open and her steaming guts came spilling out of her, but she managed to seal her lips tightly when Irae asked the second time. Sighing with annoyance, Irae barked to the guard to just finish the bitch. A moment later, the man’s sword was rammed through Pirphal’s back, exploding from between her jizz-glazed tits. She stared down at the bloody blade, a priceless expression of shock filling her face before the slackness of death stole it away.With the butchered remains of her sisters only a few feet away and the disfigured visage of her goddess suspended before her, Erlan was trembling badly as she was made to kneel. She broke into heavy sobs as Irae asked her to submit, sputtering out pleas for Corona to forgive her. Irae rolled her eyes with impatience, a moment away from ordering the final handmaiden’s execution when the winged elf threw herself to the ground, shrieking out her submission to the drow race and forsaking her goddess. The sudden turn surprised Irae. She didn’t fully trust the Avariel’s submission, but the look of betrayal on Corona’s hideously scarred face was too perfect to ruin by cutting it short with Erlan’s death. Instead, she instructed the guard to snap the magically imbued shock collar around the handmaiden’s neck. Even if the woman rediscovered her spark of defiance, it would easily handled. If she proved too troublesome as a slave later on, she would be disposed of in the same brutal fashion as her sisters had been.With the handmaidens dealt with, the time had finally come for Corona’s execution. A noose, woven from the harvested hair of elf women, was secured to the temple’s rafters. Vhaerun was given the honors of slipping the noose over Corona’s head and cinching it tightly around her throat. As he loomed behind the defiled deity, he leaned in close to her, taking the opportunity to get a feel of her heavily scarred tit flesh. “You’ve done such a good job looking after these elves,” he growled into her ear as he teased at the lumps where Corona’s nipples had been. “Ferrying them into a blissful afterlife. Someone will need to look after all those souls once you’re gone. I hope you don’t mind that I’ve decided to take up your mantel.” He leaned over Corona’s shoulder to see her reaction to the news. It wasn’t much, but the spark of sudden dread that flashed in her exhausted eyes was enough to bring a smile to his lips. “That’s right, cunt. That heaven you made for them will become a never-ending orgy of suffering. Even death will not spare these pests from torment.” He tightened the knot on the noose, forcing it to dig into Corona’s throat. “I only have a single regret. You won’t be there to witness it. So please, as a personal favor to me, spend this last little time you’ve got imagining it, won’t you?”It was clear to Vhaerun that Corona would have given anything to deny him his request, just as it was clear that she could not help but think of all of the terrible things he planned on doing to the souls tucked safely away in the great beyond. After more than a month of endless rape and torture, the goddess found she was still capable of shedding tears. More than that, she found that she still had something to fight for, even though all hope of saving herself was lost. The chains were loosened from her limbs and the hooks were removed from her wings and she found she had enough strength to remain standing on her own.That was a start.The worship and devotion of her priestesses had bolstered her strength throughout the years, the tending of her handmaidens had cultivated and focused it. But even before all of them, before she’d risen to her full state of power, she’d still been strong. She’d simply spent too much time being endlessly adored to remember that there’d been a goddess within her all along waiting to emerge. One born of self-reliance and unwavering devotion to those things she’d grown to be known for. And if ever there was a time that the elves needed a little light and more than a little justice, it was then. She only required a little time to remember how to be a strong goddess again. Her legs were shaking, the muscles threatening to give out at any moment, but they were holding her up. It wasn’t much, but it was enough for her to work with. She only needed a little – Vhaerun shoved Corona off the altar.She dropped a foot before the noose pulled tight around her throat, leaving her suspended and flailing at the end of it. With her restored desire to live, the goddess stretched her wings, wincing as the pain from the still healing hook holes shot through her. She flapped wildly for a few moments as the initial panic of her hanging overwhelmed her, paired with the pain of moving her heavily scarred flesh after such a lengthy period of simply laying around being fucked. Corona’s resolve helped to sooth the pain, lessen her panic. After a few moments of dangling, she managed to catch air within her wings, beating them in unison to lift her body higher into the air, enough to lessen the strangling tightness of the noose. Her head grew dizzy with thoughts, most of them devoted to keeping her in the air and away from the fatal snare of the noose. Fighting through an entire city of drow would be impossible in her weakened state. The best she could hope for was to escape them somehow, return to the surface. There were still free elves out in the world. If she could gather them together, provide them a sanctuary, perhaps they could keep the drow at bay long enough to repopulate. And once they had, they would march into the underdark and eradicate the drow menace once and for all.As Corona fought to keep herself from hanging and filled her mind with far fetched fantasies of revenge, Vhaerun and Kiaransalee watched with great amusement, already feeling the goddess’s divine essence being sapped away from her courtesy of the specially crafted noose. Although the planning and orchestration of Corona’s demise had been by the hands of the drow, the method being used was as elven as it could be. On a purely mechanical level, a betrayal of that magnitude worked against Corona in ways she had no way of discerning. She attributed the growing weakness in her wings to nothing more than their badly scarred state and prolonged disuse when it was actually something far worse. The waning belief in her had been enough to weaken her to the point of an easy capture. With the pilfered elven hair woven into the noose, her people had now sentenced her to death, whether they chose to or not.The rules of divinity were a tangled and messy business.Despite all of this unknowingly damning the goddess, Corona managed to find the strength to keep flying, her hands coming up to work at the tight knot in the rope. Amazingly, she managed to make progress. Even if she managed to pull the noose from her bruised neck, she had no hope of making it out of the temple. She’d be butchered into bloody pieces before she made it to the building’s doors. But she would die with some of her divine essence intact. Even a single spark of it was enough to make Corona dangerous, even after her physical form was destroyed.Irae allowed the impressive display of willpower to go on long enough to glimpse a flicker of concern flit across her goddess’ face before she lifted her hand and gave a simple snap of her fingers. This is why you love me as much as I love you, she thought as she admired her deity. I plan for every possible problem.A pair of archers hurried into the temple, arrows already notched into their bows. The stopped and took aim at the elven goddess fluttering before them. Being the best marksmen in the drow army, they had no trouble firing their arrows into Corona’s frantically beating wings. The goddess let out a half-strangled scream, hands dropping away from the partially loosened knot to stretch towards the arrows piercing her wings. She managed to grasp one of them, tearing it free. But even as she tossed the bloody arrow to the floor, two more arrows were rushing to meet her, one of them managing to crunch through a critical bone in her right wing. The wing fluttered in agony, half-crippled, while she flexed the left wing harder to keep herself aloft. She dropped slightly in her efforts, but managed to keep the hair-woven rope loose enough to continue breathing.Adjusting to the agony of moving her broken wing, Corona fought hard, her scarred flesh becoming layered in sweat. She managed to slop her slow decent and hover in place. Then, incredibly, she managed to regain the height she’d lost. Her face – hideous and strained – filled with fury as she struggled to deny the pain ripping through her body and the pervasive weakness eating away at her very core.Igniting the oil-soaked rags wrapped around the tips of their arrows, the archers fired a final volley into the goddess’s tortured wings. The flames caught and spread quickly, turning her feathers into ash. Corona’s eyes bulged, mouth gaping open, as a brand-new breed of pain shot through her. She managed a horrendous shriek before her body dropped, the noose cinching closed around her throat and crushing her windpipe. The flapping of her burning wings continued, albeit as only the sporadic twitching of tortured flesh. Burning feathers slipped free from the wings, fluttering through the air around the goddess as the rumbling inferno rapidly depleted its source of fuel and flickered out, leaving her wings blackened and useless tatters of thin skin.Corona clawed at her throat, slashing open deep gouges through the scar tissue as she kicked wildly at the end of the noose. Her long legs swayed, feet angling downward, toes expanding as wide as they could in a futile effort to find something solid to push against. The scarred lumps of her tits jiggled as drool flooded her mouth and poured across her chin, drizzling the mounds in a fresh layer of glistening dampness. Her head pounded, lungs burning within her, as she strained to draw air through her fully constricted esophagus. Vhaerun and Kiaransalee moved closer to Corona’s flailing form, basking in the ethereal warmth being squeezed out of the dying goddess. They moaned and groaned, freely caressing themselves as they felt their power increasing with each frantic beat of Corona’s heart.The elven goddess’s desperate devotion to her cherished souls kept her fighting at the end of the noose well beyond the point that any mortal woman would have been capable of sustaining. Her spirited flailing gradually diminished, even as the fire in her bloodshot eyes continued to burn bright. It was only when she’d grown too weak to offer much more than the occasional jerk of an arm against her hip that the fire sizzled away, leaving behind only a puny ex-deity terrified of the oblivion eagerly waiting for her just around the corner. A handful of moments later and even that was gone, leaving Corona’s dangling corpse to drain her divine piss over the drow altar beneath her.Invigorated both by the thrilling Corona’s thrilling execution and the fresh power surging through them, Vhaerun and Kiaransalee scanned the temple, searching for a treat to celebrate their victory with. Within moments of one another, their eyes came to rest on Bonaluria. The former priestess took notice of the drow god and goddess staring at her, releasing a pathetic whine as the archers pumped their cocks side-by-side into her gaping asshole. She didn’t know why she’d suddenly become such an appealing victim, but she suspected it had something to do with the fact that Gwynnestri had finally managed to choke herself to death on a drow guard’s cock while the trolls had been having their fun with Corona and Amisra and Clanire had fallen into dazed, unresponsive states a few days earlier.The archers were disappointed that they would not get to finish their race to see which of them could finish in Bonaluria’s ass the fastest, but they hid it well as they shoved the whimpering elf into the clutches of the deities. Vhaerun pulled Bonaluria into his arms, lifting her with ease and lowering her onto his rigid erection. The former priestess screamed as Kiaransalee pulled her upper torso back, bending her spine at a painful angle as she could force Bonaluria’s head between her thighs, grinding her slippery slit across the elf’s terrified face. Vhaerun clutched at Bonaluria’s bouncing tit-flesh, squeezing the mounds hard enough to leave bruises as he hammered into her cunt with blinding speed, first cracking and then crushing her pelvic bone. The elf screamed into Kiaransalee’s dripping sex, choking on the drizzle of juices that poured from the goddess into her open mouth.Trapped between the sexual frenzy of two wicked deities, Bonaluria did not last long. Vhaerun fucked a gory hole through her uterus before spearing through the flesh of her abdomen, bloody prick sliding in and out of the bleeding wound. Kiaransalee stretched the priestess’s arms up to bite through her fingers, swallowing each bloody digit down. Her thighs pressed tightly against the sides of Bonaluria’s head, orgasmic contractions fracturing the elf’s skull. Vhaerun ripped her tits from her chest, chewing away a fatty bite of one before flinging them to the floor. He settled his hands around her hips, twisting the lower half of her body until her spine gave out, snapping audibly as her flesh stretched and tore. The angle of his thrusting cock shifted as he stared down at the rippling flesh of the elf’s buttocks. Stepping back, he finished tearing Bonaluria in half, allowing a tangled mess of her innards to come spilling out of her. With a cry of release, Kiaransalee gushed her juices into the elf’s mouth before drawing her legs closed around her victim’s head, popping her skull like a ripe melon. The squishy warmth of Bonaluria’s brains trickling along her thighs drove her into another orgasm. She moaned, slipping a hand down to her crotch to finger a few of the larger chunks of brain up into her convulsing cunt.Bonaluria’s many years of suffering ended in a sudden flash as her skull collapsed. A pure light enveloped her, warming her as her soul was whisked away from the hell that had become her life. The lapsed priestess suddenly found her faith in her goddess restored, guilt weighing heavily on her spiritual shoulders as she marveled in Corona’s capacity for mercy, even after the goddess’s cruel demise. She drifted in the light for what felt like forever before she realized she could hear something. Dread oozed into her as the dull sounds became clear to her. Screams of such anguish that she was certain she’d somehow survived her head being crushed. The pure light flickered, suddenly tainted by an oppressive shadow. Fuzzy images flickered into her line of sight, shifting gradually into terrible focus. In what felt like forever but was in fact only mere moments after her death, Bonaluria saw the afterlife that waited for her. Not the everlasting bliss promised to her by Corona, but the twisted abomination that Vhaerun had already created sometime between shoving his cock into her physical body and ripping it in half.In what would have been a heartbeat if Bonaluria still possessed a heart, the priestess found herself sucked into the maelstrom of rape and agony that was now her entire existence, alongside that of every elf who’d ever died before her. She thought she caught a glimpse of Gwynnestri amidst the endless field of writhing flesh. She hoped the woman’s madness was helping her out well enough in the beyond as it had in the final decades of her life, but she doubted it. That thought was the last sane thing Bonaluria managed before she lost herself in the endless void of pain, violation, and screaming.

100 years after the fall of Soleila…The years had started to drag for Nimor, although the mission was not yet done. There were still elves in the world and he’d taken it upon himself to lead the raiding parties onto the surface to track them down and snuff them out. Life in Menzoberranzan had became a paradise for men, a hell for women. But even paradise could grow stale. Even the Avariel handmaiden had lost all semblance of spirit in the time since she’d submitted to the drow in the face of her thoroughly defiled goddess. The elven slaves were settled fully into their lives of torture and sexual molestation. The drow women were even more broken. Many of the men in Menzoberranzan were quite content with the state of things, but Nimor had always been a hunter of some degree or another. The slaves bored him. Even spending long days torturing them with methodical slowness, striving to see just how much he could cut away from them while keeping them alive, had grown stale.The hunt on the surface had not. A bit frustrating, perhaps, due to the scarcity of prey available to him, but any free elf that remained still possessed a will to live, a desire to avoid the clutches of the drow. Even that was gradually diminishing, as more and more of them were killed, the knowledge that their race was right on the cusp of nonexistence somehow permeating every elf he found over the last year. He’d not found any men to kill in nearly a decade. That alone was enough to ensure that – even if they were left alone – the elf women still alive could not breed new elves. Not pure bloods, at least. But a dissolution of their bloodline was not enough. Only total eradication would satisfy Nimor and his god.Much had changed since the drow had launched their unexpected assault from the dark. They’d not only managed to strike a crippling blow to the heart of one of the mightiest, longest lived kingdoms in all of history, but they’d subsequently succeeded in adjusting the way the world at large viewed elves. It had not been a simple task, but it had been quite amusing to Nimor. As he led his band of assassins, tracking a hint of a rumor of a suspicion of an inkling, he thought back on how much the world had changed, in large part due to acts he’d personally committed, or – at the very least – had ordered. He wasn’t prone to reflection much, outside of lonely nights when he found himself without a bitch to attend to his needs and he needed a mental frolicking to judge the pace of his stroking hand. But now, at what he was more and more believing was the very end of his long quest, he allowed himself to fill the time with memories of the most delightful atrocities he’d taken part in over the last century.So many years had passed since Shenarah Adyarus had slipped through drow clutches and escaped her home city that the memories of Soleila and a prosperous elven race were faded in her mind. She only wished that the memories of the stench of blood, waste, and decay would leave her. She’d been barely more than a child the day the drow had come. In the chaos sweeping through Soleila, panicked inspiration had worked in her favor. After a brief, rough rape, she’d had a blade shoved into her gut before being discarded. The wound was nothing fatal, something she’d not known at the time, but the pain and fear had spurred her to squeeze her way into a pile of already dead elves. She’d hidden there, breathing in the stench of their deaths in short, shallow gasps as she listened to the city around her screaming out in agony. She stayed there, muscles cramped, for days. When she’d needed to relieve herself, she did, quickly learning to ignore the shame of it. When the hunger in her gut grew so painful that it inspired delirium, she’d chewed away a few mouthfuls of putrid elf meat. And when the forbidden meal revolted in her stomach, she’d puked as quietly as possible. Eventually, after the screaming had stopped, she realized the drow were gone and – somehow – she’d survived.Flashes of being crammed between cold, bloated, lifeless flesh still haunted her every night, but she’d managed to escape Soleila, managed to avoid the undead hordes of reanimated elves, and had gotten as far from elven territory and any entrances to the underdark she could. The small village she’d chosen to stop in had originally just been a waypoint for her. Somewhere to have a decent meal, as much alcohol as her limited funds could afford, and a warm bed to rest her aching muscles. But the humans had been surprisingly generous upon her arrival. News of what had befallen the elves had reached them before Shenarah had. They offered her refuge. Exhausted from the nomadic life she’d taken up and less than thrilled about the prospect of returning to it, she’d accepted their offer. Their kindness and her own stillness finally afforded her the opportunity to grieve for the first time in the many years since the invasion of Soleila. She’d wept for days, first for all her fellow elves who’d suffered and died, then for those that had lived but were maybe even now still captives of the wicked drow, and then – finally – she’d wept for herself, and all the things she’d had to do to keep herself alive over the years.Shenarah had escaped with only a small scar just above her belly button. She’d maintained her elven beauty beyond that. Being on the move constantly and with no skills in combat or weapons, she’d only had one true means of earning money to keep herself from starving. With elves an endangered and rare species, an elven whore was quite the exotic commodity, not that it ever earned Shenarah much. She took whatever customer she could find, accepting whatever currency they offered in exchange for open access to her body. She’d been ripped off numerous times, outright raped even more, but aside from that, she managed to make enough coin to keep her belly reasonably full most of the time and keep her on the road. After witnessing what the drow had done to the rest of the elvish women and the many years of selling herself, Shenarah had accepted her role in the world, until she’d found her refuge.Many decades after the fall of her kingdom, the elf was terrified to find something she’d long given up hope for. Love.Lyndon Dewore had not even been born when Soleila had fallen. She was at least three decades his senior, although there was no way to tell by looking at them. Even the many years on the road whoring herself out had not diminished her natural elven beauty much. By human standards, she still appeared to be in her early twenties, compared to Lyndon’s near-thirty age. He’d only just become an apprentice to the village’s butcher, seeing her in the local tavern the night she’d arrived in the village. He’d offered her fresh meat. Nothing high quality, but still better than Shenarah had had in years. He’d even cooked it for her – with spices even. It was not a case of a guilty conscience tossing a few scraps to a vagrant. It was a meal.Then Lyndon had done the thing that had cemented Shenarah’s love for the man. She’d offered herself to him, as payment for the food, and he’d refused. But not in a way that made it feel like he was disgusted by the sight of her bare elven tits. In a way that left her with the knowledge that he knew she was better than that. As far as Shenarah was concerned, their relationship had begun that night, although there’d been a few weeks of her getting adjusting to stationary living again, as well as the long days of sobbing – most of which he was there for, comforting her as best he could. She’d spent that time trailing him through the village, becoming his shadow. Her romantic feelings were secured, but she was uncertain if he felt similarly in the slightest and did not want to push away the only real friend she’d had since the fall of Soleila. Then one night, after more than a little alcohol consumed between them, he’d finally kissed her and their relationship officially began.Life among the humans was vastly different from what she still recalled of elven life. They did things so much faster, a byproduct of their significantly reduced lifespans. It was more than a little dizzying for Shenarah at first, but she adjusted to it, found she enjoyed the – to her – fast-paced form of existence. It crowded her days – and her mind – with things to do constantly, keeping her from dwelling on the horrors she’d witnessed and experienced over the last decades. As her relationship with Lyndon grew more serious, with feverish conversations about marriage and children becoming more frequent, Shenarah allowed herself to forget – at least as much as she could – about the wicked drow who’d taken everything from her and her race.Unfortunately for Shenarah, the drow had not forgotten about their mission to hunt down and eradicate the surface dwelling elves from existence.Shenarah awoke to an unsettling silence the day she died. She’d lived a life of peace and love long enough that she pushed aside the irrational unease in her gut. Even Lyndon’s absence was not enough to make her acknowledge the foul feelings tugging at the back of her mind. He was being groomed to take over as the village’s butcher and that task resulted in many early morning jobs. Instead, she dressed slowly and combated the unease with thoughts of the previous night, the way Lyndon’s cock had felt inside her, the way his warm seed had felt as it had fired into the depths of her womanhood. She was certain, despite their genetic differences, that this time his cum would take hold within her, grow into a new life. She recalled the old ways, how her pure-blood race looked down upon half-breeds and allowed herself an amused smile. She did not care that her child would not be a pure elf. She would love it all the more strongly because it would mean that the elf race could survive, in some capacity, through her. More than that, she would love it because it would come from Lyndon. She found herself incapable of not loving anything related to him.Slipping into the dress Lyndon had purchased for her from a traveling caravan the previous summer, Shenarah readied herself to head out into the village to pick up a few supplies the house she shared with her lover required. The dress was a little fancier, certainly a good deal more flashy, than the rest of her casual attire, but she loved the way she looked in it, the way it left the upper portions of her breasts on display and kept her long, smooth legs visible to any casual observer. Along with the errands, she had every intent on visiting Lyndon at the butchery, provide him a pleasant eyeful of what was waiting for him when he got home, leaving him in the mood to fuck another load of jizz into her to further bolster the possibility of potential offspring. Perhaps, if he’s not too busy, I can even tempt him into a quick joining someplace reasonably private, she thought with a smile, the dread in her belly all but forgotten as she stepped out of the house and strolled into the heart of the village.Fresh unease struck Shenarah as she stepped onto the main thoroughfare of the village. The town was far from heavily populated, but considering the time of day, she’d grown to expect some degree of activity in the heart of the village. Instead, she saw no one on the street. Assuring herself that the terror creeping up her spine was simply the byproduct of irrational fears left burrowed deep in the back of her brain from the trauma she’d endured such a long time ago, Shenarah did not obey the instinctive reaction to start running. The cost of her self-assured safety proved to be everything she had when the drow pooled in from around buildings to surround her. Animalistic panic overtook the elf the moment she saw the first obsidian-skinned assassin. She made an attempt to turn and flee, only to run into the waiting grip of another drow who was quick to wrestle her into submission, ignoring the pathetic sobs already pouring out of her.Nimor grinned down at Shenarah. “Nice home you’ve found for yourself, whore,” he growled, twisting her around and pulling her close against his chest. He pressed his crotch against her struggling posterior, grinding the growing stiffness in his pants against her finely sculpted buttocks. “I bet you even thought these humans had accepted you as one of their own, didn’t you? Why don’t we see how true that is?” With the elf secured in his tight grip, Nimor let out a sharp whistle.The residents of the village emerged from the shops and homes they’d been hiding in. Their expressions ranged from dead-eyed to worried to ashamed, but none of them looked willing to come to her aid. And, sure enough, as they grew into a small crowd, none of them even dared to speak up on Shenarah’s behalf. She tried to pull away from Nimor as her eyes fell upon Lyndon, calling out to him, begging him to do something. Her heart shattered as he simply stared back at her, terror in his eyes, and did nothing.Nimor chuckled, openly groping Shenarah’s breasts as he ground his stiff member against her buttocks. “Allow me to ask you all a question,” he called to the humans. “You’ve no doubt heard the stories of what we’ve done to this bitch’s people. Did you truly think we were finished? Did you think you could keep this one hidden from us forever? Or that there would not be consequences for harboring an enemy of the drow? It’s clear that none of you could care much for her, seeing as you so willingly cowered before us when we arrived this morning. So why even bother taking the risk? You should have sent her on her way the moment she arrived. Or, even better, if you really felt any form of pity for her, you’d have killed her quickly, saved her from what we’re going to do to her now.” He grinned. “Or maybe that’s the real reason you allowed her to stay. Maybe you just wanted front row seats to the show. Well, you’ve got them now. And I very much recommend you stay seated in them, unless you wish to see your whole worthless village burned to ash.”Although none of the humans looked particularly happy with allowing the drow to do whatever terrible things they liked to Shenarah, none of them possessed the courage to try to stop Nimor and his pack of assassins. Nimor hooked his fingers into the top of the elf’s low-cut dress, ripping the fabric open and freeing her breasts. A number of the gathered villagers looked away from the elf’s sudden exposure, but Nimor noticed a handful of the men continued to look, saw flickers of shameful lust spark in their eyes. He let out a low laugh as he cupped Shenarah’s tits, rolling his thumbs over her nipples. He gave her chest a thorough groping before ripping her dress further open down the middle. When no inch of her front half was left concealed, he gave her a hard shove, pulling the ruined garment away from her and sending her tumbling onto the ground. With the snap of his fingers and a quick finger motion in her direction, his fellow assassins were quick to move in, already brandishing their stiff flesh.Shenarah shrieked as she was roughly taken from behind, until those shrieks became urgent gagging around the hard prick that plugged her mouth. Her tits swayed beneath her as she was hammered roughly at each end, body driven back and forth between her drow rapists. The violent assault was enough to kill the sparks of lust he’d seen in the handful of humans. It seemed their deviant tastes weren’t quite strong enough to enjoy the display of a woman they’d grown to know and care for being so brutally attacked. Or perhaps they were simply trying to hide whatever deviance lay in their hearts. Nimor didn’t much care. He let the humans shift uneasily as Shenarah endured her vigorous fuckings, moving forward after some time to feed his own erection up her cum-greased asshole.As Shenarah coughed and spat a mouthful of jizz across the ground, she whined as Nimor gripped a fistful of her hair and yanked her head back, forcing her to look at Lyndon. “You called out to that one earlier,” he remarked. “Did you actually manage to form a romantic bond with one of these humans?” He laughed, pumping steadily into the elf’s gripping rear. “I recall a time, and it feels like it was not very long ago, that only the most depraved of your kind would stoop low enough to lie with someone who was not your own race. Although, come to think of it, I’ve not had the pleasure of disemboweling an elf male in a couple of decades now. I’m starting to think we’ve finally managed to kill them all. I suppose it was only a matter of time before your natural desires overwhelmed whatever racial prejudices you had. But the way you called out to him, it sounded like you truly cared for him. And that… that is truly hilarious. Because if her felt for you even a fraction of what you seem to feel for him, wouldn’t he have done something? It would have been a sacrifice made in vain, but wouldn’t he have made it anyway if he truly loved you? Instead, he stands there and watches with the others as we defile you, knowing that you will be dead by the time we finish.”Shenarah sobbed and shook her head, whimpering out denials of Nimor’s words, even as her conflicted mind tussled with the desire to see Lyndon live beyond her and the desire to see him back a bold play that would allow them to die at least within the same day. Nimor only laughed again at her. “Clearly, you need more evidence to convince you that he only ever thought of you as a pretty piece of fuck-meat that was easy for him to play with.” He grunted and came into Shenarah’s bowels, withdrawing and leaving her slumped on the ground. Aiming a finger at Lyndon, he singled the human out. “You,” he growled. “Come over and show me how you like to fuck this elf whore.” Seeing only fearful resistance on his face, Nimor scowled. “Do it, or I’ll make sure the only options you have for bedroom companions after we leave are the severed heads of your neighbors.”Looking far from pleased, Lyndon moved forward. Shenarah still found herself rationalizing his choice, longing to forgive him for it, but she couldn’t escape the flashes of bitterness swelling within her. She understood that he’d lived with the others in town all his life, but he didn’t love any of them the way he’d claimed to love her. Shouldn’t that have made a difference? Hadn’t he even once claimed, while having his stiffness buried deep inside her, that he would do anything to keep her safe? Die for her, even? Now the only evidence she had to think he wasn’t just enjoying her ordeal was that his cock was only half-erect as he struggled to slide it into her greasy snatch. Not that the flesh remained semi-hard for long once he was inside her. Even with the threat of his own death and the deaths of his neighbors weighing so heavily on him, Shenarah found it difficult to cultivate her sympathy for Lyndon as he sped his thrusts, pumping steadily into her from behind, fucking her like all the drow had, like she was nothing more than an animal.Nimor watched the young human hump away at the miserable elf for a little bit, amused but not fully satisfied. “Clearly, you misunderstood me,” he hissed. “I didn’t tell you to simply fuck her. I told you to show me how you fuck her. Or is this it? Could you never stomach looking down at her face while you were inside her? These elf cunts are getting desperate as their time winds down, but I doubt she’d have believed you were capable of sacrificing yourself and your village if you hadn’t made some kind of emotional connection with her. And I doubt you did that by rutting her like some common bar wench in a back alley. Do it properly or I start taking heads.”Shenarah groaned as Lyndon’s prick slid out of her, falling into sobs as he forced her over onto her back. He dropped over her, sliding his body against her, teasing the head of his dick against her folds before easing back into her. He stared down at her, blinking seldomly, face filled with terror and sweat. She thought she detected flashes of self-hatred occasionally, but even that was not enough to soften her swelling hatred for the man. If he’d truly cared so much, he’d have given his life to try to save her by now and avoided the whole situation. Now they were being forced to relive their most intimate moments to an audience half made of terrified villagers and half made of snickering sadists. Perhaps it was the overuse of her sex by that point, but when Lyndon finally unloaded his cum into her, it burned. The feel of his spunk squirting and dribbling into her depths left her feeling sickened in a way that none of her drow rapists had been able to achieve.“Very good,” Nimor laughed, clapping a hand against Lyndon’s back as the huffing young man pulled free of Shenarah. “No wonder this stupid cunt thought you would be her hero.” He helped Lyndon to his feet, treating him like a long-lost comrade in subterfuge. “What is it you do around here? What’s your profession? I’d wager you might be the sort to live off the generosity of whatever thankful whore you lured into your bed, but this thing on the ground wouldn’t have had much in the way of riches to support you.”Lyndon muttered his response, barely visible, face red with shame.“What’s that, friend?” Nimor growled, leaning closer. “I didn’t catch that.”“Assistant to the butcher,” he spat out.Nimor’s eyes lit up. “Ohh, so you’re a man who knows how to work with meat. I know an orc who goes by the title Butcher, but – between you and me – he’s really nothing more than a savage, looking for anything to hack to pieces. Still, it’s marvelous watching him work. You’re lucky he didn’t come wandering through here instead, let me tell you. He wouldn’t have been satisfied with just chopping the elf bitch up. He’d have done the whole lot of you. Better my group found you. We’re a reasonable sort.” He motioned to Shenarah. “Tell me, if she were a sow brought in for slaughter, how would you do it?”A fresh jolt of horrified revulsion passed through Lyndon’s face. He stared pleadingly at Nimor. “Don’t make me say it.”“But if you don’t tell me, I’ll have to figure it out on my own,” Nimor shot back. “And since I wouldn’t want to screw it up with the elf, I’d have to use some volunteers. Who knows how many tries it would take me before I stumbled onto the right method?”Lyndon closed his eyes, squeezed some tears from them, took a breath, and gave the drow what he wanted. “I’d kill her quick. Either a sudden, hard blow to the back of her head or – if she were already suspended by her feet – take the head off completely to get the blood draining.”Nimor frowned. “Obviously. Any idiot knows that. But let’s say you’ve been given special orders for this sow. That you had to butcher her while she was still alive. What then?”Lyndon took a few more moments before responding. “Suspend her by her ankles and then slit her throat.”Nimor smacked the human across the back of his head. “Stop trying to weasel your way into giving this bitch a relatively painless end. You know that’s not what I’m after.”“You’re asking my professional opinion,” Lyndon fired back, managing to find some ounce of courage. “If she dies slow, in pain, her meat will be ruined. In fact, what you’ve done to her already is enough. She’s terrified, in pain, expecting to die. If you really want the meat to taste good, the best course of action at this point would be to let her go, let her live until she’s forgotten all this and then try again when she least suspects it. Without all the… tenderizing.”Nimor rolled his eyes. “You know, you’d be one hell of a comedian if I wasn’t so annoyed with you right now.” He snapped a finger up, singling out a woman at random in the crowd. “Bring me that one’s head. Let’s see how our man Lyndon likes resting his balls on a pair of dead lips.”“Wait,” Lyndon cried out before the assassin could reach the terrified woman. “You’d hang her, like I said, by her feet. You’d take a sharp…” He faltered, already seeing the displeasure in Nimor’s eyes. “I mean a dull knife. Maybe even a bit of rock with an edge to it. You’d cut open her belly so you could pull out what’s inside. The guts, the stomach, reproductive organs. Then you’d – ““Y’know, friend,” Nimor said, passing his dagger into Lyndon’s hand. “I’m really more of a visual learner. Should I have the boys string the elf bitch up or would you rather pick someone from the crowd?”Lyndon said nothing, trembling as he held the blade, focusing only on the fact that it at least wasn’t a bit of rock. His lack of response was enough to give Nimor his answer. The well at the center of town had a wooden hatch over it to keep out rain and leaves. It was tall enough and sturdy enough to work. After her hands were bound at the small of her back, ropes were tied to Shenarah’s ankles, her sobbing figure dragged over to the well before being hoisted up and left to dangle. Nimor pushed Lyndon along, ready in case the young fool tried anything stupid with the weapon he’d been given. But Lyndon’s concern for himself and his fellow humans was still too great to take the risk. Even the temptation to lash out at Shenarah and kill her quickly was squashed. It was obvious the drow assassin knew more about the art of butchery than he claimed to. Lyndon suspected that even if he were to do something as subtle as nicking a vital inner working to lessen Shenarah’s suffering, it would be noticed. If he wanted even a remote chance of saving himself and the other villagers, he had to play along. Which meant hurting his lover as much as possible before she expired.Hating himself more with each passing moment and uncertain how he could possibly live with the actions he was about to perform, Lyndon lifted the dagger and pressed the tip of the blade against the bottom of Shenarah’s belly, just above her pubic bone. He pushed in slowly, piercing her skin and watching as the vibrant red fluid leaked out of her, running in swift lines across her abdomen and curling over the undersides of her dangling breasts. The flow of blood strengthened as he opened up a deep gash across her belly. From there, he cut downwards, allowing her cut flesh to peel open, tangles of her steaming innards already surging towards him. He turned away after only a moment of looking into the depths of his lover’s body, fighting back the urge to puke. He was thankful for the handful of moments Nimor gave him to get himself under control, forcing his mind to perceive Shenarah as nothing more than a squealing pig strung up for butchering. A mindless animal destined to become someone’s dinner. Nothing more. Certainly not the woman he’d fallen in love with and had wished to build a family with. That woman had never existed. If she had, he’d never do such a terrible thing to her, no matter what the cost.Opening his eyes, Lyndon returned his now stony gaze to the guts half-hanging from Shenarah’s opened abdomen. He buried his free hand elbow-deep into her, pulling her innards further out of her so he could carefully cut them loose. Sloppy strings of severed intestine dropped to the ground. Typically, he’d have cut the guts in as large of portions as he could to offer a wider range of sausage casing lengths, but he knew what his drow master wanted. He diced the elf’s guts into small pieces, knowing each cut sent jolts of agony rushing through her. It helped his mind to distance itself from what he was truly doing that her endless screams were sounding less and less like a sentient being and more like a wild animal’s. He cut out her kidneys and let them drop, one of them slipping loose from his sticky fingers and bouncing off the edge of the well before dropping into the water down below. Lyndon hardly noticed, already slicing away long chunks of Shenarah’s liver. The loss of such precious organs guaranteed that she would not live, but she could go on suffering for a good while without them. When he finally had little more than a bloody, hollow cavity to stare into, he guided the dagger inside her, carefully cutting the blade through more of her tissue. He came away with the ruined remains of her womanhood, uterus bloated with the jizz of so many men – including his own.Nimor took the prize from Lyndon before the apprentice butcher could let the organs drop to the ground. He crouched in front of Shenarah, showing her the messy remnants of her sex. Her fallopian tubes dangled uselessly over his wrist as he secured a firm grip around her uterus, giving it a hard squeeze. Cum spurted in gooey clumps down the length of her vaginal canal and leaked from the neatly severed flesh at the end. He aimed the flesh hose towards the elf, giving her a gruesome facial from the combined seed. Then he gagged her horrid shrieking with the crushed uterus before returning his attention to Lyndon. “What’s next?”“I could go deeper. Cut out the more vital organs.”“And why would you ever do that if she’s still got life in her?” Nimor sneered.Lyndon sighed. “In that case, I’d break the body down into more manageable pieces. Split her down the middle from crotch to head.”Nimor grinned. “You couldn’t possibly do that with such a little knife.” A spark of delight flashed in the assassin’s eyes. “Could you?”“I could,” Lyndon freely admitted. “But it would damage the blade. Its not meant to cut through bone.”Nimor gave the dagger a long look before taking it back from the man. “It does have some sentimental value,” he admitted. “A gift from the previous owner after I used it to see how much of her skin I could cut off before she died.”“There’s a saw in the butcher’s shop,” Lyndon offered, his voice as dead as his face, fully settled into a state of perpetual trauma. He waited numbly as Nimor sent one of his men into the shop to procure the tool, unsurprised to find that the drow chose the older, worn out saw over the new one the butcher had purchased just last week. The blade was rusted, thoroughly stained with blood, several of the teeth bent. Still capable of performing its task, just with a good deal more effort. And, for Shenarah, a good deal more suffering.Lyndon stepped in front of the gutted elf, guiding the worn-out blade of the saw between her spread thighs. The lips of her cunt and asshole were already smeared with blood that had leaked from the loose orifices during her disembowelment. He stared at his doomed lover’s sex and forced himself to see it as only meat. Then he got back to work.Shenarah’s screams vibrated against her mangled uterus, fallopian tubes framing her horrified face as the saw blade slashed through the sensitive flesh of her pussy lips and asshole. Hot blood gushed over her flexed thighs and poured down her back. The crack of her ass became a widening wound, peeling apart as Lyndon worked his way lower. The saw met its first real obstacle when he reached her pelvic bone. Tightening his grip, he bored down on the bones, chipping his way through them until they were too weak to hold out any longer. The resistance he met became lopsided once he was through her pelvis. The hollowed-out gut – already slashed open – cut with relative ease, while the length of her spine became a constant struggle. He cracked through Shenarah’s vertebrae one after the next, sliding the blood-soaked sawblade back and forth through her in long, stuttering strokes. He cut through the ropes binding her wrists – and lopped off one of her thumbs – freeing the elf’s arms to paw helplessly at the bloody, gore-covered ground beneath her.Reaching the bottom of the elf’s ribcage, Lyndon knew the rest of his job would be difficult with so much dense bone to get through. He loosened his grip, took a few moments to regain his breath and stretch his fingers, and then got back to it. The only solace he took as he worked the blade further through Shenarah’s chest was that – while she was still alive – she’d slipped so close to death that she no longer had the strength to scream. An explosive spray of blood suddenly shot forth from her partially cleaved chest when he reached her heart, showering his sweaty face in a layer of crimson. The elf’s body offered a few weak shudders before falling limp before him. Swallowing down the horror and self-hatred he felt at what he’d done to the woman he loved, he kept on sawing, wanting to be done with the whole gruesome task. He averted his eyes when he finally reached Shenarah’s head, not wanting to watch her beautiful face permanently destroyed as it was carved in half. With a strained groan, Lyndon finally managed to finish carving through the top of Shenarah’s skull. The two halves of the elf’s butchered carcass pulled away from one another, dangling side by side in front of the well.Nimor admired the apprentice butcher’s work with a satisfied nod. “I think I understand the process now,” he said. “Thank you. But just to be sure…”Dropping his dagger low, Nimor pulled Lyndon close, driving the blade up between his legs. The young men released a high-pitched shriek, eyes bulging as the assassin slashed open his testicles with one stroke and sliced off the majority of his cock with the next. “Sorry, kid, but not amount of scrubbing would’ve gotten the stink of that elf’s cunt off your unit.” He pulled the dagger back and jabbed it forward again, this time into Lyndon’s gut. He carved a jagged line up to his sternum, letting his innards spill out of him before he shoved his dying form away. Lyndon stumbled, clutching at his intestines and mangled crotch before he knocked into the side of the well. With another scream, he fell into the pit, his agonized howl ending in a splashing thud.Even as Lyndon’s scream came to an end, the screams of the townsfolk were rushing to join him. Nimor turned to watch as his assassins carved through the humans. It had been fun playing with the peasants, forcing them to give up the refugee they’d been harboring, but they’d never had a hope of getting to live beyond the encounter. He barked orders at the men who weren’t busy killing – or entertaining themselves with the human women – to start gathering firewood. The humans were all dead within the hour, their village in flames shortly afterwards. The only thing left untouched by the fire would be Shenarah’s butchered corpse, making the message the drow sent loud and clear. Dozens of similar scenes would play out over the next few months, finally spreading the message far enough to make it clear that anyone found harboring an elf would doom their entire town. And suddenly, hunting down the lingering stragglers of elf kind became that much easier for Nimor and his group of assassins.It wasn’t long before some of the humans decided simply turning elf refugees away from their towns and cities wasn’t enough. Hunting parties were formed, made up of men who felt it was the best way to keep the drow menace from delivering death upon themselves and men who needed little reason to embrace their most wicked tendencies, especially when their victims were looked upon as pariahs to any society they came across. Nimor looked upon the human hunters favorably. On the one hand, their efforts cut down on his opportunities to have fun with the dwindling elf populace but considering the end result sped along the elven extinction his people had set in motion, it was all for the best.Nimor saw the parties infrequently along his travels, usually when they had trophies to show off to him. He barely acknowledged the majority of them, simply confirming their kills and sending them on their way. But one of the human hunters had risen above the rest, enough so that Nimor had bothered to learn his name.Caldwell.Over the years, Caldwell had brought him the most presents. Some of them he’d even kept alive, after he’d learned how much Nimor liked engaging in the torture and execution personally. As he tracked his latest prey – likely the last wild elves he’d ever have the chance to hunt – Nimor thought back to his initial introduction to Caldwell, as well as the tale the man had shared with him about the five dead elves he’d shown up with.Gweyir Chaemaris had gone to great lengths to keep her charge of elven women safe. She’d found a barn – looked to have been abandoned for many years – and had been using it as a safehouse for several weeks, sneaking out in the night to forage for food and supplies and bring them back to her fellow elves. They avoided people at any cost, staying tucked away in their secret hovel, clinging together for warmth, and hoping that they could find some means of escaping the living nightmare their existence had become.Caldwell and his men caught a glimpse of Gweyir sneaking through the dense forest under cover of darkness. They kept themselves hidden, tracking her back to the barn, marveling at how efficiently the elf kept herself concealed even as their minds filled with all of the terrible things they intended to do to the woman once they caught up with her. Watching her slip into the barn, Caldwell held his men back, directing them to surround the dilapidated building, not wanting to give Gweyir any chance to slip away. When they were ready, Caldwell shouted the order and the men swarmed into either end of the barn, amazed to find the treasure trove of prey waiting for them within. Five frightened, dirty elf women cowered before them, scampering about in a desperate search for a way out of the barn that wasn’t blocked off. Caldwell and his men corralled them together and subdued them, ripping away the filthy rags they used for clothing.Gweyir did her best to defend her fellow women, staring defiantly at Caldwell. “We’re not bothering anyone,” she barked. “We don’t want anything from you. The drow don’t have to know we’re here. For all that’s decent, just leave us and forget you ever saw us. I beg you.”Caldwell eyed the elf, chuckling. She had a strained courage about her. It wasn’t much, but it was certainly more than any of the other elves had. They were all too busy sobbing and whining to even try to stand up for themselves or each other. Caldwell had little interest in turning the elves over to the drow alive. After hearing word that the dark-skinned elves were paying out bounties for elves – dead or alive – he’d said his goodbyes to his wife and son, gathered up a few like-minded men from his town, and had set out, less in search of earning a little coin or preventing other human towns from being leveled for daring to shelter any of the refugees, but because it had been far too long since he’d gotten to truly allow the dark beast within him to stretch its claws and rip something apart. It was all the more appealing that the something about to be ripped apart in this case was a worn but still quite fetching elf.Gweyir was the strongest of the group. Clearly the leader that had kept them all safe for so long. She would make the perfect first victim. He yanked the woman to her feet, dragged her away from her cowering companions. “How about we make a deal then?” he growled, drawing his hunting knife. He guided the blade against the underside of her left breasts, letting her feel the sharpness of it against her soft flesh. “I’m gonna cut your tits off,” he told her, making it clear there was no way for her to avoid the fate. “If you can eat them all up, I’ll let one of these other bitches go. Then I’ll cut something else off of you. The more you can stuff down your gullet, the more of them you’ll save. That sounds fair, right?”Caldwell didn’t give the elf any chance to respond. The moment he finished laying out the offer, he started carving. Gweyir shrieked, tried to pull away from him, but he was quick to hook an arm around her back and hold her in place as he sliced his way upwards through her left breast. The plentiful mound came free, sliding down her chest before plopping to the dirty ground at her feet. Blood gushed from the open wound, leaking down her belly and beading up in her wiry pubic hair. Caldwell shifted the position of his knife and went to work on her right tit, cutting it off with just as efficiently. He released his hold on Gweyir, shoving her onto her knees before kicking one of her severed breasts closer to her. “Eat up.”Gweyir stared wide-eyed at her breasts lying before her, a stinging burn radiating through her chest paired with the very odd sensation of no longer feeling the weight of her tits. Her vision was blurred from tears, heart pounding in her chest as she panicked. Managing to get control of the pain and sorrow of her mutilation, the elf grabbed a fistful of soft skin and chunky fat and stuffed it into her mouth. She chewed, gagging on the taste of her own raw meat, and managed to swallow down the first chunk even as she lifted another handful of bloody meat to her lips. In her panicked haste to gulp down her own severed tits, Gweyir’s throat became clogged with sticky clumps of fat. She strained, trying to swallow but found the task horrifyingly impossible. Letting the twin handfuls of breast meat slide through her fingers, she clutched at her throat, gagging and wheezing as she stared up at Caldwell with pleading horror.Caldwell simply watched and laughed as the elf choked on her own tits. She fell onto her side and rolled onto her back, kicking at the dirt floor with the heels of her feet as she dug her fingers into her mouth to try to scoop out the obstruction clogging her windpipe. Her face grew red, glistening with thick sweat. When the scraps of skin and clumps of fat proved too slippery to get a good hold on, she went back to clutching at her throat, pressing against it, trying to work the lump down her gullet. As her bloodshot eyes bulged obscenely from their sockets, that effort was cut short. She flopped about on the ground before Caldwell, one hand slapping against the pile of sloppy, partially eaten tit-flesh beside her while the other dragged deep gouges into her neck. “Guess you didn’t manage to get any of them free. Pity,” he mocked. Her struggles grew unsteady, her gurgling wheezes weakening as the asphyxiation entered its final stages. Her breastless chest lifted and sank as her spine arched, jerking wildly for another minute before the tension in her muscles drifted away, leaving her as a wide-eyed corpse.Much as he suspected, witnessing their leader’s gruesome demise broke the remaining elf women. They clung to each other, sobbing and screaming. Caldwell looked them over before picking out another to continue his games with.One of Caldwell’s men – Ashbrook – pulled Sariandi Valfiel to her feet and pulled her in front of his boss. He kept his hands tight around her arms to keep her from collapsing as she screamed and spewed pleading gibberish at the man. She managed to hold herself as still as she could, trembling badly, as Caldwell directed the tip of his bloody knife to her chest. He dragged the weapon over the modest mounds Sariandi possessed. “Well, those don’t look like they’d make a very filling meal,” he remarked, flicking the knife away from her chest, intentionally nicking one of her nipples in the process. “Guess I’ll have to carve something else out of you. Same deal as before. If you can eat it all up, I’ll let one of your friends go.”Caldwell didn’t make Sariandi wait long to learn what piece of herself she’d have to consume. He dropped to one knee in front of the cowering young woman and guided his knife between her trembling thighs. Stabbing through the outer edge of her labial folds, the man was rewarded with an ears-splitting scream and a gush of blood and piss from her wounded snatch. He ignored the mess, his hands already well-covered in elf blood, and carefully carved Sariandi’s cunt out of her body. As he returned to his feet, he nodded to Ashbrook to release the girl, letting her collapse to her knees and clutch at the gory pit where her womanhood had been mere moments ago. She stared at the gruesome remains of her sex in Caldwell’s hand. “Go ahead, bitch. You wouldn’t want it get cold, would you?”A spark of frenzied madness flashed in Sariandi’s eyes as she pulled her bloody hands up from her destroyed crotch and snatched her cunt from Caldwell. She stuffed it into her mouth, chewing at the tough tissue. For a few moments, the hunter thought she would go the same way as Gweyir as she did her best to hastily swallow the raw flesh down. But where Gweyir’s throat had betrayed her, Sariandi’s came through. Swallowing hard, she drew the lump of her pussy meat down into her stomach, gasping and sobbing as she stared hopefully up at Caldwell. The man frowned, both impressed and irritated that the unfair truth of his game would be revealed so soon. Then Sariandi’s body aided him in prolonging his deceit as she doubled over and puked up the gory feast she’d consumed. He shook his head, grinning. “Sorry, but if you can’t do one, simple thing for me, why should I risk my neck for you?”Sariandi made a grab for her regurgitated cunt, now soaked with bile, but Ashbrook pulled her back up onto her knees. He grabbed hold of the elf’s chin and gave her head a hard twist, snapping her neck. As a few spirited death twitches rolled through Sariandi, he shoved her to the ground, face splatting against her gooey, carved out snatch.Aelrie Binelis was the next elf to be pulled before Caldwell. “You know the deal by now,” was all he offered her before he went to work carving off her breasts. The woman screamed and twisted violently within Ashbrook’s grip. When her chest had been cleared of the plaint mounds of flesh she’d always loved squeezing and flashing at young men she fancied, she stared at the bloody remains being presented to her and scrunched up her face, twisting her head away and keeping her lips sealed firmly. “Not hungry, huh?” Caldwell growled. “We’ll see about that.” He jammed the blade of his knife into the side of her neck, carving along it. Blood gushed from her severed neck, pouring over the ragged scraps of meat still clinging to her chest. Ashbrook tugged Aelrie’s head back, exposing the blood-spurting hole of the elf’s severed esophagus. Caldwell chuckled as he stuffed chunks of skin and fat down the hole, force feeding Aelrie until she finally expired.Caldwell knew as soon as Ochilysse Luneiros was brought before him that she would fail his game. The elf had stopped screaming, stopped pleading, stopped even crying. She could only stared with wide, uncomprehending eyes at the three butchered elf carcass around her, traumatized brain locked down completely. Caldwell didn’t bother asking her if she understood the game, he just got to work. He got her screaming again when he cut off her tits, but it wasn’t enough to snap her out of her daze. She only stared blankly at the handfuls of breast meat presented to her. With a sigh, Caldwell tossed the wounds aside and cut out her cunt. More screams and a flicker of horrified revelation shot through Ochilysse’s face, but it was gone by the time he tore her sex out of her and offered it to her. Annoyed, Caldwell jammed his knife into one blank eye, and then the next, popping the ocular orbs and scooping out their deflated remains.Pulling his erection free, Caldwell cradled the back of Ochilysse’s head and stuffed his member through one of her bloody sockets. He rammed his way into her head with hard strokes, wincing as he bashed through the thin layer of bone at the back and sank into the soft wrinkles of her brain. The damage to her frontal lobe finally inspired some degree of entertainment value out of the traumatized elf. Her arms flopped and jerked at her sides, reaching out to clutch at Caldwell’s thighs momentarily before her twitching fingers slipped away. Heavy gushes of drool sputtered from her smacking lips. She was still alive when he finally came into her skull, squirting his spunk along the bored out hole he’d made in her brain. Withdrawing his messy prick, he passed her along to Ashrbook, who was quick to plug her unfucked socket and create a new hole in her mind. Ochilysse’s convulsions grew more spastic as Ashbrook thrust into her head, dying down to intermittent twitches when he pulled free to spray his spunk across her slack, drooling face. Then he passed the nearly brain-dead elf along to the next man, Durisey. By the time Durisey was finished with her, she was clearly nothing more than a corpse, but that didn’t stop the rest of Caldwell’s men from taking a turn with her cum-leaking eye sockets.Only Phaerille Adthyra remained. Her mind had also snapped while she’d watched her fellow elves being butchered, but in a far more entertaining way. She screamed and sobbed as Caldwell cut off her breasts, but when presented with them, she eagerly eat them, as if all the bloodshed she’d witnessed had left her ravenous. She didn’t seem particularly bothered by the fact that there was no way for Caldwell to make good on his offer to set one of them free, seeing as she was the only victim left alive. When she finished swallowing down the last of her tits, Caldwell decided to see just how far the broken elf would go. He cut out her pussy and her screams were no less intense, but he barely had the chance to offer it to her before she snatched it out of his hands and started chewing off large chunks of her sex. By the time she finished her second meal, she was pale and trembling from shock and blood loss, but still eagerly perched on her knees, waiting for her next command.Caldwell offered Phaerille his cock and the elf had enough of her senses left to know that it wasn’t the sort of meal she was meant to chew. She sucked him with stunning enthusiasm and skill, draining his seed from his balls before turning to the next man waiting to violate her mouth. Caldwell watched her go, sucking off one man after the next, even going so far as to jam her fingers into the bloody hole where her pussy had been. When she finished providing her oral pleasures, she was pushed onto her hands and knees, where she happily reached back to pry her buttocks apart. The men – working themselves back to stiffened states – proceeded to take turns buggering the pale, mind-shattered elf, leaving her bowels clogged with their cum.Amazed at the level of depravity Phaerille had so willingly embraced, and the fact that despite her gruesome wounds, she was still clinging to consciousness, Caldwell decided to see just how far she would go. He handed her his knife. “You still look a little hungry, my dear,” he told her with a grin. “Why don’t you see how much of yourself you can eat?”Phaerille let out a tired, psychotic giggle and turned the knife towards herself, grunting as she plunged the blood through her belly. She carved open a wide gash and let the weapon slip away from her shaking fingers so she could dig her hands into the tangles of guts pushed free from her. She yanked them up to her mouth, chewing away pieces of intestine. Caldwell and his men watched in stunned awe as Phaerille disemboweled herself, squirting the creamy loads they’d fucked up her ass over her bloodless face and ripping open her own stomach so she could once again taste the remains of her breasts and cunt, now thoroughly soaked in stomach juices and cum. Her self-feasting slowed as the damage she’d sustained finally caught up to her. Her eyes rolled back as she dropped onto her back, dead before she hit the ground.“And then we had a bit of fun with the leftovers,” Caldwell explained to Nimor as he showed off the cart full of butchered, thoroughly fucked elves he’d come baring.Nimor nodded his approval and passed Caldwell a sack heavy with gold coins. He would have made a good drow… too bad he had been born merely a human. One step better than a slave… but a useful one. “Very good work. Keep it up. I’ll be very interested in hearing from you again, my ‘friend.’”And the assassin had. It hadn’t taken long for Caldwell to become an even better elf hunter than many of his own assassins. The man had a flare for the sadistic that Nimor very much appreciated. The other men in his party came and went, but Caldwell had taken to the cause of exterminating as many elves as possible with the same zeal Nimor had. Caldwell delivered many elves to Nimor, many already dead, but when he learned off Nimor’s interests in taking a more hands-on approach to the killings, the human hunter had began to bring him elf women still breathing. More than a little raped and abused along the way, but still with more than enough life left in them for them both to enjoy themselves.As he drew ever closer to his prey, Nimor recalled on particularly amusing prize Caldwell had brought him.Caldwell caught up to Nimor with two companions in tow. The first was another human – Bevau. Nimor had only ever seen the man that once. The second was a scrawny young elf with a burlap sack pulled over her head. Caldwell grinned wildly at Nimor. “Oh, you’re going to love this, boss,” he said, forcing the elf onto her knees before the drow assassin. He yanked the sack off the elf’s head and Nimor took in what lay beneath. His eyes narrowed, head tilting with bafflement for a few moments, before finally erupting into heavy laughter.Vasati Wasris glared up at Nimor, apparently more irritated at being laughed at than she was scared of what was going to happen to her. Her dirty blonde hair was cropped short and left in disheveled spikes from wearing the sack. Her dark eyes were filled with an indignant fury that had become quite uncommon in elves of late. That alone would have been enough to amuse Nimor, but it was the sloppy self-mutilation she’d performed that made the sight of her truly hilarious. In a foolish effort to blend in as a human, Vasati had taken a knife to her pointed ears, doing her best to round them out, but the lumpy scar tissue made it obvious that she was no human.“It’s certainly the most creative act of cowardice I’ve seen yet,” Nimor admitted.“I’m not a coward,” Vasati spat back at him, firming her jaw. “I’m a human. My mother neglected me when I was a baby. Rats got into my crib and chewed up my ears. I’m not an elf. I’ve never even seen an elf. And you’ll all be in big trouble once word spreads that you’ve started kidnapping human women to satisfy your sick bloodlust.”Vasati’s bold claims only drew heavier laughter from Nimor and Caldwell. Bevau merely snickered, clearly nothing more than a hired hand. It was no wonder that Nimor hadn’t seen him afterwards.Getting his laughter under control, Nimor pulled a handheld crossbow into his hand. “Thank you, Caldwell,” he said. “You don’t know how long it’s been since I’ve had a good laugh.” He lifted the crossbow, leaving the tip of the arrow loaded into the weapon less than an inch from Vasati’s forehead. “As for you, elf,” he growled. “It’s not a bad story, but you know what would have worked even better? Growing your hair out a bit to cover that butchery you did to your ears. Now…” He pointed a finger to the tip of the arrow. “Watch closely. I wouldn’t want you to miss this.”Vasati said nothing. She looked past the crossbow, continuing to glare at Nimor. He waited patiently, until her eyes finally flicked to the arrow. He saw a flash of horror fill her face, struggling against her firm-jawed defiance. The flash was all he needed. He squeezed the trigger on the crossbow. With a sharp twang, the arrow launched the short distance to Vasati’s face, punching through her forehead. Her kneeling body snapped back, eyes wide with shock as she landed hard on her shoulders, aiming her crotch towards Nimor as she drained urine into her ragged pants.Leaning over Vasati’s corpse, Nimor grabbed hold of the arrow’s shaft, pulling her back towards him. Blood flowed over her face. The childish fury she’d displayed had become a slack daze. Using the arrow as a guiding rod, he drew the dead elf’s soft lips to his erection, working her head back and forth along his member. Caldwell didn’t hesitate to move in and pull the young elf’s legs out from under her, tugging away her pants so he could climb onto her and wedge his prick up her rear. Bevau simply watched, making a point to fiddle with his semi-erect dick to try and show the other men that he shared their perverse desires. Not that Nimor or Caldwell paid any attention to him, too busy enjoying the pleasures of a fresh kill and continuing to laugh about the dumb elf’s attempt to blend in. Nimor fingered Vasati’s deformed ears as he pumped his cock deeper down her throat, forcing her to take his cum while Caldwell pulled out of her gaping asshole and painted her perky ass cheeks with his creamy spunk.The small house lay before Nimor. If the rumors were true, the last elves on the surface world waited within. After a century, the hunt was finally coming to an end. The last he’d heard from the underdark, there weren’t many captive elves left, either. Not pure bloods anyway. The original breeders had long ago been cycled out and butchered, replaced by their half-breed daughters. The ones in the brothels hadn’t lasted much longer, used as freely and as roughly as possible. Even the more treasured privately owned elves had mostly outlived their value. The ones who hadn’t been snuffed out by their masters inevitably wound up in the brothels where they were quickly used up and disposed of. Supposedly, even Princess Elasha’s time was nearing its end. Nimor wasn’t surprised. He’d seen first hand the growing depths of her owner’s depravity towards her. The last time he’d laid eyes on the royal daughter, she’d been missing her arms and legs, forced to remain perched on a thick post jammed up her snatch when she wasn’t being passed around as a party favor for guests to enjoy.Nimor recalled being balls deep in the princess’s ass that night, listening to Jegdrym describe in great detail the recipe he had in mind for Elasha. If he’d not already missed the grand feast the princess had been doomed to become, he suspected the invitations to the event had already been sent out. It was a shame. The recipe had sounded delicious. But he still had a task to complete. And he always felt more alive out in the world, hunting prey, than he did rubbing shoulders with elite snobs. In the last fifty years or so, he had had plenty of opportunity to learn that his hatred of the drow Matriarchs hadn’t been entirely because of how they had kept him and the rest of the males as all but slaves… because he hated most of the new drow rulers with only slightly less simmering passion. Everyone but Irae…Part szarkai woman partly amused him… so similar and yet so different from the rest of her sex. The other part of her terrified him. Nimor knew that he was cruel, but his cruelty had built over centuries of being beaten, deprived, hated, all while knowing that there was no chance of him every achieving any status in drow society. Irae’s cruelty seemed to come from a quiet, simmering madness that seemed impossible to satisfy, impossible to quench. Already she was talking about launching another campaign of extermination. In his heart, Nimor knew she might never be satisfied while another being lived, breathing air that was meant for her lungs.He put the thoughts from his mind. The house was tucked away, nearly enveloped by the surrounding forest. If he’d not heard the rumors of its existence, he’d never have found it. It was clearly a place of hidden sanctuary. It reminded him of a similar domicile he’d come across several years earlier. Its discovery had been as much of a surprise to him as his unexpected presence had been to its solitary occupant.It had been the scent of cooking stew that had lured Nimor to the home. The place looked to have been there for a long time, nestled only a few hundred yards from a dense mushroom patch. He’d approached the house with only relative caution, mouth watering at the smell of the stew. He’d been trekking through the wilderness for weeks at that point and while his food supplies were not depleted, the thought of a warm meal was a temptation he could not pass up. He froze, surprise spreading across his face, as the house’s occupant stepped out and laid eyes on him. She was an elf. Her presence was less of a surprise. Those elves that still lived on the surface had spread as thin as they could, driving ever deeper into uncharted territory to keep themselves safe. The surprise came in the total lack of fear or malice the matronly woman offered him. On the contrary, she gave Nimor a friendly smile.“Hello, dark one,” she called. “I’ve not seen one of your kind in so very long. What brings you to the surface?”Nimor’s mind worked fast. She was a sage of some sort, driven to becoming a hermit for some mystical reason or another. He suspected a trap only briefly before casting the notion aside. Even at a distance, he’d never had any trouble detecting falsehood in others. This woman was genuine. Her home was isolated enough that if she’d lived her for long, it was entirely possible news of her races ongoing extermination hadn’t reached her. Nimor quickly came up with an answer to her question. “Cast out,” he told her. “My own people no longer wish to have anything to do with me. And I’ve seen only further discrimination since I’ve left.”“Well, fear not,” the sage told him. “I’m the only one out here and I’ve not been a part of elven society for more than two hundred years. I swear not to judge you if you come in peace.”“Peace is all I have to offer,” Nimor declared, keeping the amusement he felt buried deep. It seemed this woman wasn’t nearly as skilled at detecting falsehood in others as he was. “Is that stew I smell?”The woman nodded. “It is.” She extended a hand towards her open door. “I’d be delighted to share my supper with you. My name is Tanila Daeyra.”Nimor approached the house, doing his best to look more like a castaway than an assassin. His mind stuttered at an introduction. The elf was clearly out of the loop, but that didn’t mean she hadn’t heard of him. He took a moment, embracing the appearance of awkward fumbling before responding to Tanila. “I shed my drow name when they drove me out of their lands,” he explained. “I go by the name Caldwell now.”“Well met, Caldwell,” Tanila said, clearly amused by her own choice of words as she stepped aside to allow the drow into her home. “Your timing is impeccable. The stew is nearly finished. Come along and I’ll let you have a taste.”Nimor followed Tanila into the small kitchen area, eyes scanning the interior, confirming that the woman lived alone. The place was littered with a wide assortment of herbs and tonics, stacks of ancient leather tomes with strange glyphs etched onto them. The elf lived in total isolation, no doubt whittling away her time crafting potions and communing with nature. The loose fitting slip she wore was practically transparent and she displayed no discomfort with him having a clear view of practically every inch of her most intimate regions through the fabric. He imagined her prancing about out in the woods, nude flesh glowing in the moonlight. Perhaps it was the sincerity of her spirit that allowed him to imagine the image without any form of torture or bloodshed. His mind was littered with dozens of methods to snuff the life out of the sage’s body, dozens more of all of the terrible carnal things he would gladly do with her before, during, and after her death. But for some reason, he found it difficult to shift his thoughts away from that image of her dancing, happy and oh so very naked, in the darkness. Nimor shifted the pace of his steps to conceal the sudden throbbing hardness in his pants and brutally chastised his own dull mind for even fantasizing for an instant about a potential life of solitude and joy with the wretched woman. She must have laced the air in here with some kind of aggression suppressing pollen or something, he decided, not daring to consider the fleeting fantasy could have been a genuine feeling.“Here,” Tanila said, dipping a long wooden spoon into the bubbling pot and scooping out a portion of the stew. She pursed her lips and blew across the hot substance before directing it towards Nimor, one hand cradled beneath it to catch any drips. The drow found it all too easy to play along, amazed by the sense of calm the sage inspired in him. He leaned in and took a gentle slurp of the stew. The taste was exquisite with an earthy flavor, primarily mushroom based. It was exactly the sort of hot meal he’d been yearning for. Still, he managed to push the warm, fuzzy haze from his mind to remind himself what she was, and what he intended to do to her.He nodded thoughtfully. “It’s very good, but I think it’s missing something.”Tanila took a sample for herself, swished it around in her mouth before swallowing. “You’re right. A little more basil, I’d wager.” She gave her killer a smile. “You have quite the stunning palate.”Nimor returned the smile. It came easy enough. “I don’t like to brag.”As the sage turned to add some further spices to the stew and stirred the concoction, Nimor took the time to clear his head of the pure thoughts tugging at him. It helped to focus on Tanila’s flesh, so clearly displayed through the pale crimson shawl. It helped more to focus on how hilarious it was that she was so oblivious to his threat. Preparing to strike, Nimor couldn’t resist toying with her a little longer. “You know, I never expected an elf to show a drow such kindness.”“I live by my own rules out here,” she explained, taking another taste test and then reaching for another jar of spice. “Personally, I see no reason to hold onto grudges spawned by the actions of ancestors long dead.”“Still,” he pressed, cock straining against the crotch of his pants in anticipation of the evil deed he intended on committing in mere moments. It was all the more thrilling to him because she was such an obliviously innocent creature. “Even after what happened at Soleila.”The mention of her race’s capital city did manage to draw some concern from her. “What happened at Soleila?”“We swept through it like a plague, killing or fucking every elf we came across,” he told her, watching the panic rising through her as she realized her house guest had lied about his peaceful intentions. “You should’ve seen what we did to the queen. That bitch died about as hard as a bitch could die.” He chuckled, sliding in close behind Tanila, holding her firmly in his arms even though it was clear she was too consumed with sudden terror to try to flee. And even with her doom freely slipping a hand under her shawl to squeeze one of her breasts, it was not in her nature to fight. “That stew of yours really is delicious, by the way,” he told her, grinding the bulge of his cock against her rear. “But it really is still missing something.”“What’s that?” she gasped, turning her head to stare up into his cruel face, tears glimmering in her eyes.“A flavor only the chef herself can provide,” he replied.She sniffled miserably. “Please,” she muttered, but there was no force behind the words. The offer was as plain as her offer to feed him. No pretense, no bargaining, just a pure request for mercy.Nimor bent Tanila violently over her stove and shoved her face into the pot of bubbling stew. She found the will to fight against him then, but it was nothing more than a natural reaction to the pain. The bubbling along the surface of the stew intensified as she screamed into the thick slop. He kept her face pushed into the pot for a few moments longer before yanking her head back. Tanila gasped and wailed, her flawless skin ravaged with blisters where it wasn’t peeling away, chunks of diced mushrooms and carrots stuck to her. He gave her only a moment of reprieve before dunking her head again. He kept her pinned there a while longer before drawing her back up. Her matronly beauty had become a half-melted horror, eyes burned a pale white as she groaned pathetically, barely clinging to consciousness. Nimor leaned in to lick the layer of stew from her cheek, grinning wickedly at her. “Mmm,” he purred. “Just right.”Tanila’s face splashed into the stew a third and final time. He kept her submerged, holding onto her and riding out her violent death spasms with her. When her lungs were full of stew and her twitching had subsided, Nimor pulled her head back again. He dragged her dead weight away from the little stove and dropped her across the nearby table, sending the bowl she’d set out skidding onto the floor and smashing to pieces. He tore the shawl from her body in a wild frenzy, tugging his pants open to release the tension there. Grabbing hold of Tanila’s meaty thigh, he hefted her leg up beside him and drove into her yielding cunt. He averted her eyes from the gruesome sight of her face and instead leaned in to wrap his lips around one of her nipples, plunging into her with the passion he’d caught only a hint of in the fleeting fantasy that had invaded his brain.Nimor didn’t last long. He came hard into Tanila’s corpse, keeping his cock stuffed fully into her until the last of his seed had drained from his balls. Panting heavily, he let her leg drop and slid out of her. He took a few moments to catch his breath and bask in the exhilaration of his own evil. Then he left Tanila’s body where it lay and returned to the kitchen, finding another bowl to serve himself a portion of the sage’s delicious stew.Of the many lives he’d taken over his long life, Nimor still thought of the gullible sage often. He’d committed more than his fair share of atrocities, but he’d never had a victim pave the way to her own demise so openly. Not without a fair amount of manipulation on his part ahead of time. He’d killed plenty of elves since then in a wide range of creative and devious ways. Some of them had been far more attractive than the sage. But her death was the one that his mind continued to wander back to. Standing before the door of the little hidden house, knowing what waited for him inside, Nimor was reasonably certain he would finally have the opportunity to overshadow Tanila’s murder with something even more wicked. He found himself hoping that Princess Elasha’s owner had already cooked and served her. Because, if he had, then Nimor was about to be responsible for finally eradicating all pure blooded elf life on the planet.Taking a moment to focus himself and prepare for what was about to happen, Nimor lifted a leg and slammed his boot into the door, knocking it open with a heavy bang. He surged into the dwelling, eyes immediately fixing on the startled occupants. His lips curled upwards, teeth gleaming in the candlelight and cock shooting to rock hard attention. “Hello again, your highness.”Princess Elincia sprang to her feet, pushing the younger elf woman behind her. She snatched up a nearby sword and took a desperate stab at the assassin. Nimor dodged the blade and flicked his own sword out to knock Elincia’s weapon away. “I expected you to have learned how to defend yourself a little better than that in all this time.”Fear and fury played across Elincia’s face. She pushed at the younger elf. “Go, Lira,” she gasped. “Run. Don’t look back.”Lira took a half step away from her mother, conflict stalling her movements as she looked from Elincia to Nimor and back again.Nimor turned his attention to the princess’s daughter. “If you run,” he warned. “You’ll do so hearing the shrieks of your mother as I tear her apart. You might get enough of a head start to escape me for the next week, maybe two. But every time you close your eyes, you’ll hear your mother’s screams and you’ll have to wonder, right up until the moment I find you again and take my sweet time violating every inch of you, if there maybe was another way this could have gone. If perhaps you could have done something to prevent it all. Think about that.”“Don’t listen to him, Lira,” Elincia snapped. “He’ll kill us both. Just, please, run!”Lira was too torn to make a move, deciding to keep her feet planted as tears rolled down her cheeks. Elincia made a dash across the room, going for another sword leaning against the far wall. Nimor beat her to it, kicking the blade away and slashing out at her, opening a deep gouge across the back of her hand. He lifted his sword and put the tip against the princess’s chin, forcing her to remain still. He glanced to Lira and saw the girl was still frozen in place. “Sit,” he commanded, aiming a finger at a nearby chair. The girl scurried over and sat, staring at him desperately.“Please, just don’t hurt my mother,” she whimpered.Nimor ignored her for the moment, glaring at Elincia. “And you, wayward princess, better behave unless you want to see just how many pieces I can cut your child into.” Keeping the sword at her chin, he directed her into another chair. “Now that we’re finished with the theatrics, perhaps we can have a civilized conversation?”“What do you know about being civilized, monster?” Elincia growled back at him.“Monster?” Nimor repeated, frowning. “Yes, I suppose I have been that, haven’t I? Do you know how many elves I’ve killed? How many I’ve raped?” He let out a humorless laugh. “Because I don’t. I lost track of it years ago.” He dragged over a third chair for himself and sat down, keeping his sword at the ready in case either of the elves tried anything. “And if I’m being perfectly honest… I’m sick of it.” He shook his head. “Can you believe it? Here I am, right at the end of it, and I honestly can’t even stomach the thought of killing you. It’s all become just so… repetitive.”Elincia sneered unsympathetically at him. “I’m so sorry killing us has made you weary.”“I don’t blame you for holding a grudge about it,” Nimor said. “It’s perfectly understandable. But don’t you see? It’s over. You’re the last two left. There’s no more elven men left in the world. We’ve already succeeded in eradicating your kind. I could just leave you here to live out your lives and it would be the same as if I killed you now. The only real difference is that I’d get to have a bit of fun with you before you died. And I’m sitting here telling you I’ve had enough of it. Are you so ensnared by your hatred of me to see the opportunity that presents us?”Nimor saw the flicker of hope spark in Elincia’s eyes. Oh, you stupid cunt, he thought. “What… what do you propose? It’s not as if we can pay you to spare us.”“But you see, that’s where you’re wrong,” Nimor told her. “You may not have riches, but you do possess something that I’ve never had the fortune of experiencing.”The foulness crept back into Elincia’s face. “I don’t think I can give you a conscience.”Nimor laughed. “No. But you could prove to me that, were I to let you live, you’d keep doing what you’ve been doing. Living out here, all alone, not bothering anyone, not planning some futile revenge scheme. You need to prove to me that you can let your hatred for me – for my kind – go. I return to the underdark and tell them I’ve killed you. You get to live out whatever years you have left and at least give the elven race a dignified ending. Does that sound like something you’d be interested in?”“Just tell me what you want,” the princess groaned.“Nothing much,” he shrugged. “All I ask is that you crawl to me. And suck my cock.”“I thought you said you’d lost your taste for raping and killing our kind?”“I have. I have no intention of forcing you to do this. I want you to willingly do this for me. If you can supplicate yourself before me and perform this one little act, I’ll know you can contain your hatred for the drow. And then I can leave you here, satisfied that – one way or another – my job is done.”Elincia sat in silence, glaring over at Nimor. But he could tell she was considering his offer. He held back the grin, the laughter, the delight that this most wicked of tricks looked to actually be working. It was Lira who finally broke the tension.“Mother, please,” she begged. “If you won’t do it, let me.”“No,” Elincia snapped, shifting her glare to her daughter, her mind made up. She looked back to Nimor and nodded. “I’ll do it.”Nimor let a version of the grin hiding within him spill free. He leaned back in his seat and loosened his pants, withdrawing his erection for her to see. “Then crawl over here and let’s make a deal.”Elincia slid off the seat and onto the floor, humiliation washing over her as she crawled to Nimor. She didn’t trust him, didn’t believe he would hold up his side of the bargain, but she had to try. It had been so long since the fall of Soleila. And there was some truth to what he’d said, at least in regards to it not mattering when or how they died. She could only desperately hoped that he was being genuine. Not for her own sake, but for Lira. She hated that her daughter would have to watch her doing something so vile, but she knew Nimor wouldn’t allow her to send the girl even into another room. The short distance to where the man sat seemed to take forever and yet not nearly long enough. Her stomach fluttered with unease as she fixed her eyes on the firm, obsidian flesh of his dick. She stared at it, trying to imagine all of the women he’d forced it into over the years. All of the elves who had died for its pleasure. To take such a man into her mouth willingly filled her with a burning hatred, but for her daughter, she managed to swallow the hate down. Lifting herself up onto her knees, she leaned over Nimor’s crotch and parted her lips over the throbbing head of his erection.She tasted his sweat as she moved her lips down his length, tongue dragging along the underside of his shaft. Her jaw strained as she took him deeper, struggling against her gag reflex as his cockhead pushed down the back of her throat. Her instinct was to bite down, chew off the assassin’s dick even if it meant a painful death for herself and her daughter. At least then she could die knowing that he would never be able to use his cock on another elf ever again. But she couldn’t even see the point in that, anymore. The only two elves left were in the room. And she owed it to Lira to at least try and win their lives. But just because she wasn’t biting down didn’t mean she had any intention of making the blowjob anything special. She kept her tongue in check and bobbed her head into his lap with a steady, listless rhythm.Nimor let the princess go on with her lackluster blowjob, enjoying the sight of her lips willingly wrapped around his shaft as well as Lira’s embarrassed staring. When it became clear that Elincia needed some further encouragement, he gave a tug on her hair and frowned down at her upturned face. “If this is the best you can do, I’m afraid you’re not going to convince me,” he told her. Chuckling as her eyes filled with anger, he released his hold and enjoyed the more vigorous bobbing of her head, the tightening of her lips around his shaft as she began to properly suck him off. “That’s a good girl.”Nimor let the disgraced princess continue to humiliate herself for a little while longer before he could no longer resist the temptation to spring his trap on the woman. His hands dropped over the back of Elincia’s head and pushed down hard, shoving her face into his crotch and burying the full length of his shaft down her throat. She gagged hard around him, hot drool gushing from her stretched lips. Her hands shot up, pawing and punching at Nimor’s chest as he held her in place, clearly panicking as she struggled to breathe around his girth. Lira jumped up from her seat, tears already gushing down her cheeks.“You promised!” she whined.Nimor chuckled cruelly and maintained his hold on Elincia’s head. “I did. And if she can survive long enough for me to finish, I’ll keep my word. But unless you want me to rescind my offer now, you’ll sit back down.” Lira stared urgently at her mother, but obeyed. Nimor smirked. “Very good. And why don’t you take off your top, as well? The sight of your pretty young breasts will no doubt help me achieve my release much quicker.” Sniffling, Lira obeyed, even as Elincia waved her arms back at her daughter, desperately signaling her to ignore the assassin’s command, doing whatever she could to urge her daughter to flee. Her fears had been well-founded, and she was certain, whether he came in ten minutes or ten seconds, he would not let either of them live.Lira didn’t have much hope for a happy ending, but she was eager to do anything she could to save her mother. She removed her top, as instructed, and even reached up to cup her modest breasts, jiggling them in her hands for the assassin’s amusement. He nodded his approval, but did not relax his hold on Elincia’s head. Lira’s sobs grew in strength as she listened to her mother’s gagging intensify. “Please, don’t kill her,” she blubbered. “She’s all I have.”Not for long, Nimor thought, openly staring at Lira’s naked flesh. She’d grown into a beautiful young woman. He could see the familial resemblance to Elincia, but there were other things about her that stood out. Her skin wasn’t quite as pale, a certain jagged harshness in her nose, a kind of arch to her eyebrows. Her hair, platinum blonde, was just a little too pale. He pondered on the likenesses she’d no doubt inherited from her father. It was tough to properly gauge an elf’s age just by looking at them, but he was reasonably certain he knew exactly how old she was. It was enough to get him to pull Elincia’s head off of his drool-soaked cock so he could look into her eyes.“She doesn’t know does she?” he whispered to her, low enough that Lira – too busy sobbing – didn’t even catch the words.The spark of fresh horror in the princess’s eyes was the only answer he needed. “P-please,” she groaned. “Don’t tell – “Nimor shoved Elincia’s face back down, sheathing down her throat once more. Being the bearer of a vicious secret tickled him, almost as much as the urgent clenching of the princess’s throat around his dick. She’d not had long to regain her breath and already it was growing stale in her starved lungs. “I don’t think she can last much longer,” he called to Lira. “You’d better finish taking off your clothes and start playing with yourself. I’ve never been able to last long when I’m staring into the dripping wet sex of a beautiful woman.”With her mother’s struggles becoming sloppy and disjointed, Lira hastily cast off the remainder of her clothing. She spread her legs wide, bending her knees so she could rest the soles of her feet against the edge of the chair. She moved her hand down to her sex, curling through the silky pubic hair that was really more white than blonde. She shoved her fingers into her folds, masturbating awkwardly to the site of her mother choking to death on a drow cock. Nimor nodded his approval and even allowed his breath to quicken, as if he was drawing close to release. But the truth was, after a century of practice at precisely this type of task, the assassin had a masterful control over his own body. He would cum when he wanted to and not a moment sooner. He watched the unwanted pleasure working its way through Lira’s miserable face as he felt Elincia’s struggles fading.Lira’s fingers slid free from her wet sex when she saw her mother’s arms drop to her sides and the tension drained from her muscles. “Please! Let her up! She’s dying!”Nimor ignored the girl, enjoying the soft pulse of Elincia’s clenching throat around him as her bloodshot eyes grew vacant, staring at his belly. “Don’t be a fool,” he grunted, finally unleashing the heavy spurts of his jizz down the princess’s gullet. The climax was massive and exquisite, made all the more intense because it marked the passing of the last true elf in the world. He jerked his hips up, fucking the last of his cum into Elincia before he finally pried her locked throat off of his spent member. He twisted her head around for Lira to see her mother’s slack, jizz-drooling face. “She’s not dying. She’s dead.”Nimor shoved Elincia’s corpse to the floor, rising to his feet as Lira unleashed a distraught wail, surging off of her chair and rushing to her mother’s side. She shook Elincia, begging her to come back, as the assassin paced around her, admiring her grief from every angle he could. When he’d admired her long enough that his cock had regained its stiffness, he pulled the grieving young woman away. “Can’t you see your mother’s dead tired?” he growled, tugging the girl deeper into the house. “You should really let her rest. But don’t worry, while she’s getting her beauty sleep, you can keep me company.” He found what he assumed as Lira’s bedroom and pulled her inside, throwing her onto the bed.Lira had no fight in her. She lay on the bed, clutching at her pillows and sobbing into them as Nimor casually stripped off his clothing. He slid into the bed and pinned the girl down, letting her go on crying as he moved a hand down between her thighs to pick up where she’d left off. “Tell me,” he purred, nibbling on the sharp tip of one of her ears. “Did your mother ever tell you anything about your father?”Lira was too consumed with her misery to answer. Nimor’s face hardened. He snared the girl’s clitoris between his fingers and gave it a hard pinch, enough to draw a scream from her and cut through her haze of grief and terror. “He did before I was born,” she yelped. “He died fighting your kind at Soleila.”Nimor chuckled and slid his fingers back into her hot hole, amazed at how tight she was. “Is that what she told you?” He curled his fingers inside her, seeing the pleasure he was forcing into her panted on her face. “Well, your father may have died in Soleila. There were losses. But, I can assure you, he did not die fighting the drow.”“He was a proud warrior!” she screamed.Nimor smiled. “I don’t disagree. But he wasn’t defending that doomed town. He was plundering it. Do you know just how many drow cocks were inside your mother that day? How many of them left their seed buried deep inside her? Any one of them could be your father.” He let out a laugh. “Hell, I might be your father. I’m not surprised she lied about it. And I suspect the only other elf you’ve ever seen in your life was your mother. Not enough to really notice all the ways you looked different than she did. The truth is, the last surface elf died with her lips wrapped around my cock. You’re nothing more than her half-breed slut.”Lira was a sobbing mess, screaming out blind denials at him. Not that he cared. He knew the truth. Elincia had even confirmed it for him, even if she’d not wanted to. Still, even if the girl was nothing special in regards to the purity of her heritage, she was still very special in being the last living elf on the surface. And that demanded Nimor’s fullest attention. Because once she was gone, he would never have another chance to hunt an elf down. Besides, he needed someone to celebrate the extrinction of the elven race with.Moving over her, Nimor forced Lira’s thighs open. He angled his cock down to her slick pussy, pressing firmly into her. He took her slowly at first, knowing he was her first with as much certainty as he knew she was half-drow. He maintained the slow penetration even as he pierced her hymen, sinking fully into her and leaving his erection buried inside her, giving her time to really bask in the feeling. Then he drew back and gave her a proper thrust, hard and painful. He ravaged her with a kind of animalistic passion he’d not felt since he’d snuffed the sage, decades ago. He reached around to grip her ass, burying his face against her chest to suck and chew on her thick nipples. He held nothing back, making her first fuck as memorable as he could, despite the fact that she would not have much longer to remember it.Nimor’s lust for Lira only grew stronger. The fact that she marked the end of his long quest, that her death would mean his victory, that he’d managed to trick Elincia into delivering herself to him, even the possibility that it could have possibly been the cum he’d fucked into Elincia so many years ago that had taken hold and grown in her womb becoming the half-breed he was pounding into now. All of it swirled within him, fueling his desire and his sadistic glee. He finally pulled free from Lira’s throbbing sex, rolling the sobbing young woman over so he could start to work his way up her even tighter back door. Her sphincter was clenched tight, resiting him even in her all-consuming despair. But Lira was far from the first reluctant anal lover he’d taken. And while she had youth and misery to strengthen her efforts, Nimor had the vigor of a drow largely responsible for the genocide of an entire race behind him. He pressed against her asshole with firm force, showing the young woman no mercy as he slowly broke the tight ring of muscle around his girth.Yanking back on Lira’s hair, Nimor leaned around her to bite at her neck as he humped roughly up her ass. The gripping tightness of her rear coaxed him towards another climax. He drove into her as long as he could before he struggled to maintain control over his release. Drawing free from her gaping asshole, he rolled Lira back over. He scrambled up the bed, dropping onto her chest and pulling her head towards his cock. She tried to twist her face away from him, but he was quick to grab her by the jaw, forcing her mouth open and stuffing his filthy dick through her lips. The panicked flopping of her tongue against the bottom of his cockhead was the last stimulation he needed. He came hard into her mouth, watching her cheeks balloon outward as revulsion filled her face. Creamy spunk squirted from her stretched loops, leaking down her chin and streaking back down the length of his pulsing member.After two satisfying orgasms, Nimor needed some time to recover his stamina. Not that he had any intention of relenting in his torment of Lira. He slid down her body, pulling her legs open and dropping his mouth over her sex. His tongue dove through her folds, exploring every inch of her cunt and wiggling against the small bud of her clit. Lira’s sobbing intensified as she writhed beneath him, her young flesh too inexperienced with pleasure to know how to control or resist it. He made her cum with ease and continued to tease her with his mouth, lapping up her sweet juices and coaxing more from her. The girl became a shuddering, sniffling mess by the time he’d had his fill of her honey. His dick was hard again and eager to re-explore her various orifices, starting with her mouth. Unsurprisingly, Nimor found that her meager oral talents were spawned only from her resistance to him. But even that was enough to satisfy him.Treating Lira like the one-of-a-kind commodity she’d become, Nimor spent the better part of a day using her again and again. He resisted the urge to start using his dagger on her. Her flesh was too precious to carelessly carve up. More than that, the assassin had every intention of playing one last trick on the girl before she inevitably died. But only after he’d finally had his fill of her, and only after she’d been sufficiently softened into an easily manipulated plaything. The sun was just starting to rise the following morning when Nimor decided the half-breed’s time had come.Leaving Lira in a half-conscious heap on her badly stained sheets, the assassin moved back into the living area. Elincia’s corpse still lay slumped in the middle of the room, a few flies buzzing and crawling across her cold flesh. He left the dead princess alone, finding himself a length of rope and working it into a noose. Mounting the noose from the ceiling, he dragged one of the chairs under it. Returning to the bedroom, he slapped Lira awake and pulled her to her feet. “I’m afraid I have to be leaving soon,” he told her as he tugged her out of the bedroom. “But before I go, I wanted to give you an opportunity.” He directed her attention to Elincia’s corpse. “Maybe you can succeed where she failed.”Fresh tears stung Lira’s eyes as she looked at her mother’s lifeless husk. Fearful tremors worked their way through her muscles as Nimor forced her up onto the chair. He pulled the noose over her head and tightened it around her throat. “I’m going to pull this chair out from under you in a minute,” he explained. “Since I don’t have much time, you’ll have to work fast to figure out a way to get me off. If you do, I’ll show you mercy. That sounds like a fun game, right?”Nimor yanked the chair away, letting Lira drop a short distance before the rope drew tight. Her mouth shot open, eyes bulging, as the noose bit into her throat. There was the immediate panic, of course, and Nimor was careful to stay out of the way of her wild kicking, waiting for her to settle down a little before dropping into the chair and scooting under her. Her dangling feet dragged across his rising erection, showing her the method she would need to employ if she wanted to try to survive. Even after seeing how he’d fooled Elincia, Lira took the opportunity. She cradled his cock with the soles of her feet, curling her toes against him as her legs worked up and down. Occasionally, spikes of pain and panic would stir into spastic jerking that only further stimulated the assassin. He leaned back and watched the young woman’s buttocks clench and release, the sweat pouring out of her, the jiggling of her tits. He listened to her urgent wheezing and wet gurgling as her face shifted from a bright shade of red towards a darker purple.Lira’s bloated tongue hung obscenely from her mouth, leaking saliva over her jerking breasts. Her feet kept on working him over as best she could. Nimor didn’t bother controlling his lust. He ground upwards, helping the girl to please him. With a satisfied groan, he came over her twitching feet. As his cock drifted towards softness, he slouched in the seat and enjoyed the afterglow of his release and the oncoming end of the final surface elf. She was drifting ever closer to oblivion, but still fighting against it. Her body rotated at the end of the noose, allowing her to fix her bulging eyes on him, begging him to make good on his end of the deal.“Alright,” he relented, rising from the chair. “You completed your task. I’ll show you some mercy.”Grabbing a broom from a nearby corner, he stepped up behind Lira, guiding the blunt end of the handle between her rippling ass cheeks. The shaft of the broomstick was thinner than his cock, making it easy for him to wedge the end of it up her rear. “This should finish you off a little faster,” he told her as he pushed the broomstick further into her ass. He tightened his grip on the broom and rammed it upwards hard. Lira managed a half-choked scream, face constricting with fresh agony. Blood leaked from her stretched asshole down the remaining length of the broom. Gritting his teeth, Nimor kept shoving the stick deeper through her body, not stopping until he saw the bloody end of it pushing free from the half-elf’s sputtering lips. Lira twisted and jerked at the end of the rope for a few moments longer before finally succumbing to the combination of asphyxiation and impalement.Nimor frowned. “I wonder if she thought I actually meant I’d let her live,” he remarked to no one in particular before letting out a laugh and strolling back into the bedroom to get dressed.On his way out, Nimor kicked Elincia onto her back and carved through her throat. Irae would no doubt wish to perform her necromancy on the long lost princess… one last trophy for the szarkai. He left Lira dangling on the rope. Simply being the last elf to die didn’t make her particularly special. In the grand scheme of things, she was nothing more than a half-breed slut. There were still plenty more just like her back in Menzoberranzan. The bitch could rot alongside her headless mother.Stepping out of the little house, Nimor started his long journey back to the underdark, basking in the glory of the terrible quest he’d completed and the regret that the experience was – at long last – over. The elves were gone. Before long, even their surviving offspring in the underdark would eventually either be dead or their bloodlines so diluted that they’d be more drow than elf. This last kill marked an ending… but probably also a new beginning… the assassin had little doubt that unleash Menzoberranzan upon someone else soon, paving her way eternally towards total supremacy.Nimor wasn’t sure if he should be excited or terrified… but he expected he’d find out soon. After all, there were still plenty of other races in the world with fuckable flesh.

This is an especially brutal story, filled with torture, rape, and snuff. Be sure this is a thing you want to read before continuing. Everything was wrong.Irae knew this to be a fact, but she could not for the life of her, say why. Her memories were a conflicted blur, made all the worse because of how the conflicted bits occasionally melded together. She lay across Lashrae Kiltyl’s massage table, although the pervasive calm she’d felt when she’d laid there so long ago was gone. The masseuse loomed over her, his stiff member jabbing into her slippery sex. His hands were around her throat, thumbs pressing firmly into her windpipe. The urgent wheezing pouring out of her didn’t sound like her, but she couldn’t be certain if it was the tone of the voice or simply the desperation of a dying animal she didn’t recognize. As her bloated tongue pushed free from her discolored lips, Lashrae leaned in to suck on it, slurping up the warm drool covering the swollen length of muscle.The fog in her eyes and in her mind was easily attributed to the man’s iron-like grip around her throat, but Irae couldn’t help feeling that it was something more than that. Still, it was difficult to focus on the pervasive surrealism of what she felt when the immediate and very real horror of the acts being committed to her were so insistent. She glared up at Lashrae with hatred and the promise of punishment for his betrayal, uncertain if her asphyxiated face was properly conveying the sentiment. The muscles felt resistant to her intent, more focused on expressing the horror and confused panic radiating through her. Her body shuddered, hips jerking up to meet the masseuse’s powerful strokes. The shape and size of his member was familiar to her. She’d engaged in celebratory acts of carnal passion with him a handful of times over the many years since their initial fateful meeting. But her cunt felt strange around him, as if it had never felt him before. She attributed it to the nature of their current union and her very clear resistance to him.And through it all, as her urgent wheeze became a fatal death rattle and she could feel Lashrae’s prick swelling within her shuddering pussy walls, only a single thought continued to pound in Irae’s oxygen-starved mind.Everything was wrong.The sight of him faded before he could fill her dying snatch with his seed, drifting away along with the tickling sensation that she’d heard this story before from the man himself. Had he not revealed his first act of aggression at the start of the drow rebellion? How he’d satisfied himself with the first early morning client he’d had that day? How she’d writhed beneath him, a stunning look of surprise on her face as he’d plundered into her previously forbidden sex while throttling the life out of her? Irae could almost remember that he had told her that story.But it was impossible. Lashrae could never have told her such a tale. Because she was the woman he’d killed on that eventful day. In fact, she’d had the distinction of being the first woman to die in Menzoberranzan.Except she hadn’t been. She’d been the woman who planned the revolt. Who’d helped set it into motion. The experience could be nothing more than a dream. A bizarre mental fantasy to pass the time now that her wicked deeds had come to a conclusion and there were fewer and fewer playthings to abuse. Cursing her mind for conjuring up such an absurd and humiliating nocturnal playground for herself, Irae drifted deeper.Roused from her slumber, Irae felt a soothing comfort from the familiar smells of the temple, paired with the confusion of feeling an unknown figure pressing her against the small bed she’d slept in since she’d taken on the life of a priestess. She wondered which of her handful of lovers might be so bold as to slip into the temple under the cover of darkness to pay her a carnal visit in the middle of the night. Fighting against the pull of fatigue, Irae’s eyes drifted open, suddenly trying to remember when exactly she’d become a priestess and why. The authenticity of the fractured memories could not be denied, but – like the bizarre dream she’d escaped in death – it did not connect with the other things she knew were true. It was hard to see the figure looming over her as his skilled hands stripped away the thin robe she wore, exploring the pale flesh beneath.His naked stiffness dragged against her slim belly before settling against the lips of her dry cunt. Seeing she was awake, the man clamped a hand over her mouth before he thrust into her, muffling her surprised cry. The lover felt familiar, the flickers of his likeness known to her even as her body reacted violently to his attentions. Hands that were not Lashrae’s but still just as strong – perhaps even stronger – closed around her throat, and suddenly it was happening all over again. Her location had changed, her attacker had changed, even her body had changed, but the horror and confusion of the situation remained the same. She knew there were others, fellow priestesses, sleeping only a few feet away from her, but she could not reach them and with the man’s fingers crushing her esophagus, she could not call out to them.The whole dreadful experience played out before her like some kind of twisted play and Irae had the beast seat in the house. As her bulging eyes stared up at the man humping into her, clawing at him, she finally recognized him as Nimor, her trusted ally in the revolt against her own people and the subsequent invasion of the surface world and the eradication of the elf species. Her lips smacked wetly, gurgling barely more than a whisper as she tried to alert him to the mistake he was making. Somehow, he’d gotten it all wrong. Some devious enemy assassin had managed to take her, slip her into the bed his victim should have been in. Her head pounded, suffering through another asphyxiated demise while simultaneously being removed from it. It could only be another dream. Another nightmare. Sexually violent dreams were not uncommon to her. She’d had them as long as she’d had fur on her sex. But she’d never dreamt herself up as a victim, always the aggressor, or perhaps a voyeuristic observer enjoying the acts of others.Again, a single thought burned in her aching mind.This was wrong.And then, another brief dip into inky blackness.The smell of the temple remained as she was drawn back to consciousness. No figure toward over her, hands clasped around her throat. Instead, she was treated to an outsider’s perspective of what she’d just experienced. Peering through the gloom in the room, she watched the figures on the bed opposite from hers tussle in a passionate, fitful embrace. The thought that it was simply one of her fellow priestess’s lovers coming for a secret rendezvous fluttered through her fogged mind, although she knew that was not the case. Fighting through the confusion and trying to sort out which memories and thoughts were hers and which were not proved too taxing for Irae. Her body felt arousal, and satisfied that her mind’s fantasies were finally playing by her rules, she embraced it, working a hand down to rub against the sticky lips of a cunt that was not her own. As she wiggled the tip of her middle finger against the little bud of her clit, a nauseating rush of forethought struck her. Her masturbatory efforts intensified as she tried to block out what she somehow knew was coming.Upon watching what she could no longer deny was herself dying within Nimor’s grip, Irae struggled to call out to him, to question him for answers she desperately needed, even as she subtly rolled away from him and let her eyes slip closed to maintain the façade of slumber. Her pulse quickened as Nimor slipped into the bed behind her, nuzzling up close to her. She knew his intent even as a part of her urged him to take her, to satisfy the burning left in her loins. When he passed through her soaked lips, the tightness of her own sex surprised her, as did the tearing pain of her maidenhood being stolen. She’d lost that part of herself so long ago that she could hardly remember the face of the man who’d taken it.But that was absurd. She’d not seen the face of the man plunging into her for the first time. He was simply one of Pyria’s entranced men, likely encouraged to come over and take her by the woman herself now lying dead in her tangled, piss-stained sheets. She ground back into Nimor, wanting to enjoy his thick meat inside of her as long as she could before the horror started. Her attempts to question him came out as muted sighs and moans of passion, not wanting to alert the other priestesses sleeping – no, they’re already dead – in the beds surrounding her. And when his hand finally closed around her throat, her mind and body finally found a means of unifying, fighting against him. But the body’s efforts were that of a pathetic, terrified young woman. She cursed the body she being forced to dwell in as it gurgled and jerked back into Nimor’s thrusts, fucking him against her will until the heat of his seed squirting into her chased her back into the dark.The blinding light of the beautiful day did nothing to diminish the sensation of dread and failure permeating every inch of Irae’s body as she stepped from her castle at her husband’s side. But that wasn’t right, either. Because she remember this, albeit from another perspective. This was not a moment of defeat, but of ultimate triumph. As she took her place on the stage and looked out at the mass of the drow army waiting for her, her pride was marred with disgust at the sight of them and the knowledge of that they’d done to her people. Her family. She turned, the nausea growing as she watched herself – and didn’t I look so stunning in that black leather? – strutting out onto the stage. She was everything she’d ever imagined herself being. Confident, beautiful, and wicked.But the eyes she watched herself with were not her own. She vividly remembered standing where she saw herself standing, speaking the words she was now hearing, the electric excitement of what was to come, of the hell she had planned for the elven queen. She recalled trying to imagine the full extent of the agony that was about to befall the woman, eager to see how she would react to the suffering, and even more eager to finally see the life expelled from her worthless husk. There she was, only a few feet away, the perfect image of power and control, but so utterly disconnected from it. Instead, she was left helpless, horrified of what was about to play out with no means of changing it.Irae could no longer delude herself into believing she was caught in the midst of some bizarre fever dream. The imagery was too vivid, the invasion of other thoughts, other memories, too personal. The other scenarios could have been flights of mental fantasy inspired by pent up stress or some deeply buried fears, based on half-remembered stories she’d heard from her conspirators. But this memory was her own, and yet not her own. It was twisted into itself, transformed from a moment of pride into an experience of nightmarish penance. Only one thing could explain this perpetual journey through suffering and death. Somehow, she had lost her own life. And her beloved goddess was now punishing her. It made little sense after all she’d done in Kiaransalee’s name. She’d been the goddess’s most loyal patron and had delivered to her more than any follower ever could have. Irae had not feared her eventual death, knowing that the parting of her mortal life would simply release her into the boundless accolades and rewards Kiaransalee no doubt had in store for her.This ongoing montage of experiencing the acts she’d set into motion and directly ordered was no reward. She felt the bitterness in Queen Gaelira’s heart as her prolonged execution began, and cursed her current vessel for daring to compete with her own, much more deserved bitterness. She screamed as the drow mage unleashed devastated jolts of electricity into her body, taking little solace in the fact that all the pain she’d imagined the queen had suffered had not come close to what the woman had truly endured. Irae was too consumed with how unfair it all was, screaming internally that she did not deserve this after all she’d done, until the agony grew too great for her to endure. Then she screamed because it was all she could do, bound helplessly, eagerly urging her current vessel to just die already to give her even a few brief moments of reprieve from the suffering.Crackles of electricity rushed through her, forcing her muscles to convulse. The pain was sharp, but the further emphasis over her utter lack of control hurt more. It wasn’t right. After all she’d done for Kiaransalee, to be not only cast aside in such a way, but actively tortured made no sense. It was a betrayal too large to ever forgive. Irae wished to see her goddess as she shuddered within Gaelira’s body, watching her husband – not my husband – being sucked off to further add sting to her torment, so that she could spit in the deity’s face.Although the smoking husk of Gaelira had certainly appeared dead before the woman’s skinning had started, Irae knew now that she’d not been. Shocked and tortured into unconsciousness and drifting at the edge of death, certainly, but she’d lasted much longer than she’d ever known. While the queen had remained blissfully unaware of the defilement and removal of her flesh, Irae was given no such benefit. She felt every cut of the knife, every tug on the bloody skin as it peeled away from glistening muscle tissue. She only felt the tug down into the permanent blackness after the majority of the task had been completed, driven half-mad from the sensations of it all and howling into the void for an explanation.The void considered Irae’s pleas, and then fed her back into the maelstrom of suffering.Certain of the source of her new existence did nothing to prepare Irae for the imaginative cruelty her goddess possessed. The world appeared before her, massive and oppressive against the miniscule body she’d been crammed into. The drow soldier who’d snared her – this is not me – was a giant before her. The pixie – Esta is her name, not my name – trembled with terror, having seen what the soldiers had done to the dryads in the sacred forest. She was a tiny, nude thing, less than six inches from the tip of her toes to the top of her head. Her skin was the color of leaves, to help her hide among the branches in the face of threats. She’d been sent tumbling from her hiding place with the felling of the tree she’d called home and was now in the constricting grip of the soldier.Gaelira’s execution had forced Irae to experience helplessness and lack of control. This punishment mirrored it, but with a new element. She was tiny. Puny. Inconsequential. The drow soldier holding her had been less than nothing in her lifetime. She did not recognize him. She certainly had never learned his name. He’d simply been another eager male ready to go out and spread the death and destruction she’d ordered in the name of Kiaransalee. She wanted to believe the man’s cock was in truth of a laughably small size, but as he lined up its throbbing length with her tiny form, she was forced to accept that the only small thing in this current life was herself.The pulse of the man’s erection shook her tiny body, the heat of it washing over her and drawing a thick sheen of sweat from her pores. Worst was the knowledge of what was to come. He was showing her how big his member was compared to her, but also how stiffly eager he was to destroy her with it. He finally lifted her and sat her crotch against the head of his cock. Irae knew that nothing more than the pixie’s own fingers had ever explored her sex. Not that it mattered. The penetration would not be extreme. It would be impossible. To try and violate any of the little thing’s individual orifices would have been task even more impressive than eradicating every elf in the world – you’re welcome, by the way. But the man was not interested in fucking any one orifice Esta possessed. He’d settle for turning her into a single, gory fuck tunnel.The skin of the pixie’s crotch did not stretch, it immediately tore. Bones snapped and organs pulped. Her little belly ballooned outwards as she gagged on the torrent of gore clogging her throat. The cock – like Irae’s suffering – was unrelenting. And the pixie’s life – much to her dismay – was stronger than her miniscule figure should have possessed. Her skin was stretched taut around the girth of the man, tiny arms and legs dangling loosely away from the mangled length of flesh. Only the top of her skull survived the man’s exit from her body, jaw ripped away and throat expanded to easily four times its normal size. She was dragged back and forth along the erection, a tight sheath of warm, bloody pleasure for the soldier.The pulse of his arousal became Irae’s whole existence. That and the pain. His loose grip left her, blood-tinted eyes shifting as he turned and stalked towards a half-dead dryad. The green-skinned beauty had endured quite a bit of torment already. Now she would be used – without anyone but Irae’s knowledge – to disgrace the albino drow further. As the soldier moved the bloody skin-condom wrapped around his cock towards the dryad’s already heavily violated asshole, a bouquet of scents assaulted Irae. She doubted the pixie she inhabited had smelt them. What little remained of her nose was split open and clogged with blood. The stench was allowed to reach her due only to the will of an untrustworthy and foul goddess. She smelled the dryad’s fear-soaked sweat, the burn of the expulsions of the many men who’d used her before, even the linger aromas of her natural bodily processes still clinging to her. The stench worsened as the soldier drove his way into the dryad’s rear, crushing what remained of Esta’s body between the solid hardness of his member and the broken walls of the dryad’s asshole. Fucked ever deeper into the smothering, humid darkness, the tortured pixie finally succumbed to death and sent Irae tumbling away, cast off just as carelessly as the soldier had cast off the ruined flesh condom he’d made.Irae screamed as the meat hook punched through her skin and slid under her shoulder blade. The orc brute known only as the Butcher hefted her flailing figure into the air, leaving her dangling for the drow army – my army – surging into Soleila in his wake. The Butcher had been a capable weapon – one of many she’d recruited and forged in her service to Kiaransalee – now turned against her. It was made all the worse because these were nothing more than flickers of history repeating. The drow soldiers who had their fun with her dangling body saw her as just another worthless elf bitch, helpless to deny them their lusts. Irae would not have enjoyed being hooked and hung and raped again and again under any circumstances, but she would have at least respected her attackers more if they knew who they were truly torturing. These men were nothing but cowards in her mind, spoiling a body without paying any care to who might be trapped inside it. If they knew, they would not dare touch her. And she desperately wanted to lash out at them, to strike down her own forces by the score to show them how foolish they were for taking such foul action against her.The snapping of her shoulder blade as a particularly exuberant drow ripped her down from her perch shocked Irae back to her senses. Or at least, so much of her senses could be restored after the torment she’d endured so far. This was a memory. Someone else’s experienced ripped from their dead skull and crammed into her. These drow soldiers were doing their duty, and doing it well. It was easy to hate them because their actions were having a direct effect on her, but the hatred was misplaced. This moment should have been one among thousands that should have lifted her into the loving embrace of her goddess. She cares not for service in her name, Irae could only think. Her promise of rewards in the afterlife are nothing but lies, meant to stir her followers into zeal. What a fool I was.With a massive chunk torn from the elf soldier’s back, she didn’t last long on the ground. Long enough to deliver Irae into another disgraceful end, stomped to death by the boots of her army.A heaviness filled Irae’s gut, something more physical than the dread and constant nausea that had become constant companions to her. A primal terror came with it, a matronly terror. Dull pain stabbed its way up her rear and with it the next macabre vignette exploded into focus around her. The vessel’s hands clung to her swollen belly, cradling the unborn life gestating within, shrieking out pleas to spare her for the sake of the child. Irae called the pregnant elf a fool. Her army would show her no mercy. Reproducing had never been in Irae’s plans. She’d had no love for children and no desire to undergo the torment of childbirth. But the woman she’d been forced into had plenty of both emotions to spare. The fear for something other than herself assaulted her as the drow kept her pinned over the barrel, hammering into her ass.A wild flash of protectiveness consumed her. She needed to save the child. It was hers. It deserved to live. Her own life could be forfeited with ease if only she had the knowledge that her progeny would live on. The sensations revolted her, clashing with her selfish nature. She wished the dumb elf bitch would stretch her neck and look around a little more. She was certain she’d seen her pregnant self getting buggered during her ride through Soleila. If she could only see herself – even for an instant – she could remember her true nature. Anything to be rid of the motherly terror she felt for the unborn worm stretching her gut.But the bitch did not turn her head. And despite all of Irae’s struggles, she could not command her to. Instead, she was forced to bask in the torment – both physical and mental – until the soldiers finally rolled her onto her back. The elf’s pleading intensified as blades were aimed at her belly and Irae – consumed with motherly instinct – silently begged alongside her. When the soldiers struck, they made sure to sink their swords into the pregnant elf only so far, dicing up the child inside her. It felt like a piece of herself, her entire future, was being murdered. Satisfied, the soldiers gave her a few kicks before moving on, leaving her to pour blood from her gouged up belly. Irae was left to grieve with the horrified mother, screaming for her to die faster so that she could escape the sorrow pushing in around her from all sides. But it was a slow, lingering demise, sparked by the occasional brute who wandered by and decided to fuck the sobbing woman, or piss in her mouth.Irae felt a wave of relief when she finally expired, only to have it snatched away by the certainty that whatever came next would not be any more pleasant.The unjustly punished drow at least found some balm for the emotional assault of being forced into the mind of a mother by the selfish nature of the elf she became next. The girl’s aspirations were laughably small, unsurprising given the unremarkable little town she lived in, but she could at least warm herself in the bitch’s narcissistic nature for a few scant moments before the sneak attack force she’d sent out to lure out the elven army struck. And then, it was back into hell. A fresh new hell that had already come to pass, forced not just to observe but to experience every moment in graphic detail. She swore Kiaransalee was enhancing her ability to feel, to sense, making every violation, every injury a thousand times more painful.The elf had been quite the popular little whore in her town and she soon became a popular little whore for the drow soldiers. She’d been raped over a dozen times – in each of her most alluring holes – by the time they dragged the noose over her head and cinched it tight. Up she went and once again Irae was suffering through the slow pain of strangulation. But her drow suitors were far from finished with her. Her kicking legs are still so sexy and her holes still possessed a pleasant tightness – even tighter with the noose digging into her throat. They moved in close to her, one by one, and took their turns. The girl – fool that she was – took each of them with panicked joy, wrapping her legs around them and bouncing atop their erections to buy herself a few more minutes of life. Trapped in the depths of her psyche, Irae knew that the idiot actually thought she could win her life if she performed well enough under the constant threat of death.Stop this, Irae demanded, both of the girl and her goddess. Stop this and just die. Just let yourself die.But the girl did not. And swinging from the noose at the center of the town, she had a clear enough view of the atrocities taking place around her. She watched her neighbors – her handful of lovers – slaughtered. She watched the other women in the town enduring similar torments, some dying, others being enslaved. The girl’s jealousy spiked each time she witnessed one of her kind being put in chains. How desperately she yearned for a long life of servitude and abuse, proving what a selfish, narrow-minded idiot she was. She spotted another elf girl amongst the others and focused on her. Irae recognized the new girl as well.Merethyl, the one who got away. Her and the vessel – Shandalar – had been bitter rivals before their world had come crashing down around them. That rivalry persisted even in the midst of the worst experience of her young life, it seemed. Her hips jerked against whatever cock happened to be in her at the moment, fucking with ravenous passion, clinging tightly to the back of the man plunging into her. She wanted to live. If not to be put in chains, than at least to witness her rival’s demise. Although Irae would never have allowed herself to be put in chains – except, I have, haven’t I? – she found a spark of admiration for Shandalar in her efforts to at least see Merethyl die first. But Irae had lived well beyond this point in history. She knew how things would end. Which made it all the more infuriating having to deal with the girl’s futile efforts to resist the bite of the noose, hoping to witness something that she would never get the chance to.Shandalar’s users became more infrequent, the stretches of time she was left to dangle growing longer and longer. She was a used up slab of fuck-meat, her holes too loose and too greased to offer much pleasure. Not nearly enough pleasure compared to the thrill the men got from watching her twist and turn on the rope. The bitch put up a good fight, right until the end, much to Irae’s dismay. And when the darkness finally came, Shandalar died knowing that she’d gone before her rival. To the self-centered young woman, that was the worst slight, proving to Irae just what a petty, puny fool she was.Not that Irae was finding herself particularly fond of the aspirations that had dictated so much of her own life in that moment.Likely sensing how desperate her victim was for a reprieve, the wicked goddess delivered Irae into the elven priestess Gwynnestri. The blind adoration of any goddess burned Irae’s tortured psyche, but it was made all the more bitter because it was an elven goddess. One I snared and sacrificed in your name, she screamed out at Kiaransalee. The moment of worship she’d been dumped into was thankfully short-lived, interrupted by Nimor and his band of assassins. Memory gave her a hazy vision into her immediate future. She’d certainly reveled over the details of the wicked game he’d played with the priestesses. She would do no reveling while being forced to live through it, of that she was certain.The contest began and Irae’s fury and torment grew. Another moment of great triumph ruined forever due to the personal perspective she was being given. When Gwynnestri’s mind shattered, she felt her own worn out mind bend under the strain of shared consciousness. Clearing the shameful goals presented to her with the enthusiasm of a lunatic, she fought against the growing masochist fire that fueled the priestess. Her jealousy for the less capable elves grew as they were killed – brutally but at least freed from the endless stream of suffering. Why this one? It was a question that was bouncing around Irae’s head more and more. The answer was as clear as it was distasteful, but it didn’t stop her from asking it.The extent of Gwynnestri’s madness crushed Irae. It overwhelmed and smothered her, forcing her to enjoy the cruel acts she endured. She fought against it with everything she had, but the disgraced priestess proved to be an unbeatable foe, made all the more so because her role in the scene was fixed, while Irae’s was decidedly more malleable. With her current vessel’s tenacious grip on life and zeal for her new station, Irae had nothing but time to suffer through all of Gwynnestri’s gleeful debasement. The priestess became a prison within a prison for Irae, trapped within the depraved shell for decades as she discovered just how foul a being could be to appease her masters. The surreal nature of Irae’s existence became a haze to her as she was dragged along through Gwynnestri’s years of slavery.Days stretched on and on, filled with violent sexual acts. Gwynnestri was incapable of being raped, no matter how depraved her users were. She welcomed each new torture and freely showed how much she enjoyed her suffering, unless ordered not to. And trapped within the former priestess, Irae was forced to perform perfectly in step with her. Under other circumstances, she would have singled Gwynnestri out as a prime example of just how pathetic the elven race truly was. But being forced to live the priestess’s foul life had Irae shrieking at the woman’s pre-written consciousness, demanding her to find some self-respect. The only ounce of it she could find came from the level of disgusting, harmful acts she performed. Gwynnestri took pride in breaking her asshole open around the thick head of a drow’s club, leaking her hot blood down the solid wood. She took pride in being so thoroughly fucked that her belly distended from the jizz-baby sloshing around inside it. She took pride in every half-breed child she squeezed down her birth canal, delivering it into either a quick, brutal death or a prolonged life of slavery just like her own.Every lash of the whip, every bruising punch or bone snapping kick, every crude insult lobbed at her. It all worked to strengthen Gwynnestri’s desperate desire to be the greatest of all the whores. It sickened Irae. Not what the drow were doing to her, but the priestess’s reaction to it. She kept waiting for it to become boring. Many of the acts Gwynnestri suffered were repetitive, but she approached each abuse with the same degree of enthusiasm and excitement, which – in turn – made each abuse fresh and just as painful as the last for Irae, no matter how many times she’d gone through it. It wore away at her, until she became desperate for even a small piece of the madness that had claimed the priestess so quickly. To lose her mind, to give in completely to the torture, to no longer remember how unfair it all was and that she didn’t deserve what was being done to her, and would go on being done to her, would have been a gift too precious to cast away. Yet anytime her mind grew too fatigued to endure anymore, a fresh rush of awareness and renewed vigor surged into her, denying her the ability to slip into psychosis or blissful disassociation. If anything, the longer she spent inside Gwynnestri, the more in tune she felt with the woman.Because it was her enduring the torture, committing the acts. And she hated it. So why did she pretend to love it so much? And why did it feel so much like she wasn’t pretending? Irae became the spark of rational thought buried deep in the back of Gwynnestri’s head, screaming at her to do something – anything – to kill herself. There were so many opportunities wasted or ignored. Even when accidental death seemed likely, she was allowed to mend, to heal, just so she could be thrown back into the flesh grinder.Then the time came – Gwynnestri’s final orgy of suffering – and once more Irae was forced to witness one of her greatest accomplishments – perhaps the greatest accomplishment – twisted in on itself and somehow used against her. Watching Corona’s torturous execution from within Gwynnestri – with Kiaransalee in attendance – felt more like an accusation than a moment of triumph to her now. She could see another her, a her so far above the lowly whore she’d been made into, standing proud beside her goddess. She was being mocked, offended. She wanted to make Gwynnestri’s body crawl its way over to the other her, to warn her of what was coming. But even after being trapped inside her for so long, Irae had no control over the vessel, she could only dwell within, suffering, until the whore’s exuberance finally led her to breathing the chunky wads of jizz of her final living lover.The full weight of two decades worth of suffering crashed down over Irae as she sank back into the darkness. Free from the masochistic desire to feel the pain, an aftershock of what had been done to Gwynnestri ran through her, drawing her into endless screams of agony and self-pity. Knowing that more pain, more defilement was soon to come only made her scream harder. She had no physical throat to endure the strain of her unrestrained howls, but it didn’t stop it from aching. The darkness seemed to linger, as if Kiaransalee wanted her to baste in the agony for a little while. The pain ebbed and flowed, but mostly flowed. It still felt like she was being fucked. Fucked hard by something massive. Then she realized the screaming pounding into her own ears had an echo matching it, slightly out of rhythm.She’d slipped seamlessly into yet another tortured life without even realizing it. The darkness wasn’t quite as dark as the void that she kept slipping into, but it was close. The stench wafting up around her made her want to puke, a sentiment her vessel seemed to share as a hot watery spray erupted from her lips. Or maybe the smell had nothing to do with it. The tree-trunk sized cock was jammed so far up her torn cunt that it bashed into her stomach. Irae realized with a sudden horror exactly where she was and what was happening.The trolls, locked up in their coffins. Used to break in the elven whores they’d captured. They’d been a special pair – Vanya and Ahshala. Twin sisters, identical beauties. It seemed especially amusing to stuff them both into a single coffin. The one she was in – Vanya – howled and pressed her bound palms against the thick bulge in her gut, kicking her legs uselessly. Thick cum sloshed down them, filling the bottom of the coffin. Ahshala – the younger sister by scant minutes – only screamed and squirmed against the pair, proving just what a useless cunt she was. Vanya, the fool, was actually thankful that she’d been the one the troll had found his way into first. Irae didn’t need control over a face to sneer, but she found it difficult to even imagine such an expression when so much organ-smashing pain tore through her. It didn’t stop her judgment of the elder sister, or her hatred for the younger with her meaningless screaming and her inability to take any kind of action to save herself. The sisters were weak. And, trapped within one and – once that one finally succumbed to the internal pulverizing the troll gave her – then the other.Ahshala was worse than her sister. Untouched by the troll, and yet so full of terror. After being forced to experience the worst of what a woman could be tortured with, Irae felt no sympathy for the girl. Only bitterness and resentment that she was being forced to languish within the pathetic creature’s body as she wept for herself when the worst she had to deal with was being crammed into a coffin, tightly packed beside the thoroughly fucked ragdoll that had once been her sister and the creature responsible for her death. The troll seemed to be having the time of his life, continuing to rut into Vanya’s corpse. Her holes were loose and greasy, but still capable of getting the beast off. The coffin was soggy with a growing pool of jizz. It sloshed around Ahshala, clinging to her flesh and soaking through her hair. And still, the little cunt could do nothing but scream and sob. Scream and sob until she was gagging on the thick spunk pouring into her mouth. And as her body jerked and drowned, soaking in the troll’s ejaculate, Irae soaked in the aura of being helpless and weak and – ultimately – worthless.Irae’s spirit had been broken, reforged, and shattered again. The only thing she had left, and she clung to it with every fiber of her incorporeal being, was the hatred she had. For her goddess and for all the pathetic creatures she was being forced to live as. And even that was wearing thin. Because there was no end in sight. Her memories, and she couldn’t even be convinced they were even all her own anymore, or if they were if they were accurate, were so muddied, so deluded from the suffering. She couldn’t say how long she’d been going through the hell devised for her, or if any end was in sight. There was only the next life, and its painful death. None of them her and yet all of them her. Being the twins, side by side, gave Irae a terrifying glimmer of insight into Kiaransalee’s design.Everyone. Every single soul I brought to an end in her name. Every drop of blood I spilled for her honor. She’s making me go through them all.There’d been a time, or at least she thought there’d been a time, where she’d marveled at the body count her not-so-little war had amassed. So many corpses. The thought of them all – the drow and the elves – piled together, rotting into one congealed mass of flesh and puss had sent her into fitful masturbatory frenzies. It wasn’t just the loss of life or how they’d died that drove her wild, but the knowledge that she’d been instrumental in their ends. Without her, none of it would have been possible. Nimor had done his part, certainly, but the man was nothing more than a murderous brute… a knife in her hands. His skills as an assassin had provided a very effective tool for her usage, but she had been the one to arrange the plans, construct the strategies.And for all of that, for all of my work, all of my success, this is my reward? Please, just make it stop.Of course, it did not stop. Perhaps, it would never stop. After her double dose of being trapped in the dark, the sudden light – limited though it was in the underdark – seemed blinding despite her like of genuine eyes. As she settled into the new vessel, emotions and memories layered over her own. It was the only part of her ongoing imprisonment that wasn’t painful. And yet, in perhaps the most personal way, it was. Irae would have valued the ability to peer into other people’s minds during her life, but in death the innate ability had become another method of violating her. Death – how did it happen? All of these ends, none of them mine – could not grant her solitude in her own mind. It wasn’t enough to feel all manner of cock, weapon, or toy stuffed into every hole she possessed and – if those lost their charm – fresh wounds made for the fucking. She had to suffer all of the thoughts, all of the emotions, every remote memory from every meaningless day of the lives of each woman she wound up in.The thoughts forced themselves on her, tried to make her pity the women whose demises she’d orchestrated. At least, that was the best that Irae could think. Some deal Kiaransalee made with another deity… that was the best answer for why this was happening that she could come up with. Irae was just the cost of her bargain. It was the only thing that made sense to her, and even then, it made no sense to her. Kiaransalee did not bargain. Certainly not with a god or goddess that would wish this kind of torment on her greatest acolyte. Softened by such a lengthy span of hell, Irae was more than ready to try some bargaining of her own. Finding an escape seemed too high of a cost, but she could endure the torture a little easier if only she had an answers, any answer at all, to the questions bouncing off the consciousnesses of so many damned women.The thoughts oozing through her were filled with arrogance fueled by a deeply embedded belief that she was too special to suffer any true horror. Too important to die and too beloved by her goddess to truly suffer. Irae felt a tickle of madness – different than the breed that had consumed Gwynnestri – as she realized who she now was. Matron Mother Quenthel, she thought. She’d not even thought of the dead drow queen in so very long. She’d never realized just how alike they’d truly been. It was a more than a little remarkable, being inside her as her brother handed her a sword and challenged her. The idiot had no skill with a blade, but she’d had every intention of killing Grompf with the blade when she picked it up. More than victory, she’d expected it to be an easy task, as if the universe would simply hand it to her because it was something she desired.She knew exactly how it would all play out. There she was, after all, lying across the armchair, stripped bare and teasing her breasts. She’d gotten quite a good deal of pleasure out of watching all the terrible things Grompf had done to Quenthel. Stunning pleasure only a few feet away but hopelessly unreachable. Instead, she was forced to endure the queen’s pompousness from outside and from within. Irae wanted more than anything to lie back and laugh at the selfish fool for her steadfast belief that she was better than all others. But she couldn’t. Every passing moment she spent inside Quenthel, through Grompf’s myriad of rapes and tortures, only further underlined the reality that she was just like the dead queen. The same thoughts, or versions of them at least, had rolled through her head so many times. And just like Quenthel, she’d been so very wrong. She’d not been the darling of her goddess, she’d not been too clever, too powerful, too important to escape a terrible fate. Quenthel… herself… they were no different than the lowest of whores rubbing their hairy snatches into the faces of toothless drunkards for a few coins to spend on stale bread.The grand scheme of things was being revealed to Irae. And she found she hated it. She’d always imagined the grand scheme to be something… grand. Mean-spirited and full of cruelty, perhaps. But not this. Not this petty, meaningless thing where no one – where she – held any value. Quenthel had considered herself to be the most important being in all of creation. Irae knew that as well as she knew the folds of her own cunt. And while her death had been the climax of a change that would never be undone, her existence had meant very little in the grand scheme of things. Irae, herself, had nearly forgotten about the dead queen after all that had come afterward. The eradication of the elven race was certainly something that would be written about in history books until there was no time left in the world to write another recounting of the events. But none of the elves who’d perished to make it possible had meant anything. From the queen down to the drooling idiots who rather liked the taste of their own excrement, their lives were of equal value, measured in the same stretch of suffering before oblivion. They’d done things, things they’d considered meaningful certainly. But when the armies and the assassins and the hunting parties came for them, killed them, it nullified them completely.It was another thought that had kept Irae warm at night, mostly because everyone else had been so meaningless, while she’d been the truly important one. Finally. It had been hard fought and well won. And she’d been so very certain that no other drow, before her and certainly not after her, could ever amount to such glorious deeds. The thought that she could just as easily become yet another dead, worthless thing had never crossed her mind. She’d rested easy knowing her afterlife would be spent basking in the praise of her goddess, mostly because she’d never expected the day to arrive.The mental hell she was tumbling through proved to be an effective distraction from the horrors being visited upon Quenthel’s flesh, but one that left her feeling even worse. Fresh horror suddenly shot through her as she realized in the time she’d drifted, days had passed. Grompf’s single-minded and selfish torment of his sister had slackened and suddenly, it was her orchestrating the pain. She looked up into her own face, watching her own smirks of sadism and listening to her own orgasmic sighs as she fingered Quenthel into unwanted releases or lashed her back into raw, bleeding welts. She tasted her own fluids as Irae rode Quenthel’s face, Grompf stuffing his slippery tongue into his sister’s slit. And just like Quenthel’s own mind, Irae felt like a worthless cunt.The depression only worsened, her mind finally breaking down and allowing all of the pain and weakness she felt to come spilling out of her. She’d sobbed before, screamed, begged, but the hatred in her had kept her grounded. Now, it was no longer enough. Her grip on herself – her real self – slipped away. Quenthel was no vessel. She was Quenthel, and Quenthel was her. She tumbled about in the tortured queen’s mind, powerless to control anything and now fully aware that she was so powerless. And when Grompf finally slipped the silk cord around her throat, she thanked him for finally giving her a way out, already sobbing for whatever new life would be waiting for her on the other side of the veil.She’d always wanted to be a soldier. Being an only child, her parents had not approved, but it hadn’t stopped her from fashioning toy swords from sticks and dueling with her toys growing up. It was her uncle who gave her the bow, trained her how to use it. She’d been quite good with the weapon, a natural. She’d kept that bow at her side from then on, during her journey to enlist and through the realization of her childhood dream of becoming a soldier. It had taken some subterfuge on her part to get her superiors to allow her to use her personal bow instead of one assigned to her, but – as far as they knew – she was just better at hitting the mark when she used her uncle’s bow. When the reports came in of the attack, she’d been eagerly looking forward to using it to drop as many of the drow filth as she could.But the drow filth had been waiting for them – of course, it was a perfect trap to snare them… us – and the fight had gone against them so swiftly that she’d not had any time to live out her dream of being a stunning warrior. The best she could manage was a single panicked shot into a drow soldier’s gut. The small dose of satisfaction she got from the strike was immediately destroyed as the rest of the soldier’s unit swarmed her. They were beasts, all of them, stuffing and groping her with concern only for their own pleasure. She was thankful for that. It kept the experience pure in its foulness. Based on the rising moans of unrestrained, unwanted pleasure pouring out of Nakiasha courtesy of the pack of goblins working her over, she could have been suffering something so much worse. Just give it time. I will be eventually. Or maybe she already had.When the tight line of her bowstring was brought up against her throat, she felt a sting of shame. She’d been entrusted with the weapon, had grown so skilled with it, but now the family heirloom was being used against her. It would have been bad enough to be felled by arrows launched from the thing, but to be strangled by the string was so much crueler, more personal. The tugging against her throat hammered in her failure with a burning intensity that overshadowed the throbbing pain of the drow’s cock hammering into her ass. She died feeling worthless, pathetic, and utterly disgraced.The burlap sack kept her from seeing anything as she was roughly shoved about. It stank of terrified sweat, both stale and fresh. The scar tissue capping the tops of her mangled ears ached. That was nothing new. The agony of shredding off the pointed tips had hurt more than anything she’d ever felt and the pain had never fully gone away. But now the scars were hurting a little more than normal. It could only be the fear coursing through her and the anger. The humans who’d come for her had not bothered to listen to her pleas or her explanations. They’d had a little fun with her as they took her to wherever she was going. With the sack over her head, it had been impossible for her to predict what area of her body they assaulted next The festivities had been intense for a while, but when she was finally dragged out of the back of the wagon and into some building, forced onto her knees, she knew she’d reached the destination they’d set out for.The sack came off and suddenly she was glaring up into a face that had haunted the nightmares of every elf still alive in the world. It was a face she knew very well – intimately even. He stared down at her with bafflement at first, followed swiftly by amusement. His mocking laughter burned at her, conjuring up bitter memories of all those who’d openly mocked her in the past. Revenge against those who looked down on her had inspired her to commit terrible deeds. The man – Nimor – had helped her accomplish many of those deeds. And now even he was laughing at her, mocking her, seeing her as nothing more than a joke.Her lips parted, spilling out lies about what she was, denying her heritage, her race. But that was wrong. The heritage was not her own and she did not wish to deny anything. She wanted to punish Nimor for how he was treating her, just like she’d punished so many others who’d made the same foolish mistake. But instead, all she could do was lie, the terror eating away within her, desperate to find some means of escape from the terrible deed these men were planning to commit upon her. And all those lies gave her was more laughter, more mocking. Then the crossbow came out and she dared Nimor to pull the trigger, to cross a line that would mean his certain downfall. He was playing some kind of silly, stupid game, certainly. She’d allowed him too much freedom and he’d taken it and gotten delusions about how much more important he was than she was. The crossbow – the threat of sudden death – was meant to frighten her. If she gave him even an ounce of fear, he’d no doubt lower the weapon and laugh at her some more.She refused to play along with his sick game. And even if her mouth would not form the words she was trying so hard to get out, she could at least pass the message along through her face, through her unwavering glare up at him. She’d go on glaring at him until he finally relented, begged for her forgiveness, offered her his life in exchange for the offense he’d given her. Against her control, her eyes shifted to the tip of the bolt aimed at her face, and suddenly all of the fear stuffed inside her came spilling out. She barely heard the twang of the crossbow firing, hardly felt the stabbing pain through her head, but as the darkness snapped shut around her, she swore she could hear Nimor’s laughter chasing after her.Her strained jaw ached, forced open as the thick slab of stiff flesh plunged further down her constricting throat. The weight of her very soul felt too heavy for her to fight back, mind burdened with the debaucheries she’d already freely committed to save herself courtesy of the defilement of her beloved goddess’s most precious icons. She wished her love of Corona was strong enough to allow her to boldly refuse the drow assassins invading the sacred temple, but seeing what became of the priestesses who had terrified her into acts of desperate salvation. Even so, it didn’t make the acts she was forced to perform any easier. And the drow male fucking her face seemed uninterested in obeying the rules that had been given to the women. His excitement had him attempting to lodge himself as deeply as he could into her throat, and keep himself there. She could only catch brief wafts of his unwashed genitals between urgent gurgles as she choked around him. She pawed at his thighs, bulging eyes stinging with tears and the jabbing of his thick strands of pubic hair. It all felt so unfair, as her vision went grey, that despite all she was willing to do to prolong her life, she would now die because of the exuberance of an overly horny assassin who seemed to like the gulping of her spasming throat muscles just a little too much. There was nothing she could do to escape it. There’d never been anything she could have done to escape it.There had only ever been the cycle. Suffering, death, more suffering, another death. That’s all she’d ever had and all she ever would have. She was a being with a simple purpose. To be tortured, to be punished, and to be executed. There was no point in questioning the why or the how. She wasn’t worth those answers. She’d never been worthy of anything more than endless pain.Suddenly, he was back. What he was doing in her office so late at night, she didn’t know. He shouldn’t have even been in the city. She was more furious at his intrusion and the rough way in which he was handling her than she was afraid of him, at least at the start. There were people who should have kept him from reaching her, who should have killed him before he could become such a threat. Somehow, they’d failed their duties. Thinking about it, the safety net was laughably ineffective, especially when put against an assassin of his caliber. He’d slipped through so many shadows and snuffed out so many lives. Reaching her was a thing of simplicity. But why would he want to hurt her? They were partners.The strange familiarity she felt for the man suddenly snapped into focus as Irae’s mind and memories overrode Lixiss Raloxisys’s. The tyrannical employer seethed in her impotent outrage, but Irae was more fixed on Nimor. She shrieked up at him, mentally, as he forced himself into her, grinding into her helpless snatch. He could help her figure out what had gone so terribly wrong, but she had to find a way to make him hear her words. Her frustration built as her attempts failed again and again. We’re allies, you fool, she howled. Working together. Why are you doing this? Stop! He saw only lustful murder in his leering gaze, a clear sign of what he intended to do to her. Don’t do this, please, she begged. You have to spare me or you’ll ruin everything. This isn’t my time to die. We still have so much work to do! Please, spare me!She begged him as he filled her roughly, confused as the interloper entered the room. The little bitch, she thought. She was never a good assistant. Go get help, you stupid cunt!But the stupid cunt did no such thing. Instead, she had to watch as the man she’d trusted with such an important part of her life’s greatest work strike a bargain with the worthless little whore who’d never delivered a satisfying day’s worth of assistance. He allowed the bitch to do what she liked with her. Rape her, torture her, and – finally – even kill her. That such a worthless bit of flesh been gifted the privilege of executing her enraged her further. At least do it yourself, she thought at Nimor. I deserve that at least.But he simply stood behind Keya and watched as she was snuffed out, entertained by the young elf’s act of vengeance.The effort of trying to communicate with Nimor sapped Irae of her sense of self, allowing her to slip into the next vessel and be dragged along for the ride. Rage and disappointment soaked through her as she looked across the field of slaughter, witnessing the failures of her army and the cost of that failure. Her pride refused to let her acknowledge how soundly the drow had outplayed her in terms of strategy and her sense of self-importance left her feeling more secure than her underlings and the enslaved villagers. She was certain she would not be treated with the same disrespect. Her flesh was too valuable to risk, although there was nothing to save the bruising of her pride.Beaten and captured and with an untold number of violations rapidly approaching, she burned with defiance. The general saved herself from much of the shame that came with being so expertly violated by slipping into a trance-like state, but Irae did not possess such a skill. She was fucked into a daze, left feeling disgusting and exhausted by the time she stepped up to herself. She recalled placing her thumb on the general’s forehead, relishing in the pain her power had caused in the woman, how it had finally managed to break her after so many men had failed to do so. Now that trick was turned against her, and she screamed alongside Syllana as the worst agony she could fathom was forced through her body over the course of a few fleeting moments.Then came the ogre, and the general gave up any semblance of maintaining the facade she’d kept in place for so long. She showed her fear, her weakness, and her disdain for those she felt were beneath her. It did nothing to save her as her asshole was broken on the ogre’s massive member. The panicked shrieks echoed around her as the beast slowly stretched her head, decapitating her with cruel slowness as her skin stretched and tore and her bones snapped and popped. An odd weightlessness washed over her, followed swiftly by the thick heat of the ogre’s jizz as it blasted through her ragged neck stump and soaked her grimacing face.The pain faded only momentarily before flaring to new heights. She howled, watching through tear-soaked eyes as the tree’s thick branch was brutally hacked through. Each strike of the drow’s axe was felt in her right shoulder. When the branch finally came free and toppled to the forest floor, she felt as if her own arm had been lopped off, although looking over, she could see it still secured to the rest of her body. She felt fingers close around the throbbing limb as the drow picked up the severed branch. Twisted away and forced onto her hands and knees, more hands grabbed hold of her green-skinned buttocks, prying them apart. The conflict of sensations left her dizzy as she felt her asshole being violated by the branch, while simultaneously feeling the hot walls of her rear stretching and gripping around the solid wood. Left with the bizarre duality of being fucked as well as fucking, she writhed and sobbed on the forest floor until the branch was jammed deep enough through her body to shoot up the back of her throat and punch through the roof of her mouth. As her body seized and voided itself into the leaves, she felt the pulse of her own impaled brain around the branch.The stockades creaked around her as her son pumped steadily into her loose snatch. She could not recall the last time either of her children had come to see her, or her father. Such a long time had passed since they’d kept her for themselves, tied to her bed and open for their lust whenever they chose to climb on top of her. She’d given birth to three children while tied to that bed – or had it been five? – before she’d been delivered to the breeding farm. Her will to fight had died the day the drow men revolted, when her family turned on her and made her their personal whore. Using her to give them offspring hadn’t been a part of their plan, she suspected, but they’d been quite amused when their seed had impregnated her. Now, more than two dozen births later, she’d long ago given up the will to even live.After becoming just another drow breeder bitch, it was impossible for her to know whether the children she birthed were the byproduct of her incestuous family or some random rapist who stalked through the crowded warehouse. Her sons had certainly visited her enough times that it was possible more than a few of the children belonged to them. Her father seemed content with only using her ass, uninterested in baring any more spawn. Whenever he came, after he finished packing her bowels with his seed, he made sure she sucked his soiled member clean before rewarding her with a hot mouthful of his urine. She wasn’t sure how many times he’d gone through the routine, but it was enough that the pungent taste of his waste no longer made her puke.Her youngest son grunted behind her, hammering into her with easy strokes. Her pussy gaped permanently, stretched out from the multitude of births. His hands reached around to squeeze at her sagging, swollen tits, forcing spurts of creamy milk from her puffy nipples. The lengthy suffering felt so much longer, though. Because she’d been in this warehouse before, she suddenly realized. Not in this body, but in another. A sudden jolt of realization crashed over Irae as a cascade of buried experiences blossomed within her. Time held little meaning for her when eternity stretched forward and backward endlessly, but she realized – by mortal standards – she had to have been enduring this unwarranted punishment for thousands of years. If she was meant to experience every end from the rebellion and the genocide she’d orchestrated, that time would have to be drawing to a close. The death toll had been the greatest the world had ever known, but surely she had to be near the end of it.The breeding warehouse was filled with the moans and groans of other drow women. Irae’s hope sparked as she realized she recognized some of the sounds. Remembered making the sounds. At the same time, she realized there were others she’d never heard before, or at least, never made before. The inert woman rocking in her bondage as her son drove into her from behind stared out at her fellow slaves, allowing Irae to feel a rising dread as she recognized so few of the drow women. The ones she’d been already she spotted instantly, as if being a part of them had allowed her to recognize them even from a third-person perspective. But there were far more who remained a mystery to her.As Aunrae’s youngest son squirted his load into her and left his mother to work on developing whatever fetus was currently gestating inside her, Irae was left to drink in the horror that despite all of the lives she’d gone through already, she’d not even come close to reaching the end of her ordeal. Despite her decades of abuse and her worn out state, Aunrae possessed a strength that kept her alive against her wishes. Irae was forced to watch as other drow women around her expired. Some of the deaths were icy reminders of a life she’d experienced already, while others were gruesome previews into her own future. Finally, dozens of births and more than a century later, Aunrae’s body succumbed to the stress of passing a child through her gaping birth canal, shuddering into death within the stockades. Only then was Irae free.Her wings twitched with unease as such horror, such pain squeezed around her. Looking up at herself, eager for a show of supplication, she blubbered out pleas of forgiveness from her defiled goddess left on display. The Avariel, Irae thought with a sudden jolt of awareness. Corona’s two other handmaidens were already slaughtered. Which meant this was the one who lived. It was hard to see herself through the glaze of tears leaking from Erlan’s eyes as she cast away her goddess and pleaded for her life.No, Irae shrieked from her mental prison. Kill her, she urged herself. Kill me! You don’t trust her servitude. You’ll do everything in your power to make sure she’s truly broken. Don’t do it, please! Just butcher her like you did the others! Please, don’t make me live this! Not this time!But just like every other moment of time she’d experienced, Irae had no power to alter the course of events. She could only watch them play out and endure the horror of it all. The shock collar snapped closed around her throat and, as it did, Irae’s mind turned to the hundreds of years the surviving Avariel had gone through after this moment. She’d been present for much of it, witnessing it from the outside. Hardly a moment would pass through the centuries without Erlan suffering in some way or another. Her torture was nearly as masterful an orchestration as had been done to Corona. And with her goddess forsaken and dead, there was no means for the Avariel to even find an ounce of mental comfort. She would go on living, regretting her moment of weakness for self-preservation, lamenting the opportunity she’d let so casually slip away. And Irae was forced to take the ride alongside her, despising the winged bitch for that moment, despising herself for not simply killing the last handmaiden.As the years dragged on and on, Irae dreaded the Avariel’s finale. When the greased tip of the spit was finally shoved up her upraised ass, she strained to turn back time to the moment Erlan had supplicated herself. On that point, both Irae and the Avariel were in perfect rhythm. The spit slid through her body with expert precision, emerging from her gaping mouth. The heat of the low burning fire washed over her as she was set in place and sent slowly rotating over the roasting pit. Erlan’s durability allowed her to survive the slow cooking process. She was still whimpering when her smoking, golden-brown husk was removed from the spit. Irae felt each cut as the winged elf’s body was carved up and served to the table of high-profile guests. Delirious from the pain and shock, Erlan wondered if she tasted as good as she smelled. Irae knew that she’d tasted far better, remembering each morsel of Avariel flesh she’d slipped into her mouth, chewing delicately at every bite to squeeze every drop of flavor she could from the meat.The banquet lasted the majority of the night. Erlan was little more than scraps by the time the meal came to an end, but still very much alive. The meat cleaver finally put an end to it all, hacking through Erlan’s neck in three hard slams. The Avariel’s head would be reanimated, like so many others, and left as a macabre trophy in Irae’s room. She remembered teasing the head mercilessly, occasionally taking it down from its post to use when her hand was not enough to satisfy her. After centuries of torture and rape and the lengthy demise, Irae was only thankful that the hell she’d been forced into did not include the experiences of the reanimated flesh she’d made over the years.Or perhaps those experiences were being saved for later.It was the end. She was the last one left. Or, at least, she thought she was. It was so hard for her to know for sure after living the entirety of her young life in solitude with her mother. The drow assassin who she swore she’d once called a partner had made her watch her mother die. A tickling in her head told her she wasn’t the truly the last. Perhaps the last of her kind, but not the last one to die. There would be others waiting for her once this man finished doing what he liked with her. The sense of feeling is if everything might soon be over, after so very long, offended her. She’d given up on finding a true end many lifetimes ago. She’d given up on begging this familiar face for mercy as well. She’d seen him so many times, always the callous aggressor, deaf to her silent pleas. The whole thing played out like a performance piece, only the actors were taking their jobs far too seriously.The sex, at least, was long and not as violent as many of the encounters she’d had previously. He took his time with her, even forced her to feel some pleasure despite her terror. She clung to those brief flashes of ecstasy, never wanting to let them go. Eventually, he revealed a truth to her about her very being. But the words sounded wrong in her head. Not that she was half drow, but that she could have ever been half elf. But perhaps she’d been wrong about that. Perhaps that had been why her skin was such a pale color. Perhaps that was why she’d been damned to suffer the way she had for so very long. A critical mistake, something she’d never known about herself, had damned her to the afterlife of the elves instead of the glory she’d no doubt earned herself in the post-death embrace of Kiaransalee.That was it. That had to be it. A trick. A loophole used by Vhaerun to claim her so that he could have one more woman to torment for an eternity. If that were the truth, and she had to believe it was, there might still be a way out for her. Kiaransalee would be looking for her, would be furious at the lack of respect given to her most cherished of servants. She only needed to find some means of communicating with her goddess. Or wait for her goddess to find her. Either way, she hoped the moment came soon. She wasn’t sure how much more she could take, but she knew she would have to take it forever.Suddenly, the noose was around her neck and she was dancing in the air. The foolish girl teased her assassin’s member with her feet, desperately hoping that playing his game might earn her some salvation. Irae wanted to tell the stupid twat to die with some dignity, but she seemed content to debase herself and she was rewarded only with the sticky feeling of jizz between her toes as she journeyed into death followed by the rude jab of the broomstick being rammed up her ass.The moment came. Her greatest moment of triumph and her greatest moment of failure. With all of her followers either dead or thoroughly corrupted, she lacked the strength to break free from the chains binding her. She wasn’t even sure she would be strong enough to survive the massive dragon prick hovering over her. But, of course, she could. Even a defeated goddess was still a goddess. And she knew she survived the brutal penetration, despite all the damage it caused her. She’d watched herself survive it, and so much more, before she was finally snuffed out.Irae’s awareness snapped into focus, remembering that she was not Corona. And that her goddess was only a few feet away. She screamed out at Kiaransalee, knowing she was nothing more than a memory in this sick performance. It didn’t stop her from begging her goddess to notice her, notice what had been done to her, offer her rescue from the undeserved fate she’d fallen into. She did not expect any answer to her calls. She’d been in this temple before, in this scene before, several times from the perspective of every other victim present and Kiaransalee had never once deviated from her scripted routine.Please! Please! Help me!This time, she did.Kiaransalee turned and looked down at her. Not at Corona, but Irae. An unamused smirk filled the non-rotten half of her goddess’s face. “Why should I waste even a single breath to help such a pitiful disappointment?”Disappointment? How? All of this, all I did in your name! And I’m only a disappointment?Kiaransalee rolled her eyes. “And such a fool, too. Your arrogance far outreached your grasp. So much so that it’s followed you even into death.” She gave a casual wave of her hand to signify the scene they were in the midst of. Chaullusin’s massive cock was stuffed into Corona now, churning her insides into slop as he transformed the goddess into a blown out fuck-skin. “You actually believe this was something you were capable of accomplishing, but it was that very arrogance which kept it from coming to pass. Your idiotic attitude kept this glory from me. And that is a crime I can never forgive.”But it did happen! I remember it! I remember it all!The goddess frowned at Irae, a flicker of something that almost looked like true pity crossing her harsh face. “Oh, you poor, pathetic wretch. Haven’t you learned by now that your memories are not to be trusted? Allow me to show you something you can trust to be real. It seems only fair since we’ve reached the finale of this timeline of events. But don’t worry, I’ve been fantasizing about how my revenge over those who wronged me could go for thousands of years… I already have the next possibly ready for you to live through, and the one after that, and the one after that, and…”Irae’s flesh tingled with excitement, her muscles still relaxed from the thorough massage Lashrae had given her. The masseuse had sent word that he’d managed to arrange a meeting between her and Nimor and she’d hurried back to his parlor for the fateful meeting. She had such grand plans to share with the assassin, not only for the future of Menzoberranzan, but for the world at large. In her mind, the outcome of things was already fixed. She’d spent so very long fantasizing about all of the possibilities, all of the revenge she would have on those who’d underestimated her and cast her aside over the years, all of the glory she would deliver to Kiaransalee. She was so thrilled to get started that the thought of betrayal so early on in her schemes was a possibility she never considered.Arriving early, Lashrae offered her another massage to pass the time before Nimor’s arrival. With the memory of his talented hands still working her body over still fresh in her mind, she agreed. She even offered to allow him to be a little forward this time around. A little pre-emptive celebration of what was to come. If Nimor arrived before they’d finished, that was fine. She felt no shame for her sexual desire and she’d always found it easier to strike bargains with people after she’d pleasured them. She’d welcome him to join in, have a little fun before they got down to the grim business they had together.The massage oils were warm across her skin, tingling in a way she didn’t recall them doing before. She thought little of it, completely ignoring the fact that Lashrae had slipped on a pair of gloves before commencing the massage. When her cunt was wet and primed for penetration, Irae made an attempt to roll over and spread her legs for the masseuse only to find that her body was unresponsive to the effort. The harder she strained, the less control she realized she had. From the back of her neck down to the tips of her toes, it felt as though someone had poured heavy lead into her muscles. Anger and worry filled Irae. She demanded answers from the masseuse. He replied with only a dark chuckle. She lifted her head to see Nimor stepping out from the shadows, looking across the room at her with amused satisfaction.The two men worked together, their gloved hands gripping Irae’s flesh tightly as they completed the task she’d been so willing and yet unable to perform only a few moments ago. Rolling her onto her back, the pair circled around her, looking over her helpless form with sadistic lust. Irae shrieked at them, telling them what a mistake they were making, how they were ruining all of her great plans. The men did not care. They let her watch as they leisurely stripped, baring their obsidian flesh and stiff members to her. Irae’s cunt was still damp, but the desire to fuck had left her. She called on her goddess for aid as they moved in on her, getting only silence in return. It was a desperate plea and one she’d not expected to work. Kiaransalee spared no time for those she deemed unworthy. And to stumble so blindly into such an obvious trap made her most unworthy. After striving for so long to disprove the common belief surrounding her, she’d unwittingly lived up to the low expectations.With no other means of expressing her emotional torment, she fell into half-sobs, half-screams of rage as Lashrae pushed her milky thighs apart and climbed on top of her. Her muscles were paralyzed but not dead to feeling. She endured the mocking tease of his cockhead as he dragged it across the folds of her cunt. Nimor stepped before her, gripping her by the hair and yanking her head back. Hooking his thumbs into her mouth, he forced her jaw open and held it open to keep her from using the only means of attack she had left as he pushed his way into her mouth, gagging her screams. Drool sloshed from her mouth and ran down her face as he plugged her throat, driving forward with firm strokes that left his heavy balls smacking against the bridge of her nose. Her gurgling intensified as Lashrae finally shoved his way into her pussy. The twin slabs of meat piercing her at either end as her body lay listlessly between the men became the rhythmic fleshy drumbeat of the song of her failure.Nimor and Lashrae used Irae as if she were nothing. It went against everything she believed about herself. Her self-importance, the grand things she’d planned, all of it meant nothing to them. They saw her as nothing more than a set of tight, warm holes to give them pleasure. Irae wished she had some argument to the contrary, but those arguments – and they were good, strong arguments – were trapped in a future she would never be allowed to witness. This Irae – the true Irae – was a failure filled with wicked yet impotent thoughts of revenge and genocide. She choked on Nimor’s cum as it fired down her gullet, a fair amount of the creamy seed pouring from her stretched lips to drain over her flushed face.Stepping back, Nimor gave Irae a long, considering look before starting to redress. “I thank you for the invitation,” he told Lashrae, still pumping away into Irae’s cunt. “But I think I’ve had all I desire from this one. My time is better spent on things of greater value.”Lashrae gripped the flesh of Irae’s right tit, pinching down on her nipple as hard as he could in lieu of leaning forward to bite at it. The last thing he wanted was to accidentally paralyze his own mouth. “What should I do with her when I’m finished?”Nimor shrugged, already turning away from the scene, bored by the pathetic sight of Irae. “Cast it into the nearest refuse heap. No one will care. She’s just a Szarkai. Even in this cursed city ruled by women, she’s nothing of any significance. She never was.” He looked back at his conspirator and his inert victim, giving Irae a cruel wink. “And she never will be.”And then he was gone, slipped back into the shadows and out of the room. To say the meeting had not gone as Irae had planned was a supreme understatement. She cursed Nimor and his nearsighted vision, wishing him the worst of fates for not even giving her the opportunity to show him what she was capable of. Her plans were good plans. They would have succeeded. On that point, Irae was still certain. Left paralyzed and in the clutches of the despicable masseuse, she could only hope that whatever drug was in the massage oils wore off before he grew tired of her body. She would dispatch the man and then hunt down Nimor, killing him slowly for his disrespectful attitude. Then she would find someone else to work with, someone capable of genuine thought and strategy, not some idiot of an assassin.Withdrawing from Irae’s cum-stuffed pussy, Lashrae hooked his hands under the albino drow’s knees and lifted her legs up, bending them back across her shoulders. He angled his still erect prick against her asshole, scooping some of his jizz from her cunt to lubricate the orifice before working his way into her. Irae’s arms slipped off the sides of the massage table, swaying gently back and forth in time with the masseuse’s hard pumps. Her head remained rolled back, the paralytic effects of the oils having worked their way down into her neck. Even the winces of discomfort that rolled across her face felt sluggish. She wanted to resume her screams, her threats, but found that she couldn’t. She wanted to believe that her sudden mute state was also a result of the oils, but she knew that was not the case. Her ego was too wounded to defy the reality of her situation.Crying out, Lashrae came into Irae’s bowels. Thoroughly spent, he tugged the paralyzed drow fully onto the table, dragging her head back into place. He climbed off the table and let her lie there, utterly ignored, as he tidied up his workspace. Although her limp flesh had satisfied him far faster than she would have liked, Irae was thankful for his neglect, using the time to continue testing her muscles, urging them back to a workable state. Despite her strained efforts, she could only lie there, disregarded like the useless slab of trash she’d become. Lashrae finally returned to her after an hour, slipping a cheap towel underneath her head and neck and slipping an empty bucket beneath the table. When she saw the dagger in his hand, Irae cast aside her illusions of self-importance.“Please,” she gasped. “You don’t understand. I can give you a future you never dreamed possible.”Her words meant nothing to the masseuse. He jabbed the tip of the dagger into Irae’s neck, piercing her carotid artery. Blood sprayed from the small wound, gushing over her throat and splattering across her panicked face. It soaked through the towel beneath her, leaving it a dark crimson before thick strands of her blood leaked into the bucket beneath her. Lashrae watched as she gasped and whined and sobbed, pale flesh growing even paler as she bled out at a rapid pace. As darkness crept into Irae’s vision, she saw Kiaransalee waiting for her in the void.The goddess did not look pleased.In a flash of sudden self-awareness, Irae realized that while she’d now witnessed her true end, this was not the first time she’d experienced it. She remembered the goddess promising her an endless assortment of fates to carry her on into the future, but now she remembered that this was not the first time she’d gone through a timeline. She’d been here before. How many times, she couldn’t know… in her minds eye, as far back as her sanity would let her go, a yawning infinity stretched behind her, every bit as vast as what lay ahead of her. Dozens upon dozens of potentials timelines, ways that Kiaransalee’s vengeance of the Drow and the Surface Elves could have gone, timelines she had already made Irae suffer through from the perspective of each and every single victim. It stretched back as far as she could think. It stretched forward as far as she could think. And in that single moment of insane lucidity, of perfect, horrible clarity, Irae at last understood the meaning of the word “eternity.”As she pleaded with Kiaransalee for a second chance, an opportunity to do things right, Irae knew that – after a time – she would lose herself and her memories all over again, beaten down by a cascade of suffering and death until she eventually found her way back to her true fate once more. Already, though, her lucidity was fading again… lost in the madness of the agony as a new timeline of suffering began for her. Already she felt new memories flooding into her, memories of a victorious conquest that had never been, memories of life and identity and arrogance and triumph to contrast with the suffering she was going to be made to feel. And again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again.The only way to escape her fate was to show mercy to the elves in her false "life" before suffering... but she lost her memories of the truth each time. Irae knew herself well enough that she would never do that.The only possibility she had for escape would come from Kiaransalee’s forgiveness.And having been such a devoted acolyte of the goddess during her years of life, Irae knew she would never earn that forgiveness.Ever.THE END

That was the last lock I’ll ever pick, I think.  At least, with the hopes that I’ll gain from it.It happened four days ago, now, only two of which she has spent sitting in the rotting dirt on the floor of this awful cell.“Nylth is our acolyte, and has earned her place in our intellectual stables, solely by the necessity of circumstance.  She is capable, even adroit, at our needs for her, but furtherance of her duties without checking any disastrous impulses could accelerate the decline of our status: that without denomination we are without repute, and without keeping cleanly to our traditions we misplace our capacity to serve a distressed populace.”The Tiefling’s bruise-blue brow furrows as she leafs through the many papers kept by Interpreter Kenrist.  Nylth Keth, stocky under straw-colored priest’s robes, sets her lockpicks atop the study desk in the alcove of the darkened bedroom.  She has practiced every footfall of this caper-- from her bunk in the Penitent’s dormitory, across the Sanctuary balcony of the venerable old stonework church, up into the administrative hall and through to the Interpreter’s quarters-- but now her mind has scarpered and her thoughts have gone blank.A shuffle of movement in the corridor; she rolls together the letters again, rebinding them with the looping twine and breathing on the wax seal to mould it back into innocuousness.  No time to read the reply now, she ponders.  I’ve pressed fate enough just breaking in once, and I shouldn’t risk it again.  She steps into the hallway.  I knew that no news for so many days meant bad things.  But this…A dwarf, flaxen-haired and scale-clad, rounds the corner just as she secures the door.  Nylth bows her head, shuffling past, but he stops and turns.“Sister Keth.  Or, erm, herrm… as you citydoers hierarchicalize it, is it...”“Kin Tørslund, you needn’t worry.”  She carefully mouths the monophthong, smiling lips pursed around assurances.  “We term those in my position ‘Healers’, if we have no vocation in the four Wings.  I’ve just come from your room; I mustn’t offend, but I’ve tidied your tossed papers and straightened the linens.”  I’m not even lying, she thinks.  I finished in his quarters early to excuse my presence on this side of the building.The sage twists his wrist in a quick, conciliatory gesture.  From his throat escapes a raspy, pitched chuckle.  “You’re kind.  I studied Hieromancy and the Divine Lithography to get away from all these… hemm, pulpy things, then it’s nothing but correspondence and revisions that I handle daily regardless.  May Thautam bless your misplaced treasures.”“No big.  And may Mystra find your misplaced glasses.”The dwarf pauses, eyes quizzical.  But Nylth has already tossed her hood up, around her forehead and horns, with a deft roll of the neck.  She listens to him pad away, past the door she’d left from, and into his own room, reserved for visitors of the Wing-heads.She walks the staircase up to the balcony ledge unhurried.  Every pace of this place-- the Temple of Three Pillars, just across the plaza from the Emeryville market, her home of fifteen years-- reeks of incense burned and prayers muttered to its three primate gods, as much at this time as any other.  Nylth lowers her head, poking it over the banister to gaze down into the sanctuary proper, to view the services ongoing.  This evening, she judged from the coarse, itchy-looking robes Confessor Adelin had garbed in, plus the near-total silence of the front half of the church, was a service to Ilmater, the Suffering Martyr.  The priest flicks the censer over his shoulder, in time with the woody peal of a small bell.Adelin’s predecessor had brought the orphaned Tiefling here, at the age of about four.  San Parthenic met her in the street, where she had been begging for coin for whatever orphanmaster would let her in for an evening’s rest, like the rest of the street-children.  He had knelt down, proffered his hand with a smile, and walked her to her new life in the church, the first of many inscrutable, trustworthy gifts.She palms the holy symbol in her pocket, a stabbing of seven star-spokes extending around and through a blue-painted wooden circle.  She withdraws over the cool stone of the balcony’s edge, careful to not let her face show to the congregation.  The window overhead-- balanced scales and a long road juxtaposed over a round sunrise-- shines with the last evening rays, bathing the whole space in warm orange light.  Like me, like this place.  Lots of beliefs, many influences, symbols, but nothing coherent; I can’t work with this.  Goddess of the Weave, show me your weft.I need an evening to think.--But scratched into the slate at the foot of her bunk was a curt message.  ‘Confessor Jannah’s office seeks Healer Keth, before the eleventh hour.’  So she wheeled around, and padded back out past the crowd of acolytes getting ready for their evening prayers and rest.Even without her Tyrian vestments, Jannah must still tower over me, Nylth mused to herself as she cracked the door to the first office in the Confessor’s section of the Administration hall.  There was seated a woman, with gray, military-short haircut framing a laughlined face atop a long, angular neck, at a low desk.  Her vestments pronounced her Wing-head of Pragmatics, among the leaders of the church, with the red hammer of Tyr emblazoned in the center of her torso.  But when she saw the junior priest open the door she smiles warmly.“Jannah, evening, hello,” Nylth bowed half a bow, but paused, abruptly unsure of why she had been summoned.“Good evening, Acolyte Keth,” Jannah said, as slow and precise movements raised her body from her reading materials and brought her to rest leaning against the front edge of her table.  She beckoned a hand toward the two high-backed chairs adjacent to the door, facing her.Even so, she’s got four inches on me.  How’d I never notice that?  Gosh.  Nylth seated herself, legs drawn in against the wooden front of the chair, and drew her hood back from around her hair and ears.“I must insist, however, that as you’re here to discuss operational matters, that you refer to me by the proper title, as your Confessor.”  She issued a solemn nod.“Yeah.  Yes, hello, Confessor Jannah, I am in your service this evening.  What can I do for you?”  The girl rolled a shoulder under the bulky frock, trying not to fidget.  This better not be about… no, nobody saw me.“I just wanted to let you know that we, ah, the Wing-head council has...”  Nylth listened with care, expecting a prewritten treatise, but Confessor Jannah paused to collect her thoughts.  Her head cocked slightly, she bit the inside of a cheek, and she started again.  “I’ve been the Wing-head in charge of personnel here for fiveodd years.  And you were there, you recall when it happened, and you saw what everyone else saw; but do you know why I became your Confessor, how I took up the mantle of leadership here?”Nylth’s slight eyebrows bowed.  “You were appointed as the only logical successor when the previous Confessor retired and the Temple needed a new one.”“That is the mechanism, yes.”  Jannah’s long, thin fingers reached up toward her face, thumb and forefinger pinched together.  “But in terms of the reason why, the way I became the person who could do this job.”Nylth shook her head mutely, bright eyes and thin mouth without expression.“I sacrificed, and Tyr provided.  I worked selflessly for decades, saw in myself nothing I couldn’t give to my community, and built up those parts of myself I needed to to do so faster, more completely.  And Tyr rewarded me.  Tell me, if you hadn’t been called here, what would you be doing, right now?”Nylth cast her thoughts back to the book Elren, the church’s Ministrator and head potionmaster, had lent her, the first of three volumes on alchemy and herbalism.“You’d be reading,” Jannah answered in slow, confident cadence.  “Knowledge not for the sake of self-improvement, but to tinker with, correct?”  Nylth nodded an affirmative.  “Mmhm.  Time for yourself, yes.  But there is no time for you, child.  There is time for Tyr.  Think on that.”  The tall woman stood, turned away, raised a hand to her chin.  But after a step she came around again, eyes probing the Tiefling for recognition.Nylth mirrored her movements, raising herself on two legs and crossing her hands behind her back.  “Is this about my training, with Watchful Dobrun?  If my time isn’t my own I half expect you to demand that we cease my martial education, or that you wish to tell me that you will...” she grimaced, and resettled her weight on the heel of one foot.  “That you might instruct him to cease working with me.  But my duties for the week are done, and I haven’t shirked; so I hope that’s not the case.””I could stop him, if I wanted to.”  The gray-haired paladin nodded with resignation on her brow.  “My word defines the actions of everyone in this temple.  But you need the outlet, and he has a good relationship with you-- just, please…”  Nylth saw Jannah biting her top lip, a telltale sign she had spoken too frankly.  “Just, please, accept what you are given.  Tyr provides.”The Tiefling’s ruby eyes narrowed to thin slits.  “This is about the petition Confessor Adelin put forward, my proposal to refit the archives with modern library methods.  I’ve seen--”“Yes, it is.  Your ‘proposal’, so called, was to accept the premature resignation of our illustrious Interpreter solely so that you could take up the position.”  The Confessor’s sharp nostril-lines flared and glowed in the dim light.  “I could not accept.”The blue cleric’s eyes fell to the floor as she nodded once, and again.  Her shoulders slumped.  “So that I could finish the work he refuses to!”  She found herself touching her tail, willing it not to judder and lash behind her.  Fingertips of one hand ran amongst her crown of overgrown hair, black like Ministrator Teregast’s pet ravens, and combed the chin-length strands back abutting her short spiraling horns.  “The whole system is in disarray.  You’ve been down to the subbasement, too, you know it’s a mess.  He barely even reshelves individual volumes, and hasn’t upkept some of the more delicate tomes in months.  It needs someone to just care for it, to take each piece of the whole and put it back in its place.  He always looks like he resents having to do his job so much, that I hoped I could finally…” She took a sharp breath.  “That I could do the thing I’m meant to do.  But if you won’t--as you say--put me where the Divines tell me I should be, why do you permit me to stay?  Here, in the Temple?”A look of bewilderment took over the careful visage of the Confessor, a downpour of concern wracking her forehead.  “You must understand.  You’re fine enough at what you do.  Your presence is a gift to us all, but you don’t need to take on more, and you’re simply not suited to the thoughtful rigors of library work.  I’ve discussed this with the relevant members of our hierarchy and it’s agreed that you are not yet suited to it.  That’s my decision.  You may go, Acolyte Keth.  With Tyr.”“And you with Mystra.”  Nylth gazed once more at Jannah’s downcast face, flipped the hood up on her cowl, and turned to the open door.  A safe distance down the hallway, she whispered to herself in the Infernal language.  If I’m not yet suited for it, who in the hells else might be?--The next day was a pleasant one, warm and overcast, and on the wide, gilded steps from the market up into the city proper Nylth sat alongside a stubby-legged, rugged-faced boy, with his cloak untied around his waist and his bulging pack plopped haphazardly by the wayside.  He drew from under his cloak a linen-wrapped block of hardtack, with handfuls of bright red and yellow berries pressed in all sides of the bundle, and cracked it down the middle, pouring half into his tunic’s lap.  The other half he rewrapped only enough to not dump to the pavement before his long reach shuffled it over to the exasperated healer, who accepted it and tucked it to a more subtle place out of view.  “Just beat him up,” the roundcheeked youngster said.  “They can’t kick you out, right?  And it’s not like they’ll make more work for you, because that’s more work for them.  Just, y’know, hit him hard enough that there’s no way they’ll let him keep his job.”Exasperated, lava-toned eyes followed a leisurely cloud between tall nearby buildings.  As always, in public, a Tiefling must watch her surroundings, keep her horns, tail, and skin covered, and not make commotion.  And today was no exception for Nylth, legs extended in repose on the cool stone steps.  She responded, unfolding the linen bundle.  “Bruk, you’ve known me ungodly-long.  I’m not going to beat up the fuckin’ priest.”His hands alternated short punches at the air.  “Nobody has to know it’s you.  Sounds like there’s just too much bullshitting around, and old farts chattering and whinging on about duty to the gods.  What’s the worst that would happen to you, huh?”“The goblins have a saying.  Rougly translated, it means, ‘What would a larval Ankheg need to do to get thrust from its hive?’”  She drew her waterskin from one hip, and craned her neck to it.“What?  You weren’t listening.”“No.”  Nylth slagged down a thick mouthful of bready paste and masticated fruit.  Two fingers met at her forehead, rolling the too-short blunt black fringe just beneath her curt, twirling forehorns.  She had chopped the bangs into her hair last night, as her consternation over the uninterpretable letter  spilled over into her midevening reading.  “But her argument was right; I can’t prove they’re holding me back unjustly, so without provocation she’ll side with Kenrist, and I don’t blame her.  But I sure as hell can blame him for seeing me differently, and I have to do SOMEthing to indicate my worth to them.  Since Confessor Parthenic passed some couple years ago, the only ones I know are on my side are a handful of frocks in the lower Affiliations who know me well.”The council would never turn her out, she agreed; but they could absolutely thrust her back into the most unpleasant roles of the Sanctum and domiciles.  She hoped never to have to scrub chamberpots again before her own offspring demanded it.An elven boothworker shuffled by, redfaced, holding court to nobody at all on what would happen to the ruffian who stole his bread.  Bruk’s head didn’t raise as the man passed through, a baker oblivious to the two chattering picnickers just in his periphery.“So how does it go down, then?” he asked.  “You talked to her, she says you’re not good enough because old whatsit gave his shitty old opinion, and just like that you’re screwed out of the job?”  He swallowed a sour berry, barely chewed.  “You’ve been breathing library mold since before I met you, and you clearly want to be able to implement this thing of yours, this new way of doing things, but he’s holding you back.”  His jaw shuffled, mulling alternatives to violence.  He sat up and turned to face her.  “So you can show them that he’s wrong, and that you have what it takes.”“I dunno.”  Nylth watched the gutter, drawn by the sound of a scrabbling rat.  Three-legged, it wrenched itself out of the nearby sewer into the tallowy dust of the ashery adjacent. Its ropelike, grubby tail rolled and coiled amongst the uneven rhythm of skittering claws.  “I can’t give it up.”She and Bruk met, she recalls, after a particularly bad brawl left him and two friends sprawled and gutsliced on the wooden floor of a tavern.  Since she had been the one buying him drinks, it was nice enough of her to remove the slivered glass and quarrelshafts from his stomach and hips, she reasoned.  Even after the rest of the crowd had fled either the commotion or the sight of her, he didn’t bitch that his healer was a Tiefling.“How’s working for that gemsetter?”At the mention of his employment, Bruk lay his head flat against the stairs, eyelids fluttering closed.  “Terrible.  I’d rather liberate my eyes from their sockets then have to hear another winging retort about cat-eye cuts or refraction or octagonal setting fittings.”  He drew a hand out of his cloak.  In it, a small gemstone glittered and danced with midday light.  “At least it’s the sort of work where I can lift the fruits of it, just to show them off.”Nylth rolled her head, and smirked at him.  “You stole that?  From your own workshop?”“Well, yeah!  It’s the first thing I produced that doesn’t completely suck.”  He held it up to the sunlight peeping through clouds, as Nylth watched it glimmer and shine with innumerable tiny patterns.  “’Smooth-cut opal cabochon’, it’s called.  Y’know, they could just say ‘circle’, but no.”“Words gotta mean shit.”  Nylth shrugged, and leaned back, having finished her meagre lunch, and brushed the crumbs and dust from her habit.“I’ll return it, work on it more, and if master Frie sees me take it from my cowl I’ll claim I didn’t know it was an issue. Besotten old dwarf.”  He extended his thumb and pinky finger, and mimed a deep swig of ale.  “Hey, at least you could just bail if you need to.  No, you’d never take off from that undersized owlery, even though you know they don’t deserve you.”  Bruk’s tongue waggled out of his mouth, and Nylth laughed, legs kicking up.Carefully she stood, cocked her head to one side.  “Na’ah.  Sarcasm aside, I’ve no place else to go, save the library.  Three Pillars is my home, and I stand by them, even if they take his word over mine.”“My idea stands,” said the thief, who heaved himself up, and rolled his shoulders back with akimbo arms saluting the sun.  “You only wear those big cloaks, surely you could make your way to his side of the building without knowing, and, enh--” he turned the two fingers into a knife, thrusting pointedly in the direction of her kidneys.She brushed his hand away, and smirked.  “I can conceal my face, but not the horns.  No, I’d rather not give him something more concrete to hold against me; if he thinks the scornspawn was prepared to stab him through in recompense for a snub, it’d prove everyone right.”“Suit yerself.  Time for me to get back.”  Hooking a hand over the stone edge of the stairs, Bruk rolled off, heading back to drudgery.“Thanks for lunch.”  Nylth stretched, sighed, and gazed around.  The baker-elf charged back through, having been unable to find the two of them, still scowling and muttering.  “Hey, give alms to the poor,” Nylth hollered at him as he careened by.  “Who steals bread if not to eat it?”“Fuck you, devilkin,” he murmured in Elvish.“Up yours, ya pointy ears fuckboy,” she spat back, mirroring his tongue.  She turned away from his astonishment and ascended the steps back toward the Three Pillars.--That night, Nylth stalked back into the sanctuary proper after, at the behest of some visiting scholar or diplomat, delivering a missive crosstown.  Far from empty, the room held some thirty congregants, finishing up evening prayers.  She slipped along the periphery, mind on her own tasks.  Adelin needs the week’s batch of holy water, that dwarf needed a letter copied, and perhaps I’ll get a free moment to negotiate tasks with Acolyte Nirn to open up tomorrow evening for arms practice.  But a hand caught her shoulder, breaking her attention and turning her to face its owner: Kenrist, pockmarked face and full beard visible under his widebrimmed traveler’s hat.  His grimace betrayed concern, and for a moment she wondered if she was being mocked.  “I’m so sorry,” he began, “to hear of the failure of your proposal.  As anyone would, I wish for the best for our archives, and...”Nylth failed to attend to the rest of his ramblings, for her own inchoate rage bloomed across her face and down to the tip of her tail.  She barely managed to wait for him to finish the meandering thought at hand before she spoke, none too quietly.  “This is your fault.”  She unclenched a fist, shook her head, and dragged her rucksack up her shoulders to stand tall, just barely meeting his height.  “You did this, with your foolish, outdated nonsense, your need to feel important, your demand to do things the old way instead of the thricedamned right way.”  She glared at him, and he stepped back, blinking.  He pulled his hat from his head, rumpling it.“But-- such arrogance, to believe that you know better!  This is the way our archives have been arranged, for so many--”  His tremulous voice didn’t match the volume of her own, but just the same Nylth felt the searing attention of two dozen pairs of eyes against her scalp, up her horns, down her blue neck.“No.  No excuses!  You have no reason to fight me here, no possible argument to outweigh the need to just do it better.  I know how!”  She pulled back her cloakhood, willing all onlookers to gawk.  “My life has been building to this, and despite everything you have no right to deny me.”“I have all the reason I should need.”  The Interpreter’s arms dropping to his sides, he seemed to shrink and crumple into himself.  “You have a brilliant mind for languages, but you lack the inborn spark.  It would be, well, uncouth.  It’s not done!”“Spark?”  She took a step around him, to his left, just gazing at him for a while, willing for an explanation.  “Uncouth?”  His eyes followed her as she moved, watching her own.  “Not done?”“Organization, I mean.  The, the mind for...”“There is a system!  We have a system!  And now, I never get a chance to do it better, because--” she brings up a hand abruptly, almost despite herself.  A finger extended, accused the petty being in front of her.  She heard the words come out before she could will herself not to think them.  “Because you had to write out those words, ‘without denomination we are without repute, and without traditions we cannot serve’.  I read your letter,” she hissed, face scrunched, “I know what you’ve done.”An infant wailed.  All color drained from the world in front of her, starting with the shriveled old man and down to every last torch and windowpane behind him.  Nylth willed it, for a moment, to swallow her whole, for a yawning fissure to end her.  Then the venerable priest took a step to circle her in the other direction.  “You could have been better than this,” he said, moments later.  His face finally drew in its own anger, chin raising and lips pursed.  “You could have risen above this, despite yourself, and let this nonsense matter of prestige and pomposity go.  But that was never going to happen, was it, Tiefling?”Nylth felt the length of his staff impact her gut before she saw it, and the air rushed from her lungs instantly.  She barely maintained her footing enough to catch the end of the weapon, staggering upright again, and her fist connected with his antiquated jaw.  In that moment, her eyes shone their full, wrathful red, and the fires lighting the room flickered and shook.  She took another swing, finding the archivist’s shoulder, now bent on delivering as much pain as she could before the two men sweeping up from her periphery could stop her.  But one of them hooked chainmailed arms underneath her armpits.  They dragged her away from her adversary.  The other disarmed the old scholar with his staff under their boot.  Ministrator Elren and Watchful Dobrun had set upon them, and pulled them apart, and everyone else in the room receded from the ruckus to their duties and lives.  But Kenrist spoke again; blood trailed from just behind his lower teeth.  “Rise above your people, little girl, and you may yet live among society, with us traditionalists you so fear.  Abjure the shadows.”A voice rose above his. “We saw everything; Oefun, kindly release her.” Feeling Dobrun drop her to the ground again, Nylth bowed her head, recognizing the approach of Confessor Jannah as heralding the end of her career as a seeker of truths. But Jannah’s hawkish glare was reserved for the battered man in the red-lined robes opposite her. “I see now that your motives were more pathetic than I’d ever hoped, and that your fear of some new truth debilitated you from the basic tenets of your Orders.” She shook her head.  “I tried to take your side in all this, to save our organization a heap of trouble and disorder.  But you’ve forced my hand.”  She raised her hand, beckoning to the man beside her. “My Confessor, I revoke my refusal of your proposed venture on behalf of Acolyte Keth. Adelin? Would you please.”Beside her, Confessor Samek Adelin’s dark arms crossed. He stepped forward, and with a nod, gave curt instructions. “Terran Kenrist, you’re banished from these dormitories and have surrendered your position as Interpreter of this Temple. Your rights, privileges, pay, and rooms are forfeit likewise. I just can’t believe you’d level such derision-- not to mention your weapon!-- against a lifelong devotee of our church, much less one who has spent her life idolizing your position and seeking to improve our archives.”Kenrist, still restrained by Teregast’s thin frame and juddered with falling adrenaline, let his mouth hang agape. But whatever he said next went unheard by the young Tiefling, who had already tossed her cloak up as she stumbled out onto the front steps of the church, sobbing.The scene had already been reported to the city guard by passersby as some sort of row. When a blue-skinned woman with blood coating her fists exits the scene of a fight, responding guards frequently fail to ask questions before hauling her off to the barracks to restore peace. When Teregast and Adelin sought her in the streets, they found only the bustle of evening market traffic heading back towards the poor quarter of the city behind them.--Dobrun visited her in the stinking, mudfloored jail the next day, and dropped off her personal effects, plus a few snacks to take the edge off of the prison gruel and muddy water. He gave her the news of her promotion, but while he could laugh about her beating the tar out of some backwards old fool, she merely winced at his retelling, arms and tail wrapped around folded knees and chin sat atop them. He promised more training to come, focusing on fisticuffs, in case more old priests attempted to batter her.Bruk showed up likewise, and asked if she wanted to borrow his lockpicks to leave. She refused, even while she told him that his plan had inadvertently worked, because she knew that she deserved exactly what she had received.

Lamellar,When I was a younger woman, I imagined that the worst dreams must be all nightmares.  They’re clear-cut; you’re being chased by quasits, or you forgot to copy the forty lines of devotionals for a tutorial that starts in ten minutes, or you’re toppling uncontrollably, gyring through the sky, down, down, with no hope of ever flapping your wings again.  But…But I had the dream again, last night.  I dreamt that in a righteous fury, I defended myself against the hurtful accusations Kenrist made with poise and tact, and when he swung a fist at me, I still landed two good blows before the senior members of the church descended from the rafters, plucked us apart, and fixed everything.  Just like in the old morality plays I snuck off to watch in town, as a kid.But it didn’t happen like that, not at all.  I told him that I had read his letter recommending against my advancement, and in that moment he was just a small, scared fool, and I towered over him, and I…Ilmater, I hope he was alright.  He didn't deserve any of that.That was three months ago.Lamellar, do you remember a time in your life when nothing fell outside of a structure, and everything just made sense?  Maybe you've never felt that, and always knew that you lived within a context you could never grasp, much less control.  I can't help but wonder whether it ever mattered, and you always blazed through the sky with surety despite the contradictions and messiness.  I only remember you acting like it was all so straightforward, like you had solved everything.Even when the whole hull groaned with lodged harpoons and stank with the scorch of dragonfire, I was so sure that you never knew a moment of doubt.  I have this memory of you, dressed in only a wry smile, rapier in hand, swinging from the rigging onto prey below.  I’m sure that this is a misrecollection, as you usually wore clothes on deck (at least when the others were around,) but that image-- your teeth and sword gleaming in the sun as you descended-- lodged itself into my mind.  You never hesitated, or worried how anyone saw you.  The woman I remember always knew exactly what to say to remind me that the world was mouldable in my grasp, and every word told me that even at my most profoundly shaken I’d be safely at your side.  I truly believed that you could show me how strong I was, if only we had the time.  And you always reminded me how, even outside of my dreams, I could find the words to coax the world into making sense again.It's funny, because every time I have that same dream, it always feels like arguing with myself felt, after all the tutors and Confessors had gone to bed.  I know all the words to say, and have the perfect reply for every barb.  For as long as I'm asleep, everything I did just makes sense.When I was a younger woman, I would have said that the worst dreams were all nightmares.But I know now that the hardest dreams to wake up from are the ones where everything is perfect.Teregast is a skilled healer.  He’s the best, right?  The best Three Pillars had.I hope Kenrist is alright.The first time I had it, I was sleeping rough outside for the first time in years.  My wings barely would've spanned the space, the sad little wastegutter between hovels in the shadow of the market district.  After I got out of the town cells, old Dobrun brought me a sack of my things.  He didn't say a word, but I saw the apologetic, weary lines drawn just under his husky-blue eyes.  He couldn't even look at me.  I knew what it meant, and I never went back to Three Pillars.  I found a back alley and nested in for the night.It rained all evening.  I had to duck under the pitiful thatched awnings above the alleyway just to keep myself mostly dry, and somehow I kept up the vain hopes that my satchel and everything I owned might survive to dawn.  I suppose it was futile to think I'd be able to lug it with me for long, though.  That next morning, as I emptied the second disappointing winebottle of its dregs, I let the wideyed orphan children who woke me have at the whole of my belongings, and kept only what I could carry on my back and beltloops.I never grew past that, did I.  I fashioned myself as having moved on, as having grown up, but I was always just a street urchin.  The only person I ever got good at lying to was myself.  Never you, though.  Nor Brük, who found me that morning, dusted me off, slapped some sense into me again.  We rebuilt a ship that crashed near town, with a few other fellows eager to escape what little Emeryville had to offer them.I tried to write you a letter, on one of the first nights we took to the skies, about being kicked out of the temple, about my new friends, about the person I'd become, about my dream.  I know now that I was trying to distill the blown, muddled thoughts that newfound freedom offered me, but without knowing a destination I could send it to, I realized its pointlessness.  It sits in the bottom of my desk, staring at me like a toad.Do you recall when I killed my first person, Lam?  It was a pirate, among a shipload that boarded us during a local jaunt, after you finally succumbed to my badgering and let me sneak away from home and come along.  I still don't know why you did, in retrospect, knowing how you saw me: I was a doe-eyed lunkhead of fifteen years who hadn't even learned to hold a pistol yet.  I was still finding my boatlegs, having just dropped that itchy sackcloth habit for the first time to stretch out my wings, when they fell out of the blackening charcoal sky like demons.  I figured they must have come for me, but as you bounded over the gunwale to sever grapnel lines and deliver shot into the chest of some foolish mage, you bellowed to watch the cargo holds so they couldn't steal the crate of spices you carried for an alibi.I dove to, with the members of your crew, and by the end of the skirmish I'd driven iron through a breastbone or two, and delivered a man down to the misty island below with a bellow and kick.I remember crying that night, in your quarters.  You gave me brandy.  You ran your fingers through my hair while I, curled in a ball on your bed, stared at the stars visible from the aftcastle.I've taken a crew of my own, now.  One of them is so shaken from having taken his first life that I suspect he might vomit, either from the stress or from his overindulgence in malt beer.  He reminds me of myself, those five years ago, just learning what it means for there to even be a wider world in which I had to make my mark, and of how little it meant to just want to hole up in my corner of it.  I think he only knows a version of me certain enough in her convictions that she can always make the right call.The last time we spoke, you laughed me off for being a child, because I was being childish.  When you wouldn't say where your next covert task would take you, I begged you to let me come with, and rightly enough you told me that a seventeen year old cloistered fool, whose knees knocked louder than her scale mail in a fight, wouldn't survive the dangerous and uncertain lands you would travel through.  I wondered if you died for months afterwards, and even as my life settled back into the little routines, these four years have passed slowly.Sehanine has told me how to find you, though.  She spoke through a prophetess, who sought me out to warn me of things to come, and to grant me sight of you once again.All this time has passed, but in that pool, you still looked exactly the same, not a day older, no less driven by the same fervor that pulled you away from my little town.  You still look good.And now I sit, alone in the captain's quarters of my own vessel, with the last eighth of a bottle of Ilalaerian wine.  I let it write this letter to you, because the little things that still connect us dug into my collarbone like barbed hooks and dragged me to my knees until I relented.  I should leave well enough alone-- I should've turned down the opportunity to see your face in that shining pool, I should've let you stay away for as long as you needed to, I shouldn't even scrawl this inebriated, turgid missive in the first place-- but by now you must've figured out that these things always happen for good reasons.Or maybe I should finally accept that I haven't grown up nearly enough for you, and that if my heart still attempts an escape from my sternum every time I hear your name I can't be the woman you need me to be.-Nylth Keth Postscript: Now this note shall rest with its kith at the bottom of the drawer.  Perhaps I'll give them both to you, in the future, if we meet again and if you ever forgive the silly child I used to be.[An image of Nylth and Lamellar, together.]

I remember when you first kissed me, at the festival ofThis sends the wrong message...

I remember the week you visited me, over the Assumption of Irlain's Unbecoming, and we took in the first snowfall as it settled on the forest pines just outside of town.  I asked you to sneak into the Pillars with me and you said you'd stick out like a bruised plum, so I snuck out past curfew and ran down to the dockyard in my bodystocking to find your ship.  Jannah berated me for so long the next morning that I fell behind on my weekly tasks and had to forgo seeing you any other night that week, but it still all felt worth it.

Besides, I know we held off, but I pumped the forgebellows so hard that week that my fingersNYLTH KETH, PRIESTESS OF GOND!

When we fought at the end of the week, and you told me that I was acting such an infant that I'd only find my death on your ship in lieu of some grand adventure, I scoffed at you, you argued with me, I gave you a piece of my mind, you insulted my faith, I cried on you...  When all was said and done, and we parted ways, I wondered if you'd ever think about me again.  I was mad because I was young, and because you were right; I didn't know a word of the language you barked your commands in, I'd only ever known what little gunplay you taught me, and I would only get in your way.

But things have changed.  I'm no longer at the Three PillarsReally?  You have to at least tell her...

But things have changed.  I've taken to the skies, spread my wings, and I've come aboard as captain with a brand-new crew, on a ship owned by my first mate!  Bruk and I have struck out for adventure.Who are you trying to impress...?

You'd like Deek.  He's the helmsman, and he makes a mean plate ofDon't interrupt this prattle with talk of spaghetti.

I know you never waited for me, Lam.  I'm not holding out for you, either.  I just hope we can [something is scribbled out so thoroughly as to be completely illegible.]By His light, don't go there...

I just hope we can find each other again, when the time is right.

> ask nylth about that time bruk got caught stealin'

She sighs an immense sigh, deep like lightless ocean water.  "Aah, yeah.  That was... maybe two months after we met.  He wasn't working at the gemsetters yet, so in his infinite fuckin' genius he decided to rob the place as one of the highest-value targets in all Emeryville."She sits down, crosslegged, taking a rare opportunity to unsheave her feet from the leather boots so constantly at them.  This is a barefoot story, the sort best accompanied by lemongrass green tea and a nightlight."So he breaks in without checking the guard rotation first, not knowing when the patrol will be by, in the middle of the night.  But the dunderhead doesn't bring a hooded lantern, just the omnidirectional oil sort, so the guards walk by five minutes in to see him shoveling opals and onyxes into a sack having smashed one of the front windows.""Luckily, place has a backdoor and he's wearing a full hood, so he leaves his almost-ill-gotten bag right there in the front room, bolts out the back, and instantly they're chasing his colossal ass down the backalleys between it and the financial district immediately adjacent, down under the major merchant and loan banks all down that street.  He's stumpy, but he's got a fuckin' motor on him, so they're only barely catching up-- these trained guards in full chain mail who are totally unused to our stupid town getting anything worse than teenaged cultists and the rare goblin expedition-- but one of 'em hucks his spear at him and it hits him right in the Achilles.""LUCKILY, he's wearing leather, so it only maims him, but he can't run so what does he do??  He offloads himself right into the adjacent sewergrate under the district cobbled road, but as he does he hucks his damned lantern into a breadcart on the road in an attempt to... well, I've no fuckin' clue, and he's never told me.  Maybe distract somebody, maybe throw them off to not notice the lardassed malcontent laying in the gutter bleeding.""So this cart is burning up, and luckily it's in the middle of the stone street, so this pair of guards becomes this heroic firebrigade instead, get medals from the local prefecture for their prompt response.  Immediate applause despite it being past witching hour, visiting with dignitaries, announced at townhall meetings, that sort of thing-- but they completely miss the guy they were chasing, and after laying low for a few hours he drags himself 'round to me at the temple past the market square, so maybe an eighth of a mile.""And that," she says, clanking her drained mug to the floor next to her, fingers splayed around its mouth, "is why you rob fuckin' chip shops instead of a goddamned gemsetter's shop, and always check your fuckin' guard rotations.""Then he applied to work with them as an apprentice a week later, and they never knew it was him."

A rifle is, functionally, just a cylinder of metal; explosions happen on one end of it, and on the other, dead men. Inside that cylinder, subtle grooves twist the bullet into an aerodynamic dance along a precise path, predicted as the ultimate goal of a subtle, perfect mechanism. I am the machinist, and my design foretells the fate of anyone on the wrong end of my rifle.Begin with six-tenths of a kilogram of wood, already planed and burnished into the shape of the buttstock. I paid a pretty copper penny for real walnut, but the woodcarver already drilled the screwholes in preparation for its installation. Add one-hundred-twenty-five grams of spring steel, for the trigger main and return springs, plus the cartridge follower, and one-point-six kilograms of brass for the receiver and housing. Then take two-point-three kilograms of high-carbon, hardened steel for the barrel, the breech-loading system beneath, the lever-action. Set them on your dropcloth, prepare your mineral oil and brushes, take a deep breath, then begin.First, say a prayer. Gond, thou art the true gunsmith, and I but the jig in which your tool rests. Mould this metal through my hands, by thy will divine. As I was moulded by your teachings.The barrel coalesces, first in my mind, then in the air in front of me, extruded from the brick of steel lain by my crosslegged seat. Then the receiver from brass, and each careful joist and pin of the trigger mechanism woven together inside.This knowledge is yours, o Gond, who spoke in subtle tongues to each disciple in your church. From nothing we have gained these talents whole, from you we learn each day anew.They join, and interlock, meeting the lever from the bottom of the casing, and the stock fuses to the rear when the hammer slides into place. The magazine tube fits along the bottom, with the follower at the front to force the bullets back into the chamber, one by one. I have seen this process, inside and out, completed more times than I can count, moving my stack of actions from machine to machine in a great row across the workshop floor.  Drilling, milling, sanding, rifling; I worked them each by hand, enough to trace each line in the schematics in my head.I sing your praises, father Gond, each day, for I am built to--Somebody crashes at my door, rapid percussive blows putting innumerable dents into my careful work. When finally my concentration shatters, I wince, and upon opening my eyes I'm confronted with a solid cube of metal, wooden stock erupting from a side of it, smothered in muddled brass and steel.

I sigh, and answer the door. It's Teine, bouncy, sunny-eyed, hand outstretched as if about to knock again. I blink at her, but before I can scold her for her timing she blurts. "You said today was a good time to show me that gun. Howzabout now?"I shake my head. "I was somewhat in the middle of something. I thought I asked for an hour to myself-- could it not have waited ten, fifteen minutes?"She watches me with those gigantic green eyes, sending little pinpricks running up the back of my neck.Who am I to say that her excitement should force her to wait, I suppose. "Sure," I say, shrugging. "Now's as fine a time as any." I grab the revolver from my desk-- freshly oiled, never fired-- and a paper packet of little rimfire shells, and tuck both into my pocket as I step outside and lock my room.--It takes a moment, as I walk to the starboard side of our airship, to put back together each piece of the speech I'm about to give. I've given it a time or two, and heard it dozens more, back at the temple, but this is the first time I'll be showing somebody how to shoot without a senior instructor over my shoulder. I kneel, holding the black revolver in my careful, open palm, keeping the muzzle safely pointed at sea or deck."This gun is your gun. I will show you how to use it, and, if I am satisfied with your progress at the end of this first lesson, and you can treat it with respect, handle it with safety, and clean it effectively, you may take it with you. Okay?"She gives a vague nod. She begins to reach for it, as we all did before we understood, but I close my hand around it once more, and draw it back to demonstrate."This gun is what we call an 'open-top' revolver. It hold six rounds, at which point you will need to remove the spent bullet casings, and reload." I point to the cylinder, give it a gentle spin, but I recognize the glassy sheen in her eyes as those of a waiting child, eager to rush to the fun part. So I smile, and I flick my wrist outward, bouncing open the round drum to the sound of its characteristic snap. "With the hammer half-pulled, unlock this lever, and quickly twist your hand with the curve of the gun, and it'll swing out. That bit, the arm on which it flips, is called the crane; take care with it." I wiggle the switch, and she nods. "Your revolver is chambered for .44 caliber bullets. This is widely considered enough power to take down a horse, coming at you at full gallop."Teine's eyes go wide, attentive. Her gaze flicks from my moving mouth to the gun, and back. I don't blame her; it's the same detail that drew me to my first pistol, just a few short years ago. I load a single brass bullet into the chamber.She points at the body of the gun after I click it shut. She mimics the motion, hooked finger extended, whole hand jolting precisely as mine did. "How do you do that, with the--""Oh, I'll get Cash to show you. She's better at the flick-action than I am. Here, watch me again."She learns quickly. Before I even hand her the gun, I see nimble fingers replicating each tiny step, from the half-cocked hammer to safely pop the cylinder to the careful extension of finger far from trigger at rest. It took me weeks of welted knuckles to finally internalize that truth, and she's seen it in minutes."Do not point this firearm at anything you do not intend to kill."Her lips curl impishly. "So, Gandryl!"This is the most important moment. I need to show her that there's no joking around, with this. I furrow my brow, tightening my top lip to let sizable canines show my displeasure. "No."To my surprise, she shrinks like a scolded pup, no further admonition needed. She frowns, and nods, and I sigh a deep sigh. "Good. Now, then. Always treat a firearm as if it is loaded, even if you can see that it is not. Because--" I snap the hammer back, applying the trigger with the tinny click of metal, once, twice, before...The bullet I had chambered spins into the barrel, as planned. The hammer falls, and the crack and smoke of powder causes both of us to jump, just slightly, as the bullet sails off the bow into the ocean."This is not a toy." I show her how to reload it-- flipping it open, removing the spent, smoking shell, and I let her insert a new bullet as I hold the gun. But she grimaces, right hand mimicking the position of my own as I tilt the revolver over to load from the top."Why does it load that way," she asks, "when I hold the gun with my right hand? How does that make sense?" It's a very valid question, and I chuckle, for most students don't think to ask until their eighth, ninth reload."It's designed for loading on horseback, actually. It was meant to be held in your left, and load bullets with your surer hand. I'm afraid we'll simply have to make do with it as it is."I sense her skeptical glare. "You couldn't design a better one?"But I shake my head. "It exists that way for a reason. I may have built this one from that design, but I cannot change that which isn't flawed. Now then, open your right hand, and I'll--"I intend to let her palm the thing, let her feel the weight as I teach her where to wrap her fingers, but already each has snuck into the precise divots inlaid into the metal handle. Her other hand travels-- palm on hammer, fingers on extractor rod, then the cylinder, playing down the black metal slightly too large for her. She'll grow into it, like I did. I had more to say, but already she fiddles with the open top of the gun, feeling the action move in asymmetric sixths, and takes up the sights. I put my arm behind her, carefully wrapping my hands over her own to guide her, make sure her first shot does not wrench or point astray. She pulls the hammer back, keeping barrel pointed at all times off the boat."That's good. Squeeze the trigger, don't pull the whole gun-- keep control of it at all times."When the Tutors taught me this part, they said a prayer with it, as well, that Gond does the aiming and we are but the straight-spined agents of his will. I know Teine has no interest, so I save that part for the more spiritually-receptive members of our crew. I'm sure she'll hate cleaning it, and I'd rather not wear out her patience before we get to that.But as the choking sulfurous stink rises from the spent drum in Teine's new gun, I can only smile to myself, proud of my fastest student, the newest instrument of his holy writ.

The frigid winter wind, ocean air chilled by its long passage down from the Wandering Sea, rolled off of the Ventara mountains, coating Emeryville in thick, icy fog.  One week prior, the first snows had blanketed the town in a stultified calm, so artificial and thick that only the open bay doors of the town forges could blast through it.  In the wake of the Assumption of Irlain's Unbecoming-- a rather bleak little ceremony, in Nylth's opinion, celebrating some martyr's suffering and gruesome yuletide death-- the town's artificers busily rearranged the lighting along the main causeways out of town, touching each translucent sphere to imbue them with a soft glow, in alternating yellows and greens, as much a festive marker as a warning to airships coming in to dock.Even in the worst of weather, the town kept busy, merchants and stevedores loading and unloading goods all along the busy wharfs, save for one airship practically unattended at the far end, shrouded in the cold fog.  Nylth always wondered why certain ships were placed closer or further; whether it was determined by free space, the whims of a harbormaster, or the unknowable preferences of captains.  She had asked a friend this, once, who owned her own ship, but the only response it garnered was a shrug.  In her case, Nylth had figured, she must have a habit of docking as far away from town as possible to not draw attention to herself.  She had some covert role resisting the tyrannies of far-off nations, Nylth knew (in an abstract sense,) and figured it must be a dire obligation for how little time she lingered whenever she visited.Three years prior to her own little rebellion, Nylth Keth, tiefling teenager, stood on the prow of an unparalleled skycutter, facing into the wind.  The hood over her horns amply covered the tangled mass of untrimmed hair down her back, as well as her pointed ears.  Dark goggles swallowed her face and eyes, and she strained to hear the voice of her companion, a woman laying on the stem of the ship, over the scurry and commotion of midday dockwork.  Aside from the two of them, the whole ship was barren, crew eager to wrap up a last day's duties at port.  This suited Nylth just fine; as a woman with a decade's worth of questions and a shortage of time in which to rattle them off, anything that gave the two of them more time in close proximity made her heart feel like it could beat just another day, for now."I'm off again."  The woman speaking, Nylth's friend, was a blackhaired drow, one gray eye and an eyepatch flanking her sharp, smallish nose.  She kicked her legs idly in the breeze as she examined the overcast sky.  "Crew's restless; they'll need pay, and it's two good weeks' travel to the coastline where we're to meet our next agent.  I need to keep their purses current with coin and their back teeth floating with ale if I'm gonna keep this rebellion on track without a mutiny."  She wasn't dressed, Nylth noted, for inclement weather, but apart from the infrequent tug at the hem of her black collared shirt, the woman seemed to neither shiver nor complain as the breezes trailed over the exposed skin of her cheeks and ankles."And once again," the tiefling said, giving a resigned sigh as she crossed her legs to sit behind the recumbent captain, "you'll say that you couldn't dream of telling me where you're going for the knowledge it'd endanger me.  Even now, after this of all visits.""You can't imagine that they would be willing to torture you for information on nefarious operations like mine, can you?  Trust me, they'll hurt anybody, even red-eyed, red-blooded Gond-fearing little hotspurs."Nylth's expression soured.  "Nobody would torture me, Lamellar.  They have Truth spells for that.""But that's the fun of it, y'see?"  Lamellar stood, baring glinting teeth.  Her hands came to rest in broad beltpockets resting against her slender hips.  She strode down the stairs to the quarterdeck, before turning.  "They'd love to just come along, set fire to your little T.P., priests and all, and cut out your eyeballs and tongue just to hear ya squeal."Lamellar had explained once, at a time when Nylth had expressed a particular disenchantment with the institution of her raising, that she liked to call the Temple of Three Pillars 'T.P.', because when it brought Nylth's spirits down, in Lam's words, 'the place wasn't fit to clean up a bowel movement'.  Nylth had laughed.  At the time.Now, however, Nylth's brow flattened as she stood, gaze cast to one side.  She stepped forward to the stairs, hovering close to the other woman.  "I hate it when you talk like that.  You know what the Vestments mean to me, and how awful you'd feel if anything did ever happen to this place."Lamellar sighed, and put a hand to the bulky linen mat enveloping Nylth's wings and shoulders.  "Oh, come off it."But Nylth watched her, hurt look unabated.The drow rolled her eyes.  "Fine.  I shouldn't be so fresh.  But once you're out in the real world--""I don't give a plug about the 'real world'.  Tell me, or I'll worry the whole time you're gone.  I'll fret, every minute of every day, until you come back to see me again.  I'll be shoveling sheepshit and crying with worry."  Her eyes shimmered, even under the goggles.  She raised a finger.  "Or, you can take me with you."Nylth had rehearsed this moment for the whole week, from the moment it was clear she'd never get the time she so desperately craved with the elusive captain alongside her priestly duties.  In fact, she had started to turn over the words in her head the moment that Lamellar had drawn her close as they watched the ceremonial flagellation of a stand-in saint, said some suave line about finally being back, and kissed her on the lips, then lingered there until the stars cleared out of Nylth's eyes and she could breathe again.But Lamellar sidestepped the question with but a shrug.  "You're very cute, Keth."Nylth winced, like a startled puppy.Lamellar met her gaze, and smiled a sly smile that softened when she saw the tiefling's hurt glance.  "I'm not saying that to tease you.  You're adorable.  And when you've decided to grow up and see a bit more of what's really going on out there, come find me again.  But, for now?"  Lamellar turned away from Nylth in a flash.  With two spry bounds, she vaulted the dark wood railing, catching the brace to scurry up it into the rigging.Nylth cast out a hand.  It sailed in a useless arc through the crisp air, unable to catch even the hem of the woman's waistcoat.With an effortless slide down the mast, the drow canted away from it, angled on one foot some fifteen feet off the deck.  Her free hand gestured wide, indicating only an empty horizon choked in billowing layers of fog, before ensuring the stability of her bicorne hat.  "You have to account for yourself.  I would hate to see you hurt."Nylth cupped an amplifying hand around her lips.  "Is that supposed to be some big lesson?  What, are you going to break into a song, now, from all the way up there?""Don't tempt me."  Lamellar shrugged, turning on a heel once more to skip down to middeck, out of Nylth's reach again.  "You're just so... you've got your whole life ahead of you!  I'd hate for you to throw all that away catching a cannonshot with your teeth.  My trade margins are too thin to afford resurrecting you, 'friend of the Captain' or no."Nylth trudged down the stairs.  After a morning spent re-reconvincing two Wing-heads to let her finish her duties that evening and thus be permitted to socialize all day, this was hardly the final conversation she craved as a sendoff to a woman whose bed she had shared less than a week earlier."Is that what I am?  Friend of Captain, end of ledger?"  Nylth drew it out, spitting each resentful word.  She had spent enough years, she wagered, befriending Lam, that when the time came and the kiss felt so instinctive, so easy, and so right, she naturally assumed..."Nylth..."  Lam said it like a trainer disciplining a warg, which defused Nylth's budding anger not a whit."That's what it'll say on my tombstone!  My crowning achievement.  'Nylth Keth, she was friends with Lamellar Q'elar.  Good, good friends.  Kissing friends!'""Nylth!"  Lamellar spun towards her again, incredulous sneer smeared across her face."Because if so, that's fine, but then I'd feel a little more entitled to demanding some friendship instead of just acting as your-- your--" her blue cheeks screwed up with annoyance as she blurted.  "Your succubus on a godsdamned leash!"Lamellar stumbled midbound, her attempt to skip past Nylth stymied with shock.  She caught herself, skidding to rest halfway up the stairs to the poopdeck.  She stuttered, grinning.  "Now, don't you think that kinda play's a little intense for this early in--""All the acrobatics, the silver words, the flirty gestures, none of it means crow to me, Lamellar, if you can't tell me why any this talk even matters!  You-- you kissed me!  Right there, in the festival, as the procession went by!  I thought, foolishly, that I might mean something to you because of that, but you won't even stand still long enough to just talk to me."  Nylth's pique broke as she balled her fists, lips contorted with simmering rage.  "Hell, you talk about situations where I'll die often enough, maybe you might even be trying to imply that you would feel something in that event.  But no!  Nothing other than 'life lessons' from the woman only three and a half years my senior, nothing so daunting as affection.  Humph."Nylth raised her arms in a huff, planting herself in the center of middeck.  She watched her perhaps-suitor glide down the banister, taut brown leather pants silently buffing the burnished wood as Lamellar stepped forward, arms akimbo, presumably about to match Nylth's agitated tone.Indeed, her stance grew broad, footfalls suddenly heavy.  Her dark, throaty voice took on an edge of menace.  "And I thought, clearly also foolishly, that you would let yourself enjoy that moment and wouldn't take it for more than it needed to be."Nylth shrank back, arms falling to her sides.  "I just wanted... something more, I dunno.  More real, more concrete, more grand."But Lamellar crossed her arms, growing impatience supplanting the veneer of anger.  "What you wanted was to come with me, run away from all the growing up you have yet to do, and to pretend like my life is just full of mystical adventures you'd be free to share, or some goddamned fairytale like that.""Yes!"  Nylth threw her hands up, teeth gritted.  "That sounds amazing.  That sounds real!  Unlike this place, where I spend three hours a day restocking materials for the evening rituals, straightening papers, wiping down pews.""See, the fact that you believe my life is somehow fun and games, some wondrous and carefree flit from town to town?  That's how I know you're not ready.  That's why I can say with confidence you haven't learned enough about what really goes on in the world."  Lamellar balled her fists, her eyes suddenly set with a scowl.  Her voice bristled with icy wind.  "I kill people, Nylth.  This is a war.""So let me learn out there.  Why do I have to stay, if the biggest and most important lessons are out there with you, blazing between continents and conflicts?"But the drow's expression dropped, eyes scraping the deck of her boat.  "Because I can't protect you.  And you can't protect yourself, and even if you didn't meet your end, you'd never understand how it changes you until it had changed you.""You think I'm a foolish child."  Nylth stared at Lamellar, stepping closer as she tried to recapture her gaze.  But Lam turned away from her again, crossed her arms with a shiver.Nylth hugged her from behind, drawing the cloak around both torsos.  A steady hand fell against the arm around Lamellar's waist, and she felt the object of her embrace sigh.  "I know that you are.  And I'd never forgive myself if I was the person who forced you to grow up too fast, like I did, like everyone else I drag into this does.""I promise, it couldn't change me.  I'd enjoy it, growing up out there, with you.""Nylth," Lamellar said, voice softening again.  "You want to know why we spent the first night I was here talking, and didn't make love?""I!"  Nylth squeaked, cheeks reddening.  The annoyance in her voice flared, cracking enough to barely paper over her embarrassment.  "Yes.  I do, actually.  I flew from my nightly rest to your side, to share your bed in a state of particular undress, and all I got to do was listen to you regale me with stories of some old dead captain, and to be punished for it by my Confessors come morningtime.  So, yes, I would."Lamellar laughed a dry, bitter laugh.  "While I'm not much of one to respect local ordinances I have learned enough to avoid stringing along little romantics like yourself.""You certainly brag about other conquests enough, am I not enough of a right proper baroness to be added to that esteemed list?""There was only the one baroness.  And that 'old dead captain'-- his name was Arlan Kotter-- was my lover as well, I'll have you know.  If you'd been listening at the time, you'd have noticed that little detail."Nylth's arms tightened their squeeze around Lamellar's stomach.  "...Sorry.""Well, I hadn't ever spoken about him to you as anything other than a co-worker.  It was too painful to do anything but.  Even on the night we met, I guess I only mentioned him offhand.""The guy you said you were going to replace?  You called yourself the 'future captain'.""This job has pretty high turnover, it turns out.  That's why I was captain when I came back that next season, right after your fifteenth birthday."

"He wasn't much older than I am now.  But he'd been captain for a while, and had been the one who got this crew into piracy in the first place.  I signed on under him, learned everything he knew, took over for him when I had to."Lamellar peered out towards the town, watching the lights blinking on, one by one, little moonlit eyes opening in sequence to watch the two of them stand together under the mast."And I mourned in the best way I could, quietly, in the little downtimes between... harder tasks.  But you just can't afford much time for sentiment, even on a loose-ass ship like mine, because you have to be the goddamn captain.  Nobody can see it.""And you feel like that changed you.""No.  The worst part is, I accepted it very quickly, even as... close... as we'd been.  I took to the same bed he'd slept in, the night he died, and slept as well as ever, because what else could I do?  Risk sleeplessness the next day, doom the crew with my own emotions?"Nylth opened her mouth, but closed it again, and rested her jaw against Lamellar's shoulder."That," Lamellar said, resting her head against the tiefling's, "is why I let you come with us on your first voyage out.  So you could watch that hell unfold, in small part, and be scared off from trying to join me on the life forever.""I remember bawling my eyes out after that first fight, yeah."  Both women nod with Nylth's somber reflection.  "I barely understood a thing until that point, but I guess... it still didn't put me off of it, I still just wanted to be by your side."

Nylth sniffled, raising a hand to cock up her goggles and rub her eyes.  The first tear dropped down her dusty cheek, one drab blue drip.  "Why wasn't I good enough?"Lamellar shook her head as she turned.  She put her nose to Nylth's forehead, drawing the girl's face up to look at her, and she planted a lingering, apologetic kiss on her lips before she spoke.  "It doesn't work like that, Blue.  You know it doesn't.""I don't take up much room.  I could sleep in the broom closet, under the stairs.""And I note that would mean you'd share a wall with my bed, meaning you'd never be more than five feet away from me.""Pure coincidence."  Nylth snorted a wet laugh."Go home, little Nylth.  Go back to your life, and forget I ever visited.  Stay safe and warm in your bunk and dream of the blissful heat of the forges, and fine summer days spent with that rockheaded pal of yours.  Brock, or whatever.  Maybe, in twenty years, I'll have successfully overturned the Empires, and I can come find you once there's peace again."Nylth wiped her nose on the fur of her habit.  "I would be, like, almost forty by then.  You'd still look like a teenager, exactly as you have since the day I first saw you six years ago, and I'd be middle-aged, a withered old crone, like a boulder worn to sand by the persistent wind of time and regrets.""Oh, don't give in to melodrama.  You'd find somebody nice, you'd settle down in a wonderful, safe place, and you'd raise your kids in the church so they always knew how much you loved them.  And you would never have to think about prickly ol' Lamellar ever again.  Either way, you'll grow up, and move on.""I'll never move on.  Never, never.  You'll visit my tomb in a hundred years, and I'll just be there under the headstone with your name on it, calling it out from six feet below the cold earth."Lamellar rolled her eyes.  "Goodbye, Nylth."After Lamellar had gone-- Nylth would imagine, years later, apology writ on Lam's face as she trudged away, though she couldn't watch her leave-- Nylth stared off across the mountains, low peaks gradually fading under the mist toward the ocean to the north, and toward the great archipelago to the south.  She watched the fog roll until the first members of Lam's crew were within sight, and recloaked herself.  Nylth sighed, disembarking, and walked back towards the town.

At the age of 13, the acolytes of the Temple of Three Pillars are permitted to leave the grounds unsupervised without special dispensation from a tutor.  Nylth Keth had availed herself of this privilege for an entire year, and in the process of learning exactly how far she could stretch the good graces of her professors now found herself under the twinkling stars alongside the docks.  The crew of a great trimast, fresh into port, set out broad braziers alongside their ship, and caterwauled the night away over freeflowing ale and ribaldry.Little Nylth, a tiefling fourteen years of age, peeled her cloak from her shoulders, dropped off the side of the dock unseen, and flapped her tiny wings.  She came up alongside one of the lower deck windows, open to the warm summer air, and squeezed inside.  She opened the door to the crew berths, and strutted up the stairs to join the party as though she owned the whole airship.But at the moment she tried to fathom the shipload of carousal surrounding her, a leather-clad hand fell heavily on Nylth's shoulder.Nylth had spotted those black gloves before, on the hands of one of the gregarious shipmates she'd seen about town, gladhanding in the market and shelling out ample coin for provisions and liquor.  The woman had been a tallish dark elf, maybe a few years Nylth's senior, with raven hair falling to her tailbone and the belt of her skintight breeches.The black-haired drow spun her around.  She spoke in barely-accented Rogmi, the trader's tongue.  "You shouldn't be here, kiddo.  How'd you even get onto my ship?"  The tall woman slugged the last of the murky liquid from her glass, dark waves of hair falling across her face and obscuring her good eye.  A flick of the wrist sent the cup overboard with a clang against the gunnel."The wings, silly!  Are you guys pirates!?"  The tiefling shifted, excitement blossoming across her face.  She flexed her extra limbs, eliciting a laugh from her captor."Just spice traders celebrating another successful run, now beat it."  Her free hand met the seat of Nylth's robes, offering an ushered trip back over the gangplank and onto the darkened gravel path back to town."Nah, E-ville doesn't have any spices to put out into the world other than oregano, which nobody'd buy given how the shipping costs would totally eclipse its value.  Confessor Adelin says our bigger exports by far are wool, leeks, and metal goods courtesy of the church.  I've never met pirates before!"This gave the older woman pause.  She'd fooled customs officials and Empire bureaucrats from here to the Aramani inlands with her patter about the spices of the Rogmi coast, and here was a precocious, winged little shit calling her on it the minute they made eye contact."What did you say your name was?""I didn't." The girl squirmed again, full, volcanic eyes falling back into those of the woman grappling her.  "But it's Pilgrim Keth; Nylth, if we know each other.""Great.  Little Keth?"  The grip at Nylth's shoulder kept steady, but the frogmarch paused right as they reached the dark dockside planks.  "Keep to your own business.  It's safer that way.""Will you be back next season?""If the trade winds swing us by again, perhaps.  I'll be captain by then, so it's my call.""Then you should come back, and I'll be here to see you!  I came to meet you, you know.  I saw you in the market, and I've watched you come around before!"The drow stared.  "Me?  Look, I'm flattered, but aren't I a little old for you?"Nylth wriggled out of her grip, shrugging as she turned.  "I'unno.  You haven't changed, and I've been watching you since I was eleven."

"See, too young.  Buzz off, kid.""But you never seem to be any older!""I'm an elf.  Comes with the skin and the attitude."Nylth stuck out her tongue.  "The barren earth swallow you up," she intoned, in stilted, rasping Nulvar, her best recollection of an old dwarven curse."Aaah," the woman groaned, stifling a smile.  She corrected the minced oath in the same tongue.  "'Barren land will swallow you whole before my nethers ever will'."Nylth's cheeks glowed a lush scarlet."Next time I'm in town," the drow declared, back in the common language,  "you'll know it, because captain Lamellar Q'elar will make her mark in the dockledger and on the town.  Good enough?""Good enough!  Pleasant night!"  The blue girl laughed, and stepped back into the shadows of the night."Pleasant night, little Nylth," Lamellar mumbled under her breath, voice tinged with exasperation, as she turned back to rejoin the party.

Just before sundown on a crisp autumn evening, a woman's broad hands steady the hunched shoulders of her companion, who continues to sway from one converse-clad foot to the other.  The recipient of her attention is a short, bouncy girl, younger than she, with a black DIY bob laying in anarchic, windtousled snarls.  Her quick movements and wild hair paint the picture of an agitated bichon, still riled despite repeated soothing touch.  In fact, she looks about to topple over, guarded from the breeze only by the other woman's calming embrace.  The two stand together on the sidewalk, dawdling just outside a neon-lit storefront window."I said I'd buy you a couple," the taller of the two says, sympathetic tone hanging on the wind of her southerly drawl.  "If you wanted 'em, and I meant it."  She bobs her head, still trying to catch her friend's scattered gaze under the dark bangs and sharp eyeliner.  She raises her eyebrows, finally garnering the shorter's focus.  "But Lynh, I'd hate to force you into this, and you're sure as heck not required to take me up on that offer if it's shakin' ya'.  If you wanna go home, be my guest.  Take a few days, think on it."As she settles, the shorter woman exhales a steady breath, visible plume billowing up into the night.  Leaning her weight back, she is easily held upright by locked knees and the bracing hands at her trapezii.  She squeezes her eyes shut under round, hipsterish glasses.  "It's alright, Diana.  I'm gonna do this.  I'm... really doing this.  It's just that I've never done this, so I'm just a bit skittish."  She plants her feet again, hands deep in her hoodie's pocket to ward off the late-October cold, and takes a step towards the door."Heh.  Just a bit."  Diana corrects herself when she sees an embarrassed blush bloom under Lynh's eerie husky-blue eyes, and smiles.  "It's alright.  You've shaken it out, now.  Let's go on in, but only if you're sure.""I'm sure.  Does it hurt much?  And what're you gonna get?"She laughs, swinging the door open with one hand to usher Lynh inside with the other.  "Haven't decided yet.  I'll pick once we're in there."--Six hours earlier.On the Saturday before Halloween, Lynh Khett sat in the center chair of a vacant windowfacing banquette, watching the football crowds throng towards the Ross-Ade Stadium.  She had positioned herself to peoplewatch, right in the comfortable windowbank abutting the main artery past the Cary West dormitory.  Surrounding her were innumerable atomized tables, split apart for Family Weekend, at which students stuffed their parents with the adequate grub of the Ford Dining Center, and regaled them of a first quarter's academic achievements.  Purdue always hosted the Weekend over a home football game, and the throngs of latecomers trudging up from Russell Street, even after the noon kickoff, blocked the whole sidewalk shoulder-to-shoulder.Lynh picked at her quinoa salad and brussels sprouts, eyeballs forward so as to not brush a recalcitrant gaze over the family immediately behind her, who erupted into bolts of coordinated, raucus laughter every 30 seconds like clockwork.  Tipping back against her chair, she sighed, tented fingers meeting in the monopocket of her brown sweatshirt.A hand landed on her shoulder, but the only sign of surprise Lynh gave was a sharp, inaudible sniff.  Her gaze wandered the sudden appendage, examining the taut, well-worn grooves in the fingertips and the used peanut oil pooling in the rough troughs of the nailbeds.Lynh smiled, looking at the reflection of the woman standing behind her, regarding her grease-stained tank top and ill-fit jeans.  "Oh, hey!  Diana.  You off work?  What brings you out so early?"Diana McDosh-- a name which, once she'd given it to Lynh, had elicited no end to snorted chuckles-- had a frame built to withstand hurricanes.  Unlike her own (which Lynh described to friends charitably as 'squarish' and dourly as 'a refrigerator box',) Diana's stance rung with sumptuous muscles and the well-used back of a longshorewoman.  She was a good half-foot taller than Lynh, who came up barely to her chin at five feet, seven inches, and her stark-white hair had been, like every other time they'd spoken, tugged up behind her in a messy, functional ponytail.  Today, however, she pulled it down as she spoke, thick waves dancing around her shoulders and playing in the diffused sunlight.  Her eyes, the light brown of polished jasper stones, smiled even before her mouth did."Haven't seen ya' in a dog's age, Lynh, and I figured you'd be the sort to avoid the gameday crowds stead'a comin' out from campus fer grub."Diana spoke with a distinctly smoky twang, tinged by childhood proximity to the coal mines of West Virginia.  Lynh had never asked if she'd spent much time in them, or worked one herself, despite wanting to know.  Still, she thought it more polite to just let the woman tell her own story rather than pry or pick apart details."I needed to watch some people,"  Lynh said.  "It's nice to just be around them, and be unremarkable enough you can watch them stream by on their way to the rest of their lives.""Must be nice.  I stick out of any crowd I'm in."  Diana rested her knuckles against the top of the table, and for a moment Lynh wondered if she might inadvertently take a chunk out of the flimsy chipboard bartop with an errant flex.  But she eased herself into the chair next to Lynh, sighing with relaxation."Sounds like a curse.  How exhausting is it, being that gorgeous and chiseled?"Diana laughed, rubbing at the back of her neck with an idle hand.  "Naw.  I'm not tryin' to brag.  I just mean that I'm taller than most.""Hmm.""What'cha up to today?"Lynh shrugged, balancing the last sprout on her forktip to tip back into her mouth.  "Dunno.  I'm meeting some classmates in a bit for my Phonemes and Morphemes study group, but otherwise I'm prob'ly free.""Well," Diana said, "I told my boss that I had a ticket to the game, so he advised me to take a half-day to enjoy myself.  Just clocked out.""Do you really?  Headed that way?""I do, surprisingly, actually have one."  Diana leaned over, angling her hand to mock a conspiratorial whisper to her seatmate.  "And maybe I'll see some of it, y'know, mingle a bit?  But it sounds more fun to walk you where you're going first, if you'll have me fer company.""Aww," Lynh cooed.  "That'd be really nice of you.  Why do you wanna come along with li'l me, though?""Are you kiddin'?  Y'know how few of these student types are willing to talk to th' help?  I like you, silly.  You're not a stuck-up asshole, like some a' these."  She waggled a broad thumb over her shoulder to the still-seated throng, smirking.--After returning her empty dishes, Lynh, with her backpack slung over one arm, rejoined Diana at the doors.  She smiled as Diana led her out, stiff chill of the early afternoon greeting them both.Diana followed her down the concrete ramp, crossing the street against the thinning crowd to follow Stadium Avenue.  "Y'know, I don't think I know your last name.""Yeah!"  Lynh turned to amplify her smile into a toothy grin, taking broad backwards steps.  "I've never told you.  I don't tell anybody, if I can avoid it."  She spun forward again, traipsing across a lawn towards the south side of campus.  Weaving through a bank of trees, she ran her hands against the narrow trunks of each, thin canvas shoes evoking a chorus of complaining leafsnaps underfoot."Why not?""Just don't like to."  Lynh distended the front of her hoodie with outstretched fists.  "So what've you been up to since last we spoke?""Same ol', same ol'."  Diana shrugged.  "Work, mostly.  How old are you these days?""Twenty-one.  As of the start of August.""Christ.  As the saying goes, they do get younger every year.""I'll pretend I didn't hear that, don't worry.  Yourself?""Pardon?"  Diana's splayed fingers drew up to her collarbone as she smiled a broad smile.  "A lady doesn't ask, and a lady never tells."Lynh shrugged, not even turning to look.  "You asked me first.""Fine!"  Diana scoffed playfully.  "Thirty-five."Lynh whistled and cocked an eyebrow as Diana came up alongside her, and regarded her up and down again.  "Good fer you."Diana merely rolled her eyes, stifling a laugh.  "Don't have to be rude.  Did you do anything for yer... birthday?"Lynh's smile turned down.  "God, no.  Can't imagine it.  No, no."  Her gaze tracked along the floor, just for a second, before she picked it up again and renewed her hasty trek.Diana jogged, trying to keep pace.  "...Sorry.""No, don't be.  I'm sorry that I'm so fuckin' dour, today; I just can't stand Family Weekend."Passing by the smattering of frats dotting the edge of campus, Lynh rounded the corner, heading down University.  Her hands traveled overhead, touching every low branch in her path, as if she could use them to launch herself away from this topic of conversation any faster.  The cold biting into her bare shoulders exacerbated Diana's quick breaths as she almost matched Lynh's hurried steps."You don't... talk about your family much, do you."Lynh stopped, then, standing in the middle of the sidewalk.  The football crowds had mostly passed them by, with the rare oblivious black-and-gold clad trickle politely keeping distance.She whirled on a foot.  "No, I really don't.  Sorry, can we... not talk about this, right now?"But it was Diana's turn to cross her arms, lip upturned in a distinctly unamused fashion.  "Excuse me?  It's all you have been talking about.  I'm happy to drop it, but only if you'll lose the bug up your booty about it."Lynh raised an affronted hand to a hoodstring, spiraling it around her finger and stretching the fraying ends between nervous nails.  "What?""Names, birthdays, this weekend?  It's all you're talking about.  So talk about it, or I can just--"  Diana pointed over her shoulder, beginning to turn with it."No-- sorry, wait, please."  Lynh reached out, two fingers brushing a windchilled bicep.  Were she less distressed, it would be a startlingly intimate gesture, but as it was she spread her palm against flesh, trying to steady the leaving woman, keep her near.  "You're right, I don't get along with them."Diana watched her levelly, politely turning to attend those wide blue eyes."I don't tell anybody my last name because I know they'd treat me differently.  You know Khett Hall?  The Khett Library Foundation?"Diana shrugged."Those are both named after my dad.  Arlen Khett?  The one with the statues in the atrium to the learning annex?  That was him.  My name's Lynh Khett."Her gaze traveled up into the scraggly tree overhead, stripped of all but a few crispy, ochre leaves.  "Sounds like he must be real important."Lynh shrank, just a little, at the shoulders, legs closing together and arms folding.  "I guess.  Maybe.  I wouldn't know.  I haven't spoken to him in years.""But he went here, has a bunch'a stuff named after him?""There's a reason I got a full-ride scholarship and could come to Purdue in the first place.  I can't pretend I'm not a Legacy admit.""But you still haven't..."  Diana watched Lynh's head cast down, and when it rose again, she saw the single tear out of Lynh's eye.But Lynh set her jaw, eyes suddenly clear, expressionless.  "My parents disowned me, Diana.  When I was fourteen.""Fourteen.  Gawd.  Fer fuckin' what...?"  Diana extended an embrace, returning a gentle squeeze to Lynh's upper arms.  Lynh saw only a flicker of the sympathetic wrath on the older woman's face, but smiled regardless."Well, they caught me kissing a girl in the back of her car..."  Her lips twisted with the sour note."Wait, her... a car... and you were fourteen?""She was a bit older.  The point is, when your dad accuses you of 'courting Satan' when all you've done is hang out in the back of a beat up Camaro, no matter what happens you grow up pretty quickly.  I've made my way ever since, and I had plenty of help and found my own community.  But it's not like I'd refuse to take up a free pass to a place like this, so I guess I can never really escape the family name."Lynh's grimace had softened, slowly, to merely a frown, and she took tiny steps closer until Diana had her wrapped in both arms, held her close to her chest.But Diana laughed to herself.  "I swear to god, if I ever meet the man I'll crack his ass in half.  Satan?  What's that got to do with shit?""It's kinda funny, isn't it?  They knew I had pretty different views on God than they did, but even when they pushed me away I never exactly stopped sharing their religion.  I still wonder if all that got bottled up, and when I ended up not being as... straight... as they expected, it all just exploded out.  I got a lot of chewing out over the fate of my immortal soul, y'know.""Rrreally?""I may not look like it, but I'm pretty big on God."  Lynh smiled, embarrassed, like she'd just revealed an affection for Nickelback or AM radio.  "I thought about it a lot, but I never lost faith, weirdly.""God...?" Diana shrugged into the hug.  "God.  I mean, I can't really say I ever put much thought into all that.  Prayer and hopin' he'd turn out results for me has never really... worked out."Lynh laughed, muffled by her own hand at her mouth.  She rubbed her cheeks.  "Hah.  No, I get it-- that's the thing.  It's not about changing the world that you have, right?  Nobody has that power, we can't see the big picture.  We gotta trust the plan, because a watchmaker doesn't need to let the gears understand the whole picture for the thing to run in perfect harmony.  That's us; pieces of a larger, meticulous puzzle, and I find that beautiful, I guess, or comforting.  Maybe that sounds silly, sorry.""Naw, it's fine!  That sounds really nice.  And I bet it makes you happy.""I mean, it's not like the fire and brimstone Old Testament shithead of my parents religion makes any sense.  Their God and my God clearly aren't the same thing.  The Trinity, confessions, grace, repentance-- it's all just cover for their invective.  They just need to think they can control the whole world, and that it all needs to make sense to them, and so they try to wring that out of religion because it makes them feel better.""They tried to wring it out of you.""Yeah."  Lynh straightened her back, returning the hug for a brief moment before backing up, and dropping her hands to her pocket once more.  "At least they don't have sway over me; I'm glad for that, actually.  They can't control what I do, or how I look, or who I love."Diana's mouth curled into an undefinable smile, somehow out of Lynh's reach and inside her head at the same time.  "I never pegged you for the sort.  I had always just assumed you were a regular kid.  Guess there were signs, though.""I am a normal kid," Lynh protested with a shrug.  "What do you mean, signs?  My hair?  The makeup?""Your ears aren't pierced," Diana said, thoughtfully.Lynh rubbed her detached, rounded earlobes, fingernail finding the familiar freckle right in the center of the left one.  "Piercings, huh.  Funny you should mention that, actually.""Funny?""Never mind.  Just a-- passing thought."Diana arched an eyebrow, a look of kindly concern spreading across her mouth.  "Have you never had a piercing?  Shoot, but it's so much fun!  Is that something you feel like you're missin' out on?""Missing out?"  Lynh gave a queer, tense smile, incredulous.  "Of course I'm not missing out.  I'm just clearly not the sort of person who could just walk into... I mean, I've never thought about it.""Turns out the only thing that makes you that 'sort of person' is doin' it.""No, you don't get it."  Lynh shook her head, biting at her upper lip.  "I can't.""Can't?"  Diana tilted her head, hand traveling to her hip.  "Listen, I know a guy.  Works at the tattoo place uptown.  If it's about money, let me buy ya' a couple.  Least I could do."  She said it with an effortless nonchalance, eyes closed, shrugging.But Lynh's neck shrank, chin disappearing into her hoodie.  "It's not... I appreciate that.  Thanks for the offer, but I might... think about it for a while.  Thanks."Diana nodded, not unkindly, and gave a soft smile.  "I absolutely understand.  Think about if you'd find it fun."Lynh's fingers crept up one arm, fixing the hanging strap from her backpack over her shoulder once more.  "And I, uh, I'm a bit late for my meeting, so I should..."Diana rubbed her bare arms.  "Oh, yeah.  I am cold as SHIT out here, so I'd better go."Lynh smiled apologetically.  "Do you wanna... borrow my sweatshirt, or something?""Aww, toadstools.  Na'ah, I’d hate for you to get cold, and it’s not like it’d fit me anyways.  I'll be awright, I left my jacket at work like a damn fool.  Well, I'd better go get it, and you'd better get to your meetin'.  Have a good'n, and think about my offer.  No pressure, though!"They waved amicably, heading their separate ways.Lynh pulled out her phone, and sent a quick text.--"Sounds like you've got a bit of a crush, Boss."  Across the dorm room from her desk, in a great beanbag chair, sat Lynh's hallmate and a constant interloper on her open door.  Gerald Rylandsun, short, appreciably portly, untrimmed, blue-dyed hair mounded in a messy bun behind his head, was a Master's student in the school of Engineering in one of the Aerodynamics and Propulsion laboratories."Don't say that crap," Lynh sneered, pointing a pair of accusatory plastic chopsticks plucked from her open carton of takeout shrimp lo mein.  "She's nice to me, and we talked about trauma shit.  It's not like that.""She invited you out to go get your ears pierced.  What, you think that's the sort of thing a big sister would do?  C'mon.  It's totally a date."Lynh had met him-- when she was just a prickly first-year-- in an applied physics course during a group exercise, but unlike the other men in the program he had nodded eagerly and taken good notes instead of scoffing her off to finish the work themselves."C’mon, it totally is the sort of thing a sister would do, though!"  She shrugged.  "It is not a date.""Did you ask?"They agreed in retrospect that she had been overexplaining whatever term was in question, a result of her highschool overeducation in physical mechanics, but the first time he jokingly called her 'boss', it had sounded like a term of endearment instead of condescension or dismissal.  He frequently joked that it was his Vermont upbringing that allowed him to codeswap between 'haughty prick' and 'good friend' when sorely needed.She shot a skeptical glance in his direction.  "Did you assume this was a date?""No!"  He threw excited arms into the air, with a slight laugh.  "Because your text screamed 'red alert, I'm buying you chinese food for dinner because I need to talk to you about a girl,' which is about as far from the context of 'date' as you can get, even if I didn't know you were..." he motioned around his neck like loosening a necktie.Lynh just stared, utterly nonplussed.  "What?"He scoffed, and shook his head.  "Are you gonna do it?  Whether or not it is a date, I mean."  He rested his fork against the corner of his plastic dish, emptied of orange chicken."I dunno.  It sounds like kind of a silly frivolity, right?  Ear piercings.  I'm totally not the sort of woman who needs different dangles every evening.  Heck, I'd really only go for it if I could get something a bit more edgy, y'know?""So why not do that?"  He raised an eyebrow.  But she sighed in response."I mean, it sounds like a fun activity, but what if it isn’t my first choice?  What if I'd only be doing it to see her, and she'd be thinking she was doing me this great favor towards my 'self expression'?""Then ask her.  If she's serious about it being a friendly thing, she'll turn you down, because it's not the end of the world to ask if something's a date when you thought you were going to just, like, see a movie, or get dinner as friends."She blinked.  "Wouldn't this be a little pricey?  For a date, I mean.  Seems like a lot to pay for a few puncture wounds.""Eh, the jewelry can be.  The hole's the cheap part, but the trick is knowing where to put it.  Anyway, I say you should go for it, because it sounds like you're just making excuses for yourself, now."Lynh huffed, but Gerald shook his head."C'mon.  You'll definitely find something that you think looks good on you.  Plus, even if she says it's not a date it'll save you the money..."But she cut him off.  "Must be easy for you to say; you've got a cush job lined up killing civilians next year, for a cool quarter-million-dollar salary.""It's public tech sector!  It's not military.  Why do I have to keep explaining this?"  Gerald smiled as he undid his black vest, one piece of formalwear which, along with his blue hair and goatee, made him something of a double-oddity among the usually tight-wound, conventional STEM students."Lockheed-Martin is not fucking public sector.  Unless you count the fact that they're--" she heaved her blackpainted nails in a sarcastic pair of airquotes-- "'defense contractors'.  And then you'd have to admit it's basically a military job.""I don't need this."  Gerald chuckled.  He stood from his slump atop the formless gray mound of a chair, tossed his vest down onto it, and dragged it with him.  He nabbed her outstretched carton, now empty, tossing both in the garbage on the way out the door.  "It sounds like you know what you want, though.""Yeah.  Yeah, I think you're right.  Plus, c'mon, I already know what I'm gonna get."  Lynh smiled wanly.  "Thanks, Gar'."She undocked her phone from the wallwort charger, and tapped into the barren, awaiting text-field.  “How’s tonight for you,” she read aloud, thumbpecking each arduous letter.  “I’m in, but only if it’s a date.”--

Nighttime falls fast, blanketing the streets in the warm light cast from the windows of the brick buildings along the long road from downtown.  Diana, her double-breasted, square-shouldered trench coat sweeping the street and swaddled in a scarf, adjusts her baseball cap down tight to her scalp.  It does nothing to keep the wind off, of course, but she'd be damned if she went anywhere but work without it."I actually swapped, last term, into the Linguistics department."  Lynh, placing a careful thumb under her sweaterhood, drops it back against the neckline of her jean jacket to brush her hair behind an ear.  She leans it into the evening air, showing off the fresh adornment for Diana's benefit: three silver rings, two in the upper curve, and one in the lobe.  "Mechanical engineering was just too much of a boy's club."  She drags her hand along the brick half-wall separating them from the little apartments to the north of campus."I guess that makes sense.  What with that class you mentioned earlier, Phones and Memes?"Lynh laughs brightly.  The nervous energy she entered the piercer's with has transmuted into a pixielike sway, suffusing her body with motion as she walks the starlit street.  "Phonemes and Morphemes.  The components of words, in sound and construction.""See, I'm glad you understand what that is, because that sounds like it's above my pay grade.  I'm glad you swapped, then.  You never really struck me as the engineerin' type.""Then you've never seen me with a CNC Router.  I haven't touched one in a while, sadly, but I bet I could still get shit done in a makerspace.  It's just not my true calling, y'know?"  She taps her temple.Diana shrugs.Lynh continues.  "So hey, that's the story of what brought me all the way up to West Lafayette from Monroe, but how about you?  What made you stick it out in this town if not the University?"Diana scratches her scalp, right under the red and white paneled ballcap.  "Aah, it was the University, sorta.  It was years ago, but there was... well, I'd just broken up with this guy, see.""Yeah.""And he was utter garbage, made me wanna just ditch the whole state of dubya-vee for fear I'd see him again and cave his teeth in, so I decided I'd cast a wider net."  Wall and sidewalk disappear as the pair cut south to walk a bypass road.  It winds around to meet back up with one of the main arteries across campus, passing under colorful dogwood trees by little homes."Uh-huh?""And it turns out, when your dating app goes out to a five-hundred mile radius, you meet a lotta int'restin' people that way.  And one was a young lady by the name of Daisy.""Ohhhhhh."  Lynh's voice lilts and falls like a lockpick jinking a final tumbler into alignment.  "And she is...""Was," Diana says, with a defeated shrug, "just a very nice girl.  I'd hate to drag on with specifics, what with this so pointedly bein' a date, 'n' all, but it ended under somewhat... somber terms."Lynh nods with reverence, watching her feet as she walks."Anyway, she lived out here for a while, an' whether or not she still does I found the place charming enough to put down some roots."  Diana sniffs, catching the scent of the cool night breeze.  "Worked all sorts'a odd jobs since then, and that suits me.  Good fer free time, if nothing else."Lynh laughs, but a bitter bolt of cold passes them by, and she winces slightly, shielding her ear."Y'alright?"  Diana puts a caring hand to her shoulder.  "You toughed through all those like a trooper.  Hell, I was surprised when, after all them earholes, you still grinned at Deacon and said you was gettin' your nose done, because 'you'd rather heal 'em all in at once'?"  She appraises Lynh for a moment, letting her pace falter slightly before catching up with long, slow strides.  If nothing else, she had underestimated the young woman's tolerance for pain."Yeah!"  Lynh grins, finger rubbing her lip just under the new nostril stud unconsciously.  "Why not let the endorphins do the work?"A low chuckle escapes Diana's throat.  "Endorphins, shoot.  I knew when I promised I'd get somethin' done with ya' that I'd only be getting the one."  She sticks her tongue between her teeth, half-teasing, half-reminding Lynh of the broad bead now implanted in the center of it.  It elicits a glance and a giggle.  "It's still mighty sore, and I assume yours are too.""Aah, just a little."  The shorter girl's hands drop to her sides, finding her jacket's pockets.  "Guess the excitement wears off and leaves you just a little achey, yeah.""That's the part I usually use whiskey for.""Did'ya know I've never tried whiskey?"  Lynh frowns.  "Or any of it, really.  My family has a bit too much of an affinity for booze, so I'd rather not tug that particular tiger's tail.  Without responsible supervision, of course."  She wrinkles her brow."Hm."  Diana cups the curve of her thumb under her chin, watching Lynh as she keeps step.  "Affinity, huh.  Well, sorry fer bringin' it up, then."  She nods."S'no big.  Ask me a question!"Lynh guides her down a sidestreet, and they sweep south along the golf course, cutting through it past the stadium."What's yer name mean?  It's spelled real funny, I caught a glimpse of your license when you was givin' it to Deac.""Ohh, sure."  Lynh rolls her shoulders, bounce coming back into her step.  "Well, my idiot parents decided they wanted a kid with a really unique name, so they named me Lynhdh," she says, gently teething the soft 't-h' against her tongue.  She spells it out, and Diana laughs incredulously.  "Yeah.  Like 'Linda', but... Gaelic, I think?  We're not even Irish.  Just a pure bastardization.""Shoot, wish I had that good a'story on where mine comes from.  I think my momma just read too many Diana Braund novels."They wander by the parking areas, now devoid of gameday traffic, and through the big playing fields by the student residences."Fun fact, Diana Tremain Braund didn't start writing until 1998, so I don't think that checks out."  Lynh nods sagely.  "Unless you picked up that name after then.""Huh!  Never thought about that."  Another deep chuckle.  "That is a fun fact.  Well, I haven't a darn clue, in that case."  She glances around.  "Geez, we must be gettin' close to your place, huh?"The lyrical dance in Lynh's arms speeds up, and she shoots a look over her shoulder.  "Ooh, I know a shortcut.  Follow me."  Lynh's lip curls, and she weaves her hand into Diana's without ceremony.  Before she can even look down to process the gesture, Diana lets herself be dragged down an offpath, into one of the windowless side tracks between two of the square brick dorms.  While plenty of students still trudge the main paths towards campus at this time of night to get a late dinner or find early parties, Lynh had directed their course someplace relatively hidden from passing view."I bet you know--" Diana starts, rounding the corner of the building at Lynh's insistent pull, but before she can finish the thought, Lynh stops, and doubles back.  She tilts her head to one side playfully, and takes another step.  Diana falls onto her back foot, and rests against the wall with the back of her coat.Lynh glances up at her with those impossibly huge eyes through those blocky glasses, and slowly extends her arms to flank the taller woman's torso, placing her palms against brick.Diana purses her lips, stifling a laugh.  "Shortcut, huh."  She sets her gloved hands on the denim at Lynh's shoulders, keeping her grip loose, relaxed."Of a sorts."  Brushing her prominent canines with her tongue, Lynh smiles, smug."Too inconvenient to do on your doorstep?  Too much paparazzi?""Didn't feel like waiting."  She hesitates, though, for just an instant.  "S'this okay?"Diana gives a deep nod, breaking into a full grin.  "More'n okay."At the full extension of her tip-toes, Lynh can just barely close the gap between their heights, clasping her lips against Diana's with her eyes squeezed shut.  At this distance, she smells a little like some undefinable medley of berries, something earthy, pleasantly sour.  Diana lets it fill her lungs, enjoying the moment where time seems to slow down, and her only expectation is to spend this instant with the pretty, spry young lady so unexpectedly kissing her.  Lynh holds it, letting all the potential energy just... hang there, in the crackling air between their coatclad bodies, in the seconds between warming breaths.  But as the slightest snorted laugh escapes Lynh's nose, Diana's smile flickers, just barely, with discomfort.But she catches herself, biting her lip to fondly chide Lynh.  "Well, ain't you just a good Christian girl, now!"Lynh giggles, shoulders bouncing and lip bit.  "I'm not a Shaker, gawd.""A whut?""Never mind."  Lynh closes her eyes again, bringing the unpierced side of her nose against Diana's in an attempt to press their lips together once more.But Diana abruptly brings the shorter woman to arms length, wincing.  "I'm sorry, I really shouldn't be gettin' kissed by nobody..."Lynh's eyes go wide, and she shrinks a little.  "Oh, no!  Did I not-- should I have been more clear about that?  I thought...""Naw, naw!", Diana lisps, waving off the misconception before embracing Lynh's lower back with a splayed, confident hand.  "Nothin' like that!  I just got my tongue pierced, remember?  It hurts.  You might be a little gentler, is all."Lynh rolls her eyes with a smirk.  "Fine.  Don't use your tongue, then; use mine.""Much obliged."Diana's palms cup Lynh's cheeks, bringing her close again for another gentle, careful kiss.  She will deliver her home safely, in a minute, but for now, Diana chooses to enjoy the act of making someone happy, just by being near at hand for that space between the moments.

Music, JohnHughesmovieish, reverbs the halls of Emeryville High. The banners say 1989, and bookish Nylth, shy, velmahaired, sits at a lunchtable in a packed gymnasium. Fifteen feet of table unoccupied around the toxic reader.A tray clacks and Nylth jumps, dropping rumpled copy of Sexing the Cherry. Hasti, tight black ringletperm bouncing against sepia skin of bare sloughsweater shoulders, sits. She gives a broad smile, shining teeth bared. Like a used-car salesman about to strike. Pennywiseish."So what's your damage?" She points an accusing, limp fry at Nylth, tosses it into her mouth."Nuh?" Nylth smears. Her mouth hangs open, audible gearbox downshift in her mind unprepared for human."My boyfriend. You were kind of a dick to him, right?" Hasti coils her jellybracelets into one thick multicolor spiral, fingerrolling. Long fingers.Nylth knows the rumors. She wonders what Hasti did for them, then discards the urban legend out of hand. Stick to facts. "Silas. Oh, I mean, he was kinda weird the other day. Didn't say anything to him, though-- I thought he was trying to get a rise. Like, make fun.""What would he be making fun of?" Hasti rankles one eyebrow, quizquestioning.Nylth thinks. Bangs, eyes, shoulders, hips, breasts, jeanjacket jeanstyles smile laugh mouth wordchoice librarylife. "Dunno, it was just weird.""He was trying to be nice. You were being a wad."Oh. Oh? Oh. It wasn't a tease, it was a proposition. His smilingteeth, not sharp but kindly, taking a pass at an afterschool special showing athisplace. Hastiwillbethere. "Yeah. Yeah, I'm sorry, you're right." Nylth nods. "I've been a total wad.""Tell it to him, not me. He's off detention next period."I willspring wellspring new ideas, thoughts, fascination? If he wasn't teasing, then...Then perhaps he meant.Nylth springs to her feet. "...you wanna go make out in the stairwell?"Hasti stares, blushing. "...Yeah, okay."

A priestess of Gond got quite thornyWhen Cash let her sleep until morny.'Your chivalry's fine,''but I drank too much wine!''Why does booze make me sleepy, not horny?'

There once was a birdman so cheeky,in explaining why he looked so peaky,'I hope he's not dead''For I rather need head''Aarakocra, you see, are quite freaky.'

From Gandryl, Nylth wanted to ferretHis secret to vim, if he'd share it.'It's nothin' to covet,''Just know where to shove it!'She wondered where he got the carrot.

A gnome was obsessed with the eyeballsof her conquests, and kept them in highballs.But for insects in vialsshe got credit card trials,and got them all out of her Skymalls.

Poor Cash was feeling quite franticFor she ruined an evening romantic.Because after some sass,Nylth had felt up her assAnd she bucked Blue into the Atlantic.

--And here's that song. It's a hymn, sang in churches of Gond during the Tithing of Saint Cirilian, a month-long holiday based on an event which is the subject of the song. (Young priests go out into the fields of their communities and help with farming tasks, because a Saint helped an under-staffed farmer birth some cows in antiquity.) On the left, the 'official' text of the hymn, and on the right, the... other version.The Hymn of Saint Cirilian

We priests of Gond, we smiths of copperMending hearth and tending firebe we each but saint or paupersharpen body, serve the shireWe priests of Gond, up to our eyeballsMending hearth and tending fireEven if we're slightly ribaldThen at least we serve the shire

[Praise Cirilian, Saint Cirilian!][Praise Cirilian, Saint Cirilian!][Praise Cirilian, Saint Cirilian!][Praise Cirilian, Saint Cirilian!]

These, the footsteps of CirilianBuilding new and making wholeIn our vestments of vermilionStoke the forges of the soulBoastful whiner, old CirilianAnnoying Pilgrims is our goalWith this scutwork times a billionYankin' out another foal

Sought he forth from Kefran bordersTraveled he, to homestead boundTaken through the growing quartersCornfield passed, and pasture foundGee, they sure love barkin' ordersAncient tutors, priests so roundSitting here on their hindquartersForcing youngsters out of town!

[Praise Cirilian, Saint Cirilian!][Praise Cirilian, Saint Cirilian!][Fuck Cirilian, fuck Cirilian!][Fuck Cirilian, fuck Cirilian!]

Seeking fences he for mendingCame across a dire need[Tho] he tired and day was endingA call to arms that he did heed

Ah, the luck of Saint CirilianFound the farmer's wife insideFeeling throbbing in his pinionFor she cast her legs so wide

And so on, and so on.

Nylth awoke with a gasp, brow beaded in sweat. She sat up in her bed, in her own home, and brushed her hair from its dishevelment over a horn. In the lowlight, she could see Cash, sleeping next to her; her wife of three years, yes. They'd done what they had needed to do, so they had set out to build a quaint castle, raise a family together, yes. The first part of that? It had gone swimmingly, as town planners tended to look kindly on lubricating a reelection fund with a few platinum, and the mason's guild accepted a couple diamonds here and there. The latter part of the plan had stalled, though.But today, Nylth's eyes flicked in her sockets, to and fro, as though she were reading blueprint notations drawn in the afterglow of the lantern she lit as she tossed her feet out of the bed. She threw on some sturdy workpants, grabbed her smith's apron from the hook on the wall by the door, and prepared to make her exit, not noticing Cash beginning to stir with a complaining murmur.The stars twinkled their uncountable gyre against the sussurating predawn sky as Cash plodded outside, onto the stonework roof above their first-floor atrium. She had always felt discomfited by the thought of living in a proper gothic edifice like this, but the little Wife had insisted, and Cash learned early on that when Nylth needed to follow her passions sometimes all she could do was watch. She'd become more forceful over the last few years, louder and more strident, but Cash had chalked it up to the brashness of pride and the newfound fervor of attachment to her people. But as she passed from the second floor hallway out onto the balcony overlooking the lake, all she heard was the pitched clank of metal against stone interrupting the birdsongs even before she could process her partner's actions.Nylth dug at the masonry with a miner's pick, right at the center of the roof."I saw it, Cash. In my dreams, I've been given a sign.""S'zat so, honeybun?""He showed me. Finally, a sign. It whirled, in my dream, great clockwork motions cantilevering and spinning against each other in a grand celestial alignment. I'm going to build an orrery, isn't that wonderful?"Her next swing finally broke mortar, sending a spray of granite over the banister with a noise loud enough to make Cash wince. She grins over a shoulder, blankish eyes redoubling in width even as Cash noticed the deep creases underneath. She wondered exactly how little Nylth had even slept, and chewed on her tongue. "Seems a bit late to be startin' a project, lemurtits. Why don't we just start on a garden tomorrow mornin'? Plant some tomaytas.""No-- no. Has to be now, no. Just imagine it-- I saw the plans, with the great gears turning in synchrony. Layers of differentials splaying the motion of moons and planets around the sun, all in a scale so big it fills this whole balcony. It'll be lovely. He told me to build it.""Mmkay." Cash loped off with a yawn, back towards the arched door into the hall. "I'll go... make you some coffee, I guess." She scratched at her underarm, trying to ignore the painful tightness of worry beginning to wind itself around her chest."Nng." Nylth took another swing at the cracked brick.

The ripe pink juice bursts from the split skin of the tomato, dressing her teeth in white seedlets and fleshpulp. A thin rivulet rolls down the corner of her deep blue mouth, and she chews slowly, eyes squeezing closed, savoring.Once again, that girl is stealing your tomatoes, right off the vine. You planted those last May in anticipation of a few nice garden salads, but their number has been dwindling ever since they plumped, the hard green spheres fading slowly to red as they engorged and drooped low on the vine. This time, however, you've caught her in the act, and watched her feast on your produce out the window.--You drop the screen door behind you with a clatter. She jumps with the noise, drooped winglets juddering as her shoulders hunch. Giant red eyes whirl toward you and flick open as she turns her head."So you're the lit'lun who's been stealin' my tomaytas. I reckoned it was one of the local deer, but nope, guess it was some other horned critter."Her eyelids bat in sluggish recognition. She takes a step back, but you stride over to her, hand catching her by the offending wrist. She grips the half-eaten fruit tighter, but you smile, hooking your other thumb under the strap of your overalls to rest against bare skin underneath."S'alright! They're meant to be enjoyed. I just want to make sure you're not gonna waste even the slightest drop."You bring a hooked finger under her chin. As you guide her face up, you tilt it sideways to examine the glistening trail of juice escaping towards her thin neck. She's about your age, you figure, but you have a good six inches on her, nevermind the great spiraling ramhorns. From her thin shoulders and stooping posture, you gather she's more used to snitching food around the edges of the local fields than bartering for meals.Your smile breaks to a grin.Your thumb catches the droplet as it moves across her skin, gathering the whole trail to linger expectantly just off of her lips. She shivers as you skim up her neck and around her jaw. Her hot breaths quicken, bathing your hand in summer air."Don't be shy, now."Pert pink tongue darts out of her mouth, length drawing against the callused ridges of your thumb. Her lips part, chest almost heaving for breath as she draws back, scarlet glow enveloping her cheeks."There's plenty more where that came from, but you'd need to lend a hand to earn it. I've got a spare room, too, which I suspect you might need likewise." You nod your head towards the farmhouse, and she shuffles alongside you, still watching you speak. "Cash Diamond," you say, extending a wetted hand to shake. "Proprietor of these here estates."The blue girl gives a wan smile, taking your hand in hers. "Nylth."Just past daybreak the next day, the first probing fingers of golden light creep over the prairie kitchen windowsill of Diamond Ranch, bathing the bare skin of its white-haired farmer in the warmth of a spring morning. She raps a fresh egg against the countertop, and with a practiced flick of the wrist splits it between thumb and palm, but the yolk dribbles out of the fissure and Cash lets it splatter with a chuckle into the mixing bowl."Dammit," she mutters. "Scrambled it is. Again."She pours it into the pan, rolling soft yellow curds into shape. The comfortable scent and sizzle of butter fills the room, and Cash takes a moment to appreciate it with a heady breath. Then she adds a solid handful of green onions, along with some homemade cheddar cheese.Behind her, a rustle, and the muted clank of a potrack disturbed. Cash doesn't turn, but instead splits a second egg into the bowl, then a third, adds a dollop of fresh milk and a dash of salt, and only looks when she hears an effortful grunt from the unexpected guest.Her little blue vandal hunches behind her, having slipped the Farmer Thornton's sourdough from its burlap, and wrestles off a hunk of it with grubby little nails. Each drives a pockmark into the supple crust, and Cash lopes over, putting out her hand to receive the manhandled loaf."I'm glad yer gettin' somethin' to eat, this mornin'. Long day ahead of us, you'll need the fuel."The tiefling blinks, drawing the bread closer to her body, and chews her appropriated portion with an apprehensive, wide-eyed glance."Not gonna hurt ya'. Was gonna show you how to get a piece off, see?" Cash points to the cutting board behind Nylth's back, and she turns, regards it. "Without mangling it fer the rest of us. Here."Her arms wrap around blue shoulders, body abutting the slender nightshirt caped around the smaller girl's biceps. She nestles her head against one long blue ear, letting her unruly mass hair act as a cushion between, but still able to feel the heat radiating off of Nylth's neck. She takes each blue hand in one of her own, motioning one to the knife, and the other to stabilize the loaf of bread. Encompassing fingers move in concert: the slow rasp of a serrated edge against the hard crust takes little enough force that Cash can merely steer and instruct, other hand safely out of its path. She nabs the first slice, slightly misshapen. "And this one's fer me."She smiles, draws back. "I'm makin' you some eggs, too. Toss a few chunks of that nice tomayta in there, and that's good eats."The blue girl blinks, watching her. An unreadable expression curls across her pursed mouth and wide eyes."What is it?" Her guest looks down, and Cash finally catches on. She chuckles. "Oh, yeah. Maybe that's a little offputting, huh."Cash raises her arms and regards herself: gray skin plunging just as far as the eye can see, just as Sehanine made her, with the only thing girdling her modesty being a loose-tied black apron to keep oilspatters from hitting sensitive spots. in the front, in bold white font, it declares:

It was a novelty gift from her sister, one Christmas, in thanks for a starter kit of herb seeds for a windowbox in her big-city apartment."No," Nylth finally squeaks, voice quiet. "Just funny."Cash folds her arms down, bracing her knuckles against bare hips. "If you'd rather I go change, I can before we eat. S'just the same to me.""No. I like this, really." Nylth sneaks towards Cash again, grin turning impish, and straightens herself up with a smile. She plants a fangy, crumb-laden kiss on Cash's lips, tail flicking and face awash with warm, blooming desire."So forward! I'd not expected this sort of advances out of you, young lady.""Says the woman who shoved her fingers in my mouth yesterday.""Alright, alright, too-shay, point taken. Now grab you some eggs, we gotta get out to water the front garden and check the henhouse."

Nylth hefted a sigh, twinned fingers edging up the pads of her glasses to scrub exhausted bruises from her nosebridge. She tapped the haft of her pen against the face of her pocketwatch, nicked ring of brushed silver illuminating the time: half past eleven.Just the perfect way to spend my entire night, she thought. I'll be awake in six hours to help this week's Samaritans cut fresh berries and start the wheat porridges. But instead of sleeping, here I sit-- drudging away at another pile of Codicils, trying to futilely notate any novel thoughts or life records for the archives.The night had stretched long enough that the handwriting on every page had all run together in great illegible smears, and aside from the little doodles and abstract marginalia she could barely bring her eyes to focus. Over the evening, she had barely managed to skim the first quarter of one of the three books she'd hoped to finish tonight. The flame of her sconced lantern flagged, silently complaining for oil.It wasn't her fault she was so distractible! Girls of 13 need to find more stimulating ways to spend their time. Yes, reading through the lifelong journals and intimate exploits of her fellow Gondites mattered immensely-- not just because the elder priests told her it must, but because she had so much to learn, and the sooner she took to their Codicils to find that knowledge the sooner she'd earn her own and strike out into the world. But the actual time spent on it dragged on and on so on a warm summer's night like this, and the air in the basement library was so utterly stagnant, and the stultifying wheeze of the doors just upstairs was beginning to slow as the last residents of the Ministration wing found their way to bed, and soon every stone of the Temple would be silent in its resting place.Better to get to bed than to collapse where I sit, she pondered. If Kenrist finds me down here again come morning he'll use my tail for a jumprope. She thumbed open the second book, fiddling as she prepared to call her evening's work unfinished, and idly skimmed the page, when.

my hair between her fingers like how she would touchthe wings of a butterfly, and braided the stems of cornflowersthere. She kissed me, and on her lips danced and thrummedthe song of summer. May the whole world know that I, AcolyteThaedra, and she, Urvi Skælsborn, are two women in love, andthough she, a dwarf in gingham raised a cowmaid, and I, a tieflingpriestess in my dusty frockcoat and a smile and nowt more Gondgave me, can tumbledown together this hillside of dandelionslaughing just in time for the breathless gasps escaping from her

Nylth snapped the book closed once more, heart clambering for air up through her throat. She piled up the books and, without a second glance to their reshelving cart, scooted them into her bag.This was not even a peccadillo, of course. The Temple was her home, and the library was the Temple, so she was free to borrow and study any tome she wanted, Codicils especially. Priests passed had no secrets, after all, but the sudden throb just behind Nylth's temples made her unable to escape the precise reason why this one had caught her interest.But just as she burst from the archives, she charged headlong into her father-of-sorts, with enough vigor to become momentarily entangled in the folds of his great cassock. That's what she always called him, to company. My father-of-sorts, because when she said 'father' they pressed her for explanations and when she said San they said San who.She had grown so much, this year, but even still she barely came up to his sternum on tiptoes. The curls of his great triangular beard just brushed the top of her head, and he bothered the few wisps of whitish hair still clinging to his scalp and smiled at his adoptive daughter."Nylth," he began, "I was just coming to find you. I knew you were dawdling up late this evening, but--""No time," she murmured, "m'borrowing these Codes so I can..."Huge red eyes blinked. She hadn't had time to think of a convincing lie, because she hadn't realized she might need one."Is everything alright, indigo bunting?"Nylth knew that look of consternation well: between the late hour and her evasive eyeballs, dancing every which-way to avoid his own, he had seen through her deception before it had even been spoken."Did you know her? Acolyte Thaedra? She lived here, only died maybe fifty years ago. One of these is her Codex."San's jowl pulled back in amused ponderance. "Oh, Chaste Thaedra? I think we were acquainted, yes. Never suffered fools, took to her duties well, seemed to especially love the times of year that would bring her down to the farmlands around town. She worked over in the Forge-halls, in the duties your friend Dobrun has now, so we never spent more than a rare mealtime in polite conversation. She was kind, spoke well of her wife.""Wife. Uh-huh."San's eyebrows arch. "Were your evening's duties illuminating?"--Though an unpracticed thaumaturge, Nylth balanced a tiny matchflame at the end of her finger, and the light bloomed under the mound of blankets domed over her bed in the Pilgrim's billet.Nylth's taste for fictive adventures had always mirrored her taste for sweets: too cloying, too singular and flat, too unbelievable. The sweets, she had fed to her father, and he gave her his bitter chocolates, because when she asked what he thought of them he laughed and said that they 'built character'.Never you mind, she always thought. Dry periodicals and darkest chocolates for me, sweets and love stories for you.But this? This was a woman speaking to her from the past-- yes, not just the past, but the past of her own building, and a tiefling like her, and--But it wasn't just that, no. There was something more, the way she talked about that woman.She flipped the book open again, ran her short blue fingers along the chicken-scratched penlines of each page as she drank it in. She read about Urvi, her coarse blondish hair and comely beard tickling Chaste's face as they came together, spent their youths apart but happy. She read about how the tiefling pushed for housing separate from the church upon earning her Codicil, simply to live with the woman she loved.Nylth knew about sex, of course. San had given her The Talk in frank language, and showed her the Gond-standard materials; she had made the requisite faces of disgust, taken the pages to the Archives, and pored over diagrams and dry factoids about birth.But isn't it funny how they always forget to mention love? That even the forward Gondists, who teach protections and care and exploration and safety, forget to mention that at its core, love hefts ships into the air out of the seawrack, and makes watches run without clockwork.Nylth had once been chased around the chapelyard during a libertine hour, by a little girl adamant that she deserved to kiss the tiefling child's face, and San had intervened, not as her father but as an agent of their moral education. He had given the little halfdrowling a lesson that affection was very good, but that her face needed to end where Nylth's began, and that disinterest needed to be regarded as sacrosanct. The little girl had nodded, and apologized, but Nylth had thought nothing of it, certainly not in the heady terms capable a newly-minted teenager.Therein lies the benefit, Nylth thought, to seeing all their lives. The unvarnished thoughts, the grand inventions, the progress of a mind over a whole career, unveiled in a diary: none of that matters on the same scale as this.That was the day when Nylth discovered the spark.

Connie looked down at the picture of her quarry on her phone. It was silly, she knew, she didn’t need a photo to remember the Pilot’s face, his grey skin and pointed ears made him stand out. The phone call she had received that morning had reminded her of an old spy movie however and she hadn’t seen the harm in playing through some of the tropes with Steven, it was fun.Her mother had come into her bedroom, partway through her preparations for work to tell her that Pilot had wanted her on the phone. She’d groggily gotten out of bed, put on some slippers and made her way to the home phone, she’d tried her best not sound sleepy as she put the phone to her ear. “Pilot? What time is it?”“It’s morning.”Connie made a mental note, never ask a kelmep what time it is. She looked over to the clock on the wall, it had just gone 6 o’clock, in the morning, during a summer break. She suppressed a groan. “What do you want?”“Your training mission today is to find me, I’ll be in disguise somewhere on the boardwalk. Steven said he’d meet you at the Big Doughnut.”He had hung up before she could ask further questions, so her mother had dropped her at the bus stop on the way to work and she had taken a bus down to the boardwalk. She had met Steven where Pilot said he would be and the two had spent a good few of hours searching the boardwalk. It was summer so the area was full of unfamiliar faces, tourists, surfers, and day-trippers mostly.Connie thought how odd they must seem peering into the faces of all these strangers. They had entered Fish Stew Pizza where Connie had suggested a stakeout. After an hour they had bought a pizza. It was just like the date they had planned all those weeks ago before Roxillan had shown up.They had finished the pizza and paid an hour ago. Connie was getting frustrated that she had not seen any sign of Pilot since receiving the phone call. The conversation she had been having with Steven had dried up, her eyes were glued to the window, she took a sip from her drink and grimaced. “Do you want the rest of this Steven?”“Alright?” He took the cup from her and had a sip. “Bleugh!” The drink was too bitter for him as well.“If neither of you like coffee,” Jenny asked from the counter, “why did you order it?”“Because you drink coffee on stakeouts!” Connie snapped.“All right. Calm down.”The girl sighed. “Sorry. Pilot’s been hiding from us all day and it’s getting me down.”“Is this another one of those training things?”“Yeah…” Steven answered.Jenny, like most of the long-term citizens of Beach City, had for a while been vaguely aware that Steven and Connie trained to fight corrupted gems. Recently however the training had become more involved and… strange. Every so often Pilot would come through town in the morning and ask a few people, sometimes including her, to simply announce it out loud if they saw Steven or Connie that day. The first few times this happened she sometimes saw glimpses of the pair creeping and hiding in an almost comically over-the-top way. At later times she saw no trace of them, sometimes Pilot would give her a trinket and ask her to hold onto it for the day, later she would check her pocket to find it gone.Eventually she and a few others had gotten worried about the goal of such training and confronted Pilot. She hadn’t fully understood his explanation, but she believed that the gist was that they were training to get something called a black spindle from an evil gem called White Diamond. Relieved to find he wasn’t training the children to be pickpockets, Jenny and the others had agreed to continue helping with their training.“Maybe you could ask Kiki when she gets back.” She suggested. “They’re dating after all.”“What! Really?” Steven asked excitedly.The teenager was about to answer when a new customer entered the establishment. She had long blonde hair and wore a designer skirt and crop top along with matching heels. “Welcome to Fish Stew Pizza! What can I get for you?” Said Jenny.The tourist didn’t even bother to raise her sunglasses or stop chewing her gum to respond. “Salad and a coffee.” She had one of those annoying voices that people who believe they deserve the world by virtue of existing often have.“Okay that will be $6.28.”The woman handed Jenny a $50 note from her purse and took her change without even making eye contact. She sat on a far table and proceeded to put on a set of wireless earbuds. Jenny delivered her order to the table before heading over to Steven and Connie.“So how do you know that Pilot is dating your sister?” Connie asked.“It’s not official yet, but a twin knows. She goes out running with him at least once a week. And he’s been dropping by here more often. Of course it helps that I accidentally walked in on them when they were about to ki-“The stranger’s head snapped up. “Don’t you think it’s rude to talk about your sister’s private life like that?”While Jenny was surprised the tourist had heard anything through her earbuds, Connie’s mind, trained to be perceptive of little details, was surprised to hear such concern for a stranger’s privacy coming from someone who had until now seemed self-centered and thoughtless to others. She got out of her booth. “I just have to use the bathroom.” She lied.As she walked past the woman she focused her hearing. No sound was coming from the earbuds, she had been spying on them the whole time. Connie glanced over her. Whilst her entire demeanour and outlook suggested she had never done a day’s manual work in her life, her hands disagreed. They showed hardening and the scars of old grazes, especially around the knuckles, as one would expect from one who engaged in regular fistfights. She stopped fully and looked the woman in the face. Now she had a proper look it was clear to Connie that this woman was wearing hair extensions, what’s more her natural hair ended at the precise length of the one she was looking for. The perception filter fell apart.“Pilot!”“Ms. Maheswaran.” He smiled. He took off the sunglasses and the other two present gasped in surprise and rushed over. “Sorry about how I treated you Jenny. I couldn’t take these off without breaking the filter and I needed a personality to justify that. Here’s a tip for your trouble.” He handed her a $20 bill.Jenny took it with surprise.“Was that the right amount for a tip?” He asked, pulling out the blonde hair extensions that clashed horribly with his natural hair colour.She looked down at the money and thought of the concert tickets she was saving up for. “Yes.”“So what now?” Steven inquired.“I think Pearl had some regular combat training lined up if there was time, so we should head to the temple. I just need to get changed and I’ll be right with you.”

Pilot left the restaurant’s bathroom in his spacesuit holding a small backpack containing his disguise and his helmet, which peaked out of the opened top.“How do you change so fast?” Steven asked as they were walking down the boardwalk.“It’s a required skill to get around unnoticed. You’ll learn.”“All those brand-name clothes must of cost you a lot.” Connie mused.Pilot lowered the bag to Connie’s height and shifted his helmet. “They’re mostly cheap knockoffs Axi redid the logos of. I was hoping it would be one of the things that gave me away.”The girl rummaged around in the bag to inspect the clothing. “Where’s the padding?” She wondered aloud, not thinking.“What padding?”Realizing what she had said, Connie half covered her face with embarrassment. “No! It’s nothing! Just forget I said anything.”Concerned, Pilot stopped just past the Big Doughnut where the crowds started to thin. “No, tell me. It is important that you understand all the aspects of the art of disguise. You don’t have to be embarrassed, I won’t be offended.”“Well… For that.” She pointed to a rather plain bra.Though he hid it well, it was now the Pilots turned to be embarrassed. “Oh.”“For what?” Steven huddled in as Pilot half pulled the item out. Steven breathed in sharply and took a few steps back, his face red as a beet. He opened his mouth to say something but then realized that for all the female figures in his life, shockingly few of them had the biological features necessary for concerns of this nature to crop up often. He was blatantly underequipped for this conversation.“Why don’t you go on ahead Steven.” Pilot suggested. The pair watched him turn the corner, when he was out of earshot Pilot returned his attention to Connie with a slow shake of his head. “There wasn’t any, that was… That was all me.”“But they were bigger.” Connie pointed out.“I keep in strapped down most of the time. I find them… Unmanly.”“Isn’t that uncomfortable?”With little other recourse, Pilot began to laugh at the pure awkwardness of it all. “You get used to it.”Connie laughed to. In a way it was cathartic to talk about this kind of stuff to someone. Her mother had always said Connie could come to her with any ‘woman questions’ but there were still things that felt uncomfortable to bring up. “It’s hard to believe you’re only about four years older than me.”“How much is that?”“Not much. But look at me! I still look like a kid!”“Well you are a kid.” Pilot teased.“Hey!”He chuckled. “Sorry, sorry. But seriously, you have plenty of time to grow up. Don’t worry about it!”“What if I grow up all gangly or get spots?”“With your mom’s genetics?” Pilot replied. “That and the amount of exercise you do, you’ll probably grow up looking…” He stopped as a stranger passed them. “Like that…”The lady had a slightly lighter skin tone to Connie and very frizzy hair tied up in buns, she was a noticeable amount taller than Pilot and possessed an athletic beauty. Her gait was one that showed she was confident and aware of her charms. It was different to the walk Pilot had put on with his disguise however, hers was a friendlier step. She looked the pair up and down. “So that’s what you were like.” She smiled, turned and walked away.“Pilot?” Said Connie. “Pilot? Pilot!” She waved her hand in front of his face.“Huh? Connie?”“We should catch up with Steven.”“Yeah… I mean, yes, let’s go.”They began to walk along the beach towards the temple. Just before they turned the corner Pilot signalled for Connie to stop. The pair listened carefully they heard a familiar booming laugh. Pilot slipped into a gap in the rubble by the cliff and signalled for Connie to keep going.On the porch with Steven were his father, Garnet, Amethyst and Pearl who were listening to Mighty Spark, who was coming to the end of a humorous anecdote. “So I pull the bedsheet off the dragon and the warlord is never heard from again! Oh! If it isn’t young Connie. What kept you?”“Nothing really.”“Really? Because Steven here said you were talking to Pilot. Maybe you need your eyes tested boy! Ha ha! Or Pilot is looking to show his old man what he can do perhaps?” He got up and hopped over the porch’s railing onto the beach.“What does he mean by that?” Greg asked his son.“Whenever Pilot meets Mighty Spark out in the open, he usually fights him.”“What? But I thought Mighty Spark was on our side. Wasn’t he the guy who raised Pilot or something?”“I think they do it for fun.” Connie answered, joining them on the porch.“They bonded over their training while the Pilot was growing up.” Garnet explained. “Though I have to admit Mr. Spark’s training style can be… Extreme.”Mighty Spark walked along the shoreline. “I wonder where Pilot could have gotten to? He could be any-. Oh!” He happened across a length of rigging that had washed up on shore, roughly as long as his arm, a knot tied in one end. He picked it up in one hand and with the other removed all of the algae and ocean critters attached to it in one fluid motion. “If you want to play games upstart why don’t we play… Swat the knot!” He grinned playfully.“Are. You. Serious!” Pilot yelled as he sprang from cover, somewhere between confusion and embarrassment. Everybody else looked on in surprise.“Of course I am!” He beamed. “Have you forgotten the rules? It’s very simple, what you do is-““Yes, I remember the rules! You aren’t taking this seriously at all!”“We used to play this all the time!” Mighty Spark explained to the audience.“When I wore floral print dresses and played with Legos!”“You still play with Legos!”“I’m exercising my spacial reasoning. It’s different. I’ve grown up since then.”“Of course you have. With both mine and Pearl’s training, your skill is improving every day. You might even be ready to try walking on water again. Do your remember what I said?”“Use the warp to push the water away from you.” Pilot recited. “I sunk like a rock before throwing myself out of the water like a rocket.”“You nearly broke your neck when you landed. And now I see why. You didn’t listen to me at all! That is nothing like what I said.” He laughed.“Then what did you say?”Mighty Spark offered to the knotted rope with a smirk.Pilot sighed before rising to the bait. At warp speed he sprinted forward reaching for the knot. At equal speed however, the knot had moved, flicked up into the air. Leaping after it, Pilot found it had whipped over to his mentor’s side.To the audience, Mighty Spark’s arm became a blur and Pilot seemed to vanish and reappear in new poses and positions, his hands where the knot had been a mere fraction of a second ago. Mighty Spark began backing down the beach, his old apprentice following him, sometimes only inches away from victory. “This is faster than usual.” Pilot observed.“Well as you said, you’ve grown up!” The old man laughed.“And grown out of this!” Pilot span in the air and brought down his heel. It was the same kick he had tried on Pearl in their first practice duel, but they had refined it since then and it had a speed like lightning and cracked down like thunder.Mighty Spark barely had time to raise his arm and block the attack. “That kick’s gotten stronger. I’m impressed.” With a brief flick of his wrist he was holding Pilot’s ankle. He proceeded to throw him out to sea. He stepped onto the ocean and skated out to him. “Are you sure you are ready to learn this?”“Of course I am!” Pilot responded, treading water.“Very well. To start off with you can’t push an entire water column, the warp will not conduct that far outside of your body. You need to separate yourself from the water.”The Pilot closed his eyes and the nodes on his suit hummed into life. If Mighty Spark hadn’t caught him by his arm he would have plummeted to the bottom of the sea. As it was he dangled from his mentor’s hand as if the water around him had become air, having lost all buoyancy. “What did I do wrong this time?” He asked as the suit switched off and he began to float again.“When I said don’t push the water, that didn’t mean you should let it push you. Of course it swallowed you.” He let go of Pilot’s arm.“Then what did you mean? Of course the water’s gunna push me if I don’t push back.”“When you understand, you will be ready.”“Which page of Being a Cryptic Ass Old Man for Dummies did you get that from?”“Just after the bit about letting your upstart kid apprentice make his own way back to shore!” He replied skating back to the beach.

As Pilot got to shore he saw Mighty Spark smiling apologetically as Pearl stood before him, a hand on her hip. Her gaze turned to Pilot. “You know we keep combat training to the sky arena Pilot! What if a human had wandered onto the beach?”Connie’s mobile rang with a tone she had set specifically for her mother. She took a few steps back to take the call.“I know, I’m sorry. I just wanted to get the drop on…” Pilot stopped. Out of the corner of his eye he saw mounting concern on Connie’s face.“Is aunt Kashi all right? Don’t worry, I’m with the gems now, I’ll tell them.” She hung up.“Is everything all right Connie?” Mighty Spark asked.She shook her head. “There are corrupted gems in Koras Maatrbhoomi.”“How do you know?” Pearl inquired.“My mom just called me; it was on the news. At least two ran into the city, raided some factories and fled into the old temple.”“Corrupted gems aren’t normally that aggressive.” Garnet observed. “We have to get over there and investigate.”“Is there a warp pad near the city?”“Yes.” Pearl replied. “We don’t use it much because it’s in the middle of civilisation.”“Well we gotta use it now!” Exclaimed Amethyst. The other gems along with Steven, Connie and Pilot followed her up the steps.“May I join you?” Asked Mighty Spark. “I would very much like to see how Steven and Connie fair on their home planet.“If you’d like.” Answered Garnet.Everyone entered the beach house. Pearl noticed her student was unarmed. “Where’s your sword Connie?”Connie took what seemed to be a small stack of painted paper out of her pocket. She gave to light shake and it immediately unfolded into a sword. “Pilot showed me how to fold it up a few days ago.” She folded up her weapon again and returned it to her pocket.Everyone apart from Greg stepped up to the warp pad. “I’ll watch the house while you’re gone.”Garnet activated the warp pad and they were all lifted up into the warp.Mighty Spark looked around the stream of blue. “It’s just like you said Pilot. A web of warp energy tying the planet together. For all the people in the multiverse to discover warp energy don’t you find it odd that Archibald was the only one to figure out how to punch through to other dimensions with it?”“Wait. So the stuff the warp pads use is the same as what makes you and Pilot faster?” Asked Steven.“That’s right Steven. Warp energy is the stuff that bends and manipulates space-time directly. Almost anything that circumvents the speed of light uses warp energy to some degree.”“It’s also what’s between dimensions.” Pilot elaborated. “That’s why manipulating it is necessary to make portals. It can also be used to stabilize black holes, which is how I think Homeworld ships can go faster than light.”“But that’s enough about that.” Smiled Mighty Spark. “Tell me about this city we’re going to. Chorus something did you say?”“Koras Maatrbhoomi.” Connie answered. “Koras for short, The name means Motherland Gallery in Hindi, It’s the capital of India.”“It is?”“Yes. My aunt lives there.”He looked down at the girl in some confusion before pulling out a map from one of his cargo short’s pockets. “All right, so there’s a shift in earth typicality Pilot didn’t tell me about, could you point to Koras on this map for me?”Connie raised her finger to where India was on most world maps but then stopped. The map was similar to those she had seen all her life but then there were stark differences. She recognized almost no place names below the country level. The northern part of Africa extended further west than it should have, multiple islands were missing and the Russian sea was gone. “Mighty Spark? What sort of map is this?”Mighty Spark was about to answer when he was interrupted by a series of thuds. They had arrived on Koras Maatrbhoomi’s warp pad and Pilot had immediately fallen down a set of stairs.

Pilot stood up at the bottom of the steps, half-wrestling what he had tripped over. “Who puts a signpost on sensitive alien techno- oh.”The notice he had been fighting was written in multiple languages, a couple of which he could read, it read, “Attention! Please do not touch the altar. Thank you.”Looking back the way he’d fell Pilot saw that the warp pad was on a short, conical, and stepped structure. The wider area seemed to be an ancient open-air temple. Unlike the structure of the warp pad was on, which resembled gem architecture, the temple itself seemed to be built with more primitive tools, there were distinctly Indian parts of the architecture, but some parts were off, yet familiar in a way he wasn’t sure of.It was late evening and it appeared the temple was closed for the day, the only ones to witness the arrival was a pair of shocked security guards. They frightenedly pointed their flashlights at the trespassers. “Tum kaun ho? Aap kahaan se aaye hain? Vedee se door ho jao!(1)” One yelled.Pearl stepped forwards, raising her arm in a non-hostile manner. “Do not be alarmed!” She announced slowly and clearly. “We are the Crystal Gems and we are here to protect you!”The guards did not move, their faces showed non-comprehension along with fear.Mighty Spark lent forward and whispered, “You might want to try again in the local lingo.”“You can’t expect me to know every language on earth!” Was the hushed reply.“You’ve been on earth for how many thousands of years?”“Humans have a lot of languages, and they keep changing!”Whilst Pearl and Mighty Spark bickered in low voices, Connie stepped forwards. “Ye log ratn hain. Ratnon ne is vedee ka nirmaan kiya. Ham yahaan hamalaavar raakshason se nipatane mein madad karane ke lie hain.(2)”The guards slowly lowered their flashlights. “Vaastav mein? Khair, mujhe lagata hai ki ham aapako tab jaane de sakate hain.(3)"“Dhanyavaad.(4)” Connie replied. She looked up at the pair who had stopped their argument to look at her. “They say we can go now.” She started walking down the steps.Steven was the first to follow her down as the group made their way out of the temple. “Connie, you can speak Indian?”“The language is called Hindi Steven.”“Sorry!”“That’s okay. Hang on a moment.” The group had reached the front gate and one of the guards was unlocking it to let them out. “Ham vaapas aa rahe hain, hamen ghar paane ke lie vedee ka upayog karane kee aavashyakata hai.(5)” The guard nodded in what he hoped was an understanding manner in response to the girl. As they passed out into the street, Connie continued. “As I was saying, a lot of my family comes from India and they don’t all speak English.”“Well that’s pretty cool!” Said Amethyst. “But which way do we go now?”“The news report said the corrupted gems went to the old temples. They are about 50 miles south of Koras. We should head that way and see if we can find some transport.” Garnet said.The group began to travel south, talking as they walked. “So, Connie,” Pilot asked, “do you speak any other languages?”“Well I’ve learned to speak French and Spanish at school, I also know a bit of Japanese. Do you speak any languages?”“Well, I don’t mean to brag, but I can speak those languages fluently. I can also speak Latin, German, Italian, Mandarin Chinese, Elvish, Dwarfish, Locoroco, Mermaid, and Giant. I also innately know Conceptual of course.”“Innately?” Steven queried.“Oh yeah! Us kelmep can speak, read, and write Conceptual from the moment we are physiologically capable. It’s inborn, some would call it a blessing of the Chorus.”“What chorus?” Pearl asked.“Do you mean that one you yell about sometimes?” Amethyst guessed. “I’ll be honest I have no idea what you’re talking about when you do that. You do sometimes seem a little crazy.” She shoved him playfully.“Amethyst!”“No no Pearl, she’s sort of right.” Pilot insisted. “It’s not madness, it’s religion.” As he expected, he got blank stares all around, except from Mighty Spark of course who already knew. “Most kelmep believe that when they are born, their souls are drawn from a vast choir of kelmepi voices and when they die their souls return there. Kelmep sometimes beseech the Chorus to preserve them in hard times or to disrupt malevolent forces.”“I see.” Pearl nodded. “Where is this ‘choir of souls’?”Pilot laughed. “Isn’t that the question! Legend said that the Chorus used to reside on an island called Wathin. It was undetectable to mortal senses however, not that it matters since the island was apparently swallowed up by a great flood.”“But if something is undetectable, how did you know it exists?”“We don’t. That’s the power of faith though isn’t it.” He saw that Pearl started to look at him like he was a bit mad. “Personally, I can’t tell you for sure. I refer to the Chorus more out of habit than anything else. It’s like how humans in some universes worship gods even though there is no evidence for them in most universes.”They approached the outskirts of the city proper.

On the southern outskirts of Koras Maatrbhoomi was an industrial district. Tourist destinations and residential buildings started to give way to factories, one of the furthest out factories seem to be abuzz with activity. As the group approached, they saw police cars, police tape, and finally a large hole smashed in the factory’s outer wall.“That must be the factory the corrupted gems attacked.” Pearl stated as they all stood a good distance away from the crime scene.“It would be good to get in there.” Mighty Spark mused. “It might give us some insight as to what they were after.”Pilot offered his little white card. Garnet considered the suggestion before rejecting it. “Even with identification I don’t think any of us could pass for a local detective. Unless you bought any of your perception filters.”He shook his head. “Most people in this world are pretty chill with funny looking people so I didn’t think to bring them.”Suddenly, Steven had an idea. He caught Connie’s eye and they fused. “I could pass for a detective!” Stevonnie asserted.“Good evening Stevonnie.” Garnet smiled, always happy to see a spontaneous fusion.“Can I have some warning the next time you do that! Children melting into each other is not a common occurrence where I come from!” Mighty Spark gave himself a moment to get over his surprise. “But anyway, you said you could be a detective?”

“Are you sure you know what you’re looking for?”“What do you think Pilot has been training me to do for the past months?”The old man laughed. “It takes more than a few months to master investigation! And anyway, you aren’t worried that will stand out?” He pointed at the stone on their exposed stomach.Stevonnie realized the problem and tried fruitlessly to pull down Steven’s shirt. When that failed, they shrugged. “I can always change into a bigger shirt.”Pilot looked at them in shock. “No you can’t!”

“If Connie’s mom hears we let you see yourself without a shirt, us lot are as good as dead!”“What do you mean by-,” Stevonnie turned red from the realization before punching him in the arm. “Pilot!”“Besides!” Pearl hastily added. “We don’t have any clothes your size.”Pilot laughed, rubbing his arm. “That to.” Suddenly, he stood at attention as his ears twitched slightly under his helmet. “We should get out of the road, car’s coming.”As they bunched up on the side of the road a large Jeep rolled by, its side doors depicted a bull elephant’s head in portrait, rested on its tusks with its trunk laid over the top were the letters KMDP.A man on the back seat, seemingly in his late 40s, took notice of the group and got his drivers attention. The vehicle reversed and stopped in front of them. The driver got out and went to open the door for his passenger only to find that they had gotten out by themselves. He was slightly shorter than average, but his posture and uniform made him look taller. The olive uniform was similar to those of the police officers they had seen around Koras, but he had shiny gold buttons and his epaulets bore gold stripes, the symbol on his Jeep was embroidered on his shirt and embossed on a gold badge on his cap. In body he was doing well for his apparent age, only slightly on the larger side. He had a small moustache kept meticulously trimmed, his expression was that of a straight-faced professional though marked by a history of all-nighters. He looked them over from left to right and back again. “You are the gems?”“Yes.” Garnet replied.He smiled a smile small but genuine. “My name is Arnav Laghari, I am the Commissioner of the Koras Maatrbhoomi Department of Police. Two days ago, monsters ransacked that factory. One hour ago, we get reports that you appeared in a temple out of nowhere offering to help. Of course, I’ve heard stories of gems, you’ve been dealing with things like this for far longer than we have, and so we are officially recognizing you as a task force. Anything we can provide you with, don’t hesitate to ask.”Everyone apart from Garnet was too surprised by the offer to immediately respond. “Thank you, Commissioner. We were hoping to take a closer look at the crime scene.”

As they got closer, they saw the factory was on the banks of a wide, slow-moving river. Police were standing around to keep civilians out, but the Commissioner got them through. Tables have been set up and evidence markers had been placed. Pilot glanced around. “Well, I have some theories. But what do you think Stevonnie? Let’s see how your detective skills are doing.”Stevonnie approached a marker near the hole in the factory and looked down. “Footprints. I think they stood here for a moment, it’s pretty even and it’s from after they smashed the wall since it’s made in the rubble.” They carefully stepped over to another one and hovered their hand over the print, fingers splayed in a V to match the shape.” I think there are two of them, but they probably look quite similar, they both have cloven hooves, this one’s a bit smaller though. Then again, it might just be its feet that are small, this one’s legs are further apart.”Pilot clapped his hands. “Very well done, although…”“Did I do something wrong?”“No, your assumptions are fair considering what you were looking at. It’s just that there may be a way to tell for sure.” He gestured towards the table, on it was a beaten and bent security camera.“That… That is what I was going to check next.”“I’m sure it was. Commissioner, did we get anything from the camera?”“We salvaged a few stills, that’s it.”“A few stills may be enough.”An aide brought over a file and opened it up, they looked upon the first picture. The corrupted gems indeed had cloven hooves and were both about the size of a horse. One was a turquoise colour; it was stag like in appearance except for its mane, which went down its neck and half covered its eyes. The other one was slightly more compact and bulkier; it was orange with rust coloured patches and overall it resembled a goat with curled horns ending in thagomizer-like spikes and its jaws were full of sharp teeth.One detail surprised them. “People are riding them!” Exclaimed Pearl. The two people in the picture were clearly humanoid, though they were entirely covered up by clothing.“We didn’t disclose that detail to the press.” The Commissioner explained. “We didn’t think it was a good idea to tell people monsters like this could be tamed by humans.”“They can’t.” Garnet stated. “Their minds aren’t stable enough to remember training, only someone physically stronger than them could possibly control them.”The Commissioner shook his head. “What sort of human could be stronger than-,”“Not a human.” Stevonnie pointed at the neck of the individual riding the stag-like gem.Pilot took out a tiny magnifying glass and held it over where Stevonnie was pointing. Sure enough, there was a minuscule patch of bare flesh. “Grey skin.”“Do you think it’s-,”“Roxillan.” Pilot said grimly. “We need to find out what she was doing here. Let’s look at the other stills.”The second photo showed the ram’s rider had dismounted and their mount was lining up its head with the wall. “Who’s that person with her?” Asked Amethyst.“They’re too well covered up to tell for sure, the shoulders are too close together to be a human male, but they lack secondary female characteristics, quite skinny, possible eating disorder if they’re human. Wearing studded leather armour under their clothes. Armed, but with anachronistic weapons, looks like a short sword and a rather oddly shaped shield.” From the angle they had been seen in the stills only the back of the shield could be seen, it seemed to be a symmetrical, though rather spiky shape, like a haphazard many pointed star, except the lines between each point were comprised of single elegantly curving lines. “Pearl? If White Diamond were to send a gem on a stealth mission, what sort would she send?”“A Clear Quartz…”“A Quartz soldier? What would her capabilities be?”“Well they’re stealth fighters, they can’t naturally make weapons like other Quartzes and they’re not quite as durable. They make up for it by the fact they are entirely invisible apart from their gem which is transparent. But why do you ask?”“Nothing really. This just proves our suspicions, Roxillan has her finger in Homeworld politics. Either she has enough clout to requisition a Clear Quartz or she has enough sway over White to draw her interest to raiding warehouses in India.” He ignored the shocked faces around him. “Let’s look at the last, still shall we?” The view in the last still was completely obscured by dust and rubble. “Well that’s not helpful. What am I meant to learn from this? They knocked a bloody great hole in the wall? I got that already!” He gestured at the hole and threw the picture on the table in an annoyed fashion. “Well, I guess that leaves it to us. Stevonnie! You look inside. I’ll look out here. Everybody else, try not step on anything important!”Pilot started investigating the hoofprints Stevonnie had found while Stevonnie stepped through the hole to start their investigations. There was a brief flash of light. “Are you all right in there?” Pearl called.“We’re okay!” Steven’s voice replied.“We can cover more ground this way!” Connie explained.The Commissioner couldn’t mask his surprise. “Are those children?”“Yes.” Garnet replied bluntly.Pilot, barely looking up, chimed in. “Don’t worry about it though, they’re under a mountain of care and responsible supervision. They’re Garnet’s fusion protégés, Pearl’s knightly wards, my apprentices, the old man’s grandapprentices,”“That’s a made-up word.” Mighty Spark deadpanned.“and Amethyst is here to.” Pilot finished.The Commissioner, though usually quick witted, knew himself to be out of his depth and had sort of switched off after the first mention of Diamonds. “As long as they don’t hurt themselves.”Pilot nodded and went back to his work. He didn’t look up as Amethyst began to walk towards him. Suddenly his arm sprang out and caught Amethyst’s foot. He took a pinch of rock dust from where she was about to step and released her.“You all right fly boy?”“I’m doing pretty good Amethyst.” He sprinkled the dust into his hand, watching it closely. “Examining ‘fine rocks’ has become a passion of mine.” His helmet displayed a winking face and he snickered.She laughed with him as she sat down on the ground beside him. When the laughter stopped, she came back to her more serious point. “Are you worried?”He took off his helmet, gave a playful salute to the again astounded Commissioner, before returning his attention to his friend. “About what?”“You know… Roxillan.”Pilot smiled, genuinely from his spinning heart. “What about her? Look Amethyst, I’ll admit I have a lot of baggage around her, she’s my stepsister, but for you guys, and this world, I can put that aside. Losing Roxillan hurts but losing even one of you would hurt so much more now. Without that power over me, what is she? A mad lady with a spear. And I train with Pearl all the time!” They both laughed again. “She has pawns, we have friends. There’s only a couple of them, there’s…” He lent up close to the gem’s ear and whispered, “I want to look smart in front of the Commissioner. How many of us are there?”

“There’s Sir heaven of us, and I like those odds!”“Me too fly boy, me too.”Steven poked his head out of the building. “I think we know what happened in the here now!”

Pilot jumped up, rubbing his hands together. “Well talk us through it then!” He and the gems stood at the hole.Steven and Connie began to show them around the room, Steven took a small box of pencils off a shelf. “As you can see appears to be a storeroom for school supplies, pencils, erasers, and…”“Textbooks!” Connie announced, holding up a math book dramatically. The pair of them had in reality figured out the crime scene pretty quickly, but they had held off on calling everyone as they debated how theatrical they should be. On the one hand they wanted seem mature and responsible, on the other hand, Pilot always showed off a bit when he did something like this. Eventually fun won out so they used up another couple of minutes rehearsing. She began walking along the shelves. “We have pallets of books on math, geography, history, English, Hindi, and then we have this!”One of the shelves in the back corner had been collapsed entirely, leaving a pile of unhooked shelves, splinters of broken pallets, and books. “As you can see from the other shelves, the books are stacked three pallets high, and each pallet has its own type of book.” Steven explained. “We looked over this pile and there are pretty much only two books in it! Any guesses as to what Roxillan wanted?”Pilot folded his arms with pride and displayed a smile on his helmet. “She’s researching a particular topic. If we find out what book’s missing, we’ll know what she’s trying to discover.”Pilot was about to go ask the Commissioner for the stock records of the room when Connie interrupted him. “That’s what we thought, you remember how we said the pile was ‘pretty much’ two books? Well at the bottom of the pile were a few of these books.” She held up a book with a blank black cover. “They must’ve fell off the pallet as they pulled it out.”“What’s it about?”

Pilot quickly flicked through the pages. “It’s a sketchbook, a blank sketchbook!”“Do you know what this means? Because we aren’t sure.”The Pilot thought for a moment before shrugging. “I don’t know either and anyway, we don’t have all the data so we shouldn’t jump to conclusions. We should get what information we can from the Commissioner and head off to investigate ourselves.”As they exited the factory, they saw that the Commissioner was preparing to leave. “Ah! Gems! I was just about to file the report, do you have anything else to add?”“They stole a pallet of sketchbooks.” Steven smiled proudly.“I see, do you have any idea why?”“We have a few guesses.” Pilot interrupted. “But we’ll have to investigate further to see if any pan out. Before you go, I was hoping you could answer a few of our questions.”

“The news reports we saw said the corrupted gems retreated back to the old temple south of here. How do you know? Did someone follow them?”“No. It’s an educated guess based on the fact they fled upstream along the Koras River.” He gestured to the river flowing into the city beside them. “The river flows straight through the old temple, it’s the only large structure that way for miles. Not to mention there being stories of creatures resembling the monsters that attacked tonight haunting the old temple.”“A fair assumption.”“If you know where they are,” Amethyst questioned, “why don’t you go get them? You have to have a SWAT team or something.”“Amethyst!” Pearl chided. “Humans are fragile! You shouldn’t encourage them to fight corrupted gems!”“I wasn’t P! I was asking why they haven’t already!”Pilot gently pushed the pair away from each other. “It’s a fair point, humans don’t usually withdraw from strange situations until it bites them on the butt.” His mind began to drift away. “It’s kind of cute! Like stopping a kitten from licking an electrical socket.”Mighty Spark cleared his throat.“Right. Bad analogy. What is keeping you away?”The Commissioner put the analogy aside for a moment. “It’s said that the old temple is haunted.” He caught the numerous raised brows. “I’m not saying it is! But every record we have of someone entering the temple either has them go missing or fleeing back to the city in terror before suddenly forgetting what frightened them.”Pearl rested a hand on her hip and turned her head slightly. “That’s odd…”“What is?” Mighty Spark inquired.“Amethyst and I explored that temple only 400 or so years ago. There wasn’t anything in there that was particularly scary, it was just a normal abandoned temple. Do you remember anything strange Amethyst?”“Nope. It was kind of dark in places and doors sometimes closed behind you but other than that…”“Maybe something new has moved in.” Pilot suggested. “Roxillan could have installed some conceptual tricks if she’s been here long enough.”The Commissioner shook his head. “The records go back to over 3000 years ago.”Pilot flashed a grin on his helmet at Amethyst and Pearl. “Well, if the temple didn’t scare you last time, it shouldn’t scare us this time.” He stepped away, looking upriver.“So, you intend to go to the old temple.”“Yes.” Garnet replied. “You don’t have to worry about them coming back Commissioner, we’ll take care of it.”“You have my thanks. And of course, if there is anything we can provide to assist you, you need only ask.”Garnet was about to politely turn down the Commissioner’s request when Pilot perked up. He sprang back towards them ending up half dangled over Garnet’s shoulder. “Can we have your car?”

Pilot sauntered towards the Jeep, one arm held his helmet, the other tossed the keys up and down. He grinned triumphantly.“I can’t believe you let him take that nice man’s car.” Pearl sighed to Garnet.“The journey would have taken several hours on foot.”“And anyway Pearl, he did offer us anything!” Amethyst added. “Who’s driving though?”The fusion smiled and adjusted her shades. “I call shotgun.”Pilot went to open the driver side door. “I’ll drive!”Mighty Spark rushed over and grabbed the keys at warp speed, he held them above his head. “Dear God, no!”Pilot folded his arms and huffed. “Well I get the roof then.”As Pilot clambered up and crouched on top of the Jeep, his predecessor took the driver’s seat and the rest filed into their positions. Mighty Spark turned the key in the ignition and drove out of town. They took a large, empty main road that ran parallel to the river for a time, when it turned away, they took the vehicle off road. The further they got from the road the greater abundance of plant life there was, most of it near the river was long grasses and the occasional shrub that made driving bumpy, but there were sparse trees away from the banks. Away from the city’s artificial lights, the moon and stars shone brightly, a backdrop that made it almost inconceivable that they had been on a motorway mere minutes before.Steven looked back from the view to the driver in front of him. “So… Mighty Spark, why were you so against Pilot driving?”The old man shivered slightly. “Steven, unless lives depend on escaping pursuers, getting somewhere quickly, or driving a vehicle no one else knows how to control, never let my apprentice drive you anywhere in any vehicle besides his ship. Your sanity depends on it.”Suddenly, Pilot hung from the side of the Jeep looking through Steven’s window. “Or a motorcycle! Right, old man? We did a test that shows I can ride a motorcycle while obeying road safety laws.” He made an inverted commas gesture with his free hand on the last bit.

“Pilot!” Pearl crossly exclaimed. “Don’t hang off the car like that! You’ll hurt yourself!”“I appreciate the concern Pearl!” In one fluid movement he pulled himself up into a handstand, rolled across the roof and entered a hanging position on Pearl’s side. “You don’t have to worry though; I’m conceptually aligned to vehicles. I was born to work in and around them. I know how they work, I can feel the area around them, and I know how to prevent them from hurting me.”“If you’re born to do vehicles, then why are you such a bad driver?” Asked Amethyst.“How dare you? I am the best driver here! The old man’s just jealous.”“Sure I am.” Mighty Spark laughed sarcastically. “Pilot is a very good driver by his own standards. If he’s behind the wheel he can get you somewhere quickly and relatively unharmed, I’ve even seen him control a car with such precision that he can knock a man unconscious by swerving a car into him without causing lasting harm. The trouble is he drives purely on instinct, he ignores speed limits, he’ll drive through oncoming traffic, every turn he makes is a hairpin turn and I don’t think I’ve once seen him once take his foot off the accelerator before arriving at his destination.”“If the Chorus wanted me to slow the car myself, they would have made the ground frictionless.”“Duly noted, upstart.” The old man replied with a hint of unease. “To be fair, he’s yet to seriously injure someone he wasn’t trying to while driving, but his driving still scares me to no end!” He laughed again.As they crested a hill, they saw a structure in shadow. It appeared to be single story, with occasional domes and crystalline towers rising above, but it sprawled out for miles, at least as large as Beach City back home. In the interior, courtyards and gardens exposed to the open air. The river they had been following had suddenly meandered away, in the distance it curved back going straight through the heart of the ruins.“Is that it?” Steven asked.“That’s the old temple.” Pearl confirmed.“It’s huge!” He exclaimed.Pilot hung down suddenly. “That’s what she-,”Garnet gave a disapproving look.“You’re right. That was a low hanging fruit.” He looked down. “There!” He exclaimed. “A hoof print! And another one! They definitely headed this way!”

They parked the jeep and walked along the outer wall with care. “Are you sure this is the only entrance?” Pilot asked.“Amethyst and I walked the whole perimeter last time we were here. Unless a wall has collapsed our only entrances are this door and the opening the river goes through.”“And the tracks suggest Roxillan went in the river way.” Pilot acquiesced. They came upon a large stone door, big enough to allow several people through at a time when opened, the one they had been expecting to find. “Just because she doesn’t use this entrance doesn’t mean Roxillan didn’t set a trap at it.”Connie and the gems readied their weapons, Steven placed a large shield between the group and the door. Pilot cautiously crept up to the door, something wasn’t right. He examined the ring-shaped handles, no trick mechanisms, he checked the floor around the entrance, no trap door. He reached for a handle.Just as his hand grazed the stonework, the door swung inward, and a breeze escaped. “Oh no.” He said quietly, and not because of the corrupted gem before him. It was pantherine with purple stripes, like a purple tiger but twice the size and wielding a bladed tail. It prepared to pounce.As the breeze hit the rest of them Steven and Mighty Spark flinched.The shield vanished as Steven ran away screaming. “The grayskins! The grayskins are gonna eat me!”Before anyone could stop her, Connie pursued him. “Steven! What are you talking about!? Come back!”“Steven! Connie! What are you doing? What’s happening?” Pearl exclaimed. She went to catch the two of them when the corrupted gem leapt with a roar.Pilot ducked and rolled out the way of the sharp tail as it scored the earth where he had been standing. Garnet caught the monster by its front paws with her gauntlets and wrestled it.“That wind was a wave of conceptual fear, old kelmepi trick! You didn’t notice it last time because it only targets humans! You guys deal with the corrupted gem! I’ll go snap them out of it!”He was about to run after them when Mighty Spark’s furious roar stopped him. “Get away from him!” the old man’s eyes locked with the imagined foe behind the Pilot, now looking smaller, younger, afraid. “If you so much as touch my apprentice you won’t live to regret it! I swear to God I’ll beat your miserable grey body into atoms! Ulndae!” He clenched his fist and flexed his arm. After a few second it started to glow blue.“Okay. New plan. I have to stop the old man from levelling this place and taking us with it.”As Pilot went to attend to his mentor, Garnet managed to throw the corrupted gem backwards. “I can find Seven and Connie after we’ve dealt with this, but I can’t fight it alone! Gems!”Pilot stood a few feet from his mentor. If he hadn’t been rendered immune to the hazards of warp energy by exposure, the crackles of it coming off Mighty Spark’s arm would likely have fried his nervous system. “Mighty Spark! It’s me!” The old man’s eyes didn’t shift from the invisible threat, his muscle fibres were visibly shining through his skin. Pilot shook his head. “Too much fear. I’ll have to counteract it.” In his natural voice he started to sing;

And whiskers on kittensBright copper kettles and warm woolen mittensBrown paper packages tied up with stringsThese are a few of my favorite things

Pearl stepped back from the corrupted gem’s razor-sharp claws. “What is Pilot doing?”“His best!” Garnet replied, stepping in to uppercut the beast. “We have to trust he knows what he’s doing!”Amethyst, who was behind the monster, threw out her whip. It wrapped around the neck of the off ballance target, exposing its chest. Amethyst wound her end of the whip around the back of a tree for leverage. “Now Pearl!”Pearl lunged and thrust her spear through it. She stood back to let the worthy adversary poof and retreat to its gem.Despite the spear going straight through it, the corrupted gem did not poof. For a few seconds the creature didn’t move. “Watch out!” Shouted Garnet as she tackled Pearl out the way. The tree snapped, throwing Amethyst onto her face as the beast bared down on where Pearl had stood.

Cream-colored ponies and crisp apple strudelsDoorbells and sleigh bellsAnd schnitzel with noodlesWild geese that fly with the moon on their wingsThese are a few of my favorite things

Steven hadn’t run far before he found an outcropping of the temple to hide behind and started to cower. Connie caught up with him. He was gibbering in fear. “Knife ears gonna kill me, always watching.”“Steven? What are you talking about? Whatever is scaring you, we can deal with it. We’ve dealt with worse. Do you remember how we faced the dangers of the jungle moon? We fought the Diamond’s for goodness sakes! Whatever it is, we face it, together.” She embraced him.

In a burst of light, Stevonnie was huddled on the ground. Connie had been expecting the fusion to simply overcome the fear, but before they could even get their bearings, reality fell away from Stevonnie.Around them was a terrible feast, at stools of bone sat kelmep rending charred flesh from human bones, performing profane rituals, and becoming increasingly intoxicated with wine from skulls. Stevonnie hardly knew what wine or intoxication was but something told them each terrible detail of the scene around them, it also told them that kelmep were hideous, powerful and to be fled. Stevonnie covered their eyes, this wasn’t right, kelmep weren’t like this, there was at least one who was good. Who was he? A voice, a real voice, pierced the veil, they heard Pilot singing to his predecessor. They saw the macabre fantasy for what it was, a figment of some frightened imagination. The fusion stood, they still needed to shake this outside fear off themselves. Stevonnie started to sing along quietly.

Girls in white dresses with blue satin sashesSnowflakes that stay on my nose and eyelashesSilver-white winters that melt into springsThese are a few of my favorite things

“I don’t understand!” Pearl exclaimed firing laser after laser into the monster, who seemed largely unphased by the holes in its face and sides. “Why won’t it poof, no gem’s body is able to function this far off model!”Amethyst cracked her whip to keep the corrupted gem from advancing but it charged despite the cuts.Garnet’s visor flashed as she charged past her fellow gems. So preoccupied was their opponent with her allies that it was unable to prevent her from sliding between its leg and behind it. She grabbed its sharpened tail in one gauntlet, with her other she grabbed the violet ovoid stone on its thigh and pulled. As the stone came free the corrupted gem still didn’t poof, its body simply fell lifeless on the ground.   

When the dog bitesWhen the bee stingsWhen I'm feeling sadI simply remember my favorite thingsAnd then I don't feel so bad!

As Pilot finished his song, Mighty Sparks eyes began to come back into reality. “Boy?”“How you feeling old man.”He let the mounting warp energy in his arm quietly dissipate and the limb regained its natural hue. “Better.” He waved to the gems. “Sorry about that! Guess I’m still human after all!” He laughed.Mentor and apprentice looked at each other. “Do you guys need a moment?” Called Amethyst.Both wanted to say more, Pilot wanted to make sure his Mighty Spark was okay, Mighty Spark wanted to thank his apprentice and apologise for making them responsible for him. “No, it’s fine.” Pilot answered. “Men like us understand each other, I wouldn’t diminish the old man with unnecessary words. Let’s go find Steven and Connie.”“No need.” Garnet responded, she pointed towards a stand of bushes.

Stevonnie stumbled out of the undergrowth. “I’m ok.” Pilot, Amethyst, and Pearl ran up to the fusion. Pilot passed the quartz his helmet, held Stevonnie’s head still, and examined their eyes closely. “I said I’m fine. What are you doing?”“Just checking.” He replied.Pearl was checking the rest of Stevonnie’s body for injuries. “What were Steven and Connie thinking? Running off in the middle of a strange place! What if Roxillan had found you?”“They couldn’t help it.” Pilot explained. “They were literally overwhelmed with the idea of fear itself. I suppose being half gem let Steven overcome it.” He let Stevonnie go and grinned at them. “I suppose you fused to spread the resistance to Connie. Good thinking!”“Well actually-,” Stevonnie started.“Pilot!” His predecessor called. “You might want to look at this!”They all headed to the body of the corrupted gem. “So, this is what scared Steven so much?” asked Stevonnie.“No. Someone put it here to take advantage of the effect.” Pilot pointed at the doors to the temple. “Could somebody keep that entrance open, I’d bet the doors closing resets the trap. Or at least I would if I could afford to keep buying Amethyst lunch.”Garnet handed the corrupted gem to Amethyst before she and Mighty Spark went to attend to the doors.Pilot held out his hand. “May I see that for a moment Amethyst.” She handed it to him as he stood over the pantherine body.Its appearance had changed slightly, while active it seemed to have been formed of the same hard light any gem was constructed by but now inactive it looked different. “It’s made of paper.” Pearl observed. She was right, the sheets of paper had been folded and painted to resemble its shape and colour.“Not just any paper!” Pilot added. He tore off a strip from around a whip wound. “This is the same paper that the sketchbooks stolen from the factory were made of.” They were interrupted by a crash, Garnet and Mighty Spark returned to the group, having ripped the doors off their hinges. “Make a bit more noise why don’t you!” Pilot exclaimed sarcastically.“If someone was around to hear that they would have heard the fighting.” Mighty Spark replied. “Besides, Garnet and I got to talking about what its influence was like and we decided destroying the trap was the best course of action.”“It won’t hurt Steven again.”“Fair.” Pilot agreed.“So anyway,” Amethyst asked, “what is this thing?” She jabbed the mass of painted paper.“Well, let’s see.” Pilot knelt down and tentatively reached out to touch the stone to the hunch of the defeated opponent. For the brief moment the gemstone touched the paper the body lurched with apparent life, its skin looking less painted and more realistic. Pilot rapidly withdrew the stone and the mass returned to inanimacy. He handed the stone back to Amethyst who bubbled it and sent it home. “I think I know what this is.”With some effort and assistance, Pilot turned the subject onto its back, revealing the hole Pearl had left with her first strike. The wound was larger and deeper than any other, going straight through its body. Inside they could see each layer of paper had been painted intricate colours and patterns, reds, greens, gold and silver. “Who would bother to paint the inside of this with complicated patterns?” Asked Stevonnie. “I don’t even think these are the right colours.”“It’s not supposed to be.” Pilot answered. “These are conceptual patterns, ideas being folded in.”Stevonnie’s eyes widened with realisation. “A papersmith made this? What is it?”“A xataar kelm.”“A paper person?”“Yes Stevonnie.” Pilot straddled the body, placed his hands into the wound, and started trying to tear it open. “Stevonnie, would you mind? Giving me a hand?” He grunted. The fusion drew their sword and started making small incisions at Pilot’s instruction. As they worked Pilot explained. “A xataar kelm is a highly complex construct only master papersmiths could hope to create. They require paper, conceptually stimulated pigments, and some part of the being you wish to copy, in this case the gem, along with a lot of knowhow to make. They are perfectly loyal automatons once made, however, commanded by the master’s will. Usually their behaviour becomes less natural the farther they get from their creator, but I guess the fact the part they used was technically alive gives it greater autonomy.”“Alright, but Pilot?”“Yes Stevonnie?”“Why are we cutting this open?”“Well… Aha!” Pilot reached into Stevonnie’s latest cut and pulled out a paper structure. In shape it resembled a black spindle, except the ring was attached to the core by a single spoke and it had ceased to spin. In colour, the paper had been painted various shades and patterns in mindboggling density. “A paper heart, that confirms it, a kelmep made this. The gem provides information and the heart provides power!”“I didn’t know Roxilan was a papersmith.” Mighty Spark noted.“She isn’t, Ulndae would never allow his own to practice a lower class’ craft.”“Maybe she learnt after you were separated?”“It takes decades at least to become this accomplished a papersmith.”“She had no knowledge of spearmanship before she changed either.”“Maybe she found someone to do it for her?” Stevonnie suggested. “Maybe that’s who’s with her!”“Impossible.” Pilot replied. “Only a kelmep can manipulate concepts well enough to do this and Roxillan can’t transport people through dimensions.”“What if they were already here?” Stevonnie theorised. “When you first came to our universe you detected traces of kelmepi life!”“It was a false positive.” Pilot retorted. “I took a room tone scan of Beach City and then registered nothing, there were no kelmep on earth.”“Is it possible your room tone was wrong?”“Not likely, but possible.” Pilot conceded. “Either way, we now know the corrupted gems we saw in the stills are probably xataar kelmep as well. We’ll probably have to deal with them, Roxillan, and probably her accomplice too. Shall we?”“Let’s g- Wait.” Murmured Garnet. “I can’t see.”

“Does she normally suffer bouts of blindness?” Asked Mighty Spark, coming over to aid her.“I haven’t been blinded.” Replied Garnet.  “I can’t predict what’s in there.” She pointed to the entrance of the temple. “I can foretell the temple’s layout, but I can’t see what will happen when we go inside. I can’t predict where Roxillan is either.”“Something strange is going on with this place.” Pearl mentioned, concern mounting in her voice.“You can never know what’s going to happen for certain.” Mighty Spark noted.Garnet nodded. “We should proceed with caution.”They entered the temple. As Pilot placed his foot through the threshold, the ground below his foot glowed blue. The glow extended in two lines in opposite directions along the floor, climbed up the walls and wrapped around the room. On the far side of the room the lines met, forming a single wavy line, identical to the one on Pilot’s helmet.“Well that explains it!” Pilot exclaimed.“I should have known!” His mentor agreed.The rest of the group looked back at them, all of them being only more confused by the lines. “We’re in a Pilot temple.” Pilot explained. “The Pilot’s inherent unpredictability must be interfering with Garnet’s future vision.”“Why is there a Pilot temple in our world?” Pearl questioned.As Pilot approached the wall a very thin line of light drew down from the symbol and drew a humanoid figure, in their hand was a rod with a bend at the top, a crowbar. “Old Archie was in your world for a few centuries, plenty of time to build.” Suddenly a ring formed starting at the image’s feet and reaching up to the ceiling, some meters up, depicting a portal of immense size. Other humanoids were drawn stepping through the portal, carrying bags, staves and short spears. “Especially if he had help…”“Who are these people?” Asked Stevonnie.“Impossible to tell. Archibald wasn’t known to travel with anyone other than his apprentice. These people could be anyone.”“Almost anything could be in a Pilot temple.” Stated Mighty Spark. “We should move before Roxillan finds something dangerous.” They all headed through a doorway on the right.The temple seemed to be composed of rooms with few corridors or hallways. Rooms were connected by open doorways, doors were only present on openings that led outside, into eroded courtyards and overgrown gardens. Whenever Pilot or his mentor set foot in a room it was illuminated by disks of blue light on the floor. Most of the rooms had lost their furniture, the wood having rotted away. That which did remain suggested fairly humble purpose, washrooms, kitchens, and storage mostly.After several rooms without incident they all relaxed slightly. “So, Pilot?” Asked Stevonnie. “How do you know so much about paper people?”“If kelmep can make them, I bet they were everywhere!” Declared Amethyst.Pilot grabbed the gem’s hand. “Done! You owe me a lunch!” Pilot shook his head. “Xataar kelmep are hard to make, the only kelmep I ever met who could possibly make one was Meygareath and paper beasts would be a waste of space on a river boat. The one you faced outside was the first I’ve seen in real life.”“Then how do you know so much about them?”“Honestly, most of what I know come from legends and fairy stories Roxillan and Meygareath told me.”“I didn’t know kelmep had fairytales.” Pearl responded.“Of course we did!”“Can you tell us one now?” Asked Stevonnie, fascinated.“Eh, sure why not?” Pilot linked his fingers behind his head and stretched. “A story about xataar kelmep… I suppose the tale of king Thorae features them most prominently.” Pilot began his story:

…Thorae was a kelmepi hero, legends abound of the exploits of his life.

Near the start of his twilight years, Thorae the Hero was crowned the first king of the river kelmep and he decided to live in the palace of a villain he had vanquished, though that fight is for another story. It was about this time Thorae met his first and only love, a human. As human lives are short and their love was true, they married after only a few short years, the human was known as queen Menza. The pair had a daughter and named her Iysaeja, later Iysaeja the Tactician, Thorae performed the Ritual of Inclusion on her and she grew to become a hero and monarch in her own right, again a story for another time…

“Wait. Ritual of what?” Questioned Amethyst. “Ritual of Inclusion. A kelmep or half-kelmep with a spinning heart can duplicate their heart to give someone with kelmepi blood a kelmepi lifespan.” Pilot clarified. “Where was I?”:

…The king, queen, and their daughter lived happily for a few short years but all to soon Menza grew sick. The queen would shake and faint, she ran fevers, on occasion she would see things that weren’t there. Thorae called for doctors, his queen was not old, not even by the standards of her kind, she was too young to die! As Menza’s condition grew worse, the king was almost mad with desperation, resource was no object to save her, he began to neglect his duties as king.

There was nothing to be done. The human Menza passed away. She was sealed in a coffin but Thorae could not bear bury it as tradition dictated. His every waking moment he spent in mourning, he barely ate or cared for himself. A day became days, a month to months, a year to years. Kelmep came eventually, first with condolences, then with the expectation that he would resume providing leadership and advice. Whenever one of his subjects would seek counsel however, the only words they would get were “Leave Me!”

 Eventually, in the absence of his wisdom, the wellbeing of the kingdom who had come to rely on him declined. The only reason it did not deteriorate entirely was thanks to the princess Iysaeja who, though lacking in years, had inherited her father’s wisdom and leadership.

One night, as Thorae again wept over his wife’s casket, a stranger approached, a small kelmepi woman of years greater than even Thorae. Her name was Takleeth. “Greetings O’ King of the Rivers!” Said she.

“Why do you disturb me?” Asked the king.

“Why, you called for someone to heal your queen.”

“You are too late, years too late!” Thorae roared, believing some cruel joke was afoot. “She is dead, she died in my arms and lies dead in this casket!”

“I see, my apologies. When shall she be burried?”

“Then you intend to have her healed?”

Thorae paused, confused by the statement. “Did you not hear me? She is dead.”

“I may be old, but I am not deaf. She is dead and you intend to see her healed.”

“None can heal death old woman.”

“I can.” She replied.

Thorae did not realise what he had heard for a moment but when he did, the longing he had to see his wife again nearly dropped him to his knees. “If you speak the truth then please! Bring my Menza back to me!”

“I may not do my work for nothing; I need resources and have a fee. My fee is simple, for as long as your wife may live you are to allow me to sleep in the room adjacent to hers, I may have free rein of your palace and you will make me her royal physician, I do not ask for pay, only that you ensure I am fed.”

“If I see my queen living again, I will give you all that and more. What are the resources you need?”

“That casket and its contents.”

Thorae flinched. “I cannot bare to let you leave with it.”

“Could you bare to let me have a few days alone with it in some unused corner of your palace?”

So it was that Takleeth set to work she came to and fro from her own merger home and the castle. Each time she came in the guards would search her bags. “What are these papers?” One would say.

“They are not papers.” She would reply. “They are bandages, I must change the queen’s regularly.”

“And what of these paints?”

“Wrong again! These are salves. It takes much medicine to cure death.”

A few days after Takleeth had arrived, Thorae worried so much he attempted to sneak into the room in which the procedure was apparently happening. As he approached the door it swung open. “Clothes! Clothes for her highness’ modesty!”

Thorae instintively held out his cloak, Takleeth took it and a few moments later stepped out again with Menza, wrapped in his cloak and looking the peak of her health. “My Love!” He exclaimed embracing her. For a moment he froze, he did not feel the beat of a human heart in his wife’s chest, he felt a spin. “You have a kelmepi heart?”

“Do you love me any less for it?”

The king and queen quickly brought the good news to the people. With his returned wisdom and ability to lead, Thorae brought his kingdom from the brink to its former glory in just a few short decades. As time went on Menza did not age, Thorae never mentioned it, assuming it to be the miraculous cure of Takleeth at play. The pair roamed and cavorted, everywhere the queen went however her physician wasn’t far behind. Nevertheless, Thorae was a good king.

One day Takleeth grew sick, the disease was not as dire as the one that took Menza’s life, but it was bad enough to render the old woman bedridden for a time. In gratitude for restoring Menza’s life, the king and queen attended to Takleeth’s wellbeing personally, along with a younger doctor. 

At one fateful moment while the doctor was resting in his chambers, Takleeth suffered an awful fit of coughing, fearing her condition was worsening, Thorae instructed his wife. “Wake the doctor, tell him Takleeth needs him!”

So possessed by coughing and hacking was Takleeth that she barely heard the instruction stated. When she realised what had happened and heard Menza leave the room she grabbed the king’s hand. “Your majesty!”

“It is alright. Help is coming.”

“Your majesty!” She insisted. “There is something you must understand, or all will be lost!”

“Your queen! Tell me what you got back when I gave her back to you!”

“My love! My guiding light! My reason for living on!”

“What of your vision? When you stepped out into your kingdom you saw the suffering your inaction had bought, and you rectified it with the vigour of before you took to grieving. What of your daughter? You barely spoke to her once her mother passed.”

“You are right. You truly freed me from my grief.”

“No. Grief is natural, if you refuse to grieve lost love you will spend so much time avoiding it you will have no time to live. It is when you allow grief to be your master that there is trouble, it will wash you down a path not of your choosing and snatch life from your hands. Promise me, my king, never let grief be your master again.”

Thorae bowed his head. “I promise.”

The door opened behind them. “My king! There is something wrong with your Queen! I’ve ordered her to rest in her bed chamber!”

Filled with panic Thorae ran to the chamber. His wife stood, perfectly rigid at the window. Cautiously, he approached her. “Menza? Are you alright?”

Menza turned, all of her was neutral, he face, her posture, even her voice. “I am undamaged my king.”

As has been mentioned, Thorae was wise. He knew well enough what stood before him. “A xataar kelmva, a paper woman. You aren’t Menza, you never were.”

She looked at him, unfeeling without Takleeth’s influence.

“What part of her do you have? Give it to me!”

 The xataar kelmva removed the tip of her finger and held it out, shrivelled with mummification. The moment Thorae took it the woman became an inanimate paper figure.

Thorae, filled with rage grabbed a spear from the wall and stormed to the physician’s room. Before he reached the door however he considered the old kelmep woman’s words. Without her doing what she did, he reasoned, he, his remaining family, and his kingdom would have fallen to ruin by this time. He opened her door unarmed with tears in his eyes.

Only the doctor was in the room claiming his patient had simply disappeared. Trying to find her, he had made a grim discovery. Under Takleeth’s bed was the casket of the queen, containing her mummified remains.

The queen was laid to rest that night. Thorae grieved once again and the kingdom prepared for more years without a leader. To their surprise however, he came back to ruling within a week, he ruled wisely and justly for the remainder of his life. Therefore he, his daughter and his kingdom lived happily ever after…

“That was quite a story Pilot.” Said Pearl. “You’ll have to write it down for me.”

“It was kind of sad at the end though, wasn’t it?” Stevonnie noted. Although they didn’t mention it, something in the story of a human falling in love with one of a long-lived kind and the inevitable tragedy struck slightly too close to home for the fusion.“I suppose so.” Pilot agreed. “In truth it all depends how you look at it.”“What do you mean?”Pilot shook his head silently.Mighty Spark looked him over. “You’ve been thinking about it again, haven’t you?”“Yes. But I’ve come to terms with it.”“With what?” Asked Pearl.“I’ve made a lot of human friends, assuming I don’t get myself killed, I’m going to outlive all of them.” Pilot paused and sucked in air. Though he kept walking, his voice sounded as if it was edging closer and closer to tears. “And that’s ok.” Stevonnie and Pearl both put a hand on his back. “Ok, it’s not ok, it’s terrible. But when it happens, I’m going to be ok. They’d want me to keep doing what I’m doing…”“Do you want to stop for a while?” Mighty Spark suggested as they entered a new room.Pilot nodded. “Just for a moment.” His tone was back to normal but Pearl and Stevonnie helped him to a wall where he leant.Almost immediately there was the sound of stone scraping against stone. In the blink of an eye the section of wall span, whisking Pilot, Pearl and Stevonnie to the other side.“Stevonnie!” Garnet summoned a gantlet, ready to smash the wall down.“Wait!” Mighty Spark cried. “The wall is seamless. Any part of it could be loadbearing, one wrong move could bring the whole temple down on our heads!”“We shouldn’t take the risk unless they need us.” The fusion agreed, dispelling her weapon. She Shouted through the wall “Stevonnie! Pilot! Pearl! Call back if you can hear me!”“We can hear you!” Stevonnie replied. “What was that just now?”“You seem to have set off some kind of trap!” Mighty Spark explained. “Are you all alright?”

“Describe your surroundings! Anything that looks like it’s meant to hurt or imprison you?”“It’s kinda dark!” Stevonnie answered. “Your helmet looks really creepy in the dark Pilot.”Pilot chuckled eerily.“Stop that!” Pearl admonished. “Give me a moment.” Her gem lit up basking the room in a pale white light.Stevonnie took in their surroundings. “Three stone walls and metal bars! I think we’re in a cage!”“So, you’re trapped!?” Amethyst yelled.Pilot eyed a trickle of water that ran over one of the bars. He took the rusted wet padlock and twisted, it snapped like a twig. He went to push the door open and it broke off its corroded hinges, falling forwards. “Not anymore!” He cheered.“That’s all well and good but how are we going to find each other?” Pearl enquired.Mighty Spark turned to Garnet. “You said your future vision could still predict the temple’s layout?”“Yes!” The fusion concentrated on her fuzzy precognition. “Alright listen up! If you three keep going the direction we were heading, you will get to a courtyard. Wait for us there, I’ll direct us to it.”“See you there then!” Stevonnie called.“Be careful!” Pearl added.“You to!” Garnet answered. She started to walk. “We should get going. They’ll probably beat us there as it is.”

Garnet walked quickly through the rooms, checking her directions with future vision and leading the way. The path she took was winding, seemingly random in direction, but this place was built like a maze and, counterintuitively, her route was the fastest.Being preoccupied navigating Garnet didn’t speak much. While they were equally concerned with finding the others Amethyst couldn’t stand the long uncertain silence. “Do you think they’ll be ok?”Garnet only held her fingers to her temples as she fought the temple’s inherent unpredictability.“I hope so.” Mighty Spark muttered. Seeing Amethyst trying to hide her worry he decided to ask a question to lighten the mood. “So, Amethyst, Pilot has explained to me all about how Pink Diamond was Steven’s mother and how you gems look after him and all but are you all his stepmothers, sisters, aunts?”Amethyst thought for a moment then shrugged. “I don’t know. Gems don’t really have families usually. Greg described us as his aunts to his brother but that was to get him of our backs. I guess Steven and I are family and that’s all I need to know.”“Of course. I didn’t mean to offend.”“You didn’t. What about you and Axia?”“What about us?” He asked.“Well you’re like Pilot’s mom and dad, right?”Mighty Spark chuckled then sighed. “Well, no. I mean, we looked after him but he’s still looking for his family.”“Really?” She questioned“Well, according to his uncle, his mother was a hill kelmep who died in childbirth and his father was a river kelmep who ran away before he was born.”“Wait, there are different kinds of kelmep?”“Yes. Like human ethnicities. So, for example Roxillan is a hill kelmep.”“Ok, so how are river kelmep different?”“Dark skin and hair like Pilot, but their eyes are usually a pale silver colour and their ears aren’t as long. Their ears are like humans but with little points at the top, like a vulcan.”“Like a what?”“Nevermind.”“Alright then.” She smiled. “What about you? Where are your parents?”“I don’t have any.”“What?”“I wasn’t born, I was made. My cells were constructed to convert electrical energy to kinetic energy, hook a few dozen of me up to batteries and you have the perfect law enforcement for a police state. If it weren’t for Monika, the Pilot before me, I’d probably have been deconditioned by now. She died about ten years before I found Pilot.”“What was Monika like?”“A lot like Pilot in some ways. She was bold, cunning, funny, she always had a plan cooking inside her head. She would get this look in her eyes when she opened a new portal… a glow…” He fell silent.Garnet stopped walking. “You loved her.”“Yes.”For a while they continued quietly. They got to a door that Garnet pushed open. through the doorway was a small courtyard. There were two more sets of doors, one directly across from them and another to the left, slightly ajar.“Is this where we’re meant to meet them?” Asked Amethyst.“No.” Replied Garnet. “We have to go straight through and then turn right.”Mighty Spark crouched and hovered his hand above the ground. “Residual warp energy.”Amethyst leapt off the ground, shapeshifting into Dogcopter. “Is it dangerous?”“Err, no.” He replied, slightly surprised. “Best guess is that a portal was left open here for a very long time.”“How long?” She asked, turning back to her own form.“Judging by how long the signature has lasted, I’d say a couple decades.”Amethyst turned around. “Do you think it had something to do with this?”The other two turned to see a set of glyphs carved into the wall. Mighty Spark examined them. “It’s Conceptual. Carved about a century after the stone was laid, carved in a hurry but deeply enough to be legible despite erosion. Whoever wrote this wanted it to be read centuries after it was written.”“But what does it say?”“I don’t know.”“I thought you spoke conceptual with Pilot.”“He taught me to speak it, not write it.”“This isn’t important.” Garnet declared. “We can come back with Pilot, once we get to them.”With a shared nod they all headed through the far exit, closing doors behind themselves.

Pilot, Pearl, and Stevonnie made fast headway through the rooms, often they were through a room before it recognised Pilot’s presence and turned on its lights. Eventually they got to a door. As Pearl and Pilot pushed it open, moonlight met them.The courtyard was far bigger than any of the others, it was long and rectangular, remains of stone benches and unidentifiable statuary decorated the edges. In the centre was a dry fountain.Standing by the fountain were the two remaining paper gems, laying around and lowing occasionally. On the back of the ram-like gem was a humanoid figure. Now without the face wrappings they could see his pointed ears, dark grey, almost black, skin, and long white hair. At their angle they could tell his shield had been crafted to resemble a spiderweb. He sat utterly motionless; he did not even seem to breathe.“A kelmep.” Stevonnie identified quietly.Pilot did a double take between the fusion and the rider. “You what?” He whispered, exaggerating his offence.“I…”“So, every grey skinned humanoid with pointy ears looks like a kelmep to you?”“Er…”“Yes?” Replied Pearl, wondering if it was a trick question.Pilot sighed. “He’s a drow, a type of elf. At least he was.”“He’s a xataar kelm?” Asked Pearl.Pilot nodded. “Seeing how much trouble the one at the entrance was we should probably avoid tangling with all of these guys until everyone is back together, perhaps we can hide up on the roof until Garnet and the others get here.”Taking his advice, Pearl leapt up to the roof. The roof tiles however were not as secure as she had guessed so she slipped and fell on her face loudly with a clatter of masonry. All three xataar kelm turned their heads to the noise.“Crap.”“Language Pilot!” Pearl chided as she got up, ready for the worst.The two gems trotted towards them, as they did the rider spoke in monotone. “Crap. Language. Pilot. Language identified as English. Message available.”“Oh.” Stated Pilot. “What’s your message.”The ram-like gem stopped about thirty feet away, the stag-like gem stopped a few steps closer. The drow took out a one-handed crossbow, pointed it at the Pilot, and spoke, clearly with no hint of emotion. “Halt intruder. Identify yourself and your business here.”Stevonnie went to take the folded sword out of their pocket but Pilot’s hand stopped them. “Okay. I’m the Pilot.” He paused to see if the name triggered a violent response. When it didn’t, he continued. “That up there is Pearl.” Pearl waved slightly confusedly. “and this is Stevonnie.” Pilot stepped aside so the xataar kelm could see the fusion.The drow’s eyes locked onto Stevonnie’s exposed midriff, he turned the crossbow robotically to their gem. “I will eliminate the pink diamond.”“What?” The fusion exclaimed“Of course you will.” Pilot deadpanned.A crossbow bolt flew through the air, bouncing off Stevonnie’s shield. As they got their bearings, the stag charged Pilot and Stevonnie, Pilot dove out the way and Stevonnie blocked it with a bubble. They were knocked backwards, bouncing off the wall and colliding with the gem’s head.The stag reared up and began to beat on the bubble with its hooves. So powerful was the assault that cracks started to form. Suddenly, the corrupted gem staggered sideways. Pearl had dived down and pierced its side with her spear. Stevonnie dropped the bubble and took the opportunity to skirt around their opponent.Holding onto the spear she had embedded in the creature, Pearl reached for the tear shaped stone on the back of its neck. Suddenly it swung its antlers, catching Peal and throwing her towards Pilot, who had been trading flashbangs and crossbow bolts with the drow.  As Pearl crashed into Pilot, the stag bounded after her.Pearl and Pilot got up just in time to push against the antlers, Pilot pushed at one with a hand and foot while Pearl blocked the other with her spear. The corrupted gem was unable to hit them, but they were pined into a corner. The drow lined up a shot.Seeing this, Stevonnie ran and jumped over the horns and teeth of the drow’s mount. The drow turned the crossbow to the closer target and fired. Stevonnie twisted in the air and the bolt grazed their cheek. The fusion kicked and broke off one of the weapon’s limbs. Suddenly their vision went blurry, their head started to spin, and they felt sick. They felt a dull pain and, suddenly, movement.Pilot and Pearl struggled in horror as they saw the ram like gem bite down on their protégé’s leg and fling them out of the courtyard. “Stevonnie!” They both yelled.“How did it catch them?” Pearl screamed.“Drow use spider venom on their weapons! The bolt must have been poisoned!”The drow turned his mount in the direction it had thrown Stevonnie, dropped the busted crossbow, and drew a shortsword. “I will eliminate the pink diamond.”“We have to stop them!” Pearl screeched hysterically.“I know!” Growled Pilot, fear for Stevonnie bring back his accent. “Any ideas how to get this huge fucker off us?”Pearl took a deep breath to centre herself. She held out her hand to Pilot. “It worked with Peridot.”“What if we can’t do it?”“We have to try.” Pearl held Pilot’s hand in hers and pulled him towards her.The flash of light caused the drow to snap its head in their direction to analyse the new threat. Standing just under twice Pearl’s height was a thin, eerie figure. Pilot’s suit had morphed into a black and blue breastplate over a jumpsuit of muted pink, yellow, and blue. On her head was a black knightly helm with visor, which the Pilot’s wavy blue line resonated across. The helmet covered her entire head except for her gem, which peeked out through a gap between the visor and helm, and her lower face. Steel coloured tear tracks traced over her mist grey skin.Warp Pearl stood over her opponent slightly, matching them in strength. “I’m sorry.” She whispered despondently. A third arm, pale white and sprouting from her shoulder blade, reached out and touched the corrupted gem’s mane. Warp Pearl would not be frightened, not of a Diamond’s abandonment, not of a dead uncle, not for Stevonnie’s wellbeing. Fear only leads to weakness and mistakes; she would be rational. All her fear had to go somewhere, however.The corrupted gem shook, then it froze with existential terror. Warp Pearl traced her alabaster fingers across its body as she walked around and mounted it. Under her silent command the frightened creature turned around.The drow had directed his mount to face them, sword drawn.With a pitying sigh the fusion reached up to her gem and drew her weapon. In many ways it was like Pearl’s spear but longer, like a lance. She aimed for her opponent’s chest.They charged.Being the longer weapon, the lance struck first, it scraped along their opponent’s shield leaving a scratch as they came into his swords range. Warp Pearl turned her lance, parrying the blade as she passed. They both turned after a few of their mounts strides and charged again. Again, a stalemate.Twice more they clashed without victor. Warp Pearl stared her opponent down. “This is going nowhere.” She grumbled dejectedly. The drow prepared to charge again. The fusion did not bid her mount to move. Instead she touched her white hand to her own gem. Out from her gem projected a spectral, holographic mass. As it soared towards the charging enemy the mass of grey light morphed into a mournful image of pink diamond. The ghost passed through the elf and gem before collapsing into sparks.The corrupted gem ground its hooves into the stone floor, leaving deep gouges. It bucked its rider, turned, and ran, smashing the thick stone door to rubble in its terror.Without a mind to be scared but also without his creator’s instruction in this unexpected situation, the remaining xataar kelm sharply twisted his head in all directions, trying to find useful information as he sat on the ground.In another dimension, in the underground city of Menzoberranzan was a drow slaver captain named Rikerin Melafin. He had had a fingertip bitten off by a drow-like creature who he had caught stealing paper and a set of armaments. To his shame, she had escaped with her bounty. At this time, he was resting. Suddenly, he awoke from his trance, screaming in terror of a grey lady. Later the city would take this as a sign from Lolth and he would be taken as consort in a family far higher than his station would hope for. In the highest echelons of the spider queen’s temple however, priestesses would discuss the possibility of Eilistraee’s meddling and assassins would be sent.Back in the present, in the universe of humans and gems, Rikerin’s paper facsimile sat motionless. Warp Pearl took the stone from her mount as she dismounted, causing it to collapse. She stood over her opponent. She swung her bladed lance like a scythe. “Goodnight.” The false drow body and the spinning paper heart within were split in twain.Warp Pearl dissipated her weapon and folded her white hand safely behind her back. She contained the blueish stone in a light grey bubble and sent it home. She would have to find the remaining xataar kelm later, ensuring Stevonnie’s wellbeing was a clear priority. She leapt gracefully onto the rooftop in the direction her fellow fusion had been thrown. There was a crash from behind her. She turned to see the gemless paper husk of the ram like monster roll back into the courtyard, its assailants walking in after it.

Stevonnie rolled over and opened her eyes. Their vision was clear, though they still felt a bit sick. Looking around they seemed to be in another courtyard, squarish and smaller than the one they had been thrown from. Three doors, each on a different wall.They sat up. Sharp pain coursed from their leg. Stevonnie inspected the injured limb. It could have been worse; the gouges were surprisingly shallow and were only bleeding a little. “Don’t be such a baby.” The fusion muttered to themselves. They licked their palm and applied their saliva to the wound. Nothing happened. “Huh? I guess I can’t heal myself.”Stevonnie tried to get up, the shock of movement caused blood to spurt from their wound. Having Connie’s first aid training, they immediately sat back down and applied pressure, the bleeding reduced. “I need to get this bandaged. Pearl has bandages. Where’s Pearl?” Stevonnie looked around again, they considered calling out but thought better of it. Roxillan might hear them and get to them first.“Maybe I can unfuse and put all the bite onto Connie?” Stevonnie considered. “That’s a horrible idea! I don’t want to leave Connie with this!” They retorted. “But then Seven could heal her!” the fusion explained. “But Connie’s leg is smaller, this would be a worse injury on her! You could lose your leg! I don’t know if my powers can fix that!” Were they angry? “You’ve brought someone back to life! It will be fine!” Scared? “You don’t know that! I’d never forgive myself!” A tear rolled down Stevonnie’s left cheek. “Why can’t you just have faith in yourself!” a tear fell across the right. They began to shake and curl up into a ball, neither of their components were ready for what the felt coming. “Hold it together, hold it together, hold it together, hold it together, hold it together, hold it together, hold it together…”“All this over a little scrape?” a concerned voice from the doorway across from them asked.Stevonnie looked up. “Who- who’s there?”Through the crack in the door stepped a woman with dark grey skin and short pointy ears. She seemed to be wearing a blue cotton dress and sandals but the clothes where dirty. What seemed to be multicolour bandages were wrapped along the entirety of her right arm and around her left wrist, mostly black, silver and red. A small bag sat at her hip. “It’s alright. Let me have a look at you.” She carefully approached them.“Are you a drow doctor?”The woman tutted. “Does every grey skinned humanoid with pointed ears look like a drow to you?” She smiled good humouredly. “I’m a kelmep.”“Sorry, I didn’t know kelmep could have brown eyes and hair like you.”She stroked her dark brown braid. “So, you do know of kelmep. It is true that most of my kind cannot, but I inherit my eyes and hair from my mother. My father was, shall we say, fond of your kind.”“So you’re half human?” Stevonnie asked as the kelmep took their leg and bound it in paper bandages from her bag.“That I am.” She smiled. Though it looked as if it was simply paper painted green, gold, and white, Stevonnie’s pain seemed to almost entirely vanish as she wrapped it around the leg.“So am I!” the fusion beamed, standing with a little help. “Well actually I’m three quarters human at the moment.”“At the moment?”“It’s hard to explain.”The kelmep laughed. “Hang on now, I haven’t lived two hundred and seventy-eight years to be brushed off like that! Let’s have a look at you.” Stevonnie allowed her to look them over, tolerating a couple of prods to the sternum and forehead. “Unless my eyes deceive me, I’m looking upon one person. But I’d be damned if my hearts don’t feel two souls. Are you two stuck?”“What? No! I can come apart whenever I feel like it.”“Oh good. So, I suppose one of you is a full human and the other one is the half breed like me?”“Yes. Half gem.”“Gem?” she looked down at the stone on their stomach. Her face grew deathly pale and she backed away in fear. “Have you come to kill me?”“No!” Stevonnie responded. “Why would you think that?”“I’m sorry, I feared for a moment you may have been the Pink Diamond.”Stevonnie blinked in surprise. “Why are you afraid of them?”“The message, written by members of my kind. Behind you.”Stevonnie turned around, there on the wall was a message carved into the stone. They read it aloud:

At the advice of the Pilot, who saved us and brought us here a century ago, we flee once again.

Though it pains us to leave the loved ones found here, we know to take even one would incur the wrath of the Pink Diamond.

If this message is found by the Pink Diamond, do not take our retreat as your victory. If the Pilot be willing, we will return with the power to overthrow your tyranny and take back our new Motherland of the Chorus.

Koras Maatrbhoomi! Where humans and kelmep may finally live in peace!

“You can read it?” the kelmep questioned.“Yes, I can read.”“Fascinating.” When the fusion gave her a strange look in response, the woman continued. “Well, after years of avoiding drow and other horrors in a lightless cave system, I suddenly found myself standing in front of this very carving with nothing but my bag and a drow’s fingertip. When I read the message, I thought the Pink Diamond would be after me at any moment. Fortunately, I found a room containing preserved paper so I did the only thing I could think of, I made weapons and xataar kelm from anything I could find. First the drow fingertip, then the creatures I found stalking this temple. I ran out of paper, so I was forced to raid the nearby city. I can’t find any more of those creatures in this temple, so I plan to head out and find more.”“You don’t have to.” Stevonnie explained. “Pink Diamond is gone.”“How long have they been dead?”“About 14 years.”The kelmep gave a relieved sigh. “Thank the Chorus.”“You have to stop making corrupted gems into paper people.”“But they’re such powerful beasts, and they are almost entirely independent.”“That’s because they’re still alive! They used to be like people but they’re sick.”The woman shook. “Chorus curse me! It must be a lie! What have I done!?” She collapsed but Stevonnie caught her. “Are you alright?”The kelmep pointed upward. “Does the voice of justice come for my crimes?”Looking in the direction she pointed Stevonnie saw them. Standing on the roof was Garnet, Amethyst, Mighty Spark, and a tall three-armed fusion. “Meygareath?” Warp Pearl exclaimed in quiet disbelief.

Meygareath awoke to the sound of flowing water and blue light. She had been sat up against a stone pillar. She looked around; she knew where she was. She was in the chamber where the river flowed through the temple, it was somehow illuminated, allowing her to see she wasn’t alone. The one she had bandaged was missing but standing either side of her were a human boy and girl. “Oh! You’re awake! How do you feel?” The girl asked.Meygareath noticed only the boy had a bandaged leg. “I’m fine. You didn’t end up taking the whole injury after all that, did you pet?”“Pet?”“No. We both took half.” Connie explained.“Then I healed her.” Steven elaborated.“Healed? There’s not a scratch on her.”“Yeah! I have magical healing spit.”Meygareath grimaced briefly prompting a small laugh from Connie. “Yeah, it’s a little gross.” She turned around and called. “Guys! She’s awake!”Others approached. One appeared human, but the others, though humanoid, appeared to be many different colors and proportions. Meygareath recognized most of them from the roof before she had fainted, two of them were new, however. The skinny pale one however had many of the features of the tallest that had shaken them so, and the one whose face was hidden by a helmet wore clothes of a similar color and texture. She pointed at them. “You two were like these two.” She pointed at the children.“Yes.” Pearl replied. “We were a fusion; we will explain it all on the way back.”“Back where?”“Back to Beach City.”Meygareath looked around, concerned.Not noticing, the gem continued. “Oh! You are going to love it there! It’s got all the amenities humans could- “The half-kelmep stood up. “I’m not going anywhere until you tell me how your fusion knew my name!”“I knew it.” Pilot clarified.“How?”“I’m a kelmep. Before the world ended, we knew each other. But I don’t go by the name you knew me as anymore. I’m the Pilot now, but I would still very much like to be your friend.” He put a hand on her shoulder.She gently held his wrist and took his hand off her shoulder. “Pilot? Like the name in the carving?”“He was my predecessor. The title is handed down from Pilot to apprentice.”“Then tell me, how did I know you?”Pilot took a deep breath. “Your ship took us in when we escaped from Ulndae.” He shifted to his natural speaking voice. “I sounded more like this.”Before he could say another word Meyareath embraced him, sobbing. “I thought I would never see you again! I’ve been so alone!”“Me too! I thought you were dead!” He put his arms around her, trying to hold back tears as she wept into his shoulder. For a while they stood. Steven briefly reached out a supportive hand, but Pilot flashed a smile on his screen, showing it was alright.Eventually, Megareath withdrew from him. “How did you survive?Pilot stood beside his mentor and patted his bicep. “This guy, Mighty Spark, saved me.”“You have my eternal gratitude Mr. Spark.”“I couldn’t well have left them.” He smiled.“Many humans would have.” Meyagreath turned back to Pilot. “Where is your daughter Pilot?”“D-daughter?” Pilot stammered. “Oh yes! She’s safe at home.” He lied.Pearl and Steven opened their mouths to question him, but Garnet and Amethyst cupped their hands over their mouths before they could get a sound out.“Do you have any idea what happened to her father?”Tears began anew on Meygareath’s face. “Barnaborous died searching for you. He wanted you to know that he loved you and your daughter.”“Barnaborous, the Helmsman? Your father?”“Yes?”Pilot gulped, his mouth went dry as his next question crept up his throat. “Meygareath, who do you think I am?”“The Pilot?”“Say who you think I was. Please!” He yelled, slightly louder than he had intended.She stepped away from him in fright. “You aren’t Roxillan?”“No.” He whispered. Pilot opened and removed his helmet.Meygareath gasped, though the kelmep before her was growing pale with shock she recognized the coloration and face shape. “Rod- Roxillan, forgive me!”“Was she ashamed of me?”“No. Ulndae threatened to have you killed if you ever found out.”“So Roxillan is my mother?”“Yes. Where is she?”Pilot felt numb, every time he had killed Roxillan flashed through his mind. He shook his head. “Nobody answer that. I’ll explain it to her when I’ve calmed down.” His voice was flat, as if he could not resolve what voice he wanted to express.“How did you get so mature? You’re not even on your second decade.”“Ulndae found me.” He pointed at his scar.“Wosvir ahi attlabakir! I’ll kill him!” the paper bandages on Meygareath’s right arm dropped and wrapped around themselves, forming a javelin.“Beat you to it.”She stared at him in horror.Still pale, still numb, still monotone, Pilot spoke to the room. “Would you excuse me?” He headed for a door.“Are you ok?” Asked Steven.“No.” Pilot stated, still walking.“Do you want to talk about it?”“Give me a moment.” Pilot stepped into the courtyard and closed the door behind himself.For a moment there was silence, followed by a furious yell, accompanied by loud crying and the sound of fists hitting stone. Steven approached the door, but Mighty Spark gently pulled him back. “I’ll take care of him.”As Mighty Spark stepped through the door Steven saw a brief glimpse of Pilot curled up on the floor, one hand clutching his head the other repeatedly striking the ground.Through the thick stone door, they heard yelling, occasional profanity, but mostly crying. They could hardly hear Mighty Spark; not once did he raise his voice. For a minute it was silent, then the door opened.As the pair entered again Pilot could be seen to have had some of the color return to his face. He had a gash on his forehead that bled quite badly. He knelt down. “Steven, you couldn’t give me a hand?”Steven ran over and kissed his forehead, the wound closed and vanished. “What happened.”“I headbutted a wall.” Pilot stood up, turning his attention to his half-sister. “How many xataar kelm did you make?”“Only a few.”“Then we got them all.” He forced a smile at his compatriots. He looked back to Meygareath. “In that case, you need to take your clothes off.” He began to undo the back of his space suit.Meygareath made a plethora of surprised and accusatory looks at the equally shocked gems and humans. “What have you been teaching her!?”“The humans in the city you raided are looking for you. You will wear my space suit and all of you will take the car back to Koras and take the warp pad home. I’ll have Axi bring in the ship and I’ll fly back.”“A flying ship?”“Yes.”“Alright, but we can’t get changed here!”“Why not?” Pilot asked, his top half striped down to a black chest binder.Meygareath jerked her head towards Mighty Spark and Steven. Mighty Spark had already turned his head calmly and respectfully, Steven was covering his eyes, blushing madly.Pilot sighed. “Fine.” He took out his towel. “Garnet, Pearl could you hold this up for us.”Thus, while the gems held the towel like a screen, the two kelmep swapped clothes. Pilot had suggested that he was fine in just his underwear and the conductive ribbons and nodes that made the base of his warp suit, but Steven, Pearl, and Meygareath had insisted he wear something, so he had put on Meygareath’s skirt.Once they were done Pilot helped Meygareath put on his helmet. “It’s so stuffy in here.” She commented. “Why do you hide your face like this?”“I don’t like how I look.” The others had heard him say things to the effect before, but the bluntness hurt.“Why not?” She asked, putting a hand to his cheek.“I’m ugly.” “You’re beautiful.”“I’m a boy nowadays.”She blinked before giving a smile of understanding. “And?”“Well, ‘beautiful’ isn’t really a word most men want to be thought of as.”“King Thorae was often called beautiful, and I can see it in you. Your hair, your face, your profile. You are my beautiful brother and I’m so happy to have found you again Pilot.”“Thank you.” Pilot wandered toward the river.“Aren’t you coming with us?” Asked Pearl.“No. You go ahead; I need some time alone.”“You aren’t going to hurt yourself again, are you?” Steven questioned, worried.“No Steven, I just want to collect my thoughts.” He gave them a thumbs up and a smile. “Go on then, the sooner you go the sooner I can stop moping, head home, and get out of this dress!”The others left, Meygareath and Mighty Spark hung about at the door for a moment until Pilot waved them off. Alone, Pilot turned to the river’s edge. The river moved slowly enough that he could see his reflection.His long ears were painfully noticeable to him, they were reminiscent of Roxillan and Ulndae, minus the whiskers found on the eartips of biologically male kelmep. The comparison was painful, more so than the scar. He wished he had inherited more from Barnaborous. He wondered if his current mood would have been lifted if a pair of light silver eyes looked back at him from the water, instead of the almost black irises he stared upon now.He blinked back into reality and cleared his head. Meygareath had called him beautiful, he could not see it, but the papersmith had always been straight with him. Even when, as a child, he had asked her if she knew his father she hadn’t lied, she had told him that it wasn’t her place to say. If his new stepsister said he was beautiful, he could believe it, even if he couldn’t see it. He could believe it for her.Pilot smiled, then looked down at the dress. Not his style. As there was nobody around, he took it off and tied it around his waist. For a while, Pilot wondered around the room, enjoying the quiet and temporarily free from his negative thoughts. He had gained all the answers his uncle, or grandfather he should say, had sought to deny him. The furious, deranged Ulndae, who had called him a blight on the Ephanta lineage was himself the only flaw in Pilot’s heritage.Pilot came back to the river and frowned, he glared at the reflection of his scar. He smiled proudly. “Ulndae. This has been a long time coming. If you watch me from some dark tone of the Chorus, know this. I disown you.” He laughed and slapped a hand to his chest, feeling his heart spin faster. “This man you see before you is not your family! I am the Pilot, and I am no Ephanta!” He caught his breath. Unexpectedly the words had hurt to say, but he took none back. He traced his foot along the water’s surface, the ripples breaking up the image of his scar, but the blackness of the dead veins didn’t entirely disappear. The nodes of his skeletal warp suit hummed and glowed blue. “I can’t push away my entire history, there’s too much. If I let my past push me around however, of course it will swallow me up. I have to accept I can’t change what happened to me and define my own life in the present despite it.” He brought his other foot in line, on the river’s surface.

Greg looked up from the sandwich he was making as the warp chimed. “Hey, welcome back guys! You were gone a while! Are you alright Pilot?”Meygareath, still fully enclosed in Pilot’s suit, was clinging to Garnet’s arm trying to keep from fainting again. The metal carriage that had been drawn at such speeds by some invisible roaring beast had been one thing, the ‘warp pad’, as the Woman-Pearl had called it, was a test on her sanity. Not only had the blue light replaced the ancient temple garden with this brightly lit wooden room but it had somehow shifted the time from midnight to sunset in the span of moments. She tried her best to compose herself as she stepped cautiously off the pad.“She isn’t Pilot.” Steven explained. “She’s his stepsister.”Greg reached behind him for something to defend himself. “Roxillan!?” He drew a small rubber spatula.Meygareath raised her arms defensively. “What manner of weapon is that?”Steven hurriedly stepped between them, facing his father. “No! Not Roxillan! Everybody calm down.” He turned to help the half-kelmep remove Pilot’s helmet. “This is Meygareath wosva ah Xataar Ahnlaskir, or the Papersmith in English. Did I say it right?”“Yes.” She said nervously. “Hello.”“Greg Universe.” He replied, subtly putting the spatula away. “Can I get you anything? Something to eat? Drink?”“I could do with a change of clothes. I can hardly breathe in this.” She gestured to the tight-fitting suit.“I quite agree!” Pearl interjected. “I always wondered why Pilot dressed so impractically, he hardly ever leaves the Earth’s atmosphere.”

“I’m sure we can find you a set of spare clothes! You can change in the bathroom, you could probably do with a wash to, I suppose you didn’t have a shower in that old temple.”

Pearl guided Meygareath to the bathroom and showed her how the utilities worked.While Meygareath showered, Steven, Mighty Spark, and Greg searched for a change of clothes and Steven filled his dad in on all that had transpired.“Roxillan is Pilot’s mom?” Greg echoed.“According to Meygareath.” His son confirmed.“How is he holding up?”“He was really upset when he found out, but he seemed to be calm when we left him.”Greg looked up to Mighty Spark. “Are you sure it was a good idea to leave him there so soon after all that?”Mighty Spark grinned. “I know what you mean, but Pilot needs his breathing room, he always has. I’ve given him all the support he will accept in one day. Knowing him he’s probably embarrassed about it. He knows I’m there for him.” A buzz came from his cargo shorts. He took out an old flip phone and inspected the text. “There we go! It’s from Axia.”“What did she say?” Asked Steven.“Pilot just came aboard half naked. Told me to tell you he is fine, and we are on our way to Beach City. He’s only wearing his underwear and the skeleton of his warp suit. Where is the rest of his suit?” He read aloud. “Told you he’d be fine.”“You left him without clothes?” Greg exclaimed.“We didn’t have any spare.” Mighty Spark explained. “He was wearing a dress when we left.” He noted, texting Axia as such.His phone almost instantly blew up with concerned and angry texts sent at a rate only an AI with near lightspeed processing could produce. Choice texts included, “You put my Pilot in a dress!?”, “Did Roxillan mock his gender identity again?” and, “Who did he steal a dress from?”. Mighty Spark watched the screen for a moment, not deigning to read all 99+ texts aloud with their motherly paranoia. A final text came through a few moments later, as he knew it would. “I just spoke with Pilot. Sorry for accusing. Will be back soon.”Mighty Spark put the phone away and helped the other two pick out some clothes, mostly Greg’s old merchandise, and handed them to Pearl, who took them to Meygareath.The half-kelmep stepped out of the bathroom in her sandals, a pair of jeans, and a t-shirt reading, “Mr Universe”.“Pilot should be here soon.” Said Mighty Spark. “Let’s go out on the beach to meet him.”With the agreement of the others they all left the house. As they stepped onto the beach a familiar car pulled up.“Mom? Dad?” Connie exclaimed.Connie’s parents stepped out of the car. “You aren’t normally out this late.” Doug explained. “We were getting worried.” Despite his words both he and his wife seemed calm and to be smiling.“You could have called.” Priyanka noted. “Even if you were out of your coverage area you could have used that earpiece communicator thing Pilot gave you. We still have the receiver at home.”“You mean the dimensional entanglement communicator?” Mighty Spark smiled. “I’m afraid that wouldn’t work at long range while both sides are in the same universe.” He strode over to them to explain further.While the others went to speak with the Maheswarans and tell them of the day’s events, Meygareath caught Greg by the shoulder. “A question, Universe.”Garnet stopped and turned around. “Sure, fire away.” He replied.The half-kelmep looked into his eyes, her head cocked slightly. “When I arrived, you mistook me for Roxillan and drew a weapon on me.”“Yeah, sorry about that.”

“Because it isn’t nice to be…”“Why do you fear her so?”Greg rubbed the back of his neck. “Well she’s not a nice person, she’s dangerous.”Meygareath narrowed her eyes. “Roxillan is a saint, she would never hurt anyone, she acted as nurse on our ship.”“I-I’m sorry.”She exhaled angrily. “Any other claims?” She turned. “Aar delmep! All humans are the same. Accusing all that is different of evil!”“Hey now!” Greg responded. He wasn’t aggressive in his tone, merely assertive, demanding a fair shake. “I’m not just calling her that because she’s a kelmep. She’s hurt people. Kofi, a friend of mine, she broke into his house, stole clothes from his children, and broke his arm!”“She must have been desperate.”“She’s tried to kidnap Steven and Connie multiple times.”

“According to Pilot she’s killed a lot of people too. I’m sorry I was the one you had to hear all this from.”Meygareath shook her head. “No, I am sorry. I heard the truth in your words when you first spoke, but I refused to accept them. How could she have changed so?”“I can offer some answers.” Garnet offered. She put a hand on Greg’s shoulder. “We need some privacy Greg.” Greg nodded and walked away to check on his son. “Pilot told me this in confidence, but I can see it would do more harm than good to keep it from you.” She sat down on the sand, facing the shore. She patted the ground next to her.Meygareath sat beside her. “Then you will tell me?”“There isn’t much to tell. When Pilot and Roxillan were separated from your crew, Roxillan started to talk to herself. It started in her sleep but apparently her talking became near constant.”“What did she say?”“According to Pilot it seemed to be half a conversation, she would switch between pleas for his safety and agreeing to something.”“What happened next?”They were interrupted as Pilot’s ship soared over the horizon at speed towards them. Its front thrusters were already open slowing it down. The hurricane like noise faded to a gentle warbling as it came to a stop above the ocean. The hatch on the underside of the ship opened and Pilot dropped to the sea. There was no hint of a splash. He stood up and skated towards the beach.Pilot wore not a space suit, which he had a couple spares of, but far more contemporary attire. He wore dark blue jeans and black trainers. His torso bore a black hooded jacket, the hood down, on top of a neon blue t-shirt. His hands were covered with thin black gloves. This was clearly not one of his disguises, his wavy line symbol was emblazoned in black across his t-shirt and the nodes of his warp suit were woven into the clothes, the only evidence of their existence being blue lights and two strips of conductive ribbon leading to the two nodes on his temples. A pair of sunglasses hung from his jacket pocket.“Hi guys.” He smiled, slightly nervous. He stepped onto the sand and the lights on his clothes switched off, vanishing.“You finally got it.” Mighty Spark grinned, clapping a hand to his shoulder. “Decent form for your first time.” He laughed proudly.“Nice threads fly boy!” Amethyst exclaimed. “Where’d you get them from.”“Axi and I made them a while ago. I was just thinking how much of a hassle a spacesuit is to wear, with the helmet and everything. I thought I’d try something more comfortable.”“Well they look good on you Pilot.” Steven assured him.“Yeah! You look great!” Amethyst added. “You gotta come to a party or something with me wearing those!”“Thank you.” Pilot replied. “Did anything happen before I arrived?”Meygareath held his hand in hers. “I know about Roxillan.”Pilot only brought her in and held her.

As evening had turned to night, Connie’s Parents had taken her home, Pilot had brought the ship to land on the beach and invited Meygareath to live in his old room for the time being. She had agreed and turned in for the night. Steven and the gems had bid Pilot and his mentor goodnight before also turning in.Mighty Spark opened a portal leading to his cabin, basking in broad daylight. He gazed up at the moon. “Of all the challenges that come with being an interdimensional traveler, jet lag is the one that still gets me.” He laughed to himself.“Old man?” A familiar voice asked behind him.“Upstart?” He smiled, turning to his apprentice.“Before you go, can we talk?”“Always.” He sat on the rim of the portal. “What’s on your mind?”Pilot remained standing, fingers locked together. “If all goes well in the future, I’ll retire one day. Pass the baton of Pilot on to Stevonnie.”“Yes. Are you worried you won’t want to retire? Things haven’t been too different for me since I retired, I still travel the universe, get into trouble. The only real difference is I come check on you sometimes.” He laughed.“I’m not too worried about that.” Pilot replied. “It’s just that when I retire Stevonnie will be the Pilot and I’ll be someone else. You went back to your old name after you retired right?”“Yes. Before Monika found me, I was Mighty Anti-Pilot Unit 101 1984. I took off the serial code and the words I found distasteful, added Monika’s nickname for me as a surname and took it as a name.”“What about my old name?”“What about it?”“to start with, my first name is distinctly feminine in kelmepi culture.”“I see, of course. Well, you don’t have to keep your old name obviously. I’m sure Meygareath knows plenty of male kelmepi names. Is there a male equivalent to your birth name?”“There is.” Pilot smiled. “There’s also the problem of my last name.”

“I have no Ephanta I wish to consider family; I don’t want that name.”“Well nobody’s stopping you from changing your last name too.”“I know. I had an idea on what I wanted it to be.” Pilot wrung his hands.“Really? What were you thinking of?”“Well.” He took a deep breath. “I hadn’t expected this to be so hard. I had this conversation with Axi on the flight over. She said yes but she doesn’t have a surname. Not that that matters! But she wasn’t the only one who raised me. So, I’m asking if you’d be my… I could be your… if you’d like to…”Mighty Spark stood up with a smile. “Do you remember when I tried to put you in an orphanage because I thought my work was too dangerous to bring a child along?”“It was less than a week after you’d saved me. You placed me with forged papers enough that I could pass for a half drow duchess.”“The best life I thought I could give you. You escaped and got back on the ship before I had left Waterdeep, twice! Then you said, in what English you knew, ‘I don’t wanna live with the elveses, I wanna live with Axi and you!’ I was stunned.” He sighed. “I didn’t know it then, but that was when I decided to live for you.” He put both hands on Pilot’s shoulders. “You want my name boy? It would be my honor.”“Thank you.” Pilot swallowed back some relieved tears. Abruptly he pulled back out of his mentor’s hands.Greg had been caught in the awkward position of not wanting to spy and not wanting to ruin the moment by starting his van. “Oh, hey guys! I’ll give you some space.”“It’s fine Greg. We’ve said all that needs saying.” Pilot replied, attempting stoicism. “Men like us understand each other, I wouldn’t diminish the old man with unnecessary words.”“No, you wouldn’t.” Stated Mighty Spark. Suddenly he drew Pilot into a hug. “Those words could never diminish me.” Tears of joy rolled down his cheeks. “I love you son!”“I love you dad.” He replied quietly.

Steven had needed the news of Pilot’s adoption, the upcoming mission to Homeworld was tying knots in his stomach, and the good news had been just the cure. They had celebrated at Bar Meria and Mighty Spark had invited some of his old friends too.The evening after that party Steven had dropped into bed and fell soundly asleep.Steven stepped into a parlor room. The room was windowless and illuminated only by a low fireplace. Somebody, possibly a man, sat in an armchair, smoking a cigar and reading a newspaper. Steven’s eyes were drawn away from the person, to look at the draws and cabinets filled to the brim with neatly folded newspaper clippings. He had almost forgotten he wasn’t alone when an impossibly distant voice spoke to him. “Greetings Mr. Universe.”Steven tried to look at him but was distracted by the firelight. “Hello, who are you?”“My my. You are special…”

“Most people don’t care who I am, they only want to know what I can do for them. No wonder your fusion with the lovely Miss Maheswaran is apprenticed to the Pilot. Congratulations by the way.” Steven’s attention was drawn to a packet of cylindrical items seemingly made of brown paper next to a packet of matches on a side table by the armchair. “Do you smoke?”“No.” The boy replied, seating himself on another armchair that he had just noticed. “How did you know we’re his apprentice?” There was the sound of paper hitting wood, Steven looked to see a newspaper on his side table. He picked it up, it was dated to the day Connie’s parents had met Mighty Spark for the first time. “I didn’t know there was a Delmarva Gazette.”“It’s my own publication.” The voice replied. “I mean, there’s always corporate meddling but I feel my stories get up close and personal.” They almost sounded passionate.The headline read, “Fusion Stevonnie Declared Next Pilot!” Underneath was a picture of Stevonnie and Pilot shaking hands, the camera angled so the sun setting into the sea was between them.“I understand the popular motive to put it on the front page, but page two is the better story in my opinion.” They said forlornly.Steven opened the paper, quickly flipping the third page over to the back when he saw a large picture of Kiki Pizza in a bikini under the title, “Beach City Babes!” He was about to call it out to the voice when he read the title of page two. “Steven and Connie: Love Built on Sand or Diamonds?” A photo of their first kiss had been placed beneath.Steven clutched the paper angrily. “What’s that supposed to mean? You don’t know anything about our relationship! How are you getting all these pictures?”“Calm down Steven. It’s not like you to fly off the handle. I share your feelings on that story, but marketing kept saying the people want romantic drama. Will they? Won’t they? I actually meant the article at the bottom of the page.”Steven examined the smaller article. “White Diamond: The Two of us are More Than Enough for Era Three!” The article was about a supposed interview with White Diamond discussing her plans for a new Homeworld, led by her and her mysterious new ally. The information was hedged in technical terminology and very ungemlike metaphors, making it impossible for Steven to glean anything useful for his plans.“Who are you?” Steven repeated, still cross.“Who would you like me to be? A friend? An ally? Somebody to feel safe around?”“I’d like that, so long as you don’t hurt anyone.”“Of course, I won’t hurt anyone.” They smiled. Steven found he could finally take a proper look at Garnet, sitting in the chair opposite him. “After all… I’m made of love.” Her gentle smile seemed genuine.“That isn’t what I-.”The alleged fusion interrupted him. “So, one week until it’s back to Homeworld. How are you feeling?”“Nervous I guess?”“Don’t be. Have you read that week’s Delmarva Gazette?”“That week’s?”“It’s still in the works of course, but here’s the first draft.” Garnet handed him a strip of paper that read as follows;

Steven Universe Victorious!

As he read the traitor White Diamond her last rites and lined the breaking point with her gem, few can imagine the thoughts of Steven Universe, son of Pink Diamond.

With the pulling of the trigger Steven Universe ends the totalitarian regime that blackened the first two eras of Homeworld’s empire. With his stunning charisma, power, and determination to forge a better universe by any means, Mr. Universe promises to be a turning point for gem kind.

It is said that, before these events, Steven Universe had never taken a life. Having captured and interrogated White Diamond however, it became apparent to the burgeoning emperor that his enemy was a danger to humanity and all gemkind alike. As his cross to bear, Steven Universe handled the execution personally with respect an honor. White Diamond’s remains have been disposed of in an undisclosed location.

Steven stopped reading, put the paper to the side, and got up. “I’m not going to shatter White. She’s under the control of a black spindle.” He headed for the door, only to find there wasn’t one.He turned around to find himself in a high up office, sunlight poured through the large window through which he saw a city skyline. Before him was a desk and chair, the desk had a laptop and little sign saying, “Delmarva Gazette, CEO”.The chair turned around to reveal Yellow Diamond, sized to human scale. “So, you don’t think you have what it takes to be a shatterer? Don’t think you’ve got the oomph to break a diamond? Relax kid. I’ve got something to give you, something of your mother’s” Yellow held out her hand.Steven gasped and fell to his knees as his gem flew out of his stomach into the diamond’s hand. “Give… give it… can’t…” The boy wheezed clutching where his gem should have remained.Ignoring his suffering, Yellow Diamond tapped the gem a couple of times. The stone glowed a violent pink. She threw the stone back to him, it slammed back into its correct place.Steven shakily got back to his feet. Suddenly, power, rage, and pink light screamed across his body. “WHAT DID YOU DO TO ME!?” He roared, leaping over the desk to beat on Yellow Diamond.Laying on the floor Yellow looked up and spoke with a calm male voice. “Steven Universe calmed down and apologized.”The pink light faded, his emotions back under control, Steven got off Yellow Diamond and helped her back into her chair. “Sorry about that.”“It’s all in the past.” Yellow’s voice was back to normal. “In answer to your question, I awoke your mother’s power. Of course, once you shatter White, I can give you power beyond even your mother’s reckoning.” She held a mote of black effervesce between her fingers. “Nobody will threaten your loved ones again.”“I don’t want to shatter anyone.”“Don’t want to? Then how do you think this story should go?”“Once we’ve destroyed the black spindle, we can talk all this out.”Yellow folded her arms as she lent back in her chair. “That simply won’t do! Talking doesn’t sell papers! Where’s the tragedy? Sacrifice on the altar of your convictions? Giving up on those morals for the greater good? I want stories!”A number of emotions fought in Steven’s stomach, perplexity winning out. “We’re trying to save the Earth and give all the gems on Homeworld a better life! You can’t say your story is more important than that!”Greg, having replaced the diamond, laughed. “Oh Schtu-ball, nothing is more important than my story.”Steven blinked. When he opened his eyes, he was at the shore of the Black Lake, across its opaque waters he saw Bar Meria. He saw no sign of his father nor anyone else. A hissing voice rippled across the water. “Your pacificum is childish. If you keep offering the hand of mercy to everyone that wronged you, people are going to try and bite your arm off.” One of the giant lily pads started to drift towards him, building speed. Remembering what was under it, Steven raised his shield. “And then you have to be saved,” the black water before him molded into humanoid shapes, Amethyst, Peridot, and Pilot, they stood in his defense, “by the ones who are wise enough to do what has to be done!” The pondweed serpent broke the water’s surface raising a bow wave before it.“The snake was just an animal!” Exclaimed Steven. “It couldn’t know it was doing wrong!”The snake reached the shore with a blinding blast of ebon foam. As the water obscured his vision, it became orange sand and blew away. Steven saw the beta kindergarten around him. He heard a familiar gruff voice behind him. “What about this one?” He spun around. Jasper. “Was she just an animal?”Steven backed away. The dust at his feet swirled to the forms of Smokey Quartz and Peridot, again at his defense. “I would have gotten her onto our side! She was upset. I can sort this all out once we uncorrupt her.”“She’s an immortal, a soldier who has been fighting for millennia, for a society you’re about to dismantle because you find it distasteful. How long do you need to ‘sort this all out’?”“As long as it takes.”“Will it be worth it?”

“It is very unwise to gamble without thinking about what’s at stake. This quartz isn’t even your worst gamble.” The sand rolled away and the high towers of Homeworld rose from the ground. Jasper grew and morphed.“I stand before you as White Diamond, the most powerful being in your galaxy, by the standards of the Pilot’s handbook, her power on Homeworld makes her a Quasideity, a god! She has unyieldingly run a voraciously expansive military empire for eons. Her flaw? Arrogance! White Diamond can never be wrong! And what is your plan to reverse this totalitarian regime? To talk her out of it!”“She’ll listen to me! We’re family!”“Blue and Yellow Diamond are as much her family as you are. They are scared, don’t you think you should be to? But perhaps I’m being too harsh.  Let’s meet in the middle and say that you can get through to her, but let’s also be realistic and agree it probably won’t work immediately. Until she comes to your way of thinking, you’ll have to defend yourself, yes?” motes of white light dropped from the diamond’s outstretched arms, forming approximations of Connie, Pilot, Mighty Spark, Yellow and Blue Diamond, Bismuth, Lapis, and the Crystal Gems as they touched the ground, all were at his defense.“I suppose I will, but I don’t have to shatter her!”White Diamond stood up straight and froze. “You suppose wrong.” A smaller voice said. Peridot stepped out from the unresponsive diamond’s dress. “While you hide behind your shield, your friends will defend you.” Peridot came in close, with a smile. “You aren’t a hero yet; you don’t understand what’s at stake. Don’t worry Steven.” A crack formed on her gem. “It only takes a few of your friend’s deaths.”Steven swiftly slapped Peridot’s deteriorating gem. His healing spit did its magic and knitted it back together. “I don’t stand by and let my friends fight my battles! You’re wrong! I fight with them, I protect them, I heal them if they get hurt! I love them.”“And I’m sure they love you.” Peridot’s gem spontaneously exploded into shards.Steven dropped to his knees to pick them up only to find them lost in a sea of shards. He looked around, no buildings, no floor, no life beside himself, only shards. Except he wasn’t alone, someone was behind him, but he couldn’t tear his eyes from the broken pieces.  The distant voice returned. “You can’t avoid tragedy Steven; it’s how we grow stronger. I’ve faced more than my fair share!”“I-I’m sorry?”“Don’t be.” It replied, its slight outburst entirely buried. “My tragedy drove me to heights of power my Pilot can never imagine. I offer you that power, so that you may keep what you love. But you need a tragedy to grow from, and sacrifice is tragedy in its purest form, it is only a matter of what you lose.”Steven rested his hand on the ground only to feel a softer patch among the sharp, hard shards. He looked down at where his hand had laid and gasped in horror, in among the shards was a patch of dark, human skin. Steven dug furiously through the shards, heedless to the cuts his bare hands received. He stilled his bleeding hands. Sticking out of the small pit he had dug was a hand he recognized, a hand he had held, a hand that had led him on adventure, a hand to wield the sword to his shield. The hand started to sink, he grabbed onto it, its flesh was cold. Suddenly, the hand grabbed back. It pulled him under.Steven’s next sensation was raindrops on his face. He opened his eyes to the grey cloudy sky and manifested a shield against the precipitation. He looked around, noting his newest location. A cemetery, green grass, grey headstones, and a deep, inconsolable sobbing from around a wall. “I like this story Steven,” the voice whispered, “at least you won’t suffer alone.”Steven walked silently towards the crying. On the other side of the wall were newer graves. He froze, his dream body rejecting the sight before him; an open grave, a small casket beside it, and Priyanka sobbing her heart out over it. “My baby! How could I have let this happen!”The boy went to comfort her then stopped. “Is this just you again? This isn’t funny!” He started to cry.Priyanka looked up, squinting her streaming eyes. “Steven?”“My blushes Steven.” The voice sounded amused. “I can feign a great number of emotions, but only the greatest actors may imitate grief like this.”Priyanka tensed with fear in response to the voice’s coldness. “Steven who is that? Why are you here?”“Doctor Maheswaran!” Steven ran up to her raising his shield in the direction he last heard the voice. “Listen. None of this is real, you’re dreaming. This voice has been showing me all these horrible things. Connie is OK though, she’s still alive.”“Yes,” The voice agreed, “quite alive. But if you’re going to become the ruler this reality needs, she can’t stay that way.”“What are you saying!?” The doctor exploded unexpectedly. “What sort of psychopathic... thing thinks of using children like that!? You will get away from my kids or so help me-,”The voice narrated. “Priyanka Maheswaran was silent.”For a moment her tongue stilled.From a distance, farther than the malevolent voice was another voice they could all three barely hear. “Was she?”“You don’t tell me to be quiet!” Priyanka roared marching ahead of Steven. “You are going to leave my daughter alone! You will stop trying to groom her boyfriend! You will stop with these threats! You’re nothing but a coward! Show yourself!”The first voice seemed to pace through the air, muttering. “Fuck. Fuck! Fine, you want me to show myself, Fine!”Connie angrily leapt out of the casket. “This is me! I don’t have anything to show!” She pointed to the distance. “That wandering, unfaithful bastard took everything I had in a single gunshot! I’m reduced to clinging on to pieces of memories! Look at this!” She pointed at her mouth. “My lips are over-pronounced by a millimetre and I’m at least five centimetres too tall! Just admit your obsession with women taller than you, you degenerate!” She snapped at Steven.“Why are you impersonating my daughter?” Priyanka demanded angrily. “You aren’t winning any friends!”“I’m not trying to!” Connie exploded. She breathed in and composed herself. “I simply have a warning and an offer. One day Steven, you will find holding onto your morals will force you to sacrifice something more precious. It happens to everyone, humans, gems, kelmep, it happens to all strata, from the beggar in the street to the nobleman’s daughter who got knocked up by a random sailor. When it happens, I’ll be there to bring your love back and give you the power to keep them safe from farther harm. My price is that you help me reclaim my lost love. You will find the price fair when the time comes.” Everything, the graveyard, the rain, Connie, vanished into a dark gloom. Priyanka and Steven stood together for a moment.Suddenly, a portal opened, bathing them in pure warp-energy-blue light. Silhouetted against the light was a man’s figure, the shape of the crowbar slung across his back cutting a clear figure in the light. “Hello? Are you there?”

Priyanka and Steven watched the man fumble around one edge of the portal. With a click he flipped the light switch and the three of them found themselves in Priyanka’s front room. As the portal closed behind him Priyanka recognized him. “You… you’re the Pilot, from the recordings Pearl had.”The elderly man clasped his hands together with a smile. “My good doctor that name was mine a lifetime ago, nine lifetimes in fact. Call me Archibald.”“Are you real?” Asked Steven.“Yes, I am real.”“Why are you here?”“I was tipped off that my old hound was giving you two some bother.” He looked up sadly. “I’m sorry it took me so long to help you.”Steven scanned Priyanka’s face. “What?”Some tears coursed down her still wet cheeks. “I’ve been having that nightmare for a while now.”Archibald held out a supportive hand. “Now now, it’s alright. Your daughter is safe, and the hound won’t bother you anymore. Why don’t you go dream happier dreams?”Priyanka eyed his hand suspiciously. “Who tipped you off?”Archibald ambled over to a seat. “May I? My legs aren’t what they used to be.”Priyanka nodded.He sat gratefully. “I was sent by somebody who cares greatly for you and Steven. I’d give you their name, but you don’t know it yet.”“Yet?” She questioned.“Well they’re yet to be born.” He explained plainly.“What?” Priyanka exclaimed, sinking into the sofa. “How can someone who hasn’t been born yet tip you off?”He realized the confusion. “Ah yes! I forgot how time works in your world. Where I now live, time is simply another place you can go to.”“And where’s that?”“The warp.”Steven spoke up. “You mean as in the spaces between dimensions?”“Yes.”“That’s impossible! According to the Pilot there’s nothing in the warp except pure warp energy, anything else would be erased.”Archibald chuckled. “You certainly put a lot of stock into his words Steven! Don’t get me wrong, Pilot is clever, but he doesn’t know everything. Now Priyanka, you have a long day at work tomorrow and if Steven and I don’t get out of your head soon you’ll wake up tired.” He got up. “Come along Steven, I’ll walk you back to your own mind.”Priyanka put a hand on the boy’s shoulder. “How can we trust you? You could be the hound in disguise.”“Do you think that I am?”“No, but it’s possible.”“Indeed, the person who told me to come help you out gave me a message for just this possibility. Aap apne poti pe bharosa nahi kar sakte toh kispe karenge?”Priyanka gasped and released Steven’s shoulder. “What did he say?” Steven asked. “I need some time to process it myself. I’ll try to explain tomorrow if you come by.” She replied happily. “You should go with him.”Steven stepped toward Archibald who stood up. The two of them headed out the front door. As the boy followed Archibald through the threshold he turned back. “See you tomorrow Dr Maheswaran!”Priyanka did not respond; Doug had appeared on the couch beside her and they were talking excitedly. “Steven called. They’ll be over in a few minutes.”“Wait, why is she ignoring us?”“We’re out of her mental forefront.” The old man explained. “We exist outside her dreams.”Steven looked around, from the exterior the walls were invisible, outside of the dream all was an incomprehensible jumble of ideas and images. “I’m surprised Dr Maheswaran can go straight to dreaming after all she’s been through.”“Ah.” Archibald exclaimed. “That is because of me. You see when my hound first found Priyanka’s mind, most likely by pure chance, they left a back door so they could return to torment her again. I’ve closed that door, allowing her consciousness to be lost to the hound among all the others in your universe.”“Well that’s good right? They won’t bother her anymore?”“Indeed. However, by closing the door, I have removed all trace of the hound from her as well. She has no memory of her nightmares, and no memory of tonight either.”“What!? You erased her memories!?” Steven cried.“Only as much as necessary to keep her safe.” Suddenly two new figures appeared between Steven and Archibald. It took little deduction to realize from the skin tones and bone structures they were meant to be Steven and Connie as adults. Both looked tired yet happy and Connie held a bundle in her arms slightly too high for Steven to properly see. Neither dream manifestation recognized the real people. Archibald smiled and tickled the bundle with one finger. “Gitchi gitchi goo! Perhaps something may remain in her subconscious after all. We should go.”Priyanka’s dream faded behind them as they journeyed back to Steven’s mind. Archibald lead the way as the random images disintegrated into white and teal mists and the mists gave way to inky blackness. Between minds Steven began to think. “Will Archibald erase my memories to?”“No, I won’t erase the hound from your memories.” Archibald replied aloud. “While she’s obviously important, Priyanka is still one of a fairly numerous people. You are one of four diamonds. It would not take the hound long to find your mind again.”“Did you hear my thoughts?”“You were thinking very loudly.”Steven mentally shelved his response to that statement. “So, I’m going to remember all this?”“Sort of. The hound won’t let you clearly recall his message while you are awake, he’s already buried it in your id and I fear the damage I’d cause trying to dig it up.”Out of the nothingness around them came a pink mist, bursting with images familiar to Steven, his dad, the gems, lion, Pilot, and Connie, quite a few images of Connie, quite a few images of Connie he would rather Archibald not see. “This is so embarrassing! How will I explain this to him!” The boy thought.“It’s your mind Steven, you can see far more in here than I can, just try not to think of anything embarrassing before we get to the seat of your consciousness.”“R-right!” He tried to think neutral thoughts. When his mind drifted, he replayed his conversation so far with Archibald. “Can the hound get back into my mind then?” He asked.“At the moment, yes.”“What do you mean ‘at the moment’?”“Your mind is wide open Steven, anyone with mind reading or influencing powers could just waltz in here. I’m going to teach you how to resist that. If you can repel the hound you can repel anything. Your mind will be a fortress.”“Alright then, when’s my first lesson?”“Tomorrow night?”“Sounds good. Archibald?”“Yes Steven?”“Why did the hound give me a message I won’t remember?”“They want it to become an unshakable paranoia, one that will cause you to make bad decisions while you’re awake.”“Will I make bad decisions?”“Everyone makes bad decisions Steven.” The old man assured. “The best we can do is resolve our doubts. So tell me, what doubts did the hound give you.”Steven took a deep breath. “They said if I didn’t shatter White Diamond Connie… Connie would…” He stopped walking as the images around them turned more violent and his fears resolved into a single, heartbroken cry. “They said Connie is going to die! Connie’s going to die and it’ll all be my fault!” He sank to his knees and the horrific images threatened to swallow him like a wretched cloak.The images distanced themselves from his body as Archibald knelt down and put a hand on his shoulder. “It doesn’t do to dwell too much on such grim suggestions, especially when they’re suggested by those who’d do well to see us hurt by them.”Steven looked up. “You think they were lying?”“One of the hound’s many flaws is their tendency to conflate what they want and what will be, implying that the former is the latter. I believe the fate of White Diamond and young Miss Maheswaran are as much in their own hands as yours. Let’s keep going, were almost at the seat of your conscious.” The pair of them continued for a while until they came upon a rather comfortable looking armchair. “There it is, the seat of your consciousness!” Archibald declared.“It’s a literal seat?”“It’s a complicated philosophical concept your brain rationalizes as a literal seat.” He explained. “You can picture it as something, someone, or somewhere else if you like.”The armchair was instantly replaced by the gems, Pilot and Greg looking upon Steven proudly, in front of them was Connie in a sundress, smiling and waving sweetly. “Welcome home Biscuit!” She grinned excitedly; arms open for a hug.Steven squeaked embarrassedly. “I didn’t mean to do that! I was trying for-!”“Home?” Archibald suggested. “But Steven, is home not where your loved ones are?”The boy’s embarrassment faded. “Yeah… Yeah! You’re right!”Archibald chuckled contentedly. “Remember that Steven, it’ll make you a fine Pilot. Before I go, was there anything else that concerned you?”Steven thought for a moment before remembering. “The hound did something to my gem!”Archibald arched a brow in surprise. “May I take a look?”“Sure.” Steven lifted his shirt slightly.The old man knelt before him and took out an engraved jeweler's loupe. “Hmm… it doesn’t seem that they’ve added anything, but they have released a power previously suppressed by your human half.  Your powers are bonded onto your emotions correct?”“Yes.”He gave a concerned grimace. “Steven, I’m going to put a cap on this power that will prevent the power from conducting through your human form, I’ll come back and remove it when you are emotionally mature enough to control the power.”“I’m pretty emotionally mature already.” Steven insisted.“For your age Steven. You are great at handling the emotional issues of others, now you just need to handle your own.”  He touched the gem, it momentarily pulsed with blue light. Before Steven could react, Archibald was giving him instructions. “Now Steven, this cap has been written into the matrix of your gem so there’s not much that can dislodge it. The only thing I can think of are Homeworld devices called rejuvenators, they entirely reset a gem’s mental processors. Your human form should stop it from doing that to you, but it will erase the cap. I won’t give you many instructions in your life but stay away from them.”“Ok.” Steven replied. “Is that everything?”“For tonight. Goodnight Steven.”“See you tomorrow Archibald.” Steven turned to the seat of his consciousness and returned his girlfriend’s embrace. “Hey Strawberry.” With that he drifted into dreams forgetting all he had experienced that night except a slight aversion to rejuvenators, vague hints of having had a nightmare, and the assurance he was the master of his own destiny despite it.

I’m not sure why I’m doing this. I’m not even a writer but here we are. This is an experiment, I guess? Something to strengthen my hands. I haven’t written in so long it feels strange to hold a quill again but I have to do it. I might make this something of a routine before I go into trance. I still don’t know what day or month or even year it is. I’ve been counting the nights since Ruek… Well… Since we met. I’ll put it like that. But I’m going to try setting this as part of a routine to give myself some semblance of normalcy.

Maybe this can be a marker of my life should I die and someone decides to sift through my belongings. If the above is the case, please place my body off the beaten path so I don’t scare anyone passing by. If the above is not the case, how dare you steal my journal and look through it! Have you no concept of privacy? … I have no idea who I’m writing to. But if someone did manage to steal this out from under my nose, hats, hoods, and horns off to you my fellow thief! … I don’t know why I’m being formal. I don’t know why I’m acting like someone will even read this. Only way that’ll happen is if I’m mugged or dead. Oh well. Either way, I’m gonna stop because my hand is cramping; let’s hope this isn’t my first and last entry.

My name is Zylas Doraith.I am alive because of a man named Ruek Dawncrest. He saved my life. He broke me out of the prison Veris Khalin died in.Ruek Dawncrest is the reason I am alive.

I am the reason Veris Khalin is dead. I attacked the man who looked exactly like me the second I took the job. I wrapped my hands around his neck and tightened my grip as I picked up that spellbook. I watched passively as the awareness faded from his eyes — eyes so much like mine — as I was chained like an animal. I beat my doppelganger bloody as I stepped foot into the courtroom. I cracked his ribs at the guilty verdict. I took his hair in one hand, his chin in the other, and wrenched sideways to stop his rattled breathing as they branded the body that he once inhabited — the body that is now mine — for life.I mourned my parents’ son as I was thrown into the farthest cell down the hall.They threw his broken body in with me, trapping me within it.

I became 8576. I became the numbers they chose for me. I was the marks marring my skin. I was the crime that led to the violent death of the boy who only wanted to help his family.I became “85.” I became the numbers spoken not with disdain or disgust, but with compassion and care. I became the person I was perceived to be by the man called “13” across the hall.

I became a free man, but not of my own accord. I was “85” until the day I met Ruek Dawncrest, truly, for the first time.That day I became Zylas Doraith.I was no longer a ghost in the broken body of a boy who wanted to help feed his family. I am a man who forced himself to stand on wavering legs and walk to a future I couldn’t see.

I will remain that man as long as there is still breath in my rattling lungs and life in my pale eyes.My name is not Veris Khalin, nor is it 8576, nor is it 85.

I met a family yesterday.They were being held up at knifepoint by some human bastard. The mother looked less like the half-elf she was and more like a walking corpse. The father was even worse off. He was a high-elf but from afar he looked like a reanimated skeleton. Only their child –a daughter, she couldn’t have been more than seven or eight– looked even remotely healthy. I was hidden in the trees by the road when I came across the scene. The girl was wrapped in her mother’s arms while the father stood in front of them, arms outstretched in an attempt to protect the two of them.I couldn’t leave them to be murdered. Before I really knew it I was chanting the words to Blur under my breath. One of the perks of having what I assume to be is a former murderer’s cloak is when you pull up the hood you look terrifying. Having six blurred duplicates come marching out of the woods with one Drow standing front and center, being the only one with his hood down is a quick way to make a human crap his pants and run in fear, as I have learned first hand. Lousy robber dropped his knife and ran. I picked it up and made sure the family hadn’t been hurt. The father thanked me profusely for saving them (once they were sure I wasn’t going to turn around and try to take their valuables for myself.)I ended up staying the night with them per the mother’s request, since it was nearly midnight and I imagine I looked only slightly better than they had. The father –Alexio was his name– stayed on watch with me while his family settled in for the night. He didn’t question why there was blood on the sleeves of my cloak and the edges of a bloody handprint on my face. I’m thankful for that at least. I don’t think I would have been able to hold it together if he had asked whose blood it was. He and I spent most of the night in silence, he was writing something on some seemingly very expensive paper and I was keeping eyes on the treeline we were camped near. I thought he’d fallen asleep, but at about four in the morning I saw him grab my bag.I’m ashamed to write that his organs were nearly the first test of my new blade. It was poised at his navel before he could draw breath to explain why his hands were in my possessions. I didn’t know I had even moved, it was just like I was sitting on the ground one moment, and then the next I was over him, trapping him between the cold dirt and my colder dagger. I felt his breathing become shallow with fear as the point dug into his stomach.I hate to say that I enjoyed the rush of power it gave me. I hate that I loved seeing his pupils contract and his face drop as his eyes darted to my hand that held the blade. Alexio could hardly draw in enough breath for his next words, something about having no money and writing  down a spell. I could barely make out the words behind the thrumming in my ears. I jolted back to my body like I had been dumped in ice water when I heard a child’s cry behind me. I couldn’t bring myself to say anything. I just gathered my things and left in quiet horror of what I had done. I left them nearly all the food I had though. Gods know they need it more than I do. I’ve gone for longer on less, prison guards can attest to that. I still don’t know why my first instinct was to draw my blade. I’m afraid to face the sickeningly good way I felt at seeing his face become pale in the firelight and I can hardly stomach the sweet thrill that went down my spine at seeing the artery in his neck pound.I’m sick for feeling these things aren’t I? I’m sick for thinking for these things again and again. I don’t know when I became so violent or why inflicting fear seems so good. I never used to be this way. I used to hate making people afraid of me. I know I would never bring myself to harm any animal, I’ve been subsisting on plants for the last… Week? Week and a half? So I didn’t have to kill an animal. But why is harming a sentient being not the same to me? Was everyone right when they wrote about Drow being made to inflict pain and nothing else? That we only feel joy when we are reveling in causing harm?I don’t want to be that way. I don’t want to think these sick thoughts, much less act on them. I don’t want to kill anything, sentient or not, but I know I would be considered naïve to think that I could make it in this “kill-or-be-killed” world. Am I going to have to sink to the same lows of the company I once kept? The same company that left me for dead, left me to rot for them in prison?I don’t even know anymore. My head and hand are aching. I’m going to bed. Goodnight journal.

I managed to get to a town, finally. Nearly a week of walking and essentially becoming a nocturnal creature so I’m not blinded by the sun, and it’s paid off. I do have a problem though, I have no gold to buy anything with. Hopefully word of the prison break hasn’t gotten here yet. That would certainly impede my chances at finding stuff like, you know, food and a place to sleep.    I’ve been camped out in the woods a fair bit away from the farthest settlement—a wheat farm—and I’m either going to try breaking in and finding the owner’s stockpile of gold and then booking it out of here as fast as I can, or I’m going to find the nearest stream and try to make myself presentable so I can possibly try to find a splinter of my old outfit to join up with, as much as I loathe possibly going back to them. I don’t know if they’ll even let me in! They might take one look at my cloak and just slam the door in my face. Or slam a stolen shield in my face and then introduce my organs to an ornate knife. Okay, so writing it out I’m being forced to actually think it through and it might not be a good idea to get involved with anyone. Or go into town at all…     I could always go back to what I know best. I could ransack as many homes as I can before the sun rises and be a mile out of the farmland before the rising sun shows the residents that they’ve all been had by a nameless thief that they’ll never find.    I’ll decide tomorrow night. The sun is rising so I need to sleep, otherwise I’ll be too tired to think through anything when it finally comes time. Goodnight—or should I say good morning?— Journal.

So it’s about two nights after my last entry, and I didn’t make out with all the valuables in the town, who’da thunk that? I did stumble upon a drunk man who had wandered into the woods though. He nearly gave me a heart attack when he stumbled face first into my camp. Thankfully I was returning from searching for some berries (I sadly had no luck in that department) when his face was rudely introduced to the dirt that was my bed for a good few days by gravity. He was out cold by the time I had picked my way around my little clearing and got my hands into his pockets.     Gods it felt so good to be back in the swing of things! That thrill of knowing your target could wake at any moment, knowing that every movement counts! Oh Journal it was like nothing had changed. I cleared him of everything he had. I’d netted about 15 gp, a house key (I’m probably going to find what little lock that fits to in a little bit!) and a silver necklace. If I had to guess given his accessories, the amount of money he had on him, and the intricacy of the key, I’d say he’s of a pretty high status. It’s odd that someone of his ilk would be in a tiny farming town but I can’t bring myself to care about why he’s out here. Maybe daddy dearest sent him out to inspect the farms or something like that. If so, thank you random daddy dearest! You’ve made a poor thief a very, very happy man! I know I shouldn’t spend it all in one place, but damn if the fancy doesn’t strike me to blow this all on some good food and a good bed for the night.    I was planning to wait it out and steal little bits of their crops. Not enough to really hurt, just enough to keep me going for a week or so with foraging. But this might get me some hard bread and dried meat for the journey and a night in a bed! A real bed! Look Journal, I know it sounds sad for me to be happy about sleeping in a bed and yeah, okay, it is objectively sad, but I haven’t slept in a bed since before I was arrested and I don’t know how long that’s been. A lifetime, it feels like… But this is bringing my thoughts to sad times and I don’t want to be sad right now, I want to be happy! I’m gonna go wash off at the stream I—FINALLY—found and then I’ll wait until the sun rises to see if I can get some semi-decent food and a place with a bed for cheap so I can save as much of this as possible.    I’ve also gotta find out what year it is. That might be important to determine how old I am… Either way, good night/morning Journal! POSTSCRIPT!DO NOT LEAVE YOUR SMALLCLOTHING WHERE IT CAN BE STOLEN BY RACCOONS AND IF YOU DO GOOD GODS MAN PULL ON AT LEAST YOUR CLOAK BEFORE YOU CHASE THE LITTLE BASTARDS THROUGH THE BRUSH!!!!

Four years. I was in prison for four years.I lost four years of my life to that Gods-forsaken cell. All over a book!A single SPELLBOOK!My birthday passed last month. I’m 23 now.I know I should be mad. I have every right to be. But I just can’t bring myself to feel much of anything. Dez used to say I would “turn off” when everything got too intense, and I think I understand what she meant by that now.Mom turned 47 this year. Dad will be 52 in three months. Dez would have been 24 next week. Elias would have been 25. I finally know why the guards slashed through the dots engraved in my arm; they were marking off the years I had been there. I was meant to serve six years for taking some pompous mage’s book. Granted it could have had some wild magics that were unfit for anyone’s hands but his specifically, or he just used his status and racism as an excuse to imprison me for far longer than I rightfully should have been. And besides, it was practically begging to be stolen! Held up in some bland room with no wards on the book itself, just wards on the windows and on the door handles and on the breastplates of the guards. I guess he didn’t account for someone skilled in breaking through wards to pop them off the windows and another person that’s well-versed enough in illusionary magic to make it seem like the wards were still glowing, and then just nick the book and run.Okay that last bit obviously didn’t work in my favor, but the plan was in place. It’s not my fault Elias slammed my head into a rock as a child and now I JUST SO HAPPEN to get horrible flashes of pain at the most INCONVENIENT OF MOMENTS OKAY? I need to get out of here. There’s a troupe of performers that’s passing through and I might just join up with them so I have some safety in numbers. They were talking about adding effects or something to performances last night at the tavern and that’s well within my skill set. I just have to keep my cloak stuffed in my bag so they don’t think I’m some crazy murderer (thank whatever Gods may be listening—or watching?—that I left that thing up in my room while I was eating.)You know I’m desperate when I say I’m praying for something. I’m not a religious man by any means but by the gods I pray that these people are kind enough to be my ticket out of here and to wherever they’re going next or I may never end up leaving this town. They’re looking for a magic man and they might just be able to see that I’m just that guy. They’ll be a welcome distraction.I’m going to bed before I give up entirely and just trance on the floor with this book in my lap.Good morning Journal, it might be a while before I see you next.

I’ve gotten in with them! This energetic little red tiefling took one look at my illusions and was begging their leaders to let me join! Apparently the one I have to thank for my new… ah.. Job? I guess? Anyway, the one who got me on with this group of crazies is named Vatyr. They also think we should be the best of friends because we both have curly white hair, which isn’t the most convincing reason to befriend someone but I don’t care, they seem nice enough.    The leaders of this group (Penn’s Roaming Dance Company, as I’ve come to learn) are Oriana, the head instructor for those who want to learn more feminine dances, and Vail, who leads the more masculine dancers and seems to also be the one who handles the public relations aspect of all of this. Oriana hasn’t said more than two words to me and I’ve been with this company for about three days. Vail is pretty nice, he makes sure everyone gets enough to eat, enough sleep or general rest.    Vatyr wants me to start being put to work right away and honestly I agree with them. I know avoiding your emotions doesn’t do anything to help you process them. It just stores them away to deal with in a much more intense punch in the gut when you least expect it but that’s a problem for a far future me, not for the me in the near future. The near future me is going to be occupied with learning when to add illusions and practicing on my own, with the musicians, and with the dancers. Sorry future me, current me doesn’t want to deal with anything more complicated than magic and not pissing off the people I’m going to be traveling with for this indeterminate amount of time. Vail is telling everyone to get a move on, so goodnight Journal! I’ll write in you when I next find the time!Postscript: Vatyr wants me to try dagger throwing on the side as well. I’m not opposed honestly, it could provide a welcome distraction that magic just isn’t doing anymore, since magic is second nature now but with dagger throwing I’ll have to focus on not accidentally impaling any of the performers or staff unfortunate enough to walk near wherever I’m practicing.

Dreams are confusing for Elves, that’s a given. I didn’t think we were supposed to ever dream but here I am, awake at midnight and writing about one. I was with Elias and Desdemona in it. We were in our little nook by the river and it was dark out. Dez was cuddled up to my side and Eli sat opposite us. We were laughing about something? I don’t know, but he looked at us with more seriousness than I ever remember him possessing and told us that we had to be more careful because apparently the crownsguards were on high alert from our last job. Dez tried to laugh it off and said he was the one that needed to be careful, since she and I both had magic to get us out of sticky situations but all he had was his body, wits, and tools of the trade.And then it changed? Out of nowhere we were all piled onto my bed in my home, my back was to the wall with them sitting together in front of me. Eli threw his arm around Dez and started trying to dig his knuckles into her head. Her hair got tangled in his ring—the sapphire one she had given him just a week before they died—and they reached for me to untangle them. Once I had crawled over and managed to get her hair out they threw their arms around me and called me their saviour. Gods it hurt hearing the laughter in their voices again. Dez pulled my face to her and kissed my cheek. I knew she was waiting for a kiss back, but I couldn’t look away from Elias. His hair seemed blacker than I remember it being, and his eyes were impossibly blue. He reached out and threaded our fingers together and gods if my heart didn’t leap up into my throat. It felt like Dez had kissed me for the first time all over again. He smiled with such fondness it took my breath away. He pulled me in with one arm and tried to pull in Dez with the other. She tried to squirm away but he just caught her by her waist and hauled her up onto his right leg, like she weighed nothing at all to him. He always was the strongest of us three. Able to toss us up over walls or haul us out of rivers like we weighed as much as kittens to him. His strength wasn’t wasted on trying to wrangle Dez in either. She put up quite the fuss, her red hair flying everywhere as she wiggled and laughed in his grip before finally settling against both him and I like it was the most natural thing in the universe. They started talking—I don’t remember what about. I couldn’t bring myself to pay attention to anything other than the feeling of them against me. They were tranquility personified in that moment. I never wanted to wake up.But I did. I woke up and they’re still gone. I’ll never tell them that I wanted to leave the group. Make due with the three of us in some new city where we’re just normal people. Not a trio of thieves, not a killer, and not a duo mages. Just people. Just a wood elf girl with a laugh that lights up a room, just a half-elf-half-genasi man with a voice that commands respect, just a drow boy that loves the other two with all his heart. Two songbirds and their protector. Desdemona, his little wren. Me, his little nightingale. Him, our ever-vigilant hawk.  I don’t think I’ll be able to rest for tonight.I’m gonna go practice with my daggers, hopefully Grog doesn’t try to throw me in the lake thinking I’m an intruder. Goodnight Journal.

I think I need to stop messing with daggers. I need to be kept far away from anything sharp. Twice now I’ve found myself running my thumbs along the blades pondering how they would feel against either the skin of my neck or the skin of my new friends. Why am I like this? What in the nine hells has possessed me to think these things? Vatyr’s skin is hot to the touch, and I’ve found myself absently clutching the hilt of one of the practice daggers they had gifted me and imagining if their blood would run just as hot over my hands as their skin is when they pass me a cup at dinner.I loathe that I think these things but I just can’t seem to stop it… I apologize for staring and they never seem fazed by it. He has no idea that I was staring not because I was transfixed by the way he moves with the music as I tell him, but because I was fantasizing about murdering him. Gods I must be going to hell for this. There’s a small girl here with us; she’s a singer for Oriana’s dancers. She was sneaking by me one night, probably to steal sweets from Oriana’s tent again, and I caught her movement out of the corner of my eye. My first instinct was to take the knife in my hand and plant it firmly in her head. The worst part is that I knew exactly who it was too! I knew perfectly well that the little figure creeping not-so-silently by my practice site was the same child that so often calls me “Mr. Zyzy” and tugs my pants to ask me to “Please make the illusies more brighter so I can see ‘em better,” and I think that if I was just one marble shorter in the head I may just have fallen prey to that sudden flashing impulse… Just the thought of it makes me want to run from here in shame.I hope to anything and everything even remotely holy they don’t look through you, Journal. I couldn’t stomach the conversation that would likely result from them finding this page.They’ll think I’m a killer, surely. That I would have no qualms slitting their throats while they sleep on my watch when that’s not the case at all. I’d sooner take a knife to my own skin than use it to harm anyone here. They’ve shown me kindness I haven’t felt since my time with Blue Cypress. Please, if you’re reading this know that I would never do you harm intentionally, though I’m sure you’ve gleaned as much from the digs in the paper from my quill.We made it to a city last night and I’m going to go explore to get my mind out of this horrible spiral. I’ll write to you later with my findings Journal, if there’s even anything interesting to find.

My name is Zylas Doraith. I’m an ex Blue Cypress operative. Though that wording makes me sound far more important than I actually was… I was one third of the “Eyes in the Tree,” as Cypress put it, along with Desdemona Siannodel and Elias Deshai. I worked with Blue Cypress for six years. I joined when I was 13 and left when I was imprisoned at 19. I was His left hand man. I was His Nightingale. I was the thief in the night coming to steal your jewels, but I was also the pretty songbird perched on the rooftop luring you out with sweet music only for you to be swept down upon and attacked by His guardsman: Elias Deshai. The hawk at His back, perched at the top of His throne and keeping a watchful eye on everyone, near and far, friend and foe. The bird of prey that would just as soon silently slip the rings off your finger as he would slit your throat and display your corpse as a warning against messing with his Keeper or his little songbirds. Yes, songbirds plural. There was another little birdie that stood to the right of the Cypress tree. She was His little wren. His thief in the night that moulded to fit any circumstance she was presented with. The lovely Desdemona Siannodel. We were Cypress’s favorite pets. We were the best there was. Dez was His oldest partner, having joined very shortly after the “planting of the tree” as she liked to call it. She was the first official member, and the youngest ever on record. She joined at age 9 and it was rumored that she was even Cypress’s adopted daughter or little sister. Neither of them refuted nor confirmed these claims. When I asked her about their relationship she only said that he had saved her and now she was working to repay her debt to him. She seemed so sad when she said it that I never asked again.Elias and I were a package deal. I joined at 13, as I already stated, and Elias joined at the same time I did though he was 15 at the time. Dez gained her position at Cypress’ right hand fairly easily, but that’s not to say she didn’t work to be the best damned thief there ever was. She trained herself to never leave a trace, more silent than a mage’s silent image. When she wasn’t training her body she trained her mind. She practically absorbed any and every magical text she could get her hands on. Every night she wasn’t on a job she was sitting by a candle reading and transcribing spells.Elias was naturally talented in his more strength related endeavors. He was big even as a child, and he never lost his bulk even through his teenage years. If anything he just got bigger, though that was less baby chub and more muscle. When you’re throwing two people over walls and fighting off drunken brawlers in a pub you tend to gain muscle mass quickly. He was very obviously strong, but he was deceptively quiet as well. I swear he could just apparate wherever he wished.He was strong because of his tendency to casually pick up both me and Dez (when she came into the picture) whenever he wanted and just place us on his shoulders or hold us around our stomachs like kittens. He especially enjoyed picking me up and placing me on his shoulder while I was mid conversation with someone else. That someone was usually Dez, who got an absolute kick out of it every time. I would go from just about eye level with her to towering over basically everyone else all because Eli got bored and wanted to fling me into the air to get some kind of attention (usually my legs dangled over his arm, but a few times he charged my back like a bull and my legs ended up on either side of his head. Those times ended with him nearly face down in the dirt so I could get down without having to jump). He was very much like a cat in that respect—a mischief-maker for attention. He always seemed to know when I needed a laugh too. He’d be walking by and see me getting upset or heated about something—usually my magical studies— and would get up in between me and the source of my annoyance and start doing strange things to get me to laugh. Because of his genasi blood, his skin had the feel of a polished gem, and would often reflect an amber light when he was standing by a light source (when we went on jobs he would be covered toe to ear tip in black or deep brown cloth. The only part of him that would meet open air was his eyes) and he would make the tiniest of flames in his palm—sadly all the magic he could muster—and would make the room light up with a warm glow. He would then proceed to make all manner of lewd gestures and shadow puppets on the walls until I either gave up on concentrating and laughed or grappled him to make him stop.Dez had a much different approach to my frustrations however. When she saw I was starting to hit a roadblock she would start to poke my arm. Those pokes would end up escalating into full-on punches until I was pissed and she dragged me outside to spar. Maybe not the healthiest way to deal with frustration but I always felt better afterward. She always put up one hell of a fight, and I didn’t win every time but I was usually so caught up in the flow of our combat I never really ended up caring who hit the dust first. Our sessions were always a welcome distraction. When I won Dez would always complain about me scuffing her boots or mussing up her hair when it was just as pristinely waved as it had been when she brushed it out however many hours before. She’d go on and on about how she chipped a nail or got dirt in her eye. I would go and look into her eye and there never was anything in there, so I would send her off with a pat on the back (and later on a kiss) and tell her she was absolutely fine. It was an odd routine we had, but it was our little ritual and no one could take it from us.I got so far off topic with this. It was meant to be a recollection of my time at Blue Cypress and I ended up going on and on about Elias and Desdemona… Oh well… They were a big part of that time in my life so I guess it makes sense that they would take up most of this… account? I’ll call it an account but I think it might just be little snips of what I can remember, standout events and such. Or it may just be about… I don’t have the strength to write out what I call them in my head. Writing always seemed so permanent, but thoughts are personal. Meant for me and known by me alone. Maybe one day I will have the strength to write out fully what they mean to me, and who they are to me. For now, though, those epithets are staying in my mind.My hand is aching, but I’m able to write for longer periods now, so that’s at least an improvement.

So… At least two people now know that I have the markings of a prisoner on my skin.

I’m trying to put my thoughts to paper in hopes that I’ll be able to organize everything that went down… I remember going out after I finished my last entry, it was probably a few hours before midnight, so maybe 9 or 10 pm? I ended up finding a bar and, yeah I know, that’s a bad idea. But I needed to get my mind off of those… sick thoughts, and I figured drinking was the best way, and I… well I may have overdone it a bit. I’m not proud of it, alright?

I just wanted to stop thinking for the night.

I guess the bartender—I remember thinking he was a very pretty human man—could tell I was wanting to get… well, to get to the point I didn’t think about my worries anymore. He gave me exactly what I was looking for. A good few drinks and a couple shots of some god-awful concoction later and I don’t remember much. Just some loud human men, something metal glinting in the light, and possibly being thrown into a wall? Or maybe stumbling into it? I don’t know but whatever happened I’m pretty sure that’s why my face is bruised to hell now. 

Vatyr said he woke up to see me gone from our room. He told me he wasn't too worried at first, just thought I had gone into town for some reason or another. He wasn’t entirely wrong with that. But anyway, he’d been getting worried when I hadn’t returned by noon and he brought up his concerns with Oriana. She apparently said I had probably just ditched the Company and that it was about time. I can’t entirely say whether I’m offended at her lack of trust or if I just want to curl into a ball, considering that she’s at least somewhat right…

Vatyr went to Vail next since Oriana was so blasé when it came to my safety. Vail took Vatyr’s anxiety to heart and they decided to search for me. Thank the gods they left when they did. 

They found me two hours after they set out, bleeding in some shady alley.

I was unconscious but I had somehow had the awareness to cover my wound before I had passed out which ended up probably saving me a lot of grief. That and the person (human?) that thought to stab me seemingly doesn’t know where to stab for maximum damage. (I don’t know why I’m critiquing my attacker’s anatomical knowledge, their ignorance is what kept my existence from ending right then and there in that trash heap.) 

But they didn’t want to leave me to die in an alley, thankfully. They took me back to the camp, just outside the city. Now I don’t remember any of this, but I was in and out of consciousness, fever, dehydration, and a stab wound tend to do a number on the body after all… They got me back to the inn we were staying at across town and started dressing my newly acquired body modification (don’t judge me Journal, I have to make jokes about a stab wound!) and they saw fit—rightfully so—to take off my bloody and dirty shirt. I woke up then.

In the middle of Vatyr pulling the sleeve off of my left arm I shot up and gripped their wrist to stop them, and I have to stress that everything I’m relaying was told to me by Vatyr. I had started mumbling and clawing at Vatyr’s arm as they tried to remove my arm from my shirtsleeve. I started getting more and more frantic until I was screaming and thrashing and fighting to hide my arm. Vail was seemingly unconcerned with my outburst, and was more worried about the now rapidly bleeding hole in my stomach. He and Vatyr wrestled me down. Vail pressed a cloth to the wound to stem the flow of blood and evidently pressed too hard for me to handle—my eyes rolled back into my head and I passed back out. Vatyr said they thought I’d died because I’d suddenly stopped screaming and had gone entirely limp in the pair’s arms. I hadn’t died, sadly.

Vatyr refused to look at me when they relayed this section of events. 

They said they were told to take my shirt off the rest of the way. To inspect my arms and back to make sure there weren’t any more wounds. Vatyr had obeyed and pulled off my shirt the rest of the way to reveal my… brands? Tattoos? I don’t know what to call them. “Marks of past idiocy,” maybe. Vatyr didn’t know what the marks were supposed to mean, so they overlooked it. They’d never seen anything like it after all.

Vail knew. He apparently took one look and instantly went paler than my hair. He told Vatyr to find extra bandages or scraps of cloth to cover them, and that I was right to want them hidden. But Vatyr, being the insatiable tiefling that they are, refused to get up from their spot by my bedside until the markings were explained. And so, Vail told them. He told them that they were the marks of a prisoner. He said that the numbers were for identification, that the dots were for years and the dots that had been slashed through was a marker of how many I had served, and he told them that the lines were for the severity of the crime I had committed… 

So now they know I’m not only a criminal, but technically one still at large.

I don’t think I have the words to really, truly describe how I felt when I was told that my sins had been laid bare while I was unconscious. Nor can I really transcribe just how far my stomach sank when Vatyr started shaking… They said they didn’t think differently of me, I’m his friend and I’m good to him and everyone else here and that’s all that matters to him. He’d started to cry then, begging me not to feel betrayed that they did what I had told them not to. 

I don't think he realizes that I don’t have the right to feel betrayed. I don’t. If anything he’s the one that should feel betrayed, or scared, or disgusted. For all they know they might be sleeping beside a murderer! But no. This tiny red tiefling, exuberant in every single way imaginable, was reduced to crying on my chest and begging me not to be mad about a shirtsleeve. I couldn’t even bring myself to hold them as they cried. I just told them it was okay, that I swore I wasn’t mad at them because I wasn’t really aware when I told them not to do it. 

Vail came in a few moments after I had fallen silent, seeing as how my efforts to reassure Vatyr failed. They were still a sobbing mess when he entered. I imagine he was waiting just outside the room for the right moment to come in, I mean the walls and doors of this place frankly aren’t very thick. He told Vatyr to leave but they stared him down with teary eyes and sat right beside my knees on the bed, arms crossed. 

Vail didn’t try telling them to leave again.

He did explain to me that he knew what I had been hiding. He set to work checking the area around my newly bandaged stab wound when he spoke quietly into my ear.

“I don’t think less of you.”

He whispered when he told how everyone has something they’re hiding, and that he wouldn’t ask about the skeletons in my closet. He stepped away like he had found everything satisfactory. He smiled at me and damn it, he looked so much like my father it made my heart ache… The room blurred and I couldn’t figure out why until Vatyr’s hand was wiping away tears from my face. Vail said he would leave me to recover and that I was to remain on bed rest until I was told otherwise. I tried to speak past the lump in my throat to thank him. Tell him thank you for not calling the guards. Thank you for not throwing me out to die. Thank you for treating me with such kindness. Thank you for not pressing for my story.

I couldn’t get out a single word of it, so instead I just nodded and let him leave with a smile. Vatyr turned to me once the door closed. They crawled over to me, wrapped their arms around me, and gods I cried like a baby. It hurt like hell but I just couldn’t stop myself… It took me a while to calm down. When I had, I asked Vatyr to please help me fill in what information I was missing, I needed to know. So, he explained what he knew, which is some of the above information, plus what I remember and what I experienced first-hand.

By the time he finished I was feeling more exhausted than I had any reason to be. I told him I was tired. He just patted my leg and said I should rest, that he would watch over me.

I didn’t realize I had fallen asleep until I woke up to Vatyr curled beside me. My head was swimming and I had to get my thoughts in order, which is where this entry began. I don’t think this really did anything to help me though… Vatyr’s been asleep next to me for the duration of this writing, his head at my hip. His innocent trust hurts worse than the knife did, I think. He’s lucky I went for my ink and quill from the table between our beds and not the dagger that’s just a few inches to the right. He looks... peaceful. Every time her stirs I can hardly resist the urge to run my fingers through his hair to calm him.

What's going on with me, Journal? My heart thumped like a rabbit's foot when his tail wrapped around my ankle... Gods save me. I can't afford to feel this way about someone again. Not after what happened to Dez and... yes, I'll say it, Elias. Damn it Journal I need to stop this before it even starts! I can't... I couldn't handle that kind of heartbreak a second time. My hand is starting to cramp… I’m going to stop this entry here.

Goodnight Journal… I’ll write to you again soon.

I had another nightmare Journal… I was in my cell, alone. The one across from mine—Ruek’s old one—was empty. Everything was eerily silent. Until it wasn't. A shadow figure, humanoid, began to move across the walls. It twirled and danced and began to chatter at me. It had no mouth, but I knew the sound was coming from it. It was so loud my ears ached. I tried to cover them to block out the noise but all it did was make it grow louder… Overlapping voices ripped at my mind, half of them faded into ugly laughter that made me want to cry. I had the distant thought that it seemed like the shadow was taking some kind of sick pleasure in torturing me.  Oh how right I would be. I squeezed my eyes shut and pushed my back into the corner of my cell so hard I could swear my legs and spine creaked at the force of it. I couldn’t escape it though. It was on me in an instant, wrenching my hands away from my face. How it became corporeal enough to do so I have no idea. Dream logic, I guess… It held my wrists in one hand to the wall. Please Journal, believe me when I tell you that I fought and kicked and struggled like my life depended on it. All I did succeeded in was getting myself into deeper shit. It’s chatters and whispers got louder and louder. I thrashed and fought and screamed but my kicks flew right through it. It sat astride my hips to restrain me further and as it did my limbs went numb and heavy, as though coated with lead… It pulled it’s hand back and over its head and for a moment I thought it planned on trying to bash my face in, but I wish that’s what it did now… It’s hand plunged into my chest, rending the breath from my lungs. Everything went white for a moment. The room was filled with ghoulish laughter from it as it ripped at my heart and shredded my lungs. I couldn’t fight. All I could do was scream and beg in my mind.  It wrenched it’s hand free from my chest and I was sure it had ripped my heart out, but when I looked there was nothing in it’s hand. I don’t know how, but it somehow pushed my back flat to the floor, even though I had just been pressed into the corner not but a second beforehand—again, dream logic— and slammed the heel of its hand into my throat.  It felt far realer than it should have. My lungs started burning and my throat ached from the pressure of it’s hand on my windpipe. I’m sure if my heart would have pounded like a rabbit’s foot if it hadn’t been torn to ribbons a few moments before. It forced the thumb and forefinger of its free hand into my mouth, prying it open as I choked for air. It leaned over me until our lips nearly touched, and all I could see was the unending blackness of it’s form. Its face split open in a grotesque mimicry of a smile, and a horrible mist, denser and colder than any air I‘ve ever seen and for some gods forsaken reason I couldn’t…

I should have been unconscious by that point, but dreams aren’t as kind as reality in that respect… Its hand in my mouth slipped away, but before I could bask in the minor reprieve it’s disgusting smile was on me… It tasted like the smell of a damp crypt. It’s coldness caused goosebumps to instantly coat my body, and the feeling only worsened when it’s free hand came up and pinched my nose. I remember vaguely wondering what the point of that was. It was already choking me after all. But I knew why when it released my throat and parted it’s lips, spilling that mist into my mouth. Gods, Journal I tried to avoid breathing it in, I did, but I couldn’t help it. I gasped for air but the mist choked me further. I coughed and sputtered until fresh air flooded me. But the mist still filled my destroyed lungs, seeping from my body onto the floor. It backed away and released my nose, letting out self-satisfied gibbers. It jerked me to my feet, forcing me to look at the cell across from mine. Inside wasn’t Ruek, or even empty air. Inside was myself and the monster. It held me in place, one hand holding me by my hair, and the other sprawled ever-so-delicately across my jaw, like it fancied that it could act like a lover would… My hands still flew through it when I tried to pull it’s disgusting claws away by it’s wrist. It leaned in close, and gibbered in my ear. It grew louder, louder, and louder still. Pain shot through my skull, making the vision in my left eye white out. It’s lips pressed to my ear. It’s voices synced together. It was trying to tell me something, I assume, but I didn’t care. I couldn’t care. Not when that mist seemed to pour from me unendingly and grow colder by the second. I woke when it’s clawed fingers wrapped around my neck again, and it began to dig in. I swear I could still feel the coldness emanating from me moments after I sat bolt upright in bed. There was nothing there, of course, but it was still horrible. I need to get up and get my mind off of things. I know Vatyr won’t like it but I don’t care right now. I think I might go scope out that one house I mentioned a few entries back, see what they have. Wish me luck Journal. Goodnight.                         Postscript: 

I vanished into the night again.

I went into that house. I found some mask with… It looks like three faces, I don’t know. It’s magic, that’s all I know. It was in the master bedroom, Mister and Missus Money, asleep in their bed. I crept in, yoinked it off the mantle and planned on escaping out the window. 

Nothing is ever that easy.

One stray mutt. That’s all it took. I opened the window, planned on clinging to the wall so I could make my escape unknown by closing that window. After which, I was going to jump to the balcony on the second floor, vault over the fence, and become one with the night. Didn’t work like that, of course not! I opened the window and some…

started barking. Apparently Missus was a light sleeper. It woke her and she saw me there, silhouetted in the window. She started screaming, started hitting Mister’s arm and screamed for her guards.

I’m sure his wife screaming and beating on him roused him but I didn’t stick around to meet his eyes. I didn’t even bother trying to land on the balcony below me so I would be able to jump over the fence safely. I went straight from the window, aiming for the other side of the fence. The estate’s private guards were on high alert. No doubt they saw me flying from the third story like a caped crusader. My ankles didn’t exactly enjoy my landing, nor did my knees. But the adrenaline was what let me get back to my feet and run back to the gap in the wall, all the way across the community. 

But… This is where it gets blurry. Literally blurry, not like a hazy memory. Every time I exhaled my vision would black out. I didn’t realize it until moments ago but… It was the same mist from my… Dream? Torture? I don’t know what to call it. At the time, though, I just thought it was my vision fading out from the pain of, what I also assumed to be, a broken ankle. It wasn’t. I ran and ran until I slipped out of the hole in the wall and I kept running until I hit the side of the inn the Company is staying at. Or… was? I don’t know. I climbed into the room Vatyr and I were in. I heard the guards trying to creep around in whatever armor they had scrambled to put on after they’d been woken. It was dark, and it eased my eyes to see the blankness of the walls, solid and safe. I took my bag—thank the Gods that I keep everything in one place— and readied myself to climb back out that window and just… Let the night take me, again. As it always seems to.

Vatyr was still asleep when I got in, and I had the strangest urge when I saw him… I wanted to just… Kiss his forehead? I don’t know why. I didn’t do it, either! It would have been such a huge violation of his trust but… Well. That trust doesn’t really exist anymore, does it? I made my way into the street below and out of his life forever. It’s for the best, I’m sure. I doubt Oriana would let me stay around if she knew I was being actively hunted by the guards. Hell, I bet she’d have tied me up and delivered me to them herself if it meant the Company wouldn’t be put in trouble for harboring a criminal. Not that I blame her, really.

I’m getting distracted… Or maybe I’m procrastinating, I don’t know.

But, I ran. I ran and I ran and I ran until I hit a hole in the city wall I thought I could escape through. The only thing I was escaping, it turns out, was my life of freedom. I almost impaled myself on the sword a guard decided to stick through at the last second. I think he was aiming to kill me, honestly. I managed to stop my momentum by grabbing the wall and digging my heels into the dirt. I turned and tried to sprint the other way only to find my escape route blocked by two guards. Three more closed in on my right and I just… I don’t know. My mind whited out in fear. “I can’t be caught again.” “I can’t be thrown back in that cell again…”  

I turned, threw my arms across my face like I was blocking a blow, and charged into the wall, head first. I knew, without a shadow of a doubt, that I would go straight through it.

And it worked! I felt this horrible coldness wash over my entire body; my breath froze in my throat and my muscles seized with both the sudden cold, and fear from the sickening pit in my stomach. I fought through it and came out the other side, literally. When I opened my eyes again I was several feet from the wall and fleeing on foot through the forest. I would love to see the looks on those guards’ faces as I did…

I did, but I didn’t have the soundness of mind to even contemplate doing so in that moment. I just kept going. I ducked under branches and jumped over fallen trees and did everything I could to get away. I think in that moment, I really, truly understood how the rabbit feels as it’s being hunted. The pounding of its heart and the awareness it has of everything flying by around it as it’s would-be killers chase it down, blinded in their bloodlust. 

But… I know now that dream was real, because when I finally fell—my legs giving out Gods know how far away from the city—that same mist from my dream was pouring from my mouth. I hate that—Gods… I pray to Olimrath that no one reads you, Journal,— I hate that I enjoyed the way it felt. It cooled my throat, and the thickness filled my chest pleasantly. It no longer felt like it was trying to choke the life out of me, but rather that it was coiling nicely inside me.

Gods, that’s horrible to actually write out. I would never tell anyone, but you’re… safe. I think. You’re something I can dump everything into and it’ll all stick to pages so susceptible to flame or water. If I ever needed to get rid of you I could toss you into the nearest river, or set you ablaze and never look back. It wouldn’t be like killing a person who knows everything about me. You’re just ink and leather and fragile paper.

Writing in you has helped me calm down. Thank you for that. The mist stopped curling over my lips a few minutes after I began writing, but the taste still hasn’t left me. Warm earth and rain… Such a strange combination.

I’m not going to sleep, but I’m going to rest, at least. I may not be shaking anymore but that sudden kick of adrenaline is still humming in my blood. I need to find a way to calm down so I can get moving again in the morning.

Goodnight Journal. I’ll write to you again sometime soon.

Hey Journal. It’s been a while, hasn’t it?

I’ve been laying low for… Well frankly I don’t know how long. Say, do you remember the paper that man put in my bag before I… attacked him? Well, turns out it was a spell. Invisibility, to be exact. That’s been more than useful recently. Duck into an alley and poof, it can be like I never existed. That mask has also come in handy, I’ve been able to take an apple as a human woman, a piece of bread as a half-elf man, and no one is any the wiser as to just who’s taking their stock. But apples and bread is only getting me so far. I can only be someone else for about three hours most days, and that’s stretching it. It’s… draining, to say the least. I’ve gotten thinner. Nights are getting colder, too. I can’t find anyone willing to let me in, even the poorhouses here are racist!

I hate it here, but I can’t build up enough food to leave, and it’s either go into the wastelands (where I would be killed, no doubt) or risk living in the forest again but the forest is, from what I’ve heard, crawling with monsters. I refuse to die in some back alley or cell though. I— Okay Journal promise you won’t think me mad?

… I’ll take your lack of sentience as a yes.

I’m thinking of becoming a mercenary to the King. Yes, yes, I know, it’s probably not smart. But it’s either I try for a job with the King or die cold and hungry on the street. I’m going to trek it as quickly as I can through the Foxwood and hopefully make it in time to test my mettle for him. Apparently what he’s asking is so dangerous that he’s having hardened veterans refusing his offer, even with the reward.

But, in the case that I accepted King Berk’s offer and subsequently died, and someone who knows Common is reading this, please refer to the first entry in this journal, and follow the instructions I listed. If not, also refer to the first page and read my indignation at what I think probably happened.

Anyway. Maybe next time I write to you, Journal, I’ll be in the Enchanted City as a mercenary for the King. (If they even let me in.)

I have no idea what just happened.

I just… was walking through the forest and some.. thing? Came charging out of a denser part of the trees to my left. I didn’t have time to draw my dagger, I didn’t even have time to scream before it was on me. It slammed it’s hand across my chest, pinning me down as it pounced. My head hit the dirt painfully. It’s jaws were poised over my face, just about to strike, when it stopped. It stopped and started at me with it’s malevolent eyes like it was trying to look

me. It’s gaze trailed to my mouth, then up and away from my face. It’s eyes rolled in it’s sockets like it was watching something before it just… got up? It growled something that I think was supposed to be a word before it walked away into the trees it came from and seemingly dissolved into the darkness!

I… have no words to explain how I feel other than confusion.

I think I’m just gonna camp here for the night. I’m at the edge of the Foxwood, and I should be able to make it to the Enchanted City before sundown tomorrow. I’ll write to you soon Journal, as long as I don’t get eaten by some beast or murdered at the front gates.

It worked! Journal, my plan worked!

I guess the King didn’t want to risk a Paladin on this but still it’s… strange, the other people being sent with me. There’s an old Wizard who I’m starting to think is a bit racist, a Jester whose name we don’t know (I don’t think he’s right in the head but frankly I can’t be one to talk), a country bumpkin kid who knows his way around a sword, and lastly a sweet little birdy named Pango. He’s been sticking to my side like glue since he was added to our party and frankly he just melts my heart. Journal I swear, he’s cuter than Eli’s dog was when he was a puppy. But anyway, we were told to work together and sent on our way.

I haven’t even told you what our quest is have I? Gods I’m sorry I’m just… scatterbrained. So much has happened today. We’ve been conscripted to fight and kill the Tiefling Warlord named Kaya.

She ambushed us in the Foxwood just a few miles out of the Enchanted City, but she didn’t actually harm us? It was strange. Foxwood is so bright it kills my eyes to be anywhere near it, but when she appeared it was like she turned off the sun! No one else could see her but me and… Well… She said there was something different about me. I don’t know what that means and frankly I don’t care. Maybe she was talking about the fact that I didn’t fall like everyone else. Maybe it was because I’m immune to whatever power or spell she used? What do you think Journal?

I’ll take your lack of response as agreement. 

Kaya is… a strange character. Most of what I’ve experienced all day can be described as strange, frankly. But she’s a tiefling. I thought King Berk ordered them all eradicated, but I guess she somehow survived. Then again, I had thought the same thing about wizards, and yet I’m traveling with one.

My little birdie is currently asle—————

    I can’t catch a break, not even for

    We went to a library today. I ended up stealing a weird book and a few simple ones in Elvish so I can finally try learning to read it, and an amulet with an eye. It glowed green when I touched it. I was drawn to it. I felt like I

to take it, unless I would be passing up a huge opportunity. Gods... I want to tackle past me. Well... No. Not entirely. I gained a lot of knowledge from what happened after I grabbed it but still... that doesn’t make all of what I learned any easier to swallow.

    I found a secluded area and started staring at the amulet. Nothing happened. I poked its eye. Nothing. I was getting bored so I wanted to have some fun. “Tell me your secrets!” I went immensely theatrical with that line. Deep, commanding voice, arms thrown akimbo, chest puffed, fingers wiggling, legs kicking out from where I was sitting, the whole shebang. I guess the Eye has some sense of humor because it started glowing again. But not just glowing, oh no Journal. No, it started

to me. Hundreds of voices layered over my ears like a cotton blanket, blocking out the rest of the world.

    Naturally, I didn’t expect this, so I asked it what it even was. “I am Everything, and Everything is I!” It boomed in my head. I thought this was complete garbage, and I told it so. It was acting so tough and self-important, I figured it needed to be taken down a few pegs. Nothing major, really, just poking some fun. Nothing so extreme as to make me deserve the feeling that fell over me...

    All at once, all over my body, I felt a horrible crawling sensation. As though someone had dumped bugs directly into my veins and let them run wild. Strangely enough the memory of being choked out flashed through my head at that moment. It felt similar. That wild tingling in your nerves; the kind you can even feel in your teeth. It was like that, only I wasn’t detecting any of the merciful blackness that would have closed around the edges of my vision, nor the fog that should have obscured the rest of my fading perception of the world. No, I was not to escape that wretched crawling through the sweet release of unconsciousness.

    By this point I was feeling, well a myriad of things really. Disgust, fear, panic, curiosity, they all roiled in my head. I felt a horrible certainty that if I looked at my hands, I would really see the bugs making their home in my blood. I forced my hand up to my face, shuddering through the sensation, and when I looked I saw—Nothing. Just my hand, plain as ever. I remember sighing in frankly rightful frustration. I was sick of these hallucinations, I still am! First Dez’s voice, and now bugs in my body… I need one day where my mind doesn’t try to attack me… But I guess the Eye isn’t as friendly as I originally assumed it to be, seeing as it didn’t seem to take too kindly to my frustration. That…

glowed again, this time bright enough to blind me. Icy air filled my lungs, sharp like breathing jagged glass. It raked at my throat and lungs as I drowned in the Eye’s emerald glow.

When my vision cleared, I was no longer in Raham Tower. I… struggle to describe what I saw though.

Dark, I guess, is an apt way of putting it? I could still see, but I think that’s only because of my blood. The one time my Drow heritage makes things easy for me rather than making my life harder, and it’s when I’m in some kind of dark hell dimension… Honestly, it’s morbidly fitting in a way. The ground—what little I could see—was barren. A white mist hung thick in the air. In the distance I could make out the faint outline of the library I had just been in; a bastion of familiarity in an unfamiliar and desolate landscape. 

Pango was still hanging by my back and was freaking out by this point. I told him to close up the bag and not to come out, under any circumstances until I explicitly stated that it was safe, and when I tapped his bag three times. He sealed himself inside and I set off for Raham.

loomed out of the fog to my right. I looked at it without thinking. It was… Awful. It was huge. Wings fanned out from Its back and vanished into the fog, Its head flattened and extended past It’s shoulders on either side, and three bright, piercing eyes bore into me as It turned and focused on me there—tiny in comparison to It’s enormity and all-encompassing

—almost entirely hidden by the mist that surrounded me.

    And it spoke.

    It spoke. Told me I was It’s “Observer.” That I was It’s eyes into Alamora. It said the shadows would “kneel before me.” It’s voice shook the ground, shook my body, if I didn’t know better, I would have said it seemed to pull and shake my mind. It told me It was the reason I’ve been hearing whispers…

is the thing that forbids me rest when I am alone… I asked It if there were others like me out there, wandering Alamora, unaware that they are being used as windows for this…

. I didn’t get a straight answer, though frankly I don’t think I could get one from It even if I begged. It told me It only selected people that It deemed worthy to be It’s eyes—It’s Observers—And that I was a “rare case.” I didn’t have time to ask for an explanation, because when I blinked, the air was no longer a cutting cold, and I was back in the Library.

    Everything that happened after we were dumped gracelessly back into the world seemed to go by so quickly. Pango was terrified, Akira (the country bumpkin kid I mentioned earlier) was a depressed puddle on the ground and refused to get up, Jason told us that the Librarian wasn’t actually the Librarian, but an imposter, I was begging everyone to leave, and the Faux-Librarian attacked the Jester. Jason wiped the floor with the Faux-Librarian and he and I went outside while Jester and Akira did Gods-know-what in there.

    I remember very vividly that Jason finally called me by my name, though. He was panicking, asking me if I had seen the Librarian. I told him I had, and then the events previously stated took place. 

    Gods what I wouldn’t give for a drink right now. If I didn’t have to be here to clear my bounty I would march all the way to Brastow and get wasted right now. At least I’d get to see that bartender again. He was easy on the eyes at least… Really nice too. Say Journal, do you think I’d have a shot with him? Maybe if he swings that way… Could be a good way to blow off some steam… Know what? I’ll pop that in my back pocket for later, if we make it back from our Wastelands excursion. And if he doesn’t bat for that team, oh well. At least I’ll get some good ale and an even better conversation partner. Either way it’s a win-win for me. 

    I showed Pango some magic not too long ago. He was particularly impressed by the Mask I picked up a while back. I… Well. I became Elias when I put it on. He was the first person that popped into my head. Pango… Asked me some pretty hard questions. Namely “Who are you supposed to be, Zylas?” Journal how do I answer that? I really don’t know. I just told him that I’m still figuring it out and that he didn’t need to worry about it.

    Akira went out to train, and I’m taking watch for when he comes back. Pango is asleep on my leg, Jester is… Well frankly I don’t know if that guy sleeps, or trances or what honestly, but he’s being quiet. And Jason is asleep by the fire. I’m gonna keep an eye out now. Goodnight Journal. Hopefully nothing goes wrong.

    Postscript: Werewolves almost attacked us but Akira used the Librarian’s old weapon (which is apparently made of the sun!? What!?) to scare them off. We set out for Luga and made it there unharmed. It also seems that there aren’t any wanted posters of me, Dez, Eli, or Cypress, which is a relief. 

    Jason is giving me a funny look, so I’m just gonna put you away and drink. Hopefully the buzz will drown out the watched feeling I'm getting...

I thought I killed Nightingale years ago.

I thought he died with Veris Khalin, beaten and bloody in that cold stone cell. He didn’t though. He lurked in the shadows, watching me, waiting for me. He sat up in that little window in the hall, body warped and twisted to weave through the bars. He sang the same tunes I once did, now through split lips and bloody teeth.

Words that once brought me comfort now spilled from his lips and seeped into my blood like poison. His eyes, pale green like mine, glowed menacing and neon from the too-dark shadows of our cell. His once charming grin sharpened as he smiled at my suffering. But I escaped him for a short time. I ran from him and the ghost of the boy I murdered in cold blood with ashes in my hair, blood on my boots, and darkness staining my lips. 

I didn’t think he would follow me.

Cypress is the one that led him directly to me. He held me, kicking and screaming, and forced me to face the Nightingale. I don’t know how Cypress found me, but he did. I didn’t think it was even him. He’s changed so much. He came in covered head to toe in fabric and pain, and on his shoulder, still singing that wretched song, was the Nightingale I once was. The bird’s mouth gaped at me, in what I believe to be a twisted mimicry of my own expression, as I was called by

name. Cypress didn’t seem to notice the grotesque ghost hanging on his shoulder, but I did. I saw his gaze flit from his master, to Pango—now hanging in Cypress’ grip and screaming screaming

—to me. His malevolent eyes (had they always been so bright?) fixated on me.

My blood fell in clotted chunks from his teeth.

I begged for mercy. He did not answer.

I screamed for something I knew would answer me. It did. That

that resides in an in-between answered my pleas. It’s mist wove around me. It mercifully numbed me to everything but rage. It freed me from the binds Cypress had trapped me with—only physically. I don’t think I’ll be free of the bird cage he so kindly put me in— and I lunged for the bird that has followed me for so long.

I hit Cypress instead. I had expected an all-consuming rage to cloud my vision but I could see just fine. In fact, I saw

I tackled him to the ground and wrapped my hands around his throat as a jolt shot through me like lightning. My nerves lit ablaze as I threw myself bodily into the idea that I was going to strangle him to death. Right then and there. His heart infuriatingly refused to pound under the cage of my fingers, but I knew it would. As he faded, as his eyes became bloodshot, his heart would give that flutter I craved.

He still had the breath—the

"Either you kill me, or you save the life of your penguin friend."

Pango is sleeping near me as I write this.

A bird is singing outside, and I don’t have the courage to look up and see if it’s him or not… The song is drowning out the whispers now.

Journal, I almost killed someone I knew today. I genuinely wanted to. I can’t even bring myself to feel remorse either… I’m becoming the monster he wanted me to be, I think. I’m going to let it happen too. If it’ll let me take him out of this world. The man I knew would never have wanted to become this perverted version of him. 

I need rest. Goodnight Journal. I just hope that wretched bird will leave, and that my necklace stops blinking at me…

    Elias and I had been friends nearly our whole lives. We stuck out like sore thumbs in the tiny village of humans that bordered the Wastes. Our town was so small you couldn’t find it on any maps, and everyone knew everyone. You know, they say familiarity breeds contempt. I never thought that was true. But looking back now, I’d say it is, in the case of our little town. Laeida, they called it. Apparently it was founded by a group of Elves and humans decades ago, but the Elves died out and all that was left was the little population of humans. They never changed the name to a Common name though. I wonder why. But, anyway, back to the topic at hand.

    Elias and I were the only kids there who looked different. I was purple, and he shone in the sun like a polished gem, of course we would stand out. Elias always stood tall though. He was proud of who he was. His father was a descendant of Fearann, one of the most powerful Genie ever to exist. It’s said that he shook the land so deeply even the Merfolk felt it tremble in their secluded sea homes. His father wasn’t as strongly an earth-shaker as some others, but it’s said that his hands and voice were always steady. I never met the man, but Eli’s eyes would shine with admiration when he spoke of his father and his mother would smile wistfully when she told us stories of him. He’d died when Elias was just a year old, and his mother had to raise him by herself.

    He wasn’t only proud of his Genasi blood though. He kept his hair short to proudly display the point to his ears, and sometimes, when we were walking through the streets, he would start to sing Elvish lullabies or work tunes. His mother was a wood elf. Funnily enough I think “willowy” would be the best way to describe her. She stood tall, dwarfing me, but Elias stood head and shoulders above her. She spoke softly and smiled often. She was a comforting person, always welcoming me in when I would show up at ungodly hours of the night, usually after a dangerous job. She never asked questions, just pulled me inside and set me at the dining table of their tiny house and started making tea. Sometimes Elias would wake and stumble in half asleep, other times it would just be me and her, quietly drinking tea until the sun rose or she waved me to Elias’s bedroom so I could get some rest and not stay up for too many hours at a time. 

    When Elias would wake and dawn was several hours off, he would pull me into the bedroom himself and sit me on the bed. He’d sit on the floor in front of me and wait until I was able to breathe steadily, and then demand I spill my guts to him. I always would. He’d sit in silence for a bit, then nod and say “Right.” decisively. He would either take my hand and drag me out his bedroom window and up to the rickety roof—that thing always seemed one wrong step away from caving in—to watch the stars and moon sink and the sun rise, or he would start to quiz me on my elvish. It might seem strange, but it always helped me get my mind off of what had made me run to his house in the first place. 

    My parents always thought that if I didn’t come home, I was with Elias, and vice versa for his mother and my home. It made doing late-night jobs quite easy, and since we lived on opposite ends of Laeida, our parents never thought to walk all the way across town to see if we were actually where we said we were. Sleepovers were common though. If Elias was sent as muscle for a job by Cypress and was too tired to walk home, he would just climb in through my bedroom window and stay with me. It was… easy. We’d been inseparable for years, so it felt right to be near each other often.

    He was a very easy to spot person when he wasn’t in his work clothes. He was big, he glinted in the sun, and his eyes glittered in firelight like the fine sapphires I was often sent to steal from Lugan nobles. He was often the target of insults because of his strange characteristics, but he never resorted to violence against the other kids, even when we were young. He just squared his shoulders and bore it, though it was only the brave or stupid kids that would target him. Most were afraid because he was so big, and eventually it even spared me from the bullies as well. The reason we even met was because I was being attacked by a group of human kids who were much bigger than me. They had backed me into a corner and were throwing stones at me. I was curled in a ball, trying to just wait out their torment when it all suddenly stopped. I hadn’t heard the kids run away, and their little leader hadn’t called the order to leave me be for the day either. I opened my eyes and there was Elias, standing in the way of the bullies’ onslaught. He just stood there silently blocking them until they ran out of stones to throw and just… left. 

Ever since then I stuck by his side. At first it was just for safety, but that quickly just became a nice little bonus. We became fast friends, rarely going into town without each other. I realized very quickly that I was able to completely disappear when I hid behind him, and we would take full advantage of that. He would spot kids coming our way and tap my wrist or shoulder and I’d swivel to the side and just vanish completely.We thought was hilarious. My bullies on the other hand… Not so much. They took to calling me “Fly” and “Little Shadow” (That last one was more often than not a jab at both my proximity to Elias and… Well… The fact that I’m a bit darker than a normal human…) 

I stopped running from them then. I stopped lying, stopped telling my mom and dad that the bruises were from me tripping, that the cuts were from being clumsy. I didn’t need to. I started slipping just out of sight. I think that’s where my (for lack of better words) adrenaline addiction began. The thrill of hiding less than three feet away from them as they looked for me was unparallelled to a young me. If my “wall” (as some girls took to calling Elias) was not around I began to slip into alleyways to avoid them. I remember one time my main bully—Deward Dunwich was his name— had it out for me quite a bit one day. Elias was home sick with a fever so I had been left to fend for myself. I’d been on my way to get some sweets for him (I’d been planning to sneak into his room and share them with him. Happiness is the best medicine after all.) and I’d been able to get them without incident. But the bakery was much closer to my house than his, so I had to walk all the way across town to get the pastries to him. Dunwich chose to strike as I was halfway there. Him and his goons—they were people I thought had been friends of mine at one point, oh how wrong I was—ambushed me near Fiora’s house. They drove me into the alley. One of them—Cleo. I’d recognise those wild eyes anywhere. He taught me to climb trees you know, a lifetime ago— started trying to poke at me with a stick like I was an animal.

I couldn’t escape, they had me backing myself into a corner to get away from their onslaught. I was frantically looking “Where can I go, jump through the window? No that’ll get me in so much trouble! Maybe…?” My gaze fell on a slope in the roof. I could jump. I could make it. One boy threw a rock that slammed into my shoulder. Cleo’s stick rammed for my eye. I jumped. And I made it. I scrambled up on the roof like a brigand running with his spoils. None of them could jump high enough to get me. Cleo tried, and when he couldn’t reach he drew back his arm. I had a brief second where I distantly realized that he had just thrown his stick at my head. It missed, of course, seeing as my feet had a mind of their own and were sending me flying over the rooftops.

I ended up running over the tops of the houses all the way to the edge of town, where they got so spaced out that my legs couldn’t carry me anymore. It took me quite some time to figure out how to get down. I felt like a cat stuck up a tree, just minus the claws and pitiful mewling. I ended up stepping on a windowsill (I think it was Josie’s house? I saw a chair on the porch that might’ve been hers.) and walked on shaky legs to Elias’s house. I then enacted my plan, that being: sneak in and share my treasure! I’ll never forget the look on his face when I showed him the sugar buns. You’d think I’d just dumped three month’s pay in his lap. This was when we worked for Cypress you see. 

He started eating, but then he took one look at my scratched face and dirty clothes and immediately set aside his sweets to ask me what happened. I explained it all, of course I did. I couldn’t just leave him in the dark about my daring sugar conquest now could I? I got a bit too loud though. His mother came running in, sewing needle and dress still in hand to see what all the noise was. Once she saw it was me she just shook her head and went back to her work. She was the best seamstress in town.

I ended up staying with Elias again that night. His fever spiked and I didn’t want to leave him. His mother was exhausted, it was easy to see. Her usually proud posture was drooping like a plant without water. Dark bags and worry lines marred her smiling face. I told her I’d sit vigil with him for the night, and she didn’t have it in her to fight. I ran back home quickly (I felt like I was flying over the city as I stepped lightly from the top of one home to another, silent as a ghost) to tell my parents that I was staying the night. They didn’t mind, thankfully, and I stayed the rest of the night at his bedside.

He'd tossed and turned as he slept and he woke once asking for water, but otherwise the night was uneventful. His fever broke a couple days later, and he silently took up his mantle as my guardian again even though I swore he didn’t need to. All he had to say against my protests was “Your bruises say otherwise.” I couldn’t exactly argue with that or make him do anything he didn’t want to, so I let him keep watch over me. He kind of had a point though… I did tend to get less bruises when he was around. 

    He was my light in the storm. The one I could run to if I needed a break from the world. I hope I was the same for him… He was always a very gentle person. I guess that’s why working with him and then coming home was so… strange. It’s like he was an entirely different person. I was too, to be fair. At work I put on my best smile, I leaned in just right, asked the right questions to keep people distracted. I was the face of the operation. Elias was the muscle. All he would have to do is lean on a door frame and stare intensely at whatever shopkeep thought themself above paying their dues or  and boom! Instant compliance. You know Journal, he once told me that he was afraid to hug me because he thought he would accidentally snap me in half? How crazy is that! I told him as much, and he just shook his head and didn’t say anything more on it.

    He did accidentally hurt me, only once. He’d been throwing stones over the lake by our hideout. I had seen him a little ways away and got the idea in my head to swim to the middle of the lake and pop up to scare him. A friendly little prank, right? I stripped, hid my clothes behind a rock, slipped into the water, and got to swimming.

also had the idea to start testing his strength by hucking larger and larger stones into the lake! So when some dark shape pops out of the water and lunges, his immediate response is apparently to throw whatever is in his hand as

. Let’s just say he had to do some fishing to get me out of there and had to carry me, soaking and naked and bloody, all the way back home. I don’t remember this at all, but he was very shaken up about it. Something about the lake having dangerous stuff in it that caused the wound to become infected and had almost killed me. 

    He stopped throwing rocks into that lake, and I never tried to sneak up on him again. He also would lead me to a quiet and dark place if the pains ever got too bad. If there was none nearby he would pull me into a hug and cover my ears to block out the noise. I think he was guilty about that. I never blamed him though. It was an accident, and you can’t really get mad about accidents.

    I miss him, Journal. I’d give anything to have him at my back again. Him

Dez. But you can’t resurrect the dead, and you can’t change the past, no matter how hard you try...

    I’m gonna lay back down. My head is starting to hurt again. Goodnight Journal.

    I’m starting to wish I just went to a work house to pay my bounty, rather than going on this quest. 

    I’m going home, Journal. I’m not ready, but it’s the only safe place I know to go. Luga… Luga was

because of me. Because people are after me. I don’t know if they’re with Cypress, or if they’re bounty hunters, or what, but they attacked everyone. Jester… He’s hurt bad. He can’t walk, I think they broke his back or something. The woman of that group stabbed him to ribbons, too. Akira was tossed around like a rag-doll. Thestrongest of our group, Journal. Their dragon—

. He can apparently transform into an Orc as well—picked up our powerhouse and tossed him aside like he was no threat. He was in his Orcish form when he decided it would be a good idea to break Jester’s back and tackle me to the ground so he could punch my face in. Jason was attacked before we were even faced with this other group. That thing that was hovering over him… It was a shadow monster. The same one that gleefully tortured me in my dream.

    I was powerless to stop it. Had Akira come even a second later I think that thing may have sucked out Jason’s soul and then come to me to finish the job it started so many weeks ago. But no. Akira came in, Sun Blade in hand, and saved us. I had to find Jester to make sure he hadn’t been attacked either, but he was just fine, by that point, at least… With Jason comatose and no way to know where we needed to go, I stepped up to lead the way to Laeiða. I know, I know. It’s stupid. But I didn’t know what else to do! We were on our way when… Well when we were attacked by those people.

    They were after

I think… I think I need to just go, Journal. These people don’t deserve the strife I’m bringing them. They don’t deserve the pain that should sit squarely on my shoulders and mine alone. They’re

Journal. Not like me. Had they met me a few years earlier they wouldn’t have spared me a second glance. Hell, Jason might’ve attacked me, or at the very least spit at me. I wouldn’t have been much better. Probably bumped into them,

“I’m sorry’s”

abound, and they wouldn’t notice until I was gone that they no longer had their coin purses, and maybe Jester’s dagger would have gone missing as well. Who knows? Or maybe Dez and I would have done “

A disguise, her running from some unseen threat, and slamming into someone. Akira, maybe. I slip by, apologize to them, nab something of Jason’s, and call for her to

“please wait! It’s alright!”

“wait up, don’t leave me behind Lilly!”

    Lilly. That was a common name of hers. Dunno why, but I never really needed to know. It worked for our purposes. Mine was Paddock. Paddock Whitlaw. Elias was the odd one out. He never stuck to one name. I guess he was smarter than us in that regard, seeing as there’s now a bounty out for a wood elf named Paddy and a human named Lilly. Whoops.

    I don’t think it’s safe for me to go home. I know it’s not. But we’re almost there, and if I remember correctly, Anna is a doctor. Or at least, someone who knows something of healing. We might be able to treat Jester there. He gets healed, they set off, I say my goodbyes to them, and they save the world. I’ll hear about them a little later, spoken of in hushed and reverent tones. Or maybe I won’t. Maybe I’ll be dead by then. Journal, you don’t think me mad, do you? For believing that I might not live to see next year? I just… Don’t think it’s safe for anyone that I walk the earth. I’m bringing misfortune with me wherever I go.

    Maybe after they leave Laeiða I’ll tell my parents that I’m going to follow them. That I’m going to be a hero. I’ll set off in the same direction they went, and when I’m out of sight I’ll turn from their path and vanish. Maybe I’ll get torn to shreds by a monster in the Wastelands. That makes sense, right? Or maybe they’ll do what that one from the forest did, and walk away. If that happens… I guess the Watcher will get to see elven guts. They’ll look the same as other races. Just with darker blood and a shakier cut. Or maybe a regular wolf will maul me. Or maybe I’ll just starve. Starvation is an old friend, you know. We spent many nights together, for four long years.

    Or maybe I won’t die. Maybe the Watcher will stop me, or some other god, or just my own cowardice. My own primal desire to live that seems to infect everything I do. Maybe I’ll lose my mind somewhere in the wilderness, and be found years later, a raving lunatic unworthy of even a second glance, much less the title “Hero,” that may be bestowed upon me if I continue on with this group, and actually live to tell the tale. 

    More likely though, I’ll be hunted down by Cypress or our attackers, and they’ll leave so little of me that I’ll never be found. I don’t know that I’ll have the fire left in me to fight them. They’ll be removing a scourge from Alamora. A

mark on history. I’ll die a wanted man, alone and empty. Just like they told me I would. Is it sad to say that I’m resigned to my fate already? I just hope Pango doesn’t find me. It would probably break his little heart. Well… He wouldn’t have any reason to go looking now would he? He’d be heralded as the hero I say he is and he’ll become a Paladin. Berk would probably keep him busy, and I doubt he’d want to look for someone that lured danger to him in the first place… 

    Journal, I’m tired. Gods, I feel like crying… I can’t though. Not now. Not until I’m alone…

    I’m going to bed. We have a long day ahead of us. Goodnight Journal. Hopefully I’ll have the presence of mind to be coherent when I write to you next.

    Journal, at what point does one become evil? What is the criteria to become irredeemably,

broken? Is it murder? What if you regret it? I didn’t kill a man today, but I was so,

close. He drove his head onto my blade like a coward. I don’t feel any remorse for not pulling away when I felt him surge forward. All he did was cause pain, from the moment he came into existence to the moment he left it… He left it forcing me to lean on the leg he shot. I longed to make him hurt. To maim him. And I was disappointed that I could not spread my violence to someone else. 

    Cleo Stone. He had an obsession with going for my eyes. I guess because they were so different to his. Mostly white, with only a tiny hint of green. He thought they were monstrous eyes. I wanted to steal his. Rend them from his skull and take in his screams. I couldn’t though.

    Because Deward Dunwich killed him.

    Am I doomed to be called a monster my whole life? Am I really one? I don’t know. The kids here thought I was evil,

I do know. Did the people I stole from consider me evil as well? The cloaked figure in the night out to steal your pearls, and slit your throat the next chance he gets… Am I that to them? Evil, to them? Let me ask you this Journal. Was I evil when I shook Cypress’s hand at thirteen? When I first kissed Desdemona at fourteen? When I sat by Elias’s bedside at eleven, ensuring he lived to see the sunrise? Was I evil when I said goodnight to my mother and father at age ten, then slipped out to watch the stars? Am I evil because I wanted the man who made my childhood a living hell to feel a modicum of my pain? Are the men who stood by and watched me do it evil as well? Is Jester evil? He’s apparently a killer. 

    But I was the one inflicting needless harm on a man who could not fight back. He no longer had hands, after all, courtesy of Jester’s quick swords. Am I the evil one, when

held me down and brought rock after stick after fist down onto my already beaten body? Am I the irredeemable one when

struck at my head, knowing full well I had an injury that was just barely beginning to heal, and could kill me at any moment? Journal, am I truly the one that is so despicable when

is the one who brought down the order to

kill those I loved!?

    Grieving parents. A widow, mourning the death of her only son. A woman who only wanted to do good and help those who needed it. A man who just wanted to tend his garden. A defenseless child, barely able to walk in the sunlight. These are only

of his victims, Journal. The people—

—that cause pain need to be stopped. I’m starting to think the only way that will happen is by a blade in their guts… 

    Gods… I sound like Kaya… I can’t bring myself to be disturbed though. Not right now. Not when Jason is in a heap on the street because of what he did. Pango is gone. He handed him off to some “pretty elf lady” and didn’t think twice. He’s lucky I didn’t gut him right then and there. I wanted to.

But I was pinned by guards before I could.

    I hate to write it out, but I’m starting to think Kaya may be right.

Desdemona Siannondel. Oftentimes “Wren.” Occasionally “Lilly.” “

as well, though that name stayed between us. “My red-haired Angel.” Aside from Elias she was my best friend. 

“A riot personified,” as Cypress loved to say. She was a firestarter, literally and metaphorically. She taught me all the magic I know. She’s been on my mind so much recently… And now with me being so near where she died… It hurts. But I don’t want to linger on that. I want to remember and document her as she was while she shone at her brightest, not while her light burned out.

We hated each other when we first met. Can you believe that, Journal? We’re strange when we’re young… I saw her as an obstacle I had to overcome to gain the position of Nightingale, and she thought I was a threat to her position as Wren. Which is absolutely unfounded mind you. She was the best in the business, and had a spot in Cypress’s heart, there was absolutely no chance in hell I could’ve taken her place. She snuck up on me so much during those early days that I started sticking to walls so if I thought she was near I could glue my back to a wall and make sure she wasn’t readying herself to pounce on me and noogie me into submission. She was taller than me when we were kids and she took full advantage of that fact. Whether it was hiding my daggers on high shelves or stealing my spellbook and dangling it above my head, she did everything she could to annoy me. Naturally this just made me despise her more, but that mindset changed very quickly one night.

We’d been sent on a job—it was right after my fourteenth birthday, actually. I’m starting to think my birthday is cursed—to nab some old artifact or something that a less-than-noble collector was paying Cypress actual

of money for and we had been promised a lovely cut. We were all practically vibrating out of our boots to go, I mean, all that

Just for something some dead guy held for five minutes! 

Oh how excitable kids are…

We went out and in the middle of Dez disabling the traps around the windows, we heard a shout. Those are, generally speaking,

not a good thing to hear when you’re hanging halfway in the window of a

Elias had been keeping watch on the ground and started frantically whistling our

“We need to get the hell away now or else we’ll be caught!”

song. However, it quickly became the call for

“Danger is imminent! Run!”

And Dez and I knew we were screwed. Dangling however many feet in the air, no way out except down into the now rapidly filling courtyard into the swords of waiting guards, or into the tower and facing a possibly much stronger force of guards that would most definitely skewer us. Dez was just starting the

“We need your help, get over here!”

call for Elias when all of the air rushed out of her lungs. Her body tensed, her eyes went wide, and she curled in on herself (well, as much as she could, clinging to a wall three stories up with pitons on her hands.) I saw something dark hit the wall in front of her. A half second later, something glinted in the moonlight, jutting out into the space between us. An intrusive and bright obelisk in the darkness. 

She didn’t scream. She didn’t have the breath in her lungs to do so. Her grip on the pitons loosened as a shout of triumph echoed from below us. She fell away from the wall, and I saw the man who had shot her. A human. I don’t know how he even saw us. The window was open and Dez was falling and Elias was vaulting over the wall, heedless of the guards now swarming the area, to catch her. I was so close to getting the artifact. I cast Mage Hand as a volley of arrows whizzed by me. One skimmed my shoulder and ricocheted off the wall as the stupid artifact—a book, of all things—flew into my hands, and I launched myself off the wall and into a three-story freefall. Elias’s arm hooked around my torso before I hit the ground, and we were flying. Not literally, of course. Dez was the only one who could cast that spell and she was thrown over Elias’s shoulder, seemingly unresponsive. Elias was talking to me, I don’t remember what he was saying. Something about putting me down I assume since my legs were moving before my feet touched the ground, and when they did I was running alongside him.

We ended up not going to the base until morning. Desdemona was bleeding a scary amount. It had soaked Elias’s shoulder and was dripping down his arm when he set her down in our little lake-side hideout. Elias was telling me to take the arrow out, but I knew that wasn’t a good idea. It was stuck through her side, between two ribs. I don’t know how it hadn’t ripped through her skin from all the jostling of being carried by a sprinting guy. We had no idea if it had punched through her lungs, and I didn’t want to risk anything. But we couldn’t lay her down with an arrow jutting out of her, so I told Elias to snap off the bullet point and end, just in front of the fletching so it was just the middle of the shaft plugging the hole. I ended up with the unpleasant job of holding her down, because Gods know it wasn’t going to feel good, even if we tried to be careful. 

She was unconscious up until Elias grabbed the arrowhead and snapped it off. Gods it was horrible… We ended up having to stuff one of my gloves in her mouth so no one nearby thought there was a murder going on. She barely had it in her afterward to send a message to Cypress (she was going to teach me that spell, but we never got the chance due to… unfortunate circumstances) and informed him that we weren’t coming home for the night. 

Elias was exhausted from carrying both Dez and I, and I assume he was also crashing from the adrenaline, so I took watch first. Or at least, that’s what I told him. Pureblooded elves don’t need as much rest as others, so I was just going to stay up all night, only trancing about four hours before the sun rose. Desdemona drifted in and out of consciousness between Elias and I. It was… painful, to hear her crying. At about one hour past midnight, I heard her take a sharp breath in. I looked behind me to see her moving, trying to reach for my back.  “Vá! Mala-intyë, hanya!?” I asked as she grasped at the air between us. Her hand wavered. I thought it was because I sounded angry to her, but her hand flew to her mouth and she… Started giggling. Well, giggling is putting it nicely. She moreso started laughing, then immediately groaned and clutched her pant leg in pain. I asked her what she thought was so funny, because the wording of my statement genuinely hadn’t crossed my mind at all. She told me I had called her “intyë”. “Intyë” is only used for someone you’re close to. It hadn’t crossed my mind at all to call her “imlë” at that moment like I had since I had known her. Gods I’m sure I could have combusted from embarrassment at that moment. I was sputtering, trying to backtrack and say I didn’t mean it! It was a slip of the tongue, I swear! “Nancar-tya quetta-tye!” she’d said. Even in pain, her smile lit up the room…  She tried to pull me to her and I didn’t have it in me to stay sitting where I was. She complained that her cloak wasn’t a good pillow and that I would be a better one. I tried to say no, to get out of the situation before I burst into flames from embarrassment, but she just said “If I am

it should be no problem.” I couldn’t argue with that, especially because she was using my own words against me. She lay with her head in my lap the rest of the night.

We took her back to the hideout the next morning along with the book. She was healed and we were all paid in full. Cypress doesn’t speak Elvish, so I don’t think he picked up on the change right away. We stopped being cold and formal. We spoke like friends. Elias knew right away, and never said anything about it outright, but he began making excuses to leave us alone while giving me very pointed, knowing looks. 

Our stupid rivalry is what started our strange tradition of fighting, and that fighting is what later brought us together as a couple. If Dez pissed me off enough I would throw something small at her, a bead, a pebble, a lockpick, a wad of paper, once I smacked her with an ink covered quill because she was pestering me while I was transcribing a spell. She didn’t take kindly to me splattering ink all over her shirt and pants so she grabbed me by my cloak and to a small clearing just outside of the entrance. 

I thought I was going to easily sweep the floor with her. Maybe a swift kick to her ankle to take her down and a boot placed on her chest to keep her down until she surrendered. Oh how wrong I was. She danced around me, darting into my space to land quick but surprisingly painful blows to my sternum, my jaw, my gut, my chest, again and again and again. She didn’t give me a break to breathe, much less fight back. She was a tornado of red hair and pain. 

I guess Dez was getting bored with beating me into a pulp while I couldn’t do anything other than gasp for breath and belatedly put up my hands after she had already stuck me. She landed a swift palm-strike, (she didn’t punch me, she

punched me. I guess that’s just how she fought? All her hits were either open-palm strikes or jabs with her fingertips or knuckles) swiping across my jaw and sending my head spinning, knocking me flat on my ass in the dirt. She stood over me and stomped a boot into my ribs. “Throw ink at me again, and I’ll do much worse,” she’d said. 

So naturally I did it again to be a little shit-starter, and got solidly pounded into the ground,

. Though I lasted a little longer that time. I was able to duck out of the way of her first few blows, but she wore me down quickly. I was continuously pummeled into the dirt, every time we fought. The first time I was well and truly hung up on a spell I had been trying to learn, I threw down my quill and stormed off in the middle of Desdemona trying to speak to me. I ended up sitting in the same little arena she and I had first fought in, trying to pick a lock to keep my mind busy. I couldn’t do it because my hands were stiff from writing. Frustration mounted to a boiling point and I chucked the lock as hard as I could away from me. Dez materialized out of the grass, lock in hand, and walked up to me. She dropped the lock at my feet and held out her hands to me. I took them and she pulled me to my feet. She paused for a moment as if thinking about something, and then reeled back and shoved me as hard as she could! I hardly kept my feet under me. Naturally I tried asking her what the hell her problem was, only for her to seemingly aparate into my personal space and shove me again. First the spell, then the lock, and now her wordlessly trying to shove me down had me seeing red. I was moving before I could think, and by the time I had come back to myself, she was a few feet away cradling her face and my knuckles were throbbing. 

I felt my entire body run cold with shock, which quickly became abject horror, as it sunk in that my hand was curled into a fist. I had just punched her. I started to panic, running to her as I listed apologies in Common, Elvish, and even some Primordial. I drew her up to face me, seeing the bruise already blooming at the bottom of her cheek. I expected her to shove me again. Hit me. Run to Cypress and demand I be “dealt with” for attacking her, or maybe just do it herself, right then and there. But she didn’t. Instead… she grinned. She looked like a madwoman; a wild look in her eyes as the bruise on her face deepened with each passing second. I could barely register what was happening as she grabbed my face and kissed me roughly. She drew back as quickly as she approached and said, somewhat breathlessly, “So you grew a spine!” 

… How was I supposed to respond to that!? I barely know the words now, and I

didn’t have them then. Abruptly, she took a few steps back and sank gracefully into a fighting stance. All I could do was stare in shock as she swept my feet out and pounced on me, landing with a knee in my ribs and a hand curled in the neck of my shirt. All I could think in that moment was “What the actual

is happening!?” When it was obvious to her that I wasn’t going to fight back at all, she got off me and reached out to help me up again. I took her hand automatically and the feeling of her pulling me to my feet jolted me back to my senses. 

Her hand in mine was too much. I jerked away and faced her. I don’t remember exactly what I asked her but she just laughed at me and batted a hand at me, as if that was an answer in

way! Which it very much was not, by the way!—I have no idea why she kissed me. We weren’t even dating at that point! Adrenaline, maybe? Hell, I

don’t know. I asked her once and she just shrugged—She jammed a finger into my chest and proclaimed her victory over me, “Again! You’ll never beat me at this rate Songbird!” and then she just left! Left me there in that little clearing with a lock, several new bruises, and the realization that she just casually decided to steal my first kiss. I stayed sitting there for quite a while.

The sun had set by the time I thought to go home. Elias was waiting for me by a tree just outside town so I didn’t have to go through town alone. We didn’t go home for quite a while though. Elias had leaned against the tree and simply said, “Something happened. Tell me.” I took that opportunity to get my thoughts in order as I spilled them to him. After which, he patted my shoulder sympathetically and walked me, still somewhat shocked, home. I said goodnight to my parents unusually early (I don’t remember what lie I told them, maybe that I’d tired myself out playing or something and that I wanted more rest) and waited for two long hours until I heard them go to bed. Once I was sure they wouldn’t wake, I slipped out my window and ran all the way back to Headquarters.

Desdemona was sitting under the stars when I reached the base. I demanded what the hell she’d thought she was doing, kissing me out of the blue like that, and she just shrugged and said “I wanted to.” Like it was the most obvious thing in the world to her! I don’t think I’ll ever get that viewpoint, honestly. I sat down beside her to watch the stars because, well, what else was I supposed to do? Ask that and then run all the way back home? Nope. Some time when the moon had passed its peak in the sky, Dez laid her head on my shoulder. I swear it felt like I ate an entire swarm of butterflies. I don’t know how long it took me to work up the courage to wrap my arm around her, but when I did she cuddled up to me like it was nothing. I wanted to stay like that forever, but the sun was starting to rise and I had to go back home before my parents had noticed I was gone. 

When I told her I had to leave, she didn’t reply. She just moved away to let me go. I reached to help her up, and when she stood I didn’t want to let her hand fall away. My stomach churned with anxiety as I looked at her and timidly asked if I could kiss her before I left. "Of course, Veris…” She'd said, again, like it was incredibly obvious. Her eyes shone with a quiet happiness in the moonlight.

I got two kisses there in that clearing, and I smiled like an oaf all the way home.

What I wouldn’t give to kiss her, just one last time…

Journal I don’t know whether to laugh or cry… 

Dez is alive. Desdemona is alive, Pango is gone, I killed a man maybe four hours ago, and we defeated the dragon that broke Jester’s back… I need a drink. And maybe whatever substances Cypress used to smuggle to corrupt nobles for a quick high. Because good Gods today is just… too much. Don’t get me wrong, I’m so, so happy my

is still alive. I’m elated! But… She’s been giving me strange looks. I don’t… Journal have I really changed that much? I don’t think I have but… Well… a younger me would never have killed Deward, would he?

I almost killed the dragon too. Jester stopped me. I was so close. So close to getting him out of our hair! But no… Jester wanted him alive for some reason and… Well… He fought Deward on my behalf, so I couldn’t just flagrantly go against his wishes like that. Gods, am I becoming a monster? Since coming home I’ve been… Worse. Desdemona looked scared of me at one point.

Journal. Like she thought I was going to hurt her. I would never even dream of it! I don’t… I don’t know what’s happening to me. I’m scared that I’m becoming something like Cypress. Angry. Hateful. Gods know I wanted to kill Jason when I found out he let Pango be taken! I don’t know what I’m doing, I don’t even feel in control of myself half the time! Dez said we needed to talk but… Fuck. I’ve been avoiding it. How horrible is that Journal? Avoiding the love of your life that you just got back because you can’t handle a tough conversation. 

I’m a disaster. I don’t want to become that same monster Cypress is but I feel like I can’t help it. I don’t know what to do or how to stop this. The violence it… I don’t want to write it. No… It’s that I don’t want to acknowledge it… But if need be I can just toss you into fire or melt you away with acid.

Am I safe with you Journal? I think I am. I hope I am because if I am not then there is nowhere and no one I will ever be safe with again. … It felt like you just got warmer in my hands Journal. That’s impossible, I know but… Fine. I’ll say it.

It gives me control that I have not had since before the Fall of the Tree, as it were. Writing that out makes me feel sick but it makes too much sense. Why else would I have wanted to split open Vatyr’s skin or bury my knife in an innocent man’s stomach? Why else would I want to kill? 

Why else would I try to scratch their marks from my skin, rather than search to remove them with magic, so nothing remains of their power over me…? Because I’m becoming a monster. I’m taking sick pleasure in these things. Their fear, their pain,

the pain. It’s becoming a sustenance to this creature that’s overtaking me. I don’t think I can stop or contain it. Not anymore. When Jester stopped me I… I wanted to plant my dagger in his eye. When Jason came back I wanted to take my blade and stick it between his ribs. I wanted to feel his blood on my hands, not just soaking through thick gloves. “Would it be hot?” “Would he scream?” “Would he even have the breath to make noise at all?” All questions that shot through my head when that idea came to light in my mind. Is this me? Is it the Watcher? Something else? Absolutely nothing? I don’t know. 

Maybe I should just leave. I’m putting everyone in danger. But… The thought of leaving Desdemona again makes my chest ache so strongly it makes me sick. I don’t want to say goodbye again. If I did I would break even more than I already am.

I think… If I had to say goodbye, I think I might just shatter.

I need to stop. My hands are shaking so bad I can hardly write and I’m tearing up… I don’t know when I’ll write to you next Journal. I’m sorry. It’s just… all too much. Even

not helping me think clearly anymore.

    I don’t know what I’m doing.

Well… I mean, I know what I’m

to be doing. I’m supposed to be resting. But I just… Can’t. Dez and I talked about, well, everything. I told her all I could, from my imprisonment, to working for the King, to why I left. Told her about Jester, Akira, Jason, and Pango. I couldn’t say much about the Paladin. I barely knew her. 

    I’m just… exhausted. I didn’t expect it to be so hard to just

, you know? Well, you wouldn’t know, you’re a book. I spoke with Kaya again, and I ended up joining her to get Pango back. But he didn’t take kindly to me being an ally to her. I never thought a penguin staring at me with fear and disappointment would make my heart twist but here we are.

    Here we are, Journal.

    Sitting under a rock spying on a demon and my girlfriend talking about magic, and struggling to get even a second of rest. I envy your lack of sentience Journal. You don’t need to eat, sleep, breathe, any of it. You just get to simply exist. You don’t have time for moral quandaries such as “Am I doing the right thing?” Or “What even am I really doing at all?” You just have to sit in my bag and wait for me to bring you out into the sun or moon or candlelight and then wait for the ink to dry. You go back into the bag, and you stop caring about the words inside you. You don’t have the capacity to care that you hold my fate within you. My worst fears. Strangest dreams. Deepest secrets. I’m trusting you to keep them safe for me, because the gods know that the people around me aren’t trustworthy at all.

    Journal… I have a sneaking suspicion that I may die soon. I know that sounds strange, after all, all attempts at harming me or killing me are stopped by the Watcher—speaking of, It’s crawling under my skin right now. Hello Watcher, I know you’re creeping in to watch me write, you aren’t subtle—and it seems like monsters have no interest in me at all. 

    But… I don’t know. Maybe it’s the paranoia coming back to bite me, or maybe it’s some “God-sent” message, or maybe I’m wrong or maybe I’m right. I don’t know anymore. I mean, I know what’s right and wrong, I just don’t know… How to say it? I don’t know if I’m on the side that will give me the best outcome. I couldn’t give less of a shit about everyone else—I just want Desdemona and Pango to be okay. But they both stand on completely opposite sides of my life and of what I… I don’t know. “Think is okay” I guess. 

    Dez is my last connection to my past. She’s my connection to the wild and chaos that was squashed when I was imprisoned. But Pango is all about order and goodness. Though I guess I don’t really need to worry about him, now do I? He’s been taken by the Paladins. I think the next time he sees me I’ll either be in chains again or on a pyre or war criminals.

    Good Gods am I a war criminal? I guess…

    Shit to two things. That revelation, and the fact that Kaya is fucking screaming bloody murder for somethi—

    Jason. She found out he was murdered. Fuck. I need to go, I’m so sorry Journal, I’ll write again soon if I’m not dead. 

    If I am and this Journal is found, refer to page one on what to do with my body if it hasn’t been incinerated.

Hey Journal. A lot has happened since I last was with you. I hope I have enough pages left for all this…

Well, I neglected to mention in my last entry that she is host to some… Dreadful powers, for lack of better words. They decided to pop in a bit before I wrote that entry to try interrogating me on information about the Watcher. Kaya and I were both beholden to It, you see. Apparently these things were out to get information related to It, and Kaya had proved impressively tight-lipped with the information they were seeking, so they turned to me. Tried intimidating me into telling them everything. It didn’t work, of course. I doubt the Watcher would let me live if I couldn’t keep a secret or two. But then the events I previously told you about took place, Kaya finding out about Jason and whatnot, and I set out to put my plan into motion. You see, I was sure those monster-things would probably try to kill me (and if not them, it would be Kaya or any number of her minions) and I did what I do best.

And in my running I picked up a disguise and a cat. Strange combination, sure, but it worked. My cat isn’t necessarily a real cat. She’s my familiar and her name is Evi and I

she flirts with Dez’s hawk familiar (Glim is his name) when we aren’t looking. But anyway, back to the topic. My plan was to rat Kaya’s moment of weakness out to the King so he would smash through her confused forces and sweep the floor with them, leaving her entirely defenseless against an army riding the high of a successful massacre. And once I told him I would leave with Dez in tow and we would return to Kaya’s troops to tell them that the King’s army had been attacked en route and would be an easy fight. They would expect it to be a breeze, only to be met with an army showing nary a hint of pain. Confusion would spread, and in the chaos they would be demolished. 

That… didn’t go according to plan whatsoever.

First issue. The King had not been informed of Jason’s death, which I’m frankly confused by, since he seemed aware of my… Stint with Kaya. But the second issue was much more pressing. The Paladins didn’t let me leave. Without being able to leave the throne room I wouldn’t be able to enact the second part of my plan, so everything I had been thinking to do was frozen in its tracks. And that wasn’t even the worst part. What was though, made me lightheaded when I was told. Laeida had been invaded. 

Akira came crashing—quite literally

, he broke the doors—into the throne room screaming that the city had been invaded and that the army was on his tail. It shouldn’t have been possible.

“Kaya was gone, so who could have been leading them?”

I’d thought. Oh how stupid I am. How stupid I was to let someone slip through the cracks of my fingers, all those weeks ago. I should have killed her when I had the chance. Dove forward and finished the job Jester started; entirely eviscerated her to the point that no amount of healing fire could have sealed her organs inside. I should have fired my crossbow and lodged a bolt between her blank, white eyes. Or sent acid flying her way in a large net so she couldn’t have avoided it. So she melted and bubbled like many before her. Or I could have sent a bolt through her back as she ran from us in mortal terror.

But I did none of those things. And all would pay dearly for my inaction. But she was not alone. There was another beside her that had escaped my ire. Who was so close to being ended like his brethren. Or… maybe not like them. Maybe it would have been a slaughter more brutal than the ones that ended his species. I’m not sure, I was not in my right mind when we had fought. I

just killed a man, after all. The blind dragon Arodose stepped into the throne room, flanking my target of interest along with the woman with blank eyes. Standing tall between them was Kaya. She seemed entirely too… happy. Like she was delighting in the chaos her troops were wreaking below us. 

Now, at this point I had just informed the King that I was returning to fight for him in exchange for no prison time for me and Desdemona. So naturally, I immediately acted like I was over the moon at Kaya’s arrival. I faked that the King’s men had taken me prisoner and that the Watcher had been ignoring my desperate pleads for help. I wasn’t lying when I told her It had ignored me before, though I don’t think she believed me. Akira threw a wrench the size of Arodose in my plan though. He began ranting and raving about Kaya and the Nine of the Underworld and how he was going to kill the Nine but save Kaya and I just… I couldn’t follow it. He sounded madder than Jester. 

Akira mentioned how Jason had given him some spell to save her, and Kaya started screaming. Screaming and raving about how Jason never cared for her and how he’s the reason she went on a genocidal spree in the first place and that all Jason wanted was to see her dead. It was… Hard to follow, even for me. 

Kaya tried to send Arodose to deal with him, but the second Akira drew his blade—the one of Angelic make—Kaya instantly called Arodose back to her. Her demeanor shifted so drastically when she saw it. She hid behind the Blank Eyed woman like a child faced with a monster, and I saw my opportunity. I slipped in to stand beside her. Her attention was devoted to the Sun Blade, so much so that she never even saw my dagger.

At least, that’s what I thought when I tried to stab her in the back. I’m not sure how she realized what I was doing, maybe she heard the blade scrape it’s sheath? Maybe she felt me shifting behind her? I have no clue. 

What I do know is that her boots are very painful. I know this because she decided my chest would make an

stepping stone. Akira tried to strike while she was fixated on me but just before his blade struck her, darkness consumed us. Unnatural fire ringed the small area that was to be our battlefield. All of her weight was held by her right leg and despite her strange stance, she easily parried and countered all of Akira’s strikes. Her one-track mind was her downfall though, quite literally. She didn’t notice my wiggling and shifting until it was too late. I kicked out at her knee. Granted the strike didn’t connect as intended, but hey! I still got her to fall! It counts, dang it!

What happens next, Journal, I am still somewhat in disbelief of.

Nine sets of eyes loomed out of the darkness behind Kaya. Akira was downed by the same power that struck him down when we first met our enemy in the Foxwood. Journal, I’m going to be honest. I was panicking. My fingers were numb. My mind was somehow racing and blank all at once. I think I started to shake at that moment as well, though I didn’t have the bodily awareness to really realize it until several minutes later when the tremors subsided. I had no idea what to do. So, I did what I do best—or rather, what I do

—I started to talk. I blabbed as my disjointed thoughts coalesced into a plan. Not a good one, hell, I didn’t even think it would work as I was doing it! But it was a plan nonetheless and I had to try.

My spellcasting focus was in my right pocket. My dagger was in my left hand. I could theoretically do somatic components of a spell with my dagger in hand, but I had never tried it before.

I swung my right hand wildly to emphasize my comment about my lowly status as a common thief. One specific swing with a trembling, weak hand, and my plan was in motion. My focus was caught between my fingers, and I forced my left fingers to dance over the hilt of my dagger. My fingers began to buzz as arcane energy flooded my veins. Another wild swing, this time backwards to hide the shining object in my hand and to ready myself. A flick of my left wrist, disguised as a punctuation to some bullshit question I had asked. The magic surged through my body. It darted from my left hand. It wrapped around my heart, squeezed between my lungs, and shot into my right hand. By the time it reached my chest I was flinging my hand in a wide arc in front of me. It’s threads weakened and for one moment, I thought I was a dead man. I’d had magic fail me before. I would call it, pour everything into the spell, only for it to fizzle and die right after my fingers stopped moving, or when it shot through me, like it was getting lost inside my body.

But the acid flying from my fingertips brought a burning heat with it. Kaya panicked. She flailed to remove her armor and I was moving before I knew what I was doing. I lunged for her stomach, but I missed. Though I can’t imagine having a blade scraping your hip bone and digging into your muscles would have felt much better than what I had originally had in store for her. 

would have been a blip in her perception compared to what Akira did to her. Just as I withdrew my blade, he ran her cleanly through from behind.

Well… I say “cleanly,” but really it was a messy affair. Turns out her devilish attributes didn’t end at her wicked horns and cherry red skin. Just being

to the sword had her tail lashing with anxiety. Being actually pierced by the blade of an angel was more than her fiendish blood could handle. Her body began to crack. Her bones splintered, her blood boiled, and once the cracks reached her horns, she nearly sublimated. All that was left of the Tiefling Warlord Kaya was a powder on the floor and rapidly dying off echoes of her ghastly screams of agony. 

Everything after that point is something of a blur. Dez was gone, as was Arodose. I had told Dez to escape though, so I knew where she was. But Arodose? No clue. Couldn’t entirely bring myself to care, either. The Blank Eyed woman—whose name I later learned is Umavi Anvindir—was hauled away by two of the King’s Paladins. The King decided to slide a dagger into my lungs the moment the door closed behind the Paladins and their new (and likely traumatized) plaything. Metaphorically speaking, of course. If he’d done it literally I doubt I’d be sitting in the hall of his castle writing everything I just did. 

He told me that in lieu of a jail sentence, I was to be his advisor. He said I had a great deal of experience in deception, and a nose for sniffing out liars, so I would be perfect for it. I’ve been given two conditions so far, though. The first is that I am not to leave the city of Olimrath at all. No problem. The second is that I am to refrain from all criminal activity. That… Might be a little harder for me to do. Especially because I’m so keen on nicking pretty jewels like the ones the nobles wear. 

The King also told me that I’m going to be under constant surveillance, which frankly isn’t anything new. I’ve yet to see my new keeper, though I suppose that’s the point? I’m not sure… But anyway… I’m going to either try to hide you, Journal, or I might end up having to burn you… I don’t want to do that though. But it might be safer for the both of us. 

But now, I think I’m going to have to say goodbye, Journal. You’ve kept me company through many nights, and for that I thank you. You’ve held my thoughts, my secrets, and my views. You’ve taken my ramblings on love and held them tightly in your pages. You’ve let me tear you apart to hide my half-crazed nonsense. I’m running out of page space now, so I’m going to say goodbye one last time. I’m going to try to get Evi to hide you somewhere around the city. Maybe after this whole ordeal is over I can get you back. I’ll hang on to you, if that’s the case. And if I can’t, and you fall into the hands of someone else, then hello reader.

If I’m dead, please refer to the first page of this Journal. And if I am not, please return this Journal to me. If I am under the employ of the King, leave this Journal where you found it and do not seek me out. If I am no longer under the employ of the King, please return this Journal to me. I will be going by either Zylas Doraith, or, under special circumstances, Veris Khalin. If you’ve seen this message it means you’ve read through this Journal in its entirety. If that is the case, then hats, hoods, and horns off to you, dear reader. You’ve slogged through months of my life, the good, the bad, the painful, and the loving, and you now know more about me than even my own (possibly) wife. Do be careful with this information. I will know if you are not.

— Zylas Doraith a.k.a. Veris Khalin, Savior of the Highlands, Advisor to King Berk, Representative of the Drow in the Council of Elders, and Thief Extraordinaire.

“I’m not killing him.” Isie and Imie glare at her for this but Tesythe stands her ground in front of the bound and bruised drow. “No! I broke his hands! Both of them! I tied him up. He’s  harmless.  I am not about to kill a man in cold blood; I don’t care if he’s drow and you have a aeons-long reason to hate his guts.”“He’s  drow,”  Imeloch says, his velociraptor Xyra chittering angrily at his heels. “He just  bit  you. You don’t- Tes, you don’t know what his kind are  like.” Well  that’s  just rude, even if her hand still throbs, and she lifts her chin in angry response. “Fuck you too, Imie,” she says. “It’s not like I grew up near a raiding site for drow. It’s not like humans don’t have their  own  stories of what drow are like.”“That’s not what he-”“Sounded like it, Isie. Fucking sounded like your brother was doing the elvish holier-than-thou you promised you two didn’t do.”“Drow are dangerous,” Cevelette says, one hand burnishing the golden ring on her left horn. “That’s not- that’s not in question, we’ve been down here enough times and heard enough tales to know what they’re capable of. But Tes was the one to take that one down and Tes was the one to restrain him, so he’s her business now. If she wants to keep him as a prisoner or sell him as a slave or if she wants to keep him and try to rehabilitate him, that’s up to her.”“Lettie-”“Don’t ‘Lettie’ me when you’re advocating for cold-blooded murder, Imeloch.” Cevelette’s golden eyes flash dangerously; in the sickly green light cast from the mushrooms her red skin looks more eerie than usual. “People know all about what  my  kind are like after all, don’t they? And they use that as an excuse to kill us as infants or abandon us on doorsteps. Just because we remind them that somewhere in their family tree someone fucked a fiend.” She spreads her hands. “But you’re friends with me. Don’t play at double standards with me, Imie, you won’t like how it goes.”Imeloch subsides, his sister’s hand on his arm. “If Tes decides she’s sick of him or that it’d be easier to toss him off a cliff then we can do that. But I’m no more down for murdering a prisoner than she is.” She glances down to where Atles has finished patching up her side. “You’re not down for it either, are you, Brunning?”“Given Tymora is goddess of  chance,  both in the sense of luck and getting second ones, I am  not.”  It’s amazing how scathing a smiling halfling can be and Imeloch stops so much as grumbling as Atles dusts off his hands. “That said, I can’t do much more healing today. Let’s see how much further we can get before we set up camp and then we can see about healing his hands if he behaves.” 

They’re several miles further along when Isalanthe pulls her lizard alongside Tes’. She’s been looking thoughtful the whole time, from when Tes stripped the drow of any remaining weapons and a pouch of what seemed to be spell components, as she’d adjusted his binding, even to when they’d pulled him onto Atles’ lizard behind the small halfling, and Tes is half-expecting a lecture.“I apologise for my brother,” Isie says, voice soft. “I- yes, you have your own stories of drow. But how they came to be- the queen of their pantheon tried to kill the monarch of ours. Lolth attempted to usurp Corellon and when in punishment she and her supporters were smote down, they decided not to be responsible for what they did and make amends and instead became- they became what you know today as drow.” She gestures with one hand, the other firm on the reins. “Drow are- they are cruel. They believe that power is everything. That kindness is weakness. Tes, there is no way to… to keep that man safely a prisoner or to guide him to good. Drow cannot just be rehabilitated because all of the things we value and will want them to value, they see as inherent weaknesses to be avoided. He will try to escape. He will try to kill us. By giving him a chance to continue his life you are only giving him a chance to end all of ours.”“If he tries to kill us,” Tes says. “I give you and your brother free rein to respond with as much force as you deem appropriate. If he tries to  escape, though, just stop him and get me.”“He’s a lost cause, Tes.”“Tymora would disagree.”“You-” Isie sputters, coughs a laugh and then shrugs. “You’re the least devout of all of us,” she points out, smiling. “But fine. On your own head be it. I’ll keep my brother from killing him if you promise to handle him. Just- drow culture is about strength. You’re going to have to prove to him you have enough to keep him in line.”Tes laughs at that, bandies her bloodied knuckles and bitten hand in front of her friend’s face. “I beat him once,” she says. “I’m pretty sure I can beat him again. How much of a hardarse do you think I’m going to have to  be?”  

The answer is a  lot. She has to be borderline brutal off the bat. He tries to escape his bonds the first night - thankfully Imie and Isie Trance just like their captive does; by taking it in turns they catch him in the act. He’s her responsibility, though, so they wake her and let her deal with him. There’s a set to his jaw - determined - and she knows he’ll try again; he’d worn the same expression after she’d broken his hands early on in the fight. “Wael,”  she says - the one piece of Drow she pried out of Isie before going to sleep;  Fool.  Then, in Elvish. “We are more than you. We are stronger than you. We are prepared for you.”He goes to scoff, chin lifting, lips parting, so without warning she backhands him. Her hand hurts from the force - but he’s hurting more, spitting almost black blood onto the floor of the cavern, teeth stained with it, lip split, kneeling now. “Behave,” she says bluntly. “Or no breakfast.”There’s a snarl to his lips as though he’s about to speak, so she kicks him, sending him sprawling. “I thought drow were said to be clever,” she says to Isie where she sits on a rock, sharpening her knives. “That is what your stories say, yes? Cunning creatures using their wits to hurt others.” Isie grins, nods. “This one is not very smart.”“No,” Isie agrees, casual and comfortable in the language as Tes has yet to become. “He’s as direct as you.”At  that  thank fuck, their captive flinches, the insult hitting it’s mark, and Tes leans forward, gripping the drow’s jaw with her fingers. This time, unlike when she was tying him up, he doesn’t try to bite her. “Behave,” she says. “Do you understand?” “Igge,” he says. Then, in Elvish at least as awkward as her own. “Yes.”When Tes glances to Isie, the elf nods. “Same words, different languages.”She doesn’t let her grip gentle but she does stroke her thumb along his jaw, sweeping the trickle of blood from his lip away. “Good boy,” she says.He stills at that, halfway to a flinch, his gaze ducking and she tightens her grip on him, forces his gaze up. “You will be good?” she says. “You will behave?” “Igge,”  he says again.  “Igge, ilareth.” Isie, over his head, nods from her perch on the rock and Tes runs her thumb over his lip once more. It comes away tacky with blood.“Good boy,” she says. She yawns, stretches. “I’m gonna sleep. If he’s an arse again, kick him and get me.” 

Come morning he’s where she left him, sat  seiza  under Isie’s watchful eyes, fists still bound in his lap and eyes closed.  Trance,  Isie mouths. Tes elects to leave him be, instead ambling over to Atles and the warm fire, fixing a portion of breakfast for herself and another for the drow.  “Tes,”  Atles says, deeply sarcastic. “You’re even feeding him? I’m amazed.”“My prisoner,” she says, picking an extra spoon from the stash Atles always keeps by his cooking gear and gesturing. “My rules.” Atles bats at her hand but he’s smiling and when she reaches for the bowl of berries he nudges the jar of honey her way as well.She goes and sits in front of the prisoner. In the dark there’s no way for him to tell that by their reckoning it’s morning but she’s heard from Imie and Isie what Reverie is like - he has to know they’re up and about now. She sets one bowl down by him, scatters dried berries over the top and drops the spoon in before starting on her own. Atles makes simple breakfasts when they’re on the move - porridge, usually, or a berry puree with oats - only rarely taking the time to make a fuller meal. It’s always good though and she’s halfway through devouring hers when the drow blinks and lifts his head.“Hey there,” she says. “Morning.”

“Breakfast?” she asks, nudging the bowl towards him with one foot. He tilts his head, frown evident and lifts his bound and broken hands. “There’s a spoon,” she says, indicating it. “Give me a mo.” The man’s face only gets worse and she rolls her eyes before polishing off the rest of her meal. “Here,” she says, reaching for the spoon. “I can feed you.”He stares at her more. Tesythe is really starting to think he might not understand even a little of Common. Clearly, she waggles the spoon at him, then moves to scoop up a spoonful of porridge and berries and goes to feed him. He recoils.“It is not poison,” she says in careful Elvish. “Believe me.”“Liar,” he says.She eats the spoonful. “I will not refuse a second breakfast,” she says. “But I did promise you food if you behaved. You did. So-” She gestures with the spoon. “Breakfast.” He glares at her, mouth firmly shut. She still hears his stomach rumble. “Your hands are still broken,” she says, firmly. “If you eat, I will ask Atles to heal them.” “Dos ilindith jivvin xuil usstan,”  he says flatly. She sighs and glances over to Isie.“He thinks you’re toying with him,” she says in Common. “I told you. Drow don’t think kindness exists. And you did beat him up last night.”“True,” she says, then smiles at the drow. “Maybe I am playing,” she says in Elvish. “But I keep my word.” She fills the spoon and lifts it. “Breakfast, you see. Will you eat it?”He pulls five different faces before he nods. When she goes to give him the food, he lunges and bites her. She punches back.“Come on!” she says, when she’s wrestled him back to the ground, having kicked him in the balls and almost crushed one of his broken hands again. Elvish, she reminds herself. It’s the only shared language they have right now. “I will hurt you as much as I must to make you listen,” she says firmly. “I defeated you. I captured you. You are  my  prisoner.”He’s looking up at her now, lip bloodied  again  where she’d split it last night. She takes his jaw in her hand because apparently the best way to keep his attention is to force him to look at her, to be a moment from throttling him.  Drow,  she reminds herself.  Fucked up society.  She runs her thumb over the trickle of blood, sees him wince just a little as she tugs at the flesh.  “Wael,”  she says. “We beat you. I defeated you. You are my prisoner. So  behave.”  “Xor vel’bol?”  She doesn’t even have to glance to Isie for that; the tone makes it clear enough.  Or what. “Or no breakfast,” she says. She nods to his hands, runs her thumb over his lip again. “No healing.” “Naut elend ilareth.”  “I do not speak Drow,” she says, clearly. “I know you speak Elvish.”“You are a strange master.” The words, though stilted, are clear, and there’s no apparent anger, frustration - anything she might have expected from his previous actions. Even his expression has calmed - no more faces being pulled, no more constant doubting. “Yes I am,” she says. “Are you going to behave?” He tries to duck his head, lower his gaze, but she won’t let him. “Look at me,” she says. “Will you behave?” “Igge, ilareth,”  he says, in exactly the same tone as last night. He’d kept his word then, Tes is going to hope he keeps it now.“Good,” she says. He blinks up at her, the same unreadable flicker that could almost be a flinch except that it’s gone too soon for her to be sure. “What’s your name?”He frowns at that. “You said-”“And you  bit me.”  He tries, again, to lower his gaze at that. She doesn’t think it’s shame - she’s not entirely sure Drow have any concept of it - but he does seem to be aware that it was a bad decision, which is at least something. She grips his jaw harder, makes him look at her. “Your name?”He watches her for a long moment. If she didn’t know better - didn’t have the bitemarks on her hand - she’d almost think he  liked  this. Or, maybe, having a woman take control was something he was so used to the familiarity of it made it easier for him to listen and obey even if she was human rather than drow. “Velkyn,” he says. “Of no family of name, previously bound to House Baenre.”“And now?”She doesn’t know how to read his expression as he looks at her - equal parts assessing, considering… obeying. “Now I am bound to you,” he says. “What is your name?”She really shouldn’t trust him. Last time she had, he’d bitten her hand. Still, if he is her responsibility-“Tesythe,” she says. “Tesythe Carella of Brinor Trade and Adventuring Company.” “Ilareth,”  he says. His gaze dips again and Tes is getting increasingly confused by what it is - not shame, certainly some kind of acknowledgement, in this case, perhaps respect? She’s going to have to ask Isalanthe what that word he keeps using means, she knows that much. “Good boy,” she says, in lieu of anything else to say. Just like last night, just like before, he seems almost - but not quite - to flinch. “You will behave?”He sighs, soft and not exasperated. Just… calm, in the strangest fucking way.  “Igge, ilareth,”  he says. “Good,” she says and lets go of his chin, reaches for the spoon. “Do not bite me.”“Igge, ilareth.”

He eats without making fuss. It’s embarrassing to have to be spoonfed like this but with the state of his hands-Well, he is a prisoner. He doesn’t think they think highly enough of him to care if he’s embarrassed; no one ever has before. More likely the idea of it amuses them. From the light in the male elf’s eyes, the readiness he’d had with his knife during last night’s escape attempt only restrained by his sister, Velkyn doesn’t doubt that the elves, at least, don’t care an iota for his pride. This human doesn’t either but she’s direct. She’d been direct last night, too, brutality for the attempt at escape and then a bargain struck. A bargain kept. He’s not entirely sure, yet, how he might be able to use that against them, that sense of exacting honesty, but he knows he can. Honesty, trust, kindness, gentleness and honour. All of them weaknesses, all of them vulnerabilities.He eats and he thinks, spoonful after spoonful of - some surface grain mixed with milk and berries, sweeter than anything he’s used to. Surface foods are a rarity in Menzoberranzan, even with the trade and the raids; such riches never usually fell to those of his rank except as scraps. And here he is, being fed a full meal portion of the stuff. He knows, if he can find a way to return with these people, with all they have, his initial failure in battle will mean nothing. If he can best them all on his own, if he can bring back what wealth they have and present it to  ilharess  Baenre then he will be  welcomed,  be given a higher rank and standing, something which could become a more secure position.The problem is, he doesn’t know if he can. The tiefling has spellwork,  powerful  spellwork. He doesn’t know if she’s pacted to her infernal ancestor or if this is a product of bloodline or training. It hardly matters after the trickery she played on his party, letting the two elves rain down daggers and crossbow quarrels until Tesythe and the halfling arrived, wading into the melee with her sword and her own spells, quick and brutal and deadly, the halfling’s mace swinging with force and golden spell-light shining from his palm when she got too bloodied. If they keep their word then -  perhaps  - he can convince them he will keep his. Convince them to heal him. To let him walk with them unbound. To return his weapons to him and his spell components. But that will take time and he wouldn’t be surprised if it would take so long they would be back to the surface before he had a chance. And, then, he would have to haul them all the way back down on his own. He’s not entirely sure it’s worth it. Lolth asks survival and supremacy and strife of them but one cannot be supreme and incite strife for her pleasure if one does not first survive. One cannot prove one’s strength if one is  dead.  Velkyn really would rather not die. He’s barely a half-century old yet.  

He can’t understand all that they’re saying. The elves spoke to each other in Elvish a few times before they caught him listening in; now they speak something else, something even more musical and poetic, something he suspects is Celestial. The tiefling and the halfling converse in something surface - surface Common, he’d guess. There’s a few loanwords from Undercommon but he’s not entirely sure the meaning has translated right.Or maybe it’s just cultural differences.Once he’s eaten, Tesythe rises, scooping up both wooden bowls as she goes. There’s a quick and elegant grace to her - not the same as the elfess’ deft dexterousness but something that speaks to skill and training, the whole body honed as a weapon. This close and without the immediate threat of violence it’s easier to see - this human is strong, this human is tough. The scars on her cheek and jaw already attest to that, shiny and pale against the soft brown of her skin, slicing through the freckles beneath her eyes, but watching her  move- That explains to him far more clearly why he lost so appallingly in combat, how she was so quick to respond to his attempt to free himself last night. She returns the bowls to the halfling, briefly conversing before convincing the smaller man over. Though the tiefling woman seems to rule this group, everyone else’s rankings are harder to parse - they seem for the most part to be equals, no one clearly deferring to anyone else unless the tiefling weighs in.“Velkyn?” He looks up at Tesythe where she stands, the halfling at her side. “This is Atles. He will heal your hands. You will behave?”She’s been using Elvish consistently, even if her attempts at it are as poor as his own. He pries out his own knowledge of the language enough to answer.  “Avavaen, Tesythe.” She almost smiles at that. If it’s the Elvish that does it or the use of her name he doesn’t know but he files it away for later use as the halfling drops down in front of him, golden magic pooling in his hands as he reaches for his broken ones, muttering under his breath something that doesn’t  sound  like an incantation. It’s too grumbling and apologetic for that.The halfling is quick and efficient, small tanned hands around the pitch of his own, glowing with golden magic. Velkyn can feel the broken, gravelised bones slotting and bending back into place even though it doesn’t hurt. It’s certainly nicer healing than the Lolthian clerics usually dole out, those rare occasions they do at all. Soft,  he thinks, in a voice uncannily like that of  ilharess  Baenre.  Weak. By healing you they spell their doom.  Doom,  he thinks.  Sure. I’m somehow going to defeat the five people who destroyed Commander Kyone and everyone else. My best hope is poison and I highly doubt they’ll let me dose them.  He pauses as the last pieces of bone fit into place, as the halfling turns his hands over, checking it’s all healed up right. Soft and caring - a weakness - but he doesn’t know how to use that yet.  Besides, I don’t even have any poison left; they confiscated it.  

Velkyn behaves. He behaves as his hands are healed, he behaves as she explains that he’s staying bound until they have reason to trust him, he behaves the whole day of travel and the whole night. He behaves for most of the next  week  as they trudge their way through various levels of the Underdark, hurrying through what trade outposts Cevelette knows and is comfortable stopping at.Tesythe really isn’t sure what to make of it. “It’s weird,” Isie says one evening. They’ve started letting Velkyn have use of his hands once they stake camp, so long as he stays nearby to everyone, and he’s not yet done anything to abuse the chance given. “And the honorific he uses for you. If I didn’t know better, I’d think he meant it sincerely.” Ilareth,  Tes has learned, is a term of respect - used for military commanders or other superiors, someone to be obeyed. She’s not entirely sure what to make of the fact that Velkyn uses it for her, nor of how he’s taken to entering Reverie while sitting  seiza  at the foot of her bedroll. She’s taken to speaking to him more, if only to try to understand his motives but either he’s genuine in this or he’s got a very good game face.He’s drow, as Isie and Imie insist on reminding them all. Of course he’s got a good game face.Still. It’s been educational. Velkyn, so far as she can tell, has a pretty direct view of things. He thinks they’re all fools, dislikes Imie and Isie, is uncertain what to make of Atles and how casually the halfling speaks back to Cevelette and is as wary of Cevelette’s illusion magic as he is respectful of Tesythe’s ability in combat.She hasn’t had to beat him up again, either. She’s wondering how long before she’s going to have to.Still, he listens, now. He hasn’t tried to escape or to bite them. Hell, when one of them asks him a question he’ll even respond, though how honest he’s being none of them knows. Tesythe is more willing to take a chance and trust him than the others, though, travelling close to him most days. There’s something in his eyes when she speaks to him, asks him if he’ll behave, something to his tone when he says ‘Igge, ilareth’  that she isn’t any more certain how to read than she is the flicker in his gaze when she takes his jaw in her hands and tells him he’s been good. Drow don’t have much place for kindness. They think it a weakness. But, she hopes - perhaps naively - she can convince Velkyn that kindness is not so terrible a thing. 

They don’t return his weapons. He can’t blame them for that - it’s not as though he’d give them theirs if he’d captured them. He can respect that, even. They have taken to leaving him unbound once they set camp, though, just a rope at his waist to grab him back if he attempts to wander off. He doesn’t, instead helping to tend to the lizards. He’d grown up by the stables until his skill at it was noticed and even if these ones aren’t bespelled into obedience he knows how to handle them.He could, he supposes, thieve weapons from the saddlebags or take a broken claw or shed tooth to make one. It wouldn’t be hard - his first knife had been a rider lizard’s fang carved and set into a quaggoth bone. It had served him well until Kyone’s sword had shattered it. But he’s not going to try. If they found a weapon on him it would undo all the effort he’s put in obeying and behaving and this is easier. He supposes if he really wanted to make a point he could collect the broken claws and shed teeth and give them to Tesythe - a show of faith for all her shows of faith - but he doesn’t. He suspects that might be too obvious a play, too obviously saying  I’ll behave, look you can trust me  and besides, should the time come he needs a weapon, they’ll know he can use them. Better he stays quiet.So instead he does as told, makes some little conversation and tries not to be startled when Tesythe starts picking up further scraps of Drow.They’re not attacked much. Oh there’s a few things down here that are basically impossible to avoid - displacer beasts get determined, goblins get everywhere. There’s a few intellect devourers that concern Velkyn - he’d not heard of illithid in the area, even this far from Menzoberranzan and that their little minions are around is worrisome. The male elf spots dragon tracks but they manage to avoid that, just as they do the roper by one treacherous bend of the path. Even when they reach a waterway filled with  pyrimo  Velkyn points it out before anyone gets eaten.It’s too dangerous down here to have a weak party - even if these people have captured him, it’s better that they’re intact until he’s ready to escape than injured and liable to get them all killed.Instead they stake camp by the river, the halfling pulling a small net from his pack and sitting down to fish. Back home,  pyrimo  are a delicacy. Something he’d only get the scraps of if he was lucky. He’s not entirely sure what to do when he’s given a portion with dinner equal to that of the others’. 

“What was your life like?” Tesythe asks the next day. They’re all moving on, the two elves scouting ahead, and so, despite his bound hands, the bindings have been loosened enough that he can ride one of the lizards. As he is apparently Tesythe’s responsibility, he rides beside her. “Busy,” he replies.“What did you do?”“The lizards,” he says, nodding at his current mount. “I tended them.” He shrugs. “Then the overseer saw that I was good at it and I was raised a rank.” “And then?”There’s genuine curiosity to her expression, to her tone. Back in Menzoberranzan, anyone would know already, would understand. They’d not need it explained, the way one moved through ranks whether one liked it or not when one’s abilities or lack thereof gained notice.But the surface is weak. This group has no clear stratification beyond the fact that the tiefling is at the top and he, Velkyn, is at the bottom. “I tended different lizards. The lizard of  ilharess  Baenre. Her daughters’ lizards. That of the guard captain. I made sure they were prepared for long journeys.”“And one day they decided to bring you along.”He nods. If she’s guessed that part, then he sees no need to say how long it was between that first time he was attached to a ride and the time it was that they fought him. No need to tell of his other skills, his other training, his time as a courier and a herald, his knowledge of courtesies and trade routes.If they know all that, they might just ask him to help, and if he fails them then, be it intentional betrayal or a genuine accident, he is quite certain he will die.(He still does not want to die.)“What does that word mean?”He doesn’t expect the question and glances over to Tesythe, puzzled. Their lizards finish clambering over the pile of rock through to a new chamber. It widens around them, turquoise fungi glowing clearly enough that the cleric douses his Light cantrip. “Which word?” “Ilharess.”  She pronounces it awkwardly, carefully. It sits as unfamiliarly in her mouth as the Elvish does but she’s making an effort with it nonetheless. He doesn’t doubt that, with practice, she’d manage Drow with the same stumbling grace as she does Elvish - not perfect but with confidence and an almost endearing awkwardness. Far better than his own Elvish, let alone his attempts at surface Common.It’s not a word he thinks there is an easy way to translate to Elvish. The elves have rulers, yes, but they are not matriarchal. Corellon is male in some depictions and in some without gender at all but Lolth is and has always been female, always the spideress and queen, weaver of webs and womb of their world. To drow, monarchy has always been won by women, to other elves, rulership requires no gendered marker. So, he supposes, he shall have to make up a translation as best he can.“A ruling mother,” he says, eventually. “Not all mothers rule. But an  ilharess  is a mother who rules a house, even if she has no children. She is... hm. Usually, the oldest and most powerful and so the family regards her with the honour of a mother. She is the protector and ruler of the family and everyone must obey her. She serves Lolth, usually. Only a very few do not.”Tesythe seems puzzled a moment, turning the words over before saying carefully, “Matron mother? Is that the term?”He did not know Elvish had a term for it. Not formally. “Yes,” he says and Tesythe hums thoughtfully.He’s still not sure what to make of her. She is direct, yes. She does not seem to lie without reason - has not lied at all that he has noticed and he is  good  at noticing lies - has to be with how often he’s had to tell them. She is not stupid, either, but he does not think she is as sharply intelligent as the elfess sometimes seems, nor as cuttingly quick as the tiefling she obeys.So he doesn’t expect it when she asks.“The term you use for me,  ilareth.  Is it related to  ilharess? They sound similar.”He blinks, pauses. He has no way of knowing if she knows what  ilareth  is - a term of respect, used for battlefield commanders as often as a mistress or master a slave wishes to appease. And the terms  are  related -  ilha  and  ila  both variants of the feminine pronoun, both used to indicate that which is honoured:  ila  in a general way that is permitted to indicate honoured respect for anyone,  ilha  a more parental indicator, if not necessarily motherly.“Distantly,” he says, mouth still dry. “They are distantly related.  Ilharess  is a specific title, the female mother who rules.  Ilhar  is a mother,  ilharn  a patron.” He tilts his head. “Sometimes it can mean a father.”“So a respected father would be  ilharness?”  “No.  There is no term for that -  -ess  is a feminine ending. Men are not permitted to use it for themselves.” For a little while there is quiet. “So what is  ilareth,  then? If it is similar to  ilharess.  Is it the male version?” There is no edge to her words, no sign she is insulted by that if it is the case. He is not sure if he should take that as some kind of a warning, an indication that there is anger, just well-hidden, waiting for confirmation, or if, somehow, she already knows. The elfess has proven to know Drow already - he would not be surprised if she had translated it for her friend. Or, perhaps, she believes that, as she is a non-drow, different terms must be used for her.But he cannot guess and cannot play into whatever belief she may have. Instead, when uncertain, he has long since learned that the best course is something close to honesty. “It is a term of respect,” he says. “For anyone.  Ilharess  may only be used for the Matron Mothers,  ilhar  simply means mother.  Ilareth  - I would use it for the guard captain or for the overseer or for a priestess-in-training I was to take a message to. Respect but not as formal as  malla.”  He glances over to her, uncertain how to read her expression.  “Malla  is honoured - it is formal and it is recognised, like  ilharess.  But  ilareth  is informal.”“Like calling someone Sir,” Tesythe says, looking thoughtful. Velkyn nods but watches her expression closely. It’s changing piece by piece, flickers in her eyes, quirks to her lips. She is not a fickle woman, this human who has bested him, not as so many of the priestesses back in Menzoberranzan were, but she is not someone he entirely knows how to predict yet and that frightens him. She has never yet hurt him without clear reason but if he cannot predict her then he cannot be sure he is safe.“Velkyn,” she says slowly, a smile spreading across her face until it shows all her teeth, pale contrast to the darker shade of her skin. “Does that mean you respect me?”He is not sure what to make of that smile - it is not simply pleased, it is not even entirely satisfied, and it certainly isn’t the sadistic smile of  ilharess  Baenre when victorious. It is not vicious, it is not deadly, but there is- there is an edge to it he is not sure what to make of.“You bested me in battle,” he says. “And you have proven your strength. It would be foolish not to.”“That did not stop you from biting me,” she points out.“I wished to escape,” he says. “Would you blame me for wishing to go home?”“No,” Tesythe says, before he can reconsider his words. Her voice is strangely soft; it reminds him of an exposed underbelly - tender, vulnerable. “No, I would not blame you for wanting to return to what you know. I do not think anyone would wish to be a prisoner.”Empathy. A weakness. One he could use,  should  use. Plead his harmlessness, entreat to be allowed home, to what he has always known. He could. He  should.  If he was a true slave of House Baenre he should seek to return and, in any ideal world, should bring these surface-dwellers back as tribute to  ilharess  Baenre. But - he has been better treated here than he was even as the well-dressed formal courier back home. Even as the prettied-up herald, even when he was asked to act as an additional guard and it all led to this. Even as a prisoner to these people, he has been more reliably treated. No broken words - just broken hands, healed within a day. Even when he has fought to escape they have not increased cruelty, only doled out a punishment and waited.He does not  want  to use their weaknesses against them. Perhaps, after all, he is weak too.“Regardless,” he says. “You have proven your strength. You have also proven you keep your word. You have given me good reason to respect you and so -  ilareth.” He still does not know what to make of the smile she gives then but it is closer to the soft strange one she gives when he agrees to behave. He does not wholly know what to do with it, with the curl it of warmth it sends through him, but he sits straighter in the saddle. 

He is willing to be honest, that Tesythe learns. Not in all things, perhaps, and she knows better than to assume his honesty is offered in pure good faith but it is  something  at least. A step further towards at least some basic degree of decency. And, entirely wittingly or not, he is teaching her Drow. There are more differences between it and Elvish for her to easily grasp; she cannot make the mental links Isie claims she found when she learned it but there  is  a logic to it.And when she uses the Drow she has learned from him, he responds without hesitation, no indication he has to mentally check an altered dictionary. When she checks with Isalanthe she more closely defines some words but nothing is ever so drastically wrong as to make her suspect lies. It is promising. Even Isie is more willing to give Velkyn more trust, to give him an extra few feet of movement on the rope around camp, though Imeloch scowls like anything. When the rope comes undone - perhaps a shoddy knot failing, perhaps the result of Cevelette’s magic carefully tugging it loose in a test and Tesythe is inclined to believe the latter - Velkyn does not run. He continues helping around the camp. When Tesythe prepares to bed down to sleep he brings the rope with him, sets it down in a coil when he settles in for Reverie at the foot of her bedroll.Tesythe does not need to see the others bickering to know they are betting if he will stay or not, turn on them or not, try to hurt them or not. “You will behave?” she asks, soft in Elvish so only Velkyn can hear. She does not reach for the rope. He blinks, startled, not expecting the question.  “Igge, ilareth.” He’s as calm as ever, the strange note to his voice Tesythe increasingly thinks means honesty. Gently she reaches out to touch his hand, to pat it, once, twice.“Good boy,” she says. “Have a restful Reverie.” He doesn’t reply - he does not even offer his normal not-quite-a-flinch at the gentle praise. Instead, his face is simply shocked, not scared but uncertain in the face of simple kindness. “Velkyn,” she says, firm but not harsh. “Rest.”When she wakes, he is still sat  seiza  at the foot of her bedroll, eyes gently shut. The rope is still beside him, neatly coiled, ready to tether him again, untouched.“You will be good?” she asks before they prepare to ride out that day. “You will behave?”There is no hesitation to him now, no uncertainty.  “Igge, ilareth.” She does not bind his hands, she does not tie a rope to his waist. No need to return his weapons yet, no, but if he will not run, will not hurt them, will spend the whole night sat by her side with a long enough length of rope to make a trap or a noose, with the rope they use to tie him left undestroyed… she is willing to offer trust for such a clear endeavour to win it. He has not bitten her since that second day - it has been more than a week. She is not certain they are winning him over but she has hope.  

He does not know how long these people intend to stay down here. Most surface-dwellers - they pass through fleetingly, the Underdark too dangerous, too threatening, too filled with ready pitfalls for them all. They are not prepared for it as the drow and duergar are and if they stay too long below, so increases the chance of death, or capture, or some horrible other fate. There are illithid dens scattered through the Underdark and Velkyn knows well to fear them.“We are a trading company,” Tesythe reminds him. “And an adventuring company. Cevelette has several settlements she wishes to trade at and several sites she wishes to explore. We will stay below as long as we have food to feed us and sites left to see.”He does not know how to get across how dangerous that is - he knows they cannot be strangers to danger but this is more than that as their routes take them closer to outlier settlements of Menzoberranzan, sites not true Drow cities but nonetheless client cavedoms. “Velkyn,” she says, softly insistent. “We have survived a great deal.” She smiles, genuine good humour. “We survived you. We will be fine. We always find a way.”He does not know how, in Elvish, to express the nature of his concern - not just the risk to all of them but the risk of being  taken  from them. He has acted as courier to these outlier settlements before, if they pass anyone from them, if he is recognised, they might try to barter for him, drag him back to  ilharess  Baenre with all kinds of questions as to how he walked free with surface-dwellers and made no attempt to escape or return home. He is not entirely sure which frightens him more - the prospect of being taken back to  ilharess  Baenre’s cruelty and expectations, the commands she wields that he cannot escape and the status he never asked for, never wanted for all it’s benefits, or the prospect of losing this, travelling with these strange people who nonetheless offer kindness with no expectation but peace in response. 

He is getting restless as they skirt the last few of the drow satellite settlements. She knows they have been lucky so far, to go unnoticed, to avoid even traders or patrols. She does not doubt he fears it won’t last - she fears it more than a little herself - and so, when she is done helping Atles set up the hearth and stewpot, once Cevelette has cast an illusion over their little cave nook to make it look like a rockfall and set an Alarm to warn of unexpected approach, she goes to where Velkyn is laying out her bedroll, the folded blanket he kneels on for Reverie. He stills when she touches his head, a true stillness almost eerie in its entirety but which eases when he glances up from where he kneels to see her face. “It is just me,” she assures him.“Ilareth Tesythe.”He calls her that more and more, name and honorific in full. It is not quite as before, nigh-fearful obedience, wariness and pride and admission of respect for skill, if nothing else. It is warmer now and she is not sure if he has noticed it.“You have been anxious,” she says gently, fingers stroking through his hair. She does not miss how he leans, just a little, into the touch. “I know these settlements,” he says softly. It sounds like an admission he is not sure he should give. “I have visited a few before, for  ilharess Baenre.” When his eyes find hers they are distinctly afraid. Tes doesn’t know what to make of it; she’s never seen him look like that before even when she fought him to a standstill. “I do not want to go back,” he says. “But if we cross someone, someone who recognises me-”“They may want to make you.” It’s frighteningly easy to put together and she strokes his hair again, trying to soothe. “I’ll tell Cevelette to take care to steer us clear. It will be alright.”He does not say anything when he exhales - not a sigh but some degree of tension being released at least and when he sits  seiza  to enter Reverie that night, he sits by her side, not her feet. 

She wakes with a start - some noise, she thinks - but no, the memories of a nightmare trace lightly through her mind, just enough to be upsetting. She casts around for something recognisable but it’s pitch black. She can hear the steady breathing of the others asleep, the shuffling noises of the lizards but with the fire extinguished and no glowing fungi she can’t  see- A light flares, illuminating a face as black as pitch, pale glass-green eyes, and one of the small tallow candles Cevelette had got for their lanterns sputters as it’s lit.“Ilareth Tesythe.”A hand finds hers, healed fingers steady but still slightly crooked.“You are safe,” he says in Elvish, voice low. “Isalanthe is on watch.” He pauses for a moment, setting the candle down and Tes simply watches him, all smooth shadowed grace as he moves around her, careful to give her space but for the single point of contact, his hand on hers. “You slept,” he says softly, almost tentative. “Something woke you?”His voice makes it a question. It makes sense, she supposes. Like other elves, drow Trance rather than sleeping. Surface elves have enough contact with non-elves to understand the concept of sleep, of dreams, of nightmares. Below, in drow cities, what few humans are there would mostly be slaves and so below notice. The idea of dreams and nightmares is probably almost unheard of to them.“Bad dream,” she says. He still looks puzzled. “Do not worry,” she says, when the frown doesn’t ease. “It is nothing.”“I am not worried,” he says. In the flickering candlelight something akin to worry still crosses his face nonetheless. “But it is not nothing. You are human. You must sleep. This stopped you sleeping.”It’s a simple litany of facts and were it anyone else she might almost think they cared. But - it’s Velkyn. Her drow prisoner. Even with his strange respect and slowly increasing warmth, she hardly thinks he completely trusts them, let alone cares about any of them to any real extent despite his increasing honesty. But he’s watching her closely, the frown still not entirely eased, and so she shrugs. “It is not the first time,” she says. “I can go back to sleep.”“Do,” he says, still frowning. “I will keep watch. No one will hurt you.”That almost makes her laugh, his strange quiet determination. It is surprisingly endearing. “Not even you?”His eyes narrow, he chews his lip.  “Nau,”  he says.  “Ilareth Tesythe.  Not even me.” 

When she wakes he’s sat at her side, his hand in hers, keeping quiet watch.  

They clear the last of the satellite settlements without trouble. Velkyn does not know how to explain the sense of relief, now there are no longer iron clamps of dread around his ribcage, but it is clarifying nonetheless. He has always hated that feeling, that sense of dread; it has never brought him any kind of excitement or energy or drive as it has others, merely a growing anxiety. Perhaps, if anything, that too is a further reason why he is better suited to this soft troupe of surface-dwellers than his own kind. They clear the satellite settlements without trouble but they do not get far. Velkyn wonders if, perhaps, that is the trade, that they avoided  that  terror at the cost of something else - and he has not even his weapons to help in a fight, though he has some little spellwork to his advantage at least.The party is strong - that’s an upside. They’re strong and even given the ambush scenario, they’re tough. Cevelette has a hand extended, magic flying from her splayed fingers even before the first attack is done; Atles’ hand is pressed to his pendant, golden light starting to glint between his fingers, the elf twins are rushing ahead even as Tesythe draws her sword.But an obsidian dragon is a  very  hard beast to fight. Even a barely adult one.It roars down from the ceiling, wings flared to catch it, glassy black against the darkness of the cavern and Velkyn wishes he had a blade, more comfortable with a weapon in his hand for all the training  ilharess Baenre insisted he underwent, wishes he had his component pouch at least because without it those few more damaging spells he’s capable of are out of reach. There’s nothing for it, though as the flames spark from its mouth, as the others dodge and duck and hope, the lizards shying back as the others leap from the creature’s backs. He pats the lizards’ shoulders. Soothes them as best he can. Then he too, dismounts, reviewing what spells he  does  have at his disposal.Not much, he knows, but with most of his good spells unavailable to him, he supposes he can always pour more power into lesser spells. He knows from painful experience how effective that can be. “Velkyn!” Tesythe’s voice is loud and clear, the Elvish clipped and awkward with the stress of battle as she fights, plunging her sword as far into the dragon’s belly as she can while Cevelette casts something in a dark, guttural language, fingers twisting as black tentacles rise from the ground around the dragon’s rear half, tangling hard around it’s legs and anchoring it to the cavern floor. “Velkyn,  get clear!” But he can’t do that. Not when he knows how dangerous obsidians can be. He lifts his hands, palms pressed together, curls the lower two fingers together as he twists his hands, the remaining free fingers of one hand bracing the others as he points, sighting down the line of them. Blue-white light, pale as lake-ice, shoots from his fingers, crackling into the side of the beast even as Imeloch’s arrows hit, snapping with lightning, as the elf’s little beast nips hard at the dragon’s ankles. The lightning crackles across the ice of his spell, the slick sheen of it working into the crooks and crannies of the dragon’s scales, even the dragon’s heat only serving to melt the ice before the magic makes it freeze, the lightning spreading and the dragon  screams. He doesn’t expect the elfess to speak but she does, in Drow as precise and exacting as  ilharess  Baenre. “Velkyn!” she calls, quick and commanding. “Again!”Well, few of his other available spells can do much damage, and not with how obsidians are immune to fire, not with his other option unavailable due to lack of components. He shakes his tingling hands out before pressing his palms together, repeating the motion as he moves closer - dangerous, yes, but he wants to be more certain of his aim. The spell hits as another of Imeloch’s arrows does but the dragon’s shocked flailing at further lightning breaks it free of Cevelette’s binding spell and it twists, turns, wheeling around so it’s tail strikes out at Cevelette. She barely dodges, ending up prone, and the dragon’s claws dart out ripping across Tesythe.She’s thrown back and lands, winded, mere feet from Velkyn but her armour seems to have taken the brunt of the damage, for all there’s blood trickling from her forehead, black-burgundy dragonsblood on her blade. “Up,” he says, offering her a hand, and he has no idea if it’s Drow or Elvish or Undercommon, it hardly matters because she takes his hand as Atles cries something out, something in what has to be Celestial but harsh, cruel in a way Celestial is never supposed to be, a choral song turned into a mourning dirge, a call to battle, a furious cry all at once, and luminescent green magic glows from the halfling, no hint of his usual gold, and swirls around the dragon like a swarm, a miasma, wrapping around and sinking in and the dragon cries out, hoarse and hacking, coughing only wet sparks of flame. The look of vicious satisfaction on the halfling’s face is one Velkyn never wishes to see again; someone usually so calm, so friendly, so  kind,  has no business looking so utterly cruel. “You,”  the dragon snarls, not Draconic, not Drow, but Undercommon and Velkyn thinks only he and Cevelette the tiefling understand it as the dragon’s head twists towards Atles but whatever strange magic the halfling cast earlier is shimmering around him now, hiding his location as the dragon tries to swipe. Atles twists aside as the dragon’s claw passes right through his body and he comes up unscathed, untouched, smiling. The dragon looks angry far more than it does hurt and Velkyn has no doubt this will not be an easy battle.Tesythe darts forwards again, sword swinging out at the dragon’s leg before she pulls back, gaining enough space to dodge but not enough to prompt an immediate attack. Isalanthe the elfess is somehow halfway up the dragon’s back, two daggers and a shortsword embedded either side of it’s spine and at the base of it’s skull. Cevelette is spitting angry and when the dragon attempts to swipe at her next she Misty Steps away before casting something to render herself invisible. The dragon turns for them, now, the last left close enough by while it’s unable to reach up and claw at Isalanthe on it’s back, with Imeloch at a high vantage and Cevelette and Atles with their illusory selves in place. “Tesythe,” Velkyn says, darting closer, extending a hand.  “Ilareth Tesythe.” She doesn’t pause, doesn’t hesitate, but takes his hand and holds on tight as he casts a Dimension Door to pull them to the other side of the battlefield.  

Tesythe’s hand is warm in his, squeezing once before she lets go, running for the rock-ridge ahead of them, leaping forwards, sword out and the blade sinks into the dragon’s side, tears a wide gash open down it’s ribs and then she’s underneath it, hidden by its own vast bulk before another of Imeloch’s arrows lands, a second skittering off a wing. He can’t stay put. Where he is, at this distance, he’s no use to anyone.He drops down the ridge, taking care as he goes - he is not half so reckless as Tesythe is - but he can hear, behind him, grunts of pain, snarls of anger, and knows that by the time he’s nearer the others will be yet more bloodied.He lands on solid rock and turns. The others are scattered around but Tesythe stands before the dragon, some twenty-five feet away, her sword in one hand, icy-pale magic glistening in her other palm, bloodied teeth bared as she moves with all the battle-ready grace he’s come to expect of her. Her spell flies out, sword swinging hard in follow-up and the dragon gives a guttural growl, long neck coiling up and back, claws lifting from the ground-The dragon is rearing, fire sparking in its throat, the glow bright through the dark glass of it’s scales and Velkyn runs, hand to his chest, incantation on his lips as he sprints, ducking under the dragon’s tail until he skids to a halt in front of Tesythe, arms outstretched to cover her as best he can as the dragon stares down at him, dark eyes glinting, fire-breath rising in it’s gullet. The flames come, the Shield spell rises and then all Velkyn knows is pain and fire and burning. 

Atles is there in a moment, sprinting across the chamber as the dragon stumbles, swiping with one claw and almost catching his foot, one hand wrapped around his pendant and his two outstretched fingers glowing gold as they press to Velkyn’s brow. Tesythe recognises  spare the dying, for all it’s a rarely used spell.“That’s all I can spare for now,” he says. “He’ll be stable as long as he stays clear.”He can’t move, though, and they cannot stay put and protect him. The only option left is to kill this dragon.Tesythe decides that she  really  dislikes this dragon.The rest of the fight is a blur - of fire, of scales, of swords and spellwork, frost and lightning cast over and over, claws dodged but not always successfully, claws digging in and teeth and flames harsh on flesh and their strikes back just as brutal, until the dragon keens a final cry and collapses, wheezing a final breath onto the bloodied, rocky floor.  Good riddance,  Tesythe thinks and spits on the body before heading to Velkyn.He’s untouched on the ground, no worse than he was before but the burns on him are terrible, spread from hip to hip and covering most of his chest. His armour is ruined and when she bends to press a hand to his forehead, he whimpers.“Shh,” she says softly. Elvish, Elvish, it has to be Elvish. “It’s all right,” she promises. “You’re safe now.”“There’s a cave back that way,” Imeloch calls as he clambers down from his vantage point, extending a hand to help his sister jump down from the dragon’s body. “Large, a lot of gold. I think that was it’s lair.”“Accessible?” Cevelette asks and Imeloch nods. “Good. We’ll camp there to recuperate. At the minimum, we all need healing, Velkyn needs seeing to and we deserve that gold.”Tes doesn’t hesitate; with as much gentleness as she can muster, she scoops Velkyn up. He whimpers, cries out, but doesn’t stir. “Atles?”“He’s stable,” the halfling confirms. “I’ll see to him once I’ve seen to all of you, right now he’s too unconscious to really know much of what’s going on.”No, Tesythe thinks. He knows enough to know he’s in pain. But they have bandages and potions for that, if they have any left after seeing to themselves.She hears, behind her, the others discussing, Isalanthe’s quick voice before her steady footsteps head back towards the lizards, Atles’ low tones as he checks something with Lettie before darting ahead towards the cave. Imeloch’s voice, surprisingly quiet but clear nonetheless as he says, “When we have camp set up, we need to discuss the drow.”Tesythe isn’t looking forward to it. 

“He has spells.” Tesythe doesn’t look up from Velkyn. Atles’ spellwork has patched up most of them but Velkyn still bears the brunt of his injuries despite their best efforts. Magical healing has brought him back from the brink of death, stabilised him from his burns and bruises, but he’s still unconscious and hurt, injuries dotting his body.Tes busies herself wrapping the burns on his side - a fine layer of healing herbs and honey, the bandages overtop to hold it in against his skin, soothing and soft until the morning, when Atles can look at him again. Velkyn, still unconscious, whimpers at the press of bandages, but doesn’t awaken. Doesn’t move. “Tes.” Imie’s voice is insistent. “He  has spells.” Tesythe doesn’t consider the statement worthy of responding to. “We noticed,” Lettie said. “He used them to help us.”“Tes took a component pouch off him when we captured him,” Atles points out. “Binding his hands and keeping his components was the most we could do at the time.”“If he could have escaped-”“He tried the first night, brother. We stopped him.”“His hands were broken then-”“We kept his hands bound for most a week before giving him more rein to move in,” Atles points out. “He’d only have been able to do verbal spells and there aren’t many with only that. And odds are, we’d recognise the spell and stop him if he tried.”“He’s had spells this whole time,” Imeloch states. “No,  listen.  If he had the spells, then once his hands were healed and we let him free, he could have used that. But he didn’t. For whatever reason - not to help us  and not to hurt either-”  the latter part is said quickly as though he’s trying to cut someone off from interrupting him. “Just- if he’s had spells this whole time, if he’s had spells that he could have used to escape - he took Tes through a Dimension Door to get her out of the dragon’s way, then why didn’t he use that for himself? We’d not be able to catch him if he just DimDoor’d a straight hundred yards back behind us and took off running - so why didn’t he?”“It’s dangerous down here,” Atles says, obviously. “Odds of surviving alone are lower than the hells.”“He has useful spells,” Imeloch points out. “And he could have repeatedly used Dimension Door to cover additional distance if he was attacked.”“He’s fond of Tes.” It’s Isie who says that, almost like it’s obvious. Tes can hear the telltale shift of cloth that means Isie’s shrugged. “He listens to her as he won’t any of us; he calls her  ilareth.  That’s a genuine term of respect.”“Drow don’t do friendliness and  fondness,  sister,” Imeloch says witheringly. “He could have escaped at almost any point since we let him go unbound in the campsite. So why hasn’t he?” Because we’re kinder to him than his old masters were.  She smooths a hand lightly over his side, making sure the layers of bandages are secure. He doesn’t make a sound, doesn’t move, so she settles him down on her bedroll, moving to his other injuries - three fingers on his left hand are broken again and will need splinting, there’s grazes disappearing under what remains of the collar of his shirt, blood showing through the silver-grey cloth. His face is fine but his pale hair is bloodied, sections of it almost matted together. “You think he wants to stay with us because he’s got some kind of a plan.” Cevelette’s tone is considering, as though she thinks it likely. Tesythe couldn’t disagree more - Velkyn might have wanted to go home at first, might have wanted to go back to what he knows but Tes doesn’t think he really does, not anymore. He knows, at this point, that she’s sympathetic to him, if he wanted to leverage that to try to get home he could have,  hells  he could have chosen not to warn her as they passed the satellite settlements. But he did. He chose to reassure her after a nightmare. He chose to save her life in the fight they just barely survived. Tesythe doesn’t think he’d have done that if he wanted only to go home. Velkyn’s hair is incredibly fine; as she mops the blood out of it it’s soft as silk, the thistledown-white of it stained slightly pink from his blood. As she gets closer to his scalp, the blood starts seeping again; a fine thin cut, not deep, but clearly painful given Velkyn’s expression as she cleans it. She moves one hand, gently strokes his head as she has before and, even unconscious, he leans a little into the touch. “Maybe,” Imeloch says. There’s a pause, no one speaking for a stretch and Tesythe welcomes the peace for what little time it lasts.“He saved Tesythe’s life.” Atles’ voice is firm. “He didn’t have to do that. Help us, or at least not hinder us, yes, but put himself at risk to save one of our lives? No. He didn’t have to do that.” “If she died he’d have no way of knowing if he’d end up under our thumbs - and we aren’t so favourable to him as she is - or if we’d just kill him,” Imeloch says. Fantastic, they’ve stopped trying to drag her into the conversation. “He’s almost dead anyway, brother,” Isalanthe points out. “And he has no guarantee we’d heal him or even be able to heal him at the end of this. If he’s balancing risks this is a very risky play to make.”“But if he saved one of our lives in doing so,” Cevelette says, “We’d have every reason to trust him in good faith.”“Which he could then use to get his things, escape us and enact whatever plan he’s had time to make,” Imeloch seconds. “If we trust him he could lead us all the way back if he really wanted.”“I’m not stupid, Imeloch, I’d notice if he led us in a circle.” Lettie’s voice is hard-edged and for a moment conversation lulls, the argument fizzling out with any indication that Cevelette is actually annoyed at something.She’s done what she can for Velkyn for now. Gently, Tesythe lifts Velkyn’s head into her lap, pillowing his skull on a folded blanket and stroking his hair with one hand. Into the silence, she speaks.“He doesn’t want to go back.”There’s silence; when she looks up, the others are staring at her. “He said as much,” she says, tilting her head. “When we were passing the satellite settlements. He’d run messages to them before when he was a courier; he was afraid if we ran into anyone from there they’d recognise him.” She pauses, swallows. “And if they recognised him as a slave of Matron Mother Baenre, travelling willingly and unbound with surface-dwellers but without weapons, they’d think him a captured traitor and want to drag him back to Menzoberranzan for a reward.” She glances down at Velkyn. He has never said  why  there would be a reward for a slave such as him returned. She supposes, now, the question is answered a little - his spellwork, as well as how fiercely he fought before… he is no common slave but a prized one, prized far more than just a courier or guard. She sighs and tucks her hair back, watches down at his face. There’s still a frown to his brow but his eyes are closed, his breathing soft and even. She knows from the twins how rare it is for elves to sleep - it’s  possible, yes, but a rarity. She combs her fingers through his hair and swallows. “The idea of being taken back terrified him. Of being taken back to  ilharess  Baenre. I know you all think that drow can’t possibly be good but- he’s behaved. He’s done as asked.  I’m  the one he’s hurt, more than any of you, and I’m the one that’s hurt him, more than any of you. And he saved my life.”“You’re also responsible for him,” Cevelette points out gently. “You deal with him more than any of us; if anything is likely to soften someone towards another, Tes...”She trails off, the conclusion obvious, for all she says it without accusation or blame. “I had a nightmare the other night.” It’s said softly; Tes doesn’t entirely realise she’s said it until the words are out. She swallows and speaks again. “I had a nightmare the other night and you know, I don’t think he even knows what nightmares are? Where he comes from, non-drow don’t matter enough for a drow, even a slave, to know much about sleep except that non-elves need it. Certainly not enough for them to know about dreams or nightmares. But I had a nightmare. It woke me. And- I couldn’t see. It’s pitch black down here and I couldn’t see a thing.“And then he lit a candle for me. He-” She glances down at his face. “In his own way, he tried to comfort me. He was concerned. Isie was on watch, I think; he could have stayed in Reverie and waited for her to notice. He could have waited for me to remember we were in the Underdark and go back to sleep. He could have woken up and reminded me himself and never lit a candle. But- he realised why I was frightened and he tried to comfort me. He tried to be kind.”For a while the others are quiet. When she dares to look up, Imie looks gobsmacked, Isalanthe genuinely surprised. Atles is wide-eyed and Lettie looks thoughtful. “You know it could have been manipulation,” she says, lifting a hand to rub one of her horns. “Drow- their society hinges on knowing how to handle others.”“I don’t think it was,” Tesythe says. “And- how far do you go with a game to convince someone you’re on their side only to betray them? At a certain point, it’s not manipulation, it’s real.”“Drow men traditionally have better odds of gaining power by ingratiating themselves with women,” Isie says thoughtfully. “Be that sisters they ally themselves too as trusted swords, or Matrons they become the favoured consorts of. When they’re unrelated… seduction is usually the technique drow men use. That or sometimes coercion.”Tesythe blinks. “He hasn’t tried either with me.”“Maybe he knows that surface cultures are different?” Imeloch says but even he sounds doubtful.“He didn’t know what nightmares were,” Atles points out. “And while he might know that surface cultures are different - by how much, in what ways? If you go solely off our group, we’re basically a matriarchy too. Lettie gets final say in everything.” He shrugs. “So why wouldn’t he use that technique if it’s the standard and it works?”They fall silent; no sound but for their breathing, the lizards shuffling, the campfire crackling. Tesythe strokes a hand through Velkyn’s hair. In his doze, he mumbles a little, head tilting into the touch, face pressing a little against her knee. “Shh,” she says. “Shh, it’s all right.”The frown on his brow doesn’t ease but he quietens. “There’s nothing for it,” Lettie says. “We’ll stay at camp here for the night. Imie, Isie, do you think you can butcher the dragon for parts?” Tesythe supposes the two must nod because Lettie’s next words are, “Good, get on that. Atles, sort some food. Tes is clearly staying put to help Velkyn, so I’m on lizard duty this evening. When things are sorted, we’ll go through this hoard for anything good. No more discussing the drow until we’ve all got some damned sleep.”The others head off; Tesythe would feel bad about leaving them to the campsite chores but that she wouldn’t feel right abandoning Velkyn right now, not while he’s unconscious with injuries. His head shifts a little in her lap, the bloodied side of his head pressing against bone and he winces, whimpers. His mumbled words are clearer.  “Nau,”  he says, half a whisper, almost pleading.  “Nau, ilharess. Nau  xaldos!”She’s figured out the last word recently from their various small conversations. It means  please.  

He wakes and for a moment he’s disoriented. He doesn’t know where he is or how he got here - he remembers the dragon and grabbing Tesythe, the others all fighting and his reckless decision to use what magic he had available, fire, fire, burning and pain, the smell of his own skin cooking.And now he’s laid out on … something soft, though he can feel hard ground beneath, his head resting on something else soft, something else soft beneath that. When he shifts his head there’s a moment of pain; he winces. For a moment he thinks- but the  ilharess  rarely travels and never without a full retinue and as he casts his gaze up to take stock of things he sees the reassuring face of Tesythe, eyes shut and head tilted forward as she sleeps, a thick blanket draped around her shoulders.He lets out a long and shaky breath he hadn’t realised he’d been holding in. She must have fallen asleep while sitting cross-legged, he realises, his head in her lap; he can feel one of her hands in his hair. He has vague memories too, of the pain and also the soft soothing touch of a hand in his hair, stroking gently. His side and stomach, where he’d been burned, are painful but not as agonising as they had been; when he shifts a hand to touch he feels bandages. When he presses he feels something move beneath them - a poultice? His fingers are stiff, several of them splinted, but he’s not in so terribly bad a way he can’t move.Well, that’s something. He plants his hands on the ground and tries to lift himself up. His splinted hand complains but he’s dealt with worse; it’s not until he’s halfway sat up that the wounds on his abdomen complain so much he collapses back down, a noise of pain escaping despite his best efforts. “Vel?” It’s mumbled, half-awake, and when he glances back up to Tesythe’s face her eyes are blinking open.The Common, gods, what’s the Common. “Hello, Tesythe.”“Velkyn!” It’s not an outright cry but it is louder and relieved and he doesn’t expect her smile, bright and shining, doesn’t expect her hands gentle around his face as she bends and presses a kiss to his forehead. “You’re awake,” she says in Elvish, still smiling. Her thumbs stroke his cheeks gently and, carefully, he tries to twist his head free of her touch. Hair is fine, hair he’s become used to from her, but face- no. She lets go without hesitation, one hand returning to his hair, the other reaching to one side for-He hears sloshing sounds as she lifts a waterskin into view. “Are you thirsty?” she asks. “You’ve missed dinner, I’m afraid.”He’s parched, he realises, and he nods. She lets him have the waterskin, helps lift his head so he doesn’t splash water everywhere since he can’t sit up and reclaims the waterskin when he’s done, settling his head back down.For a while, there’s silence. Tesythe’s gaze is gentle as she watches down at him, relief still clear on her face, but she doesn’t speak. It’s… soothing, almost, in a strange way he doesn’t know how to parse. Perhaps it’s that Tesythe clearly has no expectations for him, doesn’t expect an outpouring of gratitude for his continued life. Perhaps it’s that here, at least, he is safe - he’s patched up, bandaged and poulticed even if not healed magically as Atles had his hands. There’s a lot of  perhapses.  He really doesn’t have the energy to ponder them all out right now.“Feeling better?” Tesythe asks eventually, when he shifts a little to get comfortable, winces, and adjusts himself anyway. Her Elvish is more natural than when she first started speaking to him with it - has improved far more than his own - and he wonders how he didn’t notice it until now.“Much,” he says and chuckles, winces, chuckles anyway. “I am not dead.”“No,” Tesythe says and her hand strokes over his hair. He’s not sure if it’s meant to comfort her or him. “No, Atles stabilised you. He’ll see about healing you up better in the morning; we were all a bit tapped out on magic after that fight.” “They are awful,” he says. “Obsidian dragons. We are lucky they are few. Most do not like the Underdark; they prefer volcanoes or the Plane of Fire.”“Obsidian?” Tesythe’s tone makes it a question. “That explains why we didn’t recognise it. It wasn’t like any black dragon we’d seen before.”“Gemstone dragons,” Velkyn clarifies. “There are several types. But they are all rare.”Tesythe laughs dryly. “Good,” she says. “I have decided I do not like them at all.”He can’t help smiling at that, at the equal measures of humour and sincerity in her tone, the firmness of it, the way her hand strokes through his hair as she smiles down at him. “I’m glad you’re awake,” she says softly. “Seeing you unconscious- it was very strange.”“I am going to sleep again,” he points out. “I am in no position to Trance like this. Not until the burns are healed enough I can sit up properly.”“Perhaps,” she says. “But still. It’s good to know you’re on the mend.”She doesn’t say anything more - and he has no idea what she expects him to  say  to that, if anything - but she smiles down at him still, soft and warm. It makes him feel… oddly exposed in a way he doesn’t know what to make of, not uncomfortable but almost vulnerable - even though  she  is the vulnerable one, to be so obviously kind and fond.“Will you sleep?” he asks eventually, when the silence has stretched enough he finds it uncomfortable. He reaches a hand up to touch her hair - a few of the braids she uses to tuck the thick curls of the rest of it back have fallen loose from behind her ears and he tucks them back into place. “Sitting upright like this- it is fine for me when I Trance but I do not think humans are meant to sleep even halfway upright.”“No,” she says. “We’re not. But I don’t want to make you uncomfortable by leaving you without your pillow. You were too deeply asleep before for me to want to move; I was worried it would disturb you or hurt you if I did.”“Fold a blanket,” he suggests. “Like you have done before. I will be fine. You need rest too.”He doesn’t know what to do with  this  expression she makes either, not a smile, but undeniably fond nonetheless, warm like the distant heat of the campfire - gone low and at a distance but a lingering, constant warmth all the same. It sends some uncertain thing coiling through his stomach, twisting up towards his throat and he blinks, uncertain in the face of it.“All right,” she says. “One moment.”She’s quick and deft as she lifts his head just a little, shuffles to one side and sets his head down as she folds a blanket, lifts his head and slides the bundle beneath his head. She doesn’t move to find a bedroll though, or anything else. He… he supposes, he must be using her bedroll, though, mustn’t he, and instead she settles at his side, the blanket from around her shoulders covering her as she folds her arms under her cheek to make a pillow. There’s an arm’s length between them, close enough to reach across but not so close as to feel uncomfortable, oppressive, unwanted. “Will you be able to sleep easily?” she asks. Her voice is softly curious, not without worry but not beladen with it either. “If you don’t usually.”“I have not slept in years,” he admits. “It is too dangerous to do so. But I must and so I will.”She watches him, quiet and steady before she lets out a long breath - not a sigh but one of relaxation. “All right,” she says. She reaches out one hand to him, tucks a piece of hair back behind his ear before returning her hand to being her pillow. “Sleep well, Velkyn.”Her eyes close, her shoulders shift as she gets comfortable. He doesn’t know what to say but, “You also,  ilareth Tesythe.”  

There is no conversation the next morning, despite Cevelette’s initial call for one. She wakes them, yes, hands gentle on their shoulders as she usually is, careful not to hurt them with her claws, but she glances down at their faces, smiles at them both and suggests that Tesythe get them both breakfast.“It’s porridge,” she says. “Atles thought it’d be easier for Velkyn to eat if he’s having trouble moving - and he wants Velkyn to eat before he heals him.”That’s… oddly gentle after the debate last night but Tes will take it. She fetches their bowls and helps Velkyn sit up, moving a lump of rock for him to lean against. Imeloch scowls at Cevelette, then his sister when Isalanthe flicks his nose and tells him to stop being a sourpuss but no one bothers them until they’ve finished eating, at which point Atles comes over, holy symbol in one hand and healing magic at his fingertips, to check on Velkyn.A few spells later and Velkyn’s moving far more easily, able to sit more upright, able to stand without wincing. “We’ll leave the bandages on,” Atles says. “I don’t think I’ve healed the lot, yet, but that’s at least a start. I need some spells left for whatever bastard thing we’re inevitably going to face today.”And that’s… that’s the end of it. Whatever debate they were going to have dismissed, Atles, always Cevelette’s most reliable ally, clearly on board, even Isalanthe more inclined to believe Velkyn an ally than an enemy. Tesythe’s not entirely sure what to make of it but she’s glad of it regardless. 

The next few days are strangely quiet. Velkyn knows the Underdark well enough to know that’s never a good sign - quiet always precedes terror, always precedes some terrible event and it’s always best to be wary than to assume safety.He’s too tired, the burns across his belly still not quite healed enough for him to be free of pain, to keep an eye out, but the others remain sharp. He’s glad of that. That, with these strange people he can trust them to see them safe.(Perhaps, he thinks, this is the benefit of kindness and trust: you can rely on allies not because of threats that may lose their hold, not because of fear which may waver, but because they have their own vested interest in your wellbeing.)(He’s not sure how he feels about that.)Still. Things settle into a pattern, slightly different to before. He’s still allowed to go unbound, despite the fact they know of his spells; when they come to a river they need to cross Cevelette even suggests he could Dimension Door over, nothing in her face to suggest that he  has  to, but rather that she trusts him to do that and no more.He could do more, though, and so he casts Dimension Door over and over, taking the lizards through as well as everyone else.“Good boy,” Tesythe says when they all land safely on the other side. Her smile is warm, her tone genuine and anything but condescending. He no longer feels half an imposter at her praise: he has no idea  what  to do now but he knows he doesn’t want to win their faith just to turn on them anymore. Return home, maybe, but spending time around Tesythe and the others is no chore, no terror, not anymore.If anything he might almost say he likes it.Their path is starting to curve upwards now. They’d delved down deep, the dragon’s lair an unexpected lowest point in their travels, but they’re climbing now and the moods of the others seem to be lifting. When he asks Tes, she nods.“Lettie’d heard stories about the lava lake down there,” she says. “After this there’s only a few more places to trade at and one site she wants to check and they’re all much closer to the surface.”The surface. He suspects, soon enough, he’s going to have to make a final decision as to if he wants to stay down here, to try to find his way home, or if he’s going to stay with these people.The decision comes rather sooner than expected. 

It’s relatively early in the day’s travel as things go, their second day on a more consistently trod path. With their journey now taking them upwards they’re returning to well-worn trackways, known trade routes, even some few carven roads. This is a wilder stretch, a series of caves tunnelled together but not made much more precise when it happens. The male elf is sprinting back to them, spitting a warning as quickly and quietly as he can, just ahead of his sister, his strange feathered lizard scurrying close behind him, eerily silent. Usually the thing is squawking up a storm but right now the only noise from it is the clacking of it’s long talons against the stone as the elf’s sister arrives, immediately grabbing the attention of Tes, Cevelette and Atles as she explains something.“Drow,” she says once she’s spat out the words to the others, now looking him in the eye. There’s a deadly look there, as though she half suspects him of bringing this down on them. “They’re only a little way away.”The others are debating options, he doesn’t have to understand all the words to understand  that,  and there’s far too many shaken heads and frowns for him to feel comfortable.“Velkyn,” Isalanthe says in Elvish. “Big furry beast, guard. What is it?” “Quaggoth,”  he says, then, in the stilted Common he’s been learning. “Big? Hulking? Pale fur, face like a beast? Quaggoth.”“You know what they are?” Isalanthe’s brother asks. Back to Elvish then. “Enslaved guards,” he says, waving a hand. “They protect matriarchs, favourites, guard captains. Ranking drow.”Cevelette spits a curse. Isalanthe creeps back towards the corner to look out. The others - the halfling, the male elf, the tiefling now she’s spat her curse - are all hurriedly discussing options; Tesythe has pulled her shield from her back, her hand patting her component pouch before coming to rest on the hilt of the sword at her hip.He’s not bound. He’s glad of that. He can still call to mind most of his spells, too, though they haven’t given him back his weapons or his component pouch. His replacement armour is good enough to fight in but right now there is one essential fact: he is drow. There are drow headed their way. And a  quaggoth  meaning the party has- has at least a house captain amongst their number, likely an inquisitor or arachnomancer, perhaps even an acolyte priestess. They will be too much for this small group.“Tes,” he says, reaching for her hand. He hardly has the presence of mind to remember the Elvish for this but she’s been picking up bits and pieces of Drow.  “Dosst khaless?”  She frowns at him and he tugs her hand, trying to get the point across.  “Xaldos,”  he says.  Please  .  “Khaless ussa.” “I do not-” she says in Elvish. “Vel-”He does not know how far the group is. He does not know how long they have. Carefully, slowly, his eyes fixed on hers, he lifts her hand to his mouth, places her fingers between his teeth. He does not bite.“Khaless,” he says, when he removes her hand. He wracks his mind for the words in Elvish. “Yewl-” He says, hesitant. “Yewl tel’quiet hiine yrrin, Tes.” Give me your faith, Tes. He doesn’t know the Elvish for trust. “Yewl tel’quiet khaless, Tes.”“I don’t-” she says in Common.“Trust.” It’s Isalanthe and she looks shocked but also just enough like she might agree to this. “He’s asking- he’s asking for you to give him your trust. He wants you to trust him.”Tes’ eyes widen, her gaze darts - her hand, his mouth.  “Khaless,”  she says. Then, in Elvish.  “Avavaen, Vel.  Of course.” A pause that feels like it stretches for eternity.  “Igge.”  It’s the word in Drow that makes him relax.He squeezes her hands and turns to the tiefling.  “Faer,”  he says and he’s so glad  magic  is the same between Drow and Elvish. “Ah-” He draws a hand over his face, lifts it off like it’s a mask and then extends his hand as though to place the mask on the others. The tiefling blinks, confused.  “Vel vel’uss dos phuul.”  “Nelluon,”  the female elf says and then in Common, “Illusion.”The tiefling says something quickly and the elfess nods, says something. The tiefling’s hands dart, sparking crimson magic spinning from her palms as she spits an incantation in Infernal. In a moment the magic settles over the others - they look like drow, Tesythe dressed especially finely, her features made more angular and elfin but still definitely her. It’s reassuring, even if a part of him is still not entirely sure he wants to do this and he hurries to prepare. 

She trusts me.  The thought echoes through his mind as he organises them, mocks up the postures they should take as quickly as he can before pulling the halfling’s lizard forward and mounting it. It’s a quiet beast but unenchanted; he has to work to make it behave. Good thing he’d started out on stable duty - it’s not too much a struggle. Tesythe trusts him. The others trust Tesythe. If you wanted,  whispers a voice, the quiet clever one in the back of his mind, one which sounds just like  ilharess  Baenre.  If you wanted you could betray them and only the elfess might realise in time. You could go   home.   You could come back to me. That is what he realises in the scant few moments they have before they hear the footsteps of lizards and people, the heavy footfalls of the quaggoth, as he paints a proud expression on his face. Yes,  he says.  I could. If I wanted to.  His mouth frames the appropriate greeting as the drow round the bend, his hand lifted with fingers spread so as to clearly indicate no spell. He does this on autopilot; he’s acted as herald and courier enough times to know the protocols.  I don’t want to go home,  he thinks, glancing back to Tes and the others. Apart from Tes, maybe none of them especially  like  him. That hardly matters; he’s spent his whole life not being liked. But Tes is… Tes is  kind,  she’s a master who only doles out pain when he’s done something to deserve it, not because she’s bored or because she wants to. She has never yet asked him to do something he hates; at worst she has asked him to do things he has no strong feelings on. She is a master who keeps her word.

He’s hardly aware of the tale he’s spinning but it’s got to be good, as good as any of the stories he told the slave children, as good as the lies he told the guard captain to get out of trouble, as good as every lie he’s ever told all at once, as good as all the ones he ever told  ilharess  Baenre, to flatter her so he could avoid further hurt and harm. The words trip off his tongue, easy patterns to make as he watches the expressions he faces, alters phrases to be more like what they want to hear.It would be easier in other circumstances, if this party didn’t have three women to it, if it had only had Tesythe, but the others are there too. Elfess Isalanthe sitting tall and proud atop her lizard, her brother stood beside her beast with a face like thunder and his small creature at his side, tiefling Cevelette louche and relaxed on her beast, Atles’ smaller stature disguised by the lizard he’s sat on as much as the illusion Cevelette has woven.And Tesythe. The scar on her cheek and jaw turned strikingly silvery against the pitch of her illusory skin, her thick cloud of hair turned silver and threaded through with beads and bones and spiders, the ferocious determination with which she’d defeated him bright in her eyes, magic curling copper and grey-green in her palm.She looks like a high priestess, like a queen, like a matriarch who’s faced down coups and won each time, she looks as strong as  ilharess  Baenre ever did, but he doesn’t fear her one jot. He respects her too much for that, too truly for that. He knows, now, what she will and will not do as he could never guess for  ilharess  Baenre. She is a ruler he can look up to,  does  look up to, someone he’d follow willingly as he never did the matrons or priestesses and in his mind she stands over even  ilharess  Baenre.So he says so.  “Valsharess Tesythe of Maerimydra,”  and he wracks his memory for every story he’s ever heard of the place until the drow they face look impressed enough he thinks they won’t try anything. “We have our duty,” he says. “And hosts who await our news. My lady thanks you for the entertainment but we must be on.”It’s all bullshit but it’s good enough bullshit and the drow pass them by, even the quaggoth only sniffing curiously at Imeloch’s little beast once or twice before continuing on.By the Seldarine light and dark he is so glad they’re travelling in opposite directions. “Ilareth,”  he says, when the party has gone. He doubts they’re wholly out of earshot. “If you permit us?”Tesythe, he thinks, understands.  “Igge, Velkyn,”  she says, calm and confident, but her  expression- He doesn’t know what to make of that expression but it sends pleasure curling in his belly, makes him lift his chin and straighten his spine, and as they ride on he feels something close to pride even as old anxieties and fears threaten to drown him and for at least a moment more he can push them away. I don’t want to go back,  he thinks again, hard against the whispering voice of  ilharess  Baenre that lingers in the back of his mind.  I have a better master now than you ever were.  What he thinks next is close to blasphemy. I have a   kinder   master now than you ever were.  

“That-” Tesythe says when they are well away, a solid hours ride on. “That was-” She does not know what to call it, what to make of it, but Velkyn spun some kind of a tale and the other drow left, their huge beast following and despite Imie and Isie taking it in turns to scout backwards and ahead, there’s no trace of someone following them, no trace of anything terrible that came of letting Velkyn try to help them.  Succeed  in helping them. “Velkyn,” she says, reaching to pat his arm.  “Well done.” It is not until then that she notices he is shaking, hands trembling. “Velkyn?”He has been quiet since, she knows that. He had sat up straighter once they were on their way, sure and proud, but he has relaxed since, or at least, she had  thought  he had relaxed.She is not entirely sure, now, that he hasn’t been spending the past hour vigorously attempting to suppress a panic attack.“Cevelette!” she calls, prepared to ask for a halt, before Velkyn’s hand darts out, grasps her wrist fiercely, so tight it almost hurts.  “Nau,”  he says.  “Xaldos. Usstan orn inbau alur. Xal-”  He draws a shaky breath.  “Xal usstan for draeval?” “Elvish,” she says gently. She places her free hand on his where it holds her wrist, loosening his grip. “I can’t understand you well enough yet.”Nau she knows. No. Xaldos- he only occasionally uses that but it’s a compound word and contextual - may you; the way he uses it here makes it closer to please. Usstan is the self, inbau is to get both in the sense of to fetch and in the sense of progression. Alur she doesn’t know but orn means will. With the context, how he tries to say it as a reassurance for all his trembling, she can guess alur.No. Please. I will get better. “A moment,” he asks, Elvish soft and careful, trembling like his hand, and she supposes that explains the last part.  May I have  she could grasp,  draeval  was new. A moment, then, or a minute, or time, she doesn’t know the specific, just that that will be the linkage point if that’s the Elvish he’s using for it. “A moment  xaldos,  Tesythe.” “Igge Velkyn,”  she says.  “Asanque.” His gaze flickers up at that, surprise writ clear behind whatever fear and panic is going on for him. “Tes?” Cevelette’s voice is clear and fear flickers back over Velkyn’s face, his hand clenching where it holds her wrist.“It’s all right,” she says to him as gently as she can. “Later!” she calls back to Lettie down the line and the tiefling frowns but flicks her reins, nudging her lizard on, the ride moving again. With a jolt that almost breaks Vel’s grip on her arm, their lizards move forward together.He doesn’t speak. His hand doesn’t let go of her wrist but it’s not as painful now - he’s trying to anchor himself, she thinks, not to cause pain. “It’s all right,” she says gently. “Do you want to talk about it?”He shakes his head vigorously, thistledown hair dancing around his face, falling loose from how it’s usually tucked back. “All right,” she says. “All right.”“Later,” he says.  “Xaldos, Tesythe.”“Of course,” she says. “Of course.”He doesn’t relax. He doesn’t let go of her wrist. But he does, slowly, start to breathe easier. 

There aren’t any words that come to mind as the panic recedes. He could say thank you, he supposes, but he doesn’t think he quite has the confidence for that just yet. Tesythe rides at his side, hasn’t removed her wrist from his grip and he draws a breath in, lets it out, and, gradually, his heart slows it’s race.When he glances to Tes, the worried frown on her face eases, her lips quirk in a soft and reassuring smile.“Better?” she asks.“A little,” he says. He squeezes her wrist and, finally, lets go. “Thank you.”“Of course,” she says. “Of course.”This isn’t simple gratitude, his weakness here being overlooked for the help he gave before. She hadn’t been kind to him out of gratitude after he’d saved her life, she’s not about to start now, but her kindness is present nonetheless, gentle and without weight, without judgement. There’s no hint she thinks him lesser for this and where once some part of him would have whispered at the weakness of such a thing, would have assured him that anyone who had to see his weakness must know it and think less of him…No, he doesn’t think Tes does. He doesn’t know  why,  not for the life of him, but he doesn’t think she thinks less of him.If anything, in moments like this, she seems more fond than usual, kindness coming from some emotional attachment he knows not what to make of. Emotional attachment has never gone well for him, chosen or otherwise, let alone the attachments he got no say in. One did not say no to the  ilharess. And  yet-  There is emotional attachment here, he knows it. Not just Tesythe’s strange care for him, more care than any master but the  ilharess  ever had and more genuine than the  ilharess  ever was. To her, he had only ever been a thing, a tool, a means to an end. To Tesythe… in some way, apparently he matters. She cares enough to want to see him well, to be concerned but never so much she’ll force him to do something he doesn’t want.He does not entirely know what to make of these emotions, soft as an unprotected underbelly, gentle in the way of a poisoner with their soon-to-be-dead victim, careful as an assassin with their knives; he does not recognise them, cannot name them. But there is that softness to her eyes when she looks at him now, a gentleness, a sense of care that makes him feel like a bruise all over - hurt but with hope of healing.Tender. That’s the word in Common. It’s so much more than he ever thought he might receive from anyone. So much more than he ever thought he might  feel  for anyone. It had never been safe enough to permit such a vulnerability.“They scared you,” Tes says gently. “Didn’t they?”He doesn’t nod. He suspects his expression says it all anyway and Tesythe jerks her chin in a nod, jaw set. “You didn’t show it,” she says. “For them to have scared you that much and you not show it at all - that’s incredible, Velkyn.”It’s praise he hardly feels worthy of, not with the lingering fear still chasing at his thoughts, and he shrugs.“What other option was there?” he says. “If they had realised you were surface-dwellers, if they realised you were not drow, if they saw I was afraid. They would have attacked.” He risks a glance at her. “I was not about to put you in worse danger than we already all were in.”“You could have,” she says gently. “If you wanted to go home.”She doesn’t say it as though she expects betrayal. She says it as though it’s obvious that anyone might want to return home.“I don’t-” he says. Stutters. “I don’t want to go home.”He doesn’t know how to read Tesythe’s expression now. It doesn’t light up but there’s a hope to it, a warmth, something close to relief.“I’ll talk to Lettie,” she says. “But I think she’ll let you stay with us, if you want.”He  does  want that. Wants this familiarity and strange comfort, the clearer knowledge of where he stands for all he knows that part of it must come from the same place as his obedience to overseers and guard captains, to  ilharess  Baenre no matter his own feelings. But these people are so much kinder than they ever were and he nods. 

There are no further incidents. No more dangerous encounters. Tesythe speaks to Cevelette and thinks she shouldn’t be half as surprised as she is when the tiefling agrees to Velkyn staying on without a single ounce of fuss and they make their way back to the surface at a steady and comfortable pace. Velkyn gets antsier as they near the surface - she’s not sure if it’s fear of the unknown, uncertainty of his decision, or something else. Sometimes he stays close to her side but he’s taken to wandering a little more now Cevelette’s confirmed his place with them - he rides beside Isalanthe and Atles as much as he does her and takes to throwing meal scraps to Xyra, much to Imeloch’s consternation and Isalanthe’s amusement. “Come on, brother,” Isie says, shouldering him. “He’s saved all our lives now.”Imeloch sticks his tongue out, shoulders his sister and starts throwing meal scraps to Xyra as well.It’s easier going as they near the surface - this is one of Cevelette’s common routes, an access tunnel to the surface that’s well known and well guarded and so well used that most of the dangers have been killed off over the years, shrieking fungus pruned back with fire before it can even get close.When they step out into fresh air, though, the smell of damp leaves and woodsmoke in the air, sunlight just barely warming at this time of day, it’s a delight.  

“They don’t like him,” Isie says, when they’re finally let through the checks and out onto the streets. The outpost checks are thorough and the presence of a drow, while not unheard of, makes them antsy. Every one of the stationed guards is staring at Velkyn. For his part, Velkyn is staying close to Tesythe, two paces behind her to the right, his hand occasionally reaching to hers as though asking for reassurance, blinking in the light of even an overcast day. They’re going to have to get him a hat, she thinks. “They don’t have to,” she says. “He’s not their business.”“He is,” Cevelette says. “He is a drow coming up from below. Even if it is in our company they will want to know why - if he is a slave or a prisoner or a mercenary. For all they know, he could be a spy.”“I do not-” Common is still awkward for Velkyn but he is better by far than he was before. “I do not want to go below again. It is- it is too bright here but below was-” He cuts himself off, does not shudder, but the look on his face says it all. “I would rather stay with you.”“You can,” Tesythe says. “Lettie already agreed.”“I did,” Cevelette agrees. “But that will not stop the guards worrying. At least until we move on.”With that she claps them both on the shoulder and follows where Atles and the twins are heading onward, already at the open door of the White Rose.Inside is not quite as busy as normal but then, by Tes’ estimate it’s late morning - early enough that business isn’t yet at its peak - and the few patrons around spare them fleeting glances but for Velkyn, who gets second glances and thirds.Atles tugs Velkyn to one side, has the others pass their packs off onto them both as they stand in a corner, as clearly harmless as possible as Imie and Isie find a seat and start playing with Xyra and Tes and Cevelette head for the bar. Malthas, at least, is a known quantity and they’re almost through all of the usual particulars - any interesting stories, if it’s the usual rooms or if they need to take different ones, before anything of particular note happens. “What’s goin’ on with him?” Malthas asks, nodding towards Velkyn. “You know we don’t like drow up here. Never any good.”“He’s with us,” Cevelette says. “And he’ll behave.”“Really.” “We captured him,” Cevelette says. “To be specific, Tes beat the tar out of him and after he stopped fighting back he decided he liked her enough to listen.”“So, what, he’s your prisoner?” Malthas says, frowning. “Slave? How do you know he won’t escape or run off and cause trouble?”“Neither,” Cevelette says. “Anymore. He’s a co-worker.”Malthas looks sceptical and Cevelette sighs before sliding another gold across the bar to add to the stack of coin already handed over for bed and board. “You want an extra room for him?”“He can stay with me,” Tes says. “You know he always does.”Malthas raises a very expressive eyebrow. Tesythe offers back her most deadpan stare, Cevelette sighs and waves a clawed hand between them until they both blink. “He’ll stay with us and behave,” she says. “He’s not going to cause trouble.”“Same suite as usual then?” Malthas asks. “Twin room for you and Atles, that small common area for the twins to Trance in, attached single for Tesythe and her pet.”Tesythe pulls a face but Cevelette nods. “Fine,” Malthas says. “Just-” He glances over to where Velkyn stands by Atles, heavy packs slung over his shoulders as the two talk quietly and awkwardly. Atles’ Elvish is extremely old and rusty; Velkyn’s Common still stilted despite his efforts. “Make sure he doesn’t go walkabout on his own, all right? You know what people around here will think.”“We’ll make sure nothing bad happens that can get traced back here,” Cevelette says, holding out a hand. “Malthas, you’d think we’d never been here before how nervous you’re acting about this. We know.”At that, Malthas chuckles, craggy old face breaking into a smile, and he hands over the keys for their usual rooms. “Clear off,” he says. “But really. If you want your boy to stay safe, have him keep company with one of you.” 

The Rose is a familiar space for them; they make their ways upstairs and to their usual set of rooms without issue. Velkyn follows behind them all, glancing around at their surroundings as they go. Their usual rooms are claimed, everyone taking bags from Atles and Velkyn as they get settled in, Velkyn following Tesythe without much else to do. It’d concern Cevelette but that she understands altogether too well why he acts like that.She sets her pack down, starts fishing through it. Most of the gold they’ve doled out already and everyone but for Velkyn has a fair share of what they could drag out of the damned dragons hoard but there’s one pouch she’s set aside that hasn’t been handed off yet.When she sets it down in front of Velkyn, he stares at her.“You worked with us,” she says. “From the dragon on. So you get pay, just like anyone else.”He looks uncertain and she leaves him to it, settling instead on her bed to sort through her ledgers. The others, she knows, will filter downstairs; she’s no idea about Velkyn but she hopes not - she needs to talk to him properly, at least once Tesythe is gone, ideally once everyone is. So she settles on her bed, ledger on her pillow and pen in her hand, and tunes out the world for a while.She’s brought back to the world by Atles’ familiar knock on the doorjamb.“You going to join us, Lettie?” Atles is smiling as he pokes his head through the door. “Velkyn’s staying put because he doesn’t think it’s smart for him to go walkabout if the guards don’t like him but Isie wants to talk to one of the girls over at Meredyth’s and Imeloch says he saw an old friend at the bar. The rest of us were heading down to join him.”Well, this is as good an opportunity as any. “I’ll stay,” she says. “I think Velkyn might need company.”Atles’ smile dims a little and he steps inside, pushing the door too behind him. “He wants Tes’,” he says quietly. “You know he feels safer with her.”“Yes,” she says. “But that’s not all there is to it. You remember what I was like when your aunt found me.”“A  healfing  wreck, is what,” Atles says before turning serious. “Yeah, I remember. Took you a while to sort your head out on if you actually liked her or if it was just the fact that she didn’t hurt you.”“It took me six months to call her mother and I was younger than Velkyn and at least knew that kindness could be genuine sometimes. He’s much worse off than I was.” She sighs, stands, dusts her hands off. “I’m going to have a chat with him. Just to see where he’s at.”That’s a lie, she knows exactly where he’s at. If anything the past week has only crystalised it for her. “Gonna try to convince him one way or the other?” he asks. “No.”  She digs clawed nails into her palms. “No. He needs to be allowed his own choice in this, just as I was, you know that.”Atles tilts his head back to look at her and sighs. “Yeah. Yeah, I know. All right, I’ll tell the others you’re staying put for now.”He leaves without another word, shutting the door too and leaving her to her thoughts. It’s not long after she hears the calls of the others as they move to head downstairs, the firm  thunk  of the door shutting behind them and it’s only then that she fishes through her pack for what she wants and heads into the main room.Velkyn is sitting on a stool by the hearth, a book of Eilistraeean scripture in his hands.“Going to read that?” she asks.He startles, looking up at her with wide eyes. “P-perhaps,” he says. “But I am even worse at reading Elvish than I am speaking it.” He rises from his seat, sets the book on one of the shelves. He doesn’t say anything more, though. Well, there’s nothing for it really, is there?“Here,” she says, voice gentle. In her hand is something she’d found in the dragon’s hoard, something she’d found and hidden before the others could see. He blinks at it. “It’s a Hat of Disguise,” she says. “Attune to it, disguise yourself, go walkabout. Your Elvish is good enough people won’t wonder too much about you if you wear an elvish face to talk to them and most here can speak it about as well as you do.”He blinks again, at the hat in her hand, at her face, his expression clearly uncertain. She sighs and turns to Undercommon. Best he can understand her at the  very  least.“Velkyn,” she says gently. “You’ve been acting uncertain for a while now. I don’t think you’re a danger to us or I’d not have let Tesythe let you go unbound and I’d certainly not have let you walk free with us to the surface if I thought you planned to act as a spy or hurt us or betray us. But  something  is bothering you and my best guess is that it’s whatever thing you have going on with Tes, correct?”He blinks, swallows.  Speaks, thank Mystra. “There is nothing going on with Tes,” he says. “That is- no. I do not-”She lifts her hands placatingly, fingers spread to show no spell. “I’m not saying that there is,” she says. “But you are uncertain and your uncertainty stems primarily from your relationship with Tes, whatever it’s nature. If I had to guess, it’s at least in part because we captured you, yes?”His jaw sets, his eyes nothing close to the strange softness as when he looks at Tes. Instead they’re hard, like chips of pale jade. “I was captured too, once,” she says, gentle. His eyes narrow. “I am a  tiefling,  Velkyn - do you think I have been kindly treated all my life? I know better than most what you’ll face living openly at the surface.” His set jaw relaxes at that, eyes returning to the ground. “I was captured too, once. You know what makes tieflings. You know the rumours of my kind. We’re often raised to evil, expected to turn to it and that was my childhood. But I was captured and, after a while, my captors treated me kindly. It is very hard to judge, then, whether whatever relationship you build with them is real - when they defeated you, captured you, can punish you if you misbehave. How can you judge if your behaviour around them is real, or just your own attempts to avoid being hurt?”She reaches gently to take his hands, careful with her claws so they don’t catch his skin as she presses the hat into his grip. “You’re free, here. You’ve got money for the time you spent actively helping us, you have your things again. With this, you could run off and go your own way, if that is what you want. If that is what you need.” She lets go of his hands. He doesn’t let go of the hat. “Or, if you want, you can just wander for a little while. Find another bar to drink at. Find the local brothel, if you wanted. Just go for a walk and get some fresh air - I don’t think the night sky will be as painful for you as the day if you want to stay out for a while. Take time to think and wonder on your own and to decide what you want and how things stand. If whatever you’ve built with Tesythe is real or not.”She steps back, hands lifted, fingers spread. No spell. Simple placation. He stares at her, uncertain.“You can stay here, if you want. Read Eilistraeean scripture or polish your weapons or check your components. Start remaking your spellbook, if you wanted. But if you want to go for a walk, get some air and some space to think - you can. None of us are going to stop you.”He looks at the hat in his hands. “If I use this,” he says. “They will not know to stop me.”“I know,” she says. “That’s the point. You’re  free.” He has nothing to say that, nothing at all, and she turns to head for the door.“Cevelette?” he asks. When she glances back he’s still stood in the middle of the room, uncertain. “You- what did you decide?”She smiles with genuine warmth. “That I preferred kindness to cruelty,” she says. “Now go on. Have some time to yourself.” 

The door shuts behind her. Velkyn turns the hat over in his hands - he doesn’t need all his magical skill to feel the enchantments on it - it’s as she said, a Hat of Disguise.Whatever else Cevelette may be - strange at times and always intimidating, the one to whom the others all turn for advice and the one they all obey, even Tesythe - he doesn’t think she is malicious. She has been a tacit ally from the first, when she gave him into Tesythe’s care. He sits down with the hat in his lap and attunes to it. When, twenty-five minutes later, he leaves the room, he wears an elven face, closer in skin tone to Tesythe than the elf twins, hair closer to Atles’ straw-gold than the twins copper but within the ranges for elves, given what elves he’s seen here and those few dragged down as slaves to Menzoberranzan.When he passes the others at the bar, they don’t even blink at him. Not even Cevelette. He doesn’t know what to feel about that.It’s still bright out. If anything it’s brighter and he pulls the hat down against the glare, shading his eyes. He’d spotted a stand of trees a little way away, strange surface things he’s heard of but never had a chance to see in person and he heads for them, sticking, where he can, to the shade. When he reaches the trees, he thinks he sees why surface elves are said to love them so much. He doesn’t entirely know why Cevelette advised this. Why she would offer it to him - a chance to run. He is a slave and has been so all his life; even when  ilharess  Baenre raised his rank he was still a  slave,  even when they captured him and inserted him into a new rank structure he was still at the bottom. He sits at the base of a tree, tilts his head back against bark of a texture that almost reminds him of the stone below, and he thinks. Cevelette Brinor has said that he is free. Has  paid  him. This should be simple - he has chosen to stay with these surface folk, to stay with Tesythe who makes him feel safe, who has been kinder to him than any other master he has ever served. These people who, for all Imeloch’s early dislike of him, have at least been consistent in what behaviour garners punishment and what doesn’t. They are not cruel for no reason; indeed, they are  kind  for far less.And yet, he knows it is not this simple. That part of this desire to stay is his own desire to be safe; the same reason he obeyed the overseer and the guard captain, why he did as  ilharess  Baenre wanted no matter his own feelings. If one wanted to survive, one did as one was told, was only creative and independent when given clear license to be. He came up from the bottom - he knows well what every layer above expects. He knows how to play to that, how to do as told regardless of his own will and he has obeyed Tesythe because doing so keeps him safe and fed and well. Because obeying brings trust and trust brings freedoms.It is easy to work within that system, to obey because there is no other choice, to serve in honesty because doing so makes you essential and being essential gives you special, useful treatment. But it is not entirely that, either. If it were only that it would be easier to leave or to stay, to decide he wanted to stay within that safety or to leave and make his own way, without any master. This is not just relief at a lack of beating, this is not simply loyalty because there is no one else to be loyal too. This is not doing as told in the hope of gaining trust to use, this is not even obedience in fear of what happens if he should disobey - Tes has allowed him to push back, has listened when he has dodged around things, when he has asked to discuss later, when he has simply not spoken at all. He has disobeyed and seen no punishment, because what he did has helped.They’ve allowed him freedoms from very early on, in truth. Were it anyone else, were they  drow  he’d have suspected it a power play, a show that it matters not what freedoms he has because they hold the power. But never so with them. They gave him certain freedoms - reliable meals, healing for his hands, a blanket to kneel to Trance on - simply because it didn’t occur to them that those things should or could be denied.Cevelette is not wrong. There is something that has bothered him, something he has tucked to one side because below was not the place to have any kind of crisis.This path he has chosen, he has chosen because Tesythe is kind. And yet: Tesythe has always been in a position to be kind. Has been brutal when need be, yes - when she has decided she need be - but she has always had the power, has been able to choose when and how to be kind and if that is the case, is it truly kindness? Is it kindness she has shown, or is it simply generosity? Simply an attempt to win him over because, while she had the power, she could do that.He does not think so - not intentionally, not Tesythe. But does that change a thing, in the end, if his attachment to her has come because of that kindness that she was in a position to give when she chose. She has hardly denied him kindness, yes, as long as he has behaved but that is it, isn’t it? She was kind so he behaved so she was kind and so he continued to behave. Or - he behaved and so she was kind and so he continued to behave and she has continued to be kind. Is this his choice, or is it the one which makes sense, because then he will still be shown kindness?But no. He has disobeyed. He has acted first. He has placed Tesythe’s hand between his teeth because he knew no better way to convey trust than to have the opportunity to bite and to refrain. She has still shown kindness.Cevelette has offered him the means to run away. He doesn’t know if she expects him to - her answer to his question didn’t tell him what she did. Only that she preferred kindness to cruelty. Is it cruel to stay with these people, for them to think him free and unafraid when he is still so uncertain? Or is it kindness to seek what he has come to know and find a comfort? Or, would it be cruel to leave, or would it be kinder to leave them rather than forever second guess them?To second guess is all he’s really known. To second guess is what he’s had to do with everyone, from overseer to  ilharess. But not Tesythe.Perhaps that would be the cruelty. To second guess her when, from the start, she has only ever been honest. When she has stated her intentions clearly every time and never hidden what she means. In which case, kindness would be to trust. To trust Tesythe’s own kindness, to trust Isalanthe’s humour and Imeloch’s scowls and Atles’ stilted attempt at friendship, to trust Cevelette Brinor who has said that he is free. And if he is to trust these people then… he is free. He can choose for himself, not try to balance whatever expectations they may or may not have for him but choose, instead, what he wants. And Velkyn chooses to return to the others. 

When he sits down beside Tesythe, removes the hat and startles her to jumping, startles laughs from the twins, a half-hacked cackle from Atles, it feels like Tesythe’s smiles - it feels almost warm. 

Caleb stared up at the stonework building before him and tried to remember the sight of sunshine. It had been more than a month since he had been able to escape his duties and travel to somewhere that wasn't under constant cover of night. Between endless war meetings and his own experiments—perhaps not quite as endless, but he always seemed to lose himself in them—the very idea of leaving Rosohna for sunnier climes had escaped him.

Not to mention, too, the amount of security and forethought his jaunts always required. Before, in the early days, he had had to take along two bodyguards, both to keep him safe and ensure he wasn't playing double agent with the Empire after his perilous escape. Now he was one of the most entrusted officials on the Bright Queen's council, and all the concern about his movements was his own. Absently he pressed a hand to his chest, just above the heart, where his amulet sat heavy and solid against his skin. It had been a point of contention with the Dynasty in those early days too, that he couldn't be scryed upon. But those complaints had dwindled quickly when he had elucidated on what the Empire was capable of, and who was potentially chasing him.

All this came to Caleb in a flood, and he felt askance at the fact that the slightest hint of Empire aesthetics could awaken this degree of nostalgia in him. He didn't do anything as undignified as shake his head to clear his thoughts, but he did feel unusually glad to be rid of them as he heard the footsteps of an approaching person behind him. Turning to see who it was, Caleb dipped his head politely at the figure of Lord Biylan while he approached, coming to a stop beside Caleb and looking up at the enormous tree and its accompanying lights. Above them, the lavender glow of the Dancing Lights bobbed in and out of the towering tree's branches, where the firbolg and tiefling were bustling about. Caleb braced himself, already stowing his darkvision glasses as he turned to face Lord Biylan.

"Are they yours, then?" Biylan asked, nodding towards the dual clerics, and Caleb had been expecting the question—or, at least, something similar—but it still rankled.

"They are under the care of Den Thelyss, yes," Caleb replied flatly. When Biylan tipped his head to give Caleb a look, he relented. "Only one is Empire. The human. The others are coastal, I believe. Another is from the Wastes, actually."

"Staying long, are they?" Biylan continued, and Caleb wondered if he would have acquiesced so willingly to his role as overseer of the Mighty Nein if he had known it came with having to explain their very existence to prying neigbours.

"It is the Bright Queen's wish that they be welcomed here as long as they intend to stay." Caleb rattled off. And then, because he had grown to like Biylan over the years, in a distant kind of way, added, "They are adventurers, though. So they'll likely be gone much of the time."

"The tree will stay, though?" Biylan squinted up at the offending plant.

"You're more than welcome to lodge a complaint with the Aurora's Watch," Caleb assured him. "If it's too bright or disruptive."

"Hm," Biylan turned to Caleb fully now, likely more because of eyestrain than anything else. "And is what they say true, then?"

"What who says?" Caleb asked, and found that a decade of politicking had surely prepared him for the inflection of curiousity that he wove through his words.

"That the drow is really him," Biylan looked genuinely curious. "Essek of No Den."

Caleb hesitated for only a second. He had prepared himself for this moment ever since Essek had stepped into the Bright Queen's throne room and pulled a Beacon from a bloodied haversack. The news of his triumphant return had been kept from the population as much as possible, but Biylan was well-connected and one of the largest gossips that Caleb knew. If he confirmed the drow's belief, the news would surely spread like wildfire, and the Nein would have to react accordingly.

"The prodigal son has, indeed, returned," Caleb replied, ensuring he pitched his voice low, in a hushed whisper. He narrowed his eyes. "But be sure not to share that around. I'm not sure how the rest of my Den would react."

"Of course," Biylan dipped his head briskly, eyes wide and shining, and Caleb only just suppressed a smile. Let Essek of No Den deal with the inevitable fallout, and let Rosohna react honestly to his return. "Is that them now, then?"

Caleb turned and saw, indeed, the small crowd of ragtag adventurers that had wormed their way so effortlessly into Caleb's every move. The barbarian was at the front, speaking in low tones to the goblin at her side, while the rest seemed clustered roughly behind the pair. Immediately, and without conscious thought, Caleb's eyes sought out Essek, finding only the edges of him behind Yasha. Caleb watched them for a beat longer than was proper before turning back to Biylan. The drow had seemingly thrown decency to the wind, and was openly gawping at the sight of the adventurers. Caleb coughed politely. "Lord Biylan, I must speak with the Mighty Nein before they retire, if you do not mind continuing on with your day. I'm sure you have more to do than converse with me."

Biylan looked back at Caleb. "I suppose. Is Essek also staying in this house with the others? Or will he be returning to the Umavi?"

"That is something you would do best to ask him, I'm afraid," Caleb replied easily, though he was growing increasingly impatient at being caught gossiping in front of the Mighty Nein's abode. "Another time, though."

"Yes," Biylan had a thoughtful glint in his eye. "We are neighbours, after all."

"Indeed," Caleb finished firmly, and watched Biylan until the drow inclined his head with a murmured, "Light be with you," that Caleb returned. Biylan returned to his own home, and as he closed his front door, Caleb pivoted back and came face to face with the Mighty Nein.

"Ah," he said, plastering on a bright smile. "Hello. I hope you're all well. I wished to check in with you and ensure you found your accommodations adequate."

It was the Empire human who shouldered her way to the front, stepping in front of the others with a swagger that Caleb didn't quite envy, but that he thought would certainly have made his life just a bit easier, all told. Beauregard gave him a once-over, and Caleb bristled internally at how her gaze always seemed to scan him and come up wanting. "Yeah, they're good. Thanks."

"We appreciate all that you've done," the half-orc cut in, and Caleb turned towards Fjord, allowing his gaze to flick back to the half-obscured form of Essek behind Yasha.

"Of course," Caleb said evenly, looking back at Fjord. "Den Thelyss wished to thank you directly with what we have. It is paltry, perhaps, but your welcome is important to us. We are invested in our allies, and wouldn't want to see you kept in an inn for the duration of your time in Rosohna."

"We mostly stay at inns," Beauregard cut in.

Caleb dipped his head in acknowledgement, returning her gaze with as much intensity. "Of course. I meant no slight against your way of life, simply that having a house—I would not presume to call it home on your behalf—is kinder than the anonymity of an inn. Respite is respite, but one is surely better than the other?"

"You need not die on this hill, Beauregard." From behind Yasha still, Essek lifted his hand as if to press at Beauregard's shoulder, but drew it back quickly and folded it across his chest, quieting once more.

Beauregard's eyes never left Caleb's. "And where's your home, then?"

"Rosohna," Caleb replied, ironclad. It had taken years for him to say that with ease, often stumbling over an explanation of himself as Zemnian, or having been Empire-raised. That was before he had realised what others were truly asking when they scanned his form and bit out the question. And so he held his head high now, and spoke the words without hesitation. "With Den Thelyss, where I was always meant to be."

"But from the Empire originally, right?" Beauregard continued her appraisal.

Caleb felt his jaw clench. "I am from here. I serve my people here, and where I was born has no bearing on either of those facts."

"Beauregard," this time Essek did step forward, and Caleb watched as Beauregard stood down, moving back and rescinding her place to the drow as he took hers. He made to move past Caleb, but stopped just shy of passing him. "We will not bother you any longer, Shadowhand."

"It is no bother," Caleb had grown used to such questions, though perhaps not from Empire-born humans.

Essek smiled then, and in the back of Caleb's mind, in a part long hidden away and kept from himself, he realised that the drow was handsome when he smiled. And when he didn't, but that was perhaps stepping too far. He straightened in place, fixing Caleb with a brightness that felt a touch too obvious. "Actually, a question for you."

"Of course. I am at your disposal."

"Perfect," Essek's eyes shone. "Now that we are settled and planning to stay for some time, I wished to do some more reading and learning of my own. Specifically, I wanted to learn more of Empire magic, and that form of casting."

"You haven't learned Empire magic in your travels?" Caleb frowned, giving their group an obvious once-over.

"Unfortunately, everything I have learned is self-taught." Essek said the words so casually, but seemed to be aware of how impressive they were, the glint of his eyes shining brighter as he spoke. "I've found or purchased a few paltry scrolls here and there from the Empire, but the theory is missing. And I wondered if you could help me to fill in those gaps."

"Why me?" Caleb tried not to let that same thread of iron wind its way into his voice, but he couldn't help the way his hackles rose at the question.

Essek sobered, bright eyes turning open and honest. Caleb knew it to be a ruse, but let himself be drawn in regardless. It would be more interesting to learn what the drow wanted than to turn him away so quickly. "I do not mean offense, but you are human. We do not have many humans in Rosohna, and your accent betrays where you grew up. I can imagine that such a skilled arcane practitioner as yourself would have, at the very least, learned the groundwork of such magics in their youth."

Caleb noted the 'we' in Essek's words and wondered if it was intentional. His violet eyes were still wide and clear, waiting for Caleb's answer. "I did, yes. And that is what you wish? To learn the rudimentary elements of Empire magic?"

"To learn the building blocks of whatever field you grew up on," Essek smiled again, and had Caleb seen the sun recently, perhaps he would have compared the two. "Whatever that discipline may be."

"Hm," he felt strangely caught off-guard, unsure what to make of the request. It wasn't disallowed, nor was it all that strange or monumental. He wondered at the reason behind it. "I'll have to think on this. I apologize that I cannot give you a better answer, but my skills in that discipline are rusty. I am much more practiced in dunamancy."

"As am I," Essek's smile held as he looked over his shoulder at the rest of the group. "Well, shall we? I'm famished."

Caleb took a step back to let the group pass, and they filed into the house, chattering to each other in their strange, eclectic accents. Only Essek stayed, briefly turning to look back at Caleb. "My thanks again, Shadowhand."

"You may call me Caleb, if you wish."

"I could." Essek watched him for a moment, and he seemed truly unguarded for a brief second, the slightest of frowns marring his face as he spoke, his voice sharper than it had been. "But we have our titles for a reason."

Essek nodded once, curtly, and then turned and followed his friends into the house, the door shutting behind them with a thump. Caleb turned to make his way out of the district, and couldn't help but feel that he had missed something.

Essek was, Caleb was finding quickly, nothing if not tenacious. Not even a day had passed before the drow caught him alone again. The Nein had only just spoken to the Bright Queen, and Caleb was feeling at odds by the mention of scourgers, his mind a whirl of shifting battle plans and repressed history that was coming back with a vengeance.

He stepped into one of the many adjoining antechambers off to the side of the throne room, closing the door absently behind him as he slowly decompressed in the empty room. It was usually used as the less formal waiting room for attendees to court, windowless and barren of furniture as it was. And for Caleb's purposes, it would certainly do. He pressed a hand to the wall, allowing himself to stare into the middle distance for a brief countdown as he slowly unwound.

He thought he heard the sound of someone at the door, and forced himself to ignore it. Images of Astrid and Eadwulf sparked through his mind, clear even years later.

Sieben, sechs, fünf...

Behind him, the Arcane Lock was dispelled, and Caleb felt himself tense even while his mind still raced with images of flickering flame extinguished by shadow.

Viere, drei, zwei...

The door closed softly behind the person, and Caleb allowed himself to drift back to those same words that had carried him through so much. No more lost children. No more left behind on either side.

He turned around, and saw Essek of No Den standing before him, looking thoughtful. There was a beat where Caleb was sure he wasn't wearing the face of the Shadowhand, a second of slippage that went on far longer than he would have wanted. In a fit of petulance, he wanted to let Essek see that culminating hatred in his eyes, the same one that had crystallized into the drive that forced him to ever keep his eyes on the light at the end of the tunnel. But then it was over and he straightened in place, pulling his arm from the wall. "Yes?"

"I—" Essek hesitated, and Caleb thought he saw a crack in the drow's expression as well. Good. It replaced them on equal footing. Essek looked down and when he looked back up, he was smiling evenly, sheepishly. Caleb ignored the look for the falsehood he knew it to be. "I apologize. In all honesty, I assumed this room would be unoccupied after such a meeting. I knew of it from years back, and wished to take a moment to collect my thoughts. I see we had the same idea."

"I was looking for privacy to Send a message to one of my colleagues," Caleb replied, raising an impetuous eyebrow at Essek. "I merely needed a moment to sort out what to say in so few words."

"Ah," Essek's smile split into a wide, private grin. "Yes, I know a little of what you speak of."

"I digress," he glanced about the empty space. "It has not changed."

"An antechamber alongside the throne room?" Caleb couldn't help the skepticism that crept into his voice.

Essek laughed. "No! Well," he looked back at Caleb. "Yes. But I mean more the Dynasty."

Caleb said nothing, watching Essek as the drow cast his eyes about the room, strangely fixated on the moulding that decorated the room's corners. "I know you believe you have joined the side of good in this war of attrition, but you will forgive me if my past leaves me not as convinced."

Caleb remained silent, and did not say that Essek was presuming much of him. He absolutely did not add that he did not believe he was on the side of good, and certainly didn't even think to himself that what he believed was good would have been far from this place and its cover of dark sky, where the sun was secondary to a thousand smaller stars.

Essek, seeming to recognize that Caleb wasn't about to speak, pressed on. He looked back at Caleb. "I wanted to apologize, now that I've caught you. For yesterday."

"Yes." There was that smile again. "It was presumptuous of me to ask you for teaching. I assume you do some already at the Marble Tomes, and I can't expect such an education when I am not a student."

Caleb frowned, watching Essek carefully. He seemed genuine, even shy as he spoke, which threw Caleb even more. "You must know that they would not let me teach."

Essek blinked, his brow furrowing ever so slightly at Caleb's words. The smile slipped, dipping briefly into a tight anger that he hid just as fast. "Ah. Of course. How utopian of me to believe otherwise."

"It leaves me with more time for my own research," Caleb replied stiffly.

Essek tipped his head in wry acknowledgement. "You need not defend the Dynasty here, though your steadfast nationalism does you well. I apologize for overstepping again. I meant to say only that I truly do not expect more from you than basics. I think I can extrapolate and build from them, but alas, I must learn them first."

"So you wish to make a teacher of me regardless."

Essek grinned. "Something like that."

Caleb shook his head. "I must say then, while it is in my nature to work in shadows and deception, I was not being purposely evasive yesterday. It truly has been over a decade since I worked with such magics, and I have since grown and changed my own perception of them. So. Teaching the basics may be more difficult than you anticipate for me."

"I appreciate the candor." Essek shifted, leaning back against the wall and appraising Caleb thoughtfully. Caleb found that he was growing sick of these strange people always staring at him as if under a glass. Essek continued. "I admit, I thought the worst of you. Our kind, ah. We are a private people. Not overly good at sharing magic."

"Well," Caleb began thoughtfully. "I cannot always fault them. But we digress. In this matter I assure you I will do my utmost to be straight with you if I can help or not."

"Oh?" Essek dragged his eyes languidly over Caleb once more, meeting his eyes. "Are you straight with most people?"

Caleb narrowed his eyes. "Rarely."

And Essek had the gall to laugh at that, pushing up off the wall and making for the door. He pulled it open easily, casting a look over his shoulder. "We'll be back soon. In the meantime, think on this. I maintain that you'd make an excellent teacher, and the Dynasty is foolish to not recognize it."

He closed the door as he left, a small blessing, though he neglected to lock it. After, Caleb allowed himself a whole minute more before he straightened, adjusted his mantle, and stepped back into the throne room.

When they returned, it was without Yasha.

Caleb heard the news from Uraya, who alerted him when the Nein had arrived. They hovered in his doorway as he adjusted his mantle, looking uncharacteristically hesitant. He didn't look up when he addressed them. "Yes?"

"The, hm, the Mighty Nein also seem to be missing one of their number."

"Oh?" Caleb glanced up at that, interest piqued.

"The Xhorhassian." For a moment, Caleb could have sworn his breath stopped. "The barbarian woman. From the Wastes."

"Ah," he straightened, trying not to look as unsettled as he was. "Any word on her whereabouts?"

"Last seen in Bazzoxan with the rest," Uraya shook their head.

"Very well," Caleb nodded brusquely, a sign that they could leave. They did with a quick bow, and Caleb reached back, smoothing at his low ponytail, tied back as it always was in that same deep purple ribbon. And then he stepped from his offices and made for the Mighty Nein's abode.

The trek felt longer than it actually was, and more than once he nervously slipped into an alley to pluck the large tome from his Wristpocket, if only to ensure that it was still there, still safe. When he arrived at their mansion, he felt something kick in the centre of his chest as he remembered that the light their newly-decorated home shed was just bright enough that he didn't have to wear his glasses. It was strange, to see the Rosohna streets in colour, and he cast his eyes about the area in wonder before settling back into the familiarity of his Shadowhand persona and stepping up to the door.

It chimed gently as it opened, and he saw Beauregard. She looked hale but harrowed, her face paler than usual and lined with exhaustion. She was often unguarded in her expressiveness, but now seemed moreso as her face crumpled when she realised who was at the door, frowning powerfully at him. "Oh. It's you."

"Yes," Caleb hesitated, and wondered what might be considered overstepping. "I heard about your loss and thought I might come to check in."

"Really?" Beauregard narrowed her eyes. "How did you hear about Yasha?"

"Ah, Uraya. My second, they informed me."

"So you weren't like, scrying when she was taken or something?" Beauregard's eyes were flint.

"No," Caleb paused, and said as honestly as he could, "Otherwise I would have tried to do something."

"Uh huh." Beauregard didn't move for a long moment, appraising Caleb yet again. Then, almost unexpectedly, she stepped back and waved her hand behind her. "You wanna come in?"

"Thank you," Caleb stepped inside as Beauregard slammed the door behind him.

She moved toward the stairs, bellowing, "Yo, Caleb's here!" Then, glancing behind her at Caleb, she frowned and corrected herself. "The Shadow—! ...Whatever."

Caleb hovered awkwardly in the doorway as Beauregard made to descend into the basement. She had gotten halfway before she looked back up at him, face still pinched. "Essek'll probably be around. See you."

And then she was gone, and Caleb had just enough time to wonder if this was such a good idea, feeling weighed down by the heaviness of the emotion in the house, when he saw Fjord descending the stairs. The half-orc cast a quick glance about the space and, when he realized Beauregard had left, stepped past Caleb with a polite smile. "Here, the dining room is more comfortable."

Caleb didn't mention that he knew this mansion and had personally attended to its decoration, instead following the half-orc into the next room where Fjord dropped into a seat across the table from Caleb. He gestured to the seat opposite and Caleb sat hesitantly, watching the other man with caution. "How are you?"

"Ahh," Fjord shook his head. He glanced away from Caleb, upwards, to the other rooms. "Not as bad as some of the others."

"I can imagine," Caleb offered, though he wasn't entirely sure if he could.

Fjord eyed him, seeming to clock Caleb's show of empathy for the deception it was. "I mean no offense Shadowhand, but you seem a man of direct action. While I appreciate your stopping by, I'd wager that you might have other reasons for coming here?"

"Yes," he had been caught out, and didn't plan on hiding it. "I actually wished to speak with Essek, if he was available."

"Of course," Fjord muttered, half to himself. He gave Caleb a sheepish look. "I'm afraid between the two of them, Beau and Essek are, ah, the ones most affected by what happened."

"I can come back another time—" Caleb began, and Fjord waved his hand.

"No, no, I think he's fine, it's just," he frowned down at the deep purple of the table, looking suddenly world-weary. "He was really close with Yasha. I think that all this has hit a bit close to home." Fjord continued to stare at the table as he shook his head slowly. "He was alone for so long before us. And they were the Xhorhas kids, y'know?"

Before Caleb could quite answer, Fjord straightened and gave Caleb a wry smile. "Sorry, I'm being morbid. I'll grab Essek for you." And then he was standing, stepping around the table and pressing a quick, light touch to Caleb's shoulder as he passed by. Caleb tried not tense at the unexpected hand, but wasn't sure he entirely managed. The long wait as Fjord left him alone in their cozy dining room left him feeling almost itchy with discomfort, feelings of closeness and camaraderie that he hadn't felt in years bubbling up. He sighed, folding himself small within the thick dark robes of the Shadowhand, and rubbed absently at the small Luxon brooch that fastened them to his body.

Behind him, he heard the light thump of one set of feet and he turned, expecting Essek. Instead he saw both Essek and Fjord, straightening as he watched Essek float into the room, drifting forward at least a foot off the ground. Fjord entered first, stopping at the head of the table as Essek drifted around him, dropping with a soft whump into the seat across from Caleb. He looked up at Fjord expectantly, and the half-orc returned his look. "You good?"

"Yes, Fjord," Essek bit out sharply, then softened immediately, reaching out with an absentminded hand and pressing it lightly to the man's arm. "Sorry. Yes. Go on, I'll be fine."

Fjord waited a moment longer, but nodded sharply and gave Caleb a small wave before turning and heading back into the house. Caleb took the moment of silence to appraise Essek. His deep purple skin seemed sallow in the cool blue arcane fire of the sconces that illuminated the room, and he was dressed simply, in a deep purple tunic and close-fitting black trousers. Caleb desperately wanted to ask about the floating, which he had immediately clocked not as a Levitate spell, but some form of dunamancy, something that Caleb had never seen before. But then Essek let out a sharp, gusty breath and met his gaze. "You wished to speak?"

"Indeed." Caleb didn't think he needed to mince words, didn't think that Essek would want him to, and instead reached up to draw on his Wristpocket to pull forth the book within. He set it on the table heavily, and glanced up to watch as Essek read the title. His eyes went wide as his hand reached forward, though the gesture was quickly aborted and he folded his hands on the table, eyes still skimming the cover expectantly. Caleb allowed himself a small smile as he pushed Basic Transfiguration and Other Transmutative Arcana across the table and, after a moment of prodding, into Essek's waiting hands. "It's only a start. But I think if you get these principles down, it would provide enough of a foundation for me to teach you the rest of what you may need. For the field of transmutation, at least. I am afraid that I may not be a very, ah, skilled teacher in the other fields. Dunamancy excepted, of course."

Essek was shaking his head, still holding the book in wonder. "This means more than you know." He looked up at Caleb, eyes wide, a careful smile pulling at the corner of his mouth. "Truly. It is a treasured gift."

Caleb thought it best not to mention that it was less a gift than a loaner. That conversation could come later. "I'm sure that's true enough. I am not so hypocritical to ask for transparency in what it is you need transmutation for, but I told you I would be honest in this, and I can honestly say that it does no harm to me to teach you this."

Essek watched him carefully, violet eyes piercing Caleb's. He tried to keep his pleasant smile neutral as Essek spoke. "I said I was after Empire magic. Any field would do."

"Yes, but let's not pretend we have not researched the other," Caleb replied easily, and saw something flash in Essek's eyes. "I do not say that as a threat—you are smart enough to know it is simply the truth. I think you aren't lying when you said that any Empire magic would work but, and here I flatter myself, you did come to me. And I'm sure it would not take so much effort to know in which discipline my work began in."

"You're a suspicious bastard, you know that?" Essek said flatly, and Caleb laughed. After a brief moment Essek did too, and the two were left grinning at each other.

"I would hazard a guess that that makes two of us," Caleb hummed as Essek dropped an elbow to the table and rested his chin in hand, the tiredness seeping into his form.

"Perhaps," he admitted lazily. "But I have learned to let people in. The right people."

"No better vetting system than having to put your life in the hands of others, hm?"

"Something like that," Essek's eyes gleamed. "What about you? Care to descend your ivory tower and join us on the next outing? We are now down one member."

Caleb raised an eyebrow at that, and Essek just closed his eyes slowly, letting out a sigh. "Forgive me. We all deal differently, and you have caught me—us—at an odd time."

"For what it's worth," Caleb hesitated. "I am sorry for what happened."

"It isn't worth much," Essek said bluntly, but he shot Caleb a grim smile. "But I appreciate it. You have been nothing but kind to us, and I don't mean for my own prejudices to scare you off entirely. Perhaps next time you should look to speak with Caduceus, or Nott. Surely they would be kinder conversationalists than Beau or I."

"Ah,"  Caleb smiled. "But where's the fun in that?"

And Essek laughed again as Caleb sat back, allowing the afternoon to curl warm and tentative around them both.

"Shadowhand?" From within his bedroom, Caleb blinked awake, trying to keep his groan quiet enough that Rylla didn't hear it from just beyond the door. The one issue with climbing the ladder of drow society, he had found, was that elves, no matter how many times they were told, didn't realise that he required eight straight hours of sleep. Sometimes more. Rylla knocked on his door again, sounding concerned. "Shadowhand Thelyss?""Yes, Rylla, I will be out in one moment," Caleb called, and wasted an absurdly high level spell to drift his clothes from his closet to the foot of his bed. He wouldn't need to Teleport anywhere that day, and should he be accosted into a fight, he felt fairly certain that he could hold his own still. "What is wrong?"

"You have a visitor." Perfect. Caleb pushed back his covers and began to change right there in bed. "It is one of the Mighty Nein." A beat, and then: "The drow."

"Of course," Caleb muttered under his breath. He stood, pulling on his trousers and reaching for his shirt. It was the work of his excellent sense of time and the copious mornings he had done exactly this in an effort to attend a meeting scheduled far too early that he was able to get fully dressed in under two minutes. His formal regalia was quickly smoothed out under his own eyes before he allowed himself one single slow breath. He opened the door.

Rylla scanned him quickly as she stepped back, waving her hand down the hall. Caleb followed the gesture, Rylla falling into step beside him. "Your hair is a bit of a wreck," she admitted.

"Scheiße," Caleb hissed, not stopping. He reached up absently, a quick Prestidigitate smoothing out the tangles and letting his bird's nest settle into something normal. As they approached the door, he was still pulling it back with the ribbon he always kept tied at his wrist, to cover the edges of scars that his sleeves did not quite hide. Rylla watched the process nervously for a moment, but stepped ahead of Caleb, moving to the door and hovering.

"Alright," Caleb affirmed, hands dropping to his sides as his hair neatly fell down his back. Rylla scanned him once more, giving him a quick nod before she turned to pull open the door.

"Essek of No Den," she greeted in her flat servant's voice. It differed so readily from her usual fluctuating, nervous tones that Caleb had been alarmed for her vocal range that first time he had heard her slip into it.

"That's me," came the curt reply from beyond the door.

"The Shadowhand will see you now. Please do not make a habit of calling upon his personal abode without a prior appointment, in the future."

"My apologies," Essek replied as he stepped through the doorway, his voice sharp and pointed when he turned to take in Caleb. "I thought I was merely performing a social call. I had no idea the Shadowhand was so busy."

"That'll be all, Rylla," Caleb gave her a quick smile and she returned it, closing the door behind her and scurrying off to, no doubt, tell the rest of the household staff about his visitor. The only other person around would have been the cook, and Caleb couldn't imagine Taskine caring overly much about his visitors. The goblin could hardly be convinced to care about Caleb's own diet, always insisting that he ought to try rothé, and that it would put some meat on his bones. Caleb was still unsure if the cook had managed to slip some into his meals every once and a while, in spite of his assurances that it was inedible for humans, but was marginally more concerned with reflecting on how his entire house staff seemed not to respect his authority anymore. Perhaps something to work on.

Caleb realised that Essek was still standing silently in his entryway and winced internally. Outwardly, he gestured towards his sitting room. "Come, you needn't wait in the hall."

He made his way into the room ahead of Essek, trying to stifle a yawn as he settled into one of the plush chairs, arranged artfully in a U-shape for guests that he never entertained. It didn't bother him usually, but seeing Essek sit lightly in the middle of the couch, swallowed slightly by the size of it, gave him a twinge of embarrassment that he hated. Shows of such weakness were always the first steps in one's descent into failure and obscurity, and he had walked this tightrope for too long to fall now. "What can I do for you at this hour?"

Essek tipped his head in acknowledgment. "I apologize for how early it is. I was awake before my companions and thought they didn't need disturbing."

"And what was so pressing that you needed to meet with me now?" Caleb allowed himself to settle back in his chair, trying not to slump.

Essek leaned forward, pulling a familiar book from a Wristpocket that split the air beside him. He pushed it delicately across the low table set between them, gentle with it as he did so. Caleb looked down, briefly skimming it for evidence of any new marks or damage, and felt relief—though not surprise—when he spotted none. "How did you know where to find me?"

Essek narrowed his eyes slightly. "It has not been so long that I do not remember this address." He cast an eye about the space, and Caleb wondered if he was imagining the wistfulness written across his face. "Your Den must have been grateful to you when you reclaimed the title of Shadowhand. From Mirimm, if I am not mistaken?"

"If we are to talk Den politics, I would prefer to do so over a meal or a stiff drink," Caleb replied, halfway through rubbing at his eye before his dropped his hand. A bit of sleep had caught in the corner of his vision, but he willed himself to ignore it.

Essek laughed, without mirth. "Is it politics? I suppose everything I do in Rosohna must be. Should I take this time to apologize for the histrionics my appearance must have caused for you?"

"You? Apologizing for the display you made in court?" Caleb scoffed. "Perhaps I am still asleep."

Essek smiled, a look that shifted into something carefully genuine as he leaned back on the couch. "I really did not mean to wake you. I only wished to return your book and let you know I had finished it."

Caleb watched him, and his mind whirled. He chanced his next words. "If you wanted to see what I'd done with the Shadowhand's tower firsthand, you need only have asked."

Essek's smile slipped, and that same hardened look flashed through for a moment. He looked down, brushing non-existent lint from his clothes. "Are you so suspicious that you do not believe I'd call on you for anything but an ulterior motive?"

"It's realism," Caleb volleyed back, evenly. "If you are here solely to return my book, I am grateful. But I like to think we are past needing excuses to hide our actual intent."

"I don't think we are," Essek looked up at him, eyes sharp. "Or perhaps you wish me to spill my life story to you."

"I already know it," Caleb said softly.

Essek's face curled into a sneer. "Not all, no. There is much you do not know, Shadowhand."

Caleb sighed, rubbing at his eyes and clearing his vision. When he dropped his hands, Essek was still frowning, but seemed to have tempered himself slightly. He searched for another subject. "Did you wish to start on your lessons, now that you finished this?" He tapped the cover of the book that lay between them.

"As soon as you are able," Essek replied tightly, and not for the first time, Caleb wondered at what could be so pressing that the drow would willingly spend hours learning and re-learning basic arcane foundations with him, of all people.

"Then I shall call on you when I am able," Caleb stood then. "Did you need anything else?"

Essek looked up at him carefully, and Caleb grit his teeth behind a neutral smile to keep himself from screaming. These strangers' eyes, ever appraising, were going to be the death of him.

But Essek only stood, following Caleb silently to the door. Rylla was nowhere to be found, and Caleb hoped, weakly, that that wasn't a sign she had recruited Taskine into caring about his home life and had spent this whole time trading gossip with the goblin. He pulled the door open, waving Essek through. The drow stepped forward but turned at the last minute to look back at Caleb. His look softened slightly as his gaze left Caleb and drifted back over the interior of the tower. "Get some sleep, Shadowhand."

Caleb opened his mouth to say something back—he feared it might be something childish like "No, you,"—but Essek was already turning to leave, stepping down through the gate, only to be swallowed by the perpetual dark of Rosohna's streets. Caleb sighed, casting an eye up to the thousands of glittering stars above, and turned to head back inside.

The inner chambers of the Bright Queen's quarters had never grown any more familiar to Caleb no matter how many times he visited them. Ornate murals covered the walls between gleaming silvered moulding, and the ceiling depicted a daybright sky, the sun a stylized Luxon beacon. It never felt any less royal and Caleb always felt that it was entirely constructed to lay low those who were left to wait on the Queen. Or perhaps it was his own racing mind doing that enough on its own.

"Shadowhand?" Quana stepped from the hidden door behind the painted depiction of the Bright Queen in her first life, fighting wildly with a sharp, unforgiving gaze. Caleb stood as Quana held the door for him. "We do not foresee this taking long."

"Of course," Caleb replied as he strode inside, Quana closing the door behind him. The innermost chamber was much more casual, with a large window that looked out over the entirety of the city. It was meticulously hidden from the outside, but within the room was the Queen's ornate work desk, as well as a fashionably gaudy side table that bore an almost full-length mirror and accompanying accoutrements. There was a small U-shaped seating section in another corner, but Caleb only stood, arms folded behind his back as he lifted his chin to meet the Queen's gaze in the mirror. Silena, her closest handmaiden, was brushing her hair with slow care while Leylas' eyes tracked Caleb's arrival.

"Your Majesty," Caleb dipped his head politely. "It was a nice surprise to be summoned here directly."

"Court does get so formal, does it not?" She continued to watch him through the glass. He smiled politely, noting absently that she was not yet fully dressed and armoured. Wearing what he could only guess was the layer just beneath the final dress, she looked beautiful still, her clothes loose enough to be modest, but close-cut enough to reveal lines of muscle in her arms and the implication of her form beneath. "But I asked you here for another reason. You have been overseeing the goings-on of the Mighty Nine, have you not?"

"Nein," he corrected absently, and smiled apologetically at his impoliteness. "It is Zemnian, I believe. And yes, quite closely. I have redirected two of the Lens to watch them periodically, and I have personally been checking in regularly."

"Have you found anything of note?"

"Nothing yet," he assured her. "As... foreign as they are, they do appear to be genuine in their desire to aid us in our war efforts. If there is any implication of dual, ah, allegiances, then I have not found it."

"But they are not all foreign, are they?" Leylas hummed, and Caleb glanced to his side as Quana made to sit at the work desk, shuffling through parchment and seeming to hunt for something specific. "What have you found on Essek of No Den?"

Caleb looked back at the mirror, meeting Leylas' gaze with a smile. Of course this would be about Essek. "I have spoken to him a few times. He does not seem to have any specific goals aside from pursuing his studies in magic further. Not dunamancy," Caleb added quickly, when he saw Leylas' eyes narrow. "My own specialty, from a past life. Transmutation."

"Hm," she waved her hand in a dismissive motion and Silena stopped her minstrations, packing her things quickly and departing the room. Leylas turned in her seat and begun to braid her own hair, still retaining her stunningly regal look. "Do you foresee any danger in this?"

"I do not believe so," Caleb admitted. "I, myself, only learned a paltry amount of it, and he is unaware and untested in the magic theory for any other Empire subdisciplines. I think if he were to be using this for something that would harm the Dynasty, he would not have asked me and likely would be further in his pursuits by this point."

"Your assessment seems sound," she nodded, looking to Quana, who was still searching the desk. She returned her gaze to Caleb. "I want you to keep a close eye on him, Shadowhand. I do not trust him, though I am unsure how this teaching business may play into his larger plans."

"Is there anything specific that you wish for me to keep watch for?"

"Yes." Their attention was redirected then as Quana let out a triumphant sound, producing a scroll and bringing it to Caleb, who unfurled it. He was surprised to find his own shaky handwriting, and a rough sketch of a Beacon that he had seen long ago in the Sanitorium—and then again only recently, in the triumphant and fierce hands of a sharp-eyed drow. The Bright Queen continued. "I find the story of how they came by this Beacon to be quite... insufficient. And for it to match the one that you spoke of when you first arrived here is an alarming coincidence, to say the least."

Caleb rolled up the parchment, handing it back to Quana as he spoke. "You believe he engineered its return somehow?"

"Do you know anything of Essek, once of Den Thelyss?" Leylas gave him a piercing look. "His heresy is almost as well known as his genius. For him to be the one who returned the Beacon?" She clicked her tongue sharply. "It does not bear thinking about."

"I know some of what was said about his past," Caleb acquiesced. In truth, he knew almost nothing. Verin had refused to speak on Essek, much to Caleb's confusion, and the Umavi tended to speak too much on him and the promise that he showed. Had shown. And the rest of the Den were as tight-lipped about the ordeal as one could be.

"Pray you do not discover more," Leylas said, and her voice was soft and sympathetic, as if knowing more on the topic would hurt Caleb and she could not bear the thought. His interest was piqued. "It is not for your ears. You ought not be tainted so."

"As you wish," he nodded. "It sounds unpleasant, and I do dislike such things."

She smiled, then stood carefully, smoothing out the lines of her dress as her hand twitched in a familiar somatic gesture, the ring upon her smallest finger glowing faintly. From another room, Silena returned only moments later, dress in hand. The Bright Queen straightened in place as Silena began to dress her. "Good. I would also ask, if you are to teach him the ways of Empire magic, see if you can glean if he has shared ours with any outsiders. I would hope in this case that they did shun one of our own and his abilities, but one cannot be too careful." She narrowed her eyes, turning her head slightly to gaze out the huge window. "He has been one of our greatest liabilities for the past two decades. It is heartening that we may finally get answers on his goings-on, and it does not escape my notice that you are the one who can bring this to us. But for now, I will leave you to the rest of your day."

"Of course." Caleb bowed low in Leylas' direction and again towards Quana, who only inclined her head in return. Pivoting on one heel, he made his way from the room, slipping out of the internal chambers and towards the exit. It was only once he had left entirely, stepping into a side alley and Teleporting back to his own home, that he allowed himself to slump into a seat. He stared at the whorls of purple wood that made up his flooring, and wondered not for the first time what he was doing.

"You know Prestidigitation, yes?" Caleb looked up from where he was paging through his spellbook, licking absently at his thumb to flip rapidly back through the pages, to the beginning. It was strange, to see the regression of his abilities, the scrawl of an invented spell blending into the too-careful handwriting of a student's quill. He looked up at Essek in question, and the drow cocked an eyebrow at him, fluttering his hand as a shimmer of lavender sparks drifted and spilled from his fingertips. Caleb dipped his head in acknowledgement, flipping back and forth between the Transmutation cantrips he had written down. "I admit, I am not as familiar with some of these, but I know the basics of them and think they would work as building blocks. I found it helps to begin with one of the core four elements—do you have a preference?"

"Water," Essek replied easily, and Caleb raised an eyebrow at that. His smile was carefully blank, and Caleb acquiesced, noting Essek's answer in the back of his head.

"Well, I think the core principles will be the same as shaping and commanding flame." Caleb snapped his fingers, sparking a small flame in his palm, cradling it in the bowl of his hand. Essek leaned in, studying the flame closely. "It's not quite a Control Flame cantrip, but easy enough to do  with a mastery of that and Firebolt, perhaps."

"Ray of Frost, then?" Essek suggested, and Caleb hummed thoughtfully, drawing a spare piece of parchment and scribbling out fragments of an equation over it. "It's one of your cantrips that I do have."

"I work with dunamancy," Caleb corrected sharply, turning back to his spellbook. "I think that could work, though. Perhaps mastery of water could even improve its damage output." He looked up, pushing his spellbook towards Essek. "But, back to the basics. Here is the spell for Shape Water. I think it will fit with what you desire."

Essek's eyes roamed the page before him hungrily, and Caleb could see his mind beginning to whir, his lips parting slightly as he hesitantly dragged the book closer, beginning to scrawl notes and equations on his own parchment.

Caleb settled back, keeping Essek in his periphery as he looked about the room. It was quiet in the study, purposely built so because the previous occupants' daughter had demanded magic lessons in their home. Caleb wasn't entirely sure what had become of her, but the door that separated them from the rest of the mansion was double the average thickness, and Caleb shuddered to think of her poor teacher's fate instead.

Even with that knowledge haunting the room, it was still... cozy. It felt strange to consider, and Caleb didn't think he had thought of anything in the Dynasty as cozy in the entirety of his time there—his own home included—but somehow the Mighty Nein had made a home of their strange mansion. Absentmindedly, Caleb drew his glasses from the front pocket of his shirt, sliding them on as he peered out over the street beyond the triptych of square windows ahead. The street was fairly empty in spite of it being noon—12:47, to be precise—and Caleb absently wondered if the Nein's antics had changed the foot traffic of the area. He felt the threat of a tension headache blooming behind his eyes when he projected ahead to next week's planned meeting with the leader of Den Belthune on infrastructure. Perhaps he would simply suggest building out the city walls again—it always seemed to waste a good hour of time.

"Those must be inconvenient." Essek's voice broke the silence, and Caleb turned his attention back to the drow. He was still writing, carefully transcribing the cantrip already, seeming to have worked out his own approach to it quick enough. Caleb waited for Essek's explanation, and he glanced up only briefly, tapping at the corner of his eye, where Caleb's glasses still sat. "Your own invention?"

"Nobody else here would have built them," Caleb replied lightly, perhaps betraying his anger in the dispassionate ease with which he spoke about them. He reached up, folding them and stowing them back in his pocket. "But the magic is hardly new."

"Do they see in colour?"

"No," Caleb felt his jaw flex slightly at the word, and he looked back down at his spellbook, reciting equations in his mind to keep from thinking too heavily on the subject.

"That must be difficult." The olive branch that Essek offered was kind, but Caleb wasn't entirely sure he was in the mood to be related to. He had little choice though, as Essek abandoned his writing to sit up in his seat. From beneath his shirt, he drew a small amulet, carved of copper and Vurmaloc wood, hanging loosely from what appeared to be a daisy chain. He smiled wryly. "Not the prettiest thing in the world, but this keeps the light from harming me. Or, well, it should when it's complete."

Caleb studied the pendant. At the centre, a stylized sun has been hammered into the copper, its rays stretching to the edges of the roughly hewn circle set into the wood. Essek continued, leaning forward and resting his chin in hand upon the desk as he slid the pendant back beneath his shirt. "It seems we are both inventors out of necessity."

"It seems that way," Caleb agreed. He gestured towards his spellbook. "Are you finished?"

"I am," Essek didn't move, still looking back at Caleb as his spellbook sat splayed on the desk. Caleb ignored his gaze, dragging his book back and closing it.

"Do you require practical assistance?" As soon as he said the words Caleb regretted them, Essek's grin splitting his face wide.

"I would love practical assistance," he drawled, and Caleb tried to resist rolling his eyes.

"The theory is more important to understand for future applications," Caleb tried desperately, and Essek only slightly tapered his look, raising his eyebrow pointedly.

"I feel that I understand the basics of the theory, but I find your approach to magic a bit unconventional, I must admit."

Caleb bristled. "Unconventional?"

Essek's smile was lazy, and Caleb thought that he might hate it. It was a pity that it suited him so well. "You treated the target of spells as inherently changeable." Essek twisted his own book around, tapping at one section of the Shape Water cantrip that he had copied from Caleb, dragging his finger across the binding to his Ray of Frost spell on the opposite page, drawing a comparison between the two. "At least with the ray, you are imposing an effect upon the target. The slowing and cooling of them through the directed spell energy. But the way you've copied Shape Water implies that you are altering the water itself, rather than imposing a change upon it. A bottom-up approach, if you will."

"Is deconstructing my spellcasting helping you?" Caleb asked tightly and Essek hummed, drawing his book back.

"It helps me understand how you, specifically, approach magic. It's a bit unorthodox, or counter to the way I've been learning Empire magic perhaps. But I'm not complaining—I did ask you to teach me, and no other."

"Hm," Caleb couldn't help but feel off-kilter at Essek's words.

"I also disagree with that same understanding of magic," he added blithely. At Caleb's narrowed look, Essek shrugged helplessly. "It runs counter to my specialty. Graviturgy is inherently rooted in the understanding that everything has something which grounds it—often a field of energy, but any good graviturgist must have something that they ground their magic in, whether it is their own beliefs, their innate sense of ability, or another."

Caleb's mind had ground to a halt at Essek's words, even as he continued to speak on the nature of graviturgical theory. He cut him off sharply. "You cannot be a graviturgist."

"Pardon?" Essek looked genuinely confused.

"There are no graviturgists," Caleb stressed, frowning. "It is somewhat understood theoretically, but none have progressed in the field practically. Beyond a few nigh-useless cantrips, it is simply not done."

"Ah," Essek's gaze narrowed, and he straightened, folding his hands on the table before him. "I forget how the Dynasty works sometimes. Forgive me."

Caleb stared back at Essek until the drow relented with a sharp sigh. He stood, and then with the briefest of pauses, levitated. Except it wasn't the Levitate spell, because there had been no components, aside from perhaps the slightest indication of a somatic gesture. There was no bob to his movement either, and as Caleb stared, Essek lifted slightly higher, about a foot off the ground, his knees bent slightly as if frozen in place, poised to land.

"How?" He thought perhaps that his jaw was hanging open. How embarrassing.

"It's but a modified cantrip," Essek replied, crossing his arms. "I don't do it often, but it comes in handy. It is little more than the slight shift of my own gravitational field, perhaps akin to a Telekinesis spell, but centered on me alone."

"That is," Caleb shook his head, standing and almost unconsciously stepping closer to walk a slow circle around Essek. The drow looked almost confused by Caleb's awe. "Incredible. Mein gott, I have read everything on the topic, but never seen a successful practical demonstration of it." He looked up at Essek, who was looking back at him, his expression now tentative, guarded even. "It's beautiful."

"Ah," Essek coughed, and dropped back to the ground. He fidgeted with one of the loose chains of his silvery ear cuffs, not looking at Caleb. "Thank you. It is a paltry spell, but one of my first."

"Paltry?" Caleb repeated, aghast at Essek's dismissal. Either he was far more humble than Caleb had thought, or he was truly unaware at the scale of his own talents. Caleb rather expected it was the latter. He stepped forward, forcing Essek to look back at him. "I do not jest when I say that I've only heard about such abilities in books. Have you shown this to anyone else?"

Essek looked up then, briefly demure with his soft, violet eyes, but as he met Caleb's gaze his jaw tightened and he withdrew into himself again. "Why... do you ask?"

"I only wished to know—"

"I am not the Dynasty's any longer," Essek sneered, and Caleb bit back the words he wished he could say, knowing that any would be unwelcome. "They have made that abundantly clear. If they wished me to keep their secrets, perhaps they should not have been so very quick to unname me."

He twisted in place, stepping to the door and yanking it open. When he looked back at Caleb, holding the door for him with thrumming pointedness, Caleb almost made to say something more, to protest against Essek's words. But there was nothing he could say, and he merely dipped his head in farewell and strode from the room, cursing his own words and the machinations of politics in equal measure.

Caleb didn't believe in luck. He didn't quite believe in fate either, but he was beginning to believe that Rosohna must have been infinitely smaller than he had been told, as he rounded a corner away from the Lucid Bastion to see Essek descending his way down the hill, in the opposite direction to the large gates that blocked the Bastion entrance. And he was floating.In that moment, Caleb thought that he had a singular choice to make. He reflected briefly on the truly immeasurable amount of unpleasant interactions he had had with the adventurer, and the likely overzealous dislike that he still held for him, which was rooted in far deeper issues that he hadn't quite dealt with, nor intended to any time soon. So, yes. All told, Caleb felt fairly confident that approaching the drow would likely make both their days worse.

He stepped into the street and made his way to Essek's side.

The drow spotted him before Caleb could get into step with him, but Caleb was somewhat alarmed when Essek instead slowed to a stop, waiting for him. Caleb closed the distance between them, immediately pivoting to follow as Essek continued his trek, silent the entire time. Around them, various people bustled and moved, and Caleb realised belatedly that they were receiving a number of open stares, what with his instant recognizability and Essek's, well, entirely similar deal. Caleb was beginning to understand the reason why Essek had waited for him, familiar enough at this point with having every gaze fixed upon him wherever he went. And because it was in his nature, he pointed as much out to Essek. "If their gazes bother you, I am no stranger to casting a quick disguise. If that's what you wish."

"No," Essek's voice was firm, and he lifted his chin as he spoke, looking straight ahead. "I want them to see me. To see that I am back, and intend to be here. But," his voice faltered, though his outward appearance did not. "It is a heavy weight to bear."

"I could not agree more," Caleb said softly, and felt Essek's gaze on him, as well as that of every other person in their vicinity. Though somehow this time, his did not feel as piercing or as cruel as the other eyes. When he looked back, Essek was looking away. Caleb continued. "You were leaving the Lucid Bastion."

"Spying on me yourself?" Essek scoffed. "You ought to learn to delegate, Shadowhand."

"I like a personal touch," Caleb hummed. He could have argued that he hadn't, in fact, been spying on Essek, but that would have begged the question of if he had ever spied on their little group, and that way lay dragons. "And I am very aware of who resides in that part of the city."

"As am I," Essek bit out, but Caleb thought he detected a weary edge to Essek's voice. Something new, perhaps.

"Did they let you in?"

Essek exhaled sharply, suddenly coming to a stop in the middle of the thoroughfare. Caleb haltingly took another step before turning and looking back at his walking companion. "Essek?"

Essek's eyes had screwed shut, but they opened at the sound of his name on Caleb's lips, and his expression was so thick with emotion and turmoil that Caleb was speaking a Mass Suggestion before he was even entirely aware of what he was doing. He drew his thumb across the adder's ring on his hand that he used for such spells, sending everyone in the vicinity away to clear any others from this particular crossroads. He barely waited to see if the spell had taken before he was stepping forward, watching the drow. "Essek."

"It's cruel," Essek began, his voice threatening to break. His eyes were wide, watching Caleb and yet not, all at the same time. "That you would even suggest that I wouldn't be able to enter the Bastion. But it's crueler still that you're right."

"I'm sorry," Caleb tried to emphasize just how much he meant it.

Essek shook his head, looking away at the now emptied street. "Do you know what it's like? To be barred from entering the place where you spent your youth? Where you grew up, were moulded, the place where you thought you'd always be?"

"I mean this sincerely," Caleb hesitated, but reached out and pressed careful fingers to Essek's forearm. The other mage made to jerk away, but steadied himself and remained, tense but still. "I understand that more than you could ever know."

Essek let out a bitter laugh, scrubbing at his face with his other hand and letting out a harsh breath. They remained there for a long moment as Essek's breaths began to even out. He pried his arm from Caleb's grip, gentle but firm. There was a beat as he collected himself, looking around. When he spoke, it was with his familiar guarded, sardonic tone. "That was a powerful spell."

"You seemed to need it in the moment." Caleb straightened in place. Warily, he gestured down the road, to continue walking. Slowly, and with little fanfare, Essek began to move again and Caleb fell into step beside him.

"That first time, I got in with a disguise and some forged documents," Essek said, and his tone seemed designed to entice Caleb into asking questions. He didn't.

"Very enterprising," Caleb said instead. "Would you be offended if I used that information to bolster the guards at the gate?"

Essek shrugged, a deeply uncouth gesture that seemed to relay exactly how long he had been apart from the formality of the Kryn upper class. "Do what you will. I'd still be able to get past them."

"Verin had to let me in," Essek's voice was flat with displeasure.

Caleb hesitated, aware of Essek's volatility, but also of his new well of openness. He chanced it. "Is that so bad? You were able to enter, which is more than most could say."

"It is degrading nevertheless," Essek replied sharply, and Caleb mentally shut down that particular route of enquiry. "That my younger brother must ferry me between the gates and my old home. The very place where I have spent the majority of my life."

"You were still able to visit," Caleb pointed out, and tried to repress the implication that he could not do the same with his own past.

Essek was quiet for a few blocks, and Caleb spent that time keeping track of which eyes followed them and for how long. They were closer to the Mighty Nein's home now, but far enough from the overprotection of the Bastion that familiar fears prickled at the back of his mind. Eventually, his companion spoke again. "I would offer you a trade."

"Oh?" Caleb asked, keeping his eyes forward.

"I will teach you graviturgy if you keep me updated on my mother."

"Was? What?" It was Caleb's turn to stumble to a stop, though he tried to keep moving normally, as Essek hadn't slowed. "Surely you cannot be serious."

"Why would I joke on this?" Essek rolled his eyes. Caleb was reminded that he might actually hate this drow still.

"Nobody has ever learned graviturgy," Caleb protested.

Essek tsked. "Then they're fools who either haven't applied themselves enough, or aren't smart enough to figure it out."

"Then which does that make me?"

Essek smiled for the first time. "I suppose we'll have to see."

"We will not," Caleb protested angrily. "Because the other half of your little trade is treason."

"I care not about the Bright Queen."

"Of course, you only care about one of the other two most powerful women, most powerful people, in the Dynasty," Caleb hissed. He was very aware of the eyes on them.

"Not movements or information," Essek corrected, and Caleb watched as he slowed, face in turmoil again. When he continued, it was softer and Caleb had to shift closer to hear him. "I only wish to hear of her state of mind. If she seems... out of sorts. And if so, how so."

Caleb was silent, allowing Essek to fill the space with his words. After a beat, he did. "I don't intend to return to the Bastion. There is little left for me there but ruin and judging eyes. If I'm to do good, it will not be there." A pause. Essek's chin was lifted high again, his eyes set ahead but directionless. "But that means not seeing my mother again. And while I understand that is the intention of my... unnaming, I also would plead to our common decency and ask you if you would try for the same request in my place."

"In this we are not in the same place," Caleb replied, in a tone that he hoped communicated his desire to end this particular branch of their conversation. Essek turned to look at him, surprised, perhaps, by his words.

"But if we were," Essek protested. "Wouldn't you also wish to know of your mother's health?" And then it was Caleb's turn to fall silent.

The truth of the matter was this: Caleb intended to say yes either way. The chance to learn graviturgy was too important to his work, to the project of advancing magic as a whole, to pass up. The question was not whether graviturgy was worth it—it was, it was, it was, it was—but rather if Caleb would lie to Essek or not. It would be simple enough to pretend away any signs of instability in the Umavi, to simply treat Essek's request as paranoia or overprotectiveness. Except.

Except, except, except.

Except he had noticed signs of what Essek spoke of. For him to have the wherewithal to ask after it, to pose it to Caleb with such a high cost on his end, meant he was treating it seriously as well. As seriously as Caleb had been thinking on such progressions in her mental state—and the Bright Queen's own mind even more so.

So even in such a request, Caleb understood the numerous branching ways that it spelled doom for the Dynasty, should such information leave the confines of those in power, those with an investment in keeping the nation whole. And yet, he considered that perhaps Essek truly was simply asking after the health of his mother. A bafflingly honest request, and one that Caleb would have killed to be able to make.

He had been tracking their movements in the back of his mind, and Caleb rapidly found that they were coming up on the Mighty Nein's mansion. He allowed himself until they slowed before their home, but didn't step closer than the street when he spoke. "I accept your offer."

Essek halted in place, and Caleb wondered if he did this often. It was more than a little annoying, all his dramatic stopping and starting, but the look on Essek's face was, perhaps, grudgingly worth it. "Truly?"

"You seem to be underestimating the gift you're offering me," Caleb commented.

Essek shook his head quickly, stepping forward and, after a moment of indecision, lifting his hands to grip loosely at Caleb's wrists. "Thank you."

And had Caleb had any qualms about what kind of a person he was, they were confirmed as he stared back at Essek, bathed in the hazy lavender glow of the tree high above, knowing that he had no intention of keeping his end of their bargain.

He smiled at Essek and Essek smiled back, warm and genuine.

Caleb had never encountered a goblin like Nott. When he knocked on their door early one afternoon on a mission, she yanked it open with aplomb, door chimes filling the silence as she blinked up at him for a good five seconds before she spoke. "Essek is out with Caduceus right now."

It was somehow both irksome and refreshing that she treated him as an equal, never bothering with formalities or, well, common decency. Caleb drew the stack of notes from his Wristpocket, holding them up to the woman. "I am only here to return the notes that he leant to me."

"Did he give you those under duress?" She asked, bug-eyed as she stepped back and let Caleb in. "He won't even let the rest of us see them. Jester tried to read over his shoulder once and it was not pretty."

"Between you and me, he barely let me read them either," Caleb smiled. "I was just as surprised as you."

"Hmph," she said, more contemplative than annoyed. She waved her hand in the vague direction of the dining area. "Want some tea? Caduceus made it earlier and there's a bit left over."

Caleb hesitated, and found himself searching for a way to decline her invitation. But he hadn't gotten this far in his time with the Dynasty by being ungrateful and turning down offers to socialize, so he allowed his more public persona to take over as he dipped his head in agreement. "If you're offering."

"Head on into the dining room, I'll bring it out." He did as she dictated, trying to dispel the feeling that he was trespassing. Cautiously, he slipped Essek's notes on graviturgy back into his pocket dimension, settling into one of the chairs.

Nott returned soon after, her face contorted in pain as she held the teapot and two cups between her hands. "Ow, ow, ow, ow—"

Caleb whipped out a hasty Telekinesis spell, lifting the offending objects from his hostess' hands and laying them out carefully on the table. She climbed up into the chair kitty-corner to his, and gave him a wide smile as she began to pour the tea. "You're very kind. Thank you."

"It was no trouble," Caleb assured her, too thrown by her calling him kind to bother with being demure. "Thank you for the tea."

"This actually wasn't any trouble either, so I guess we're even," she grinned.

Once she finished pouring, Nott settled back in her chair, and Caleb sipped at the tea, finding it oddly smoky and herbal at the same time. He cast his mind about for something to say. "How are you finding Rosohna?"

"Oh," she looked up at him, eyes wide. "I love it."

"Really?" Caleb tried not to let the surprise bleed into his tone, and was sure he failed.

She laughed. "Yes. It's strange, isn't it? A lifetime in the Empire and I'm grateful to be here, on the other side. But here, people see me as a person first. Not a goblin, just a woman."

"Mm," Caleb looked at her thoughtfully. "Have you truly spent your entire life in the Empire? You'd never considered moving?"

"I admit," she began in a soft, conspiratorial voice. "I didn't even know the Dynasty had so many goblins, and that they were, well, civilized. Perhaps if I'd known years ago, it may have changed something, but I think I would have stayed regardless."

"So what changed your mind now?"

She looked down at her cup, fingers tap-tap-tapping on the side of the porcelain. "Meeting them."

Caleb didn't know what to say to that, only sipping heavily from his cup and pondering the woman before him. He hesitated for only a moment before continuing the conversation, perhaps spurred on by the jolt of caffeine. "I think I understand your plight, from the opposite direction. I have never quite felt right here, no matter the care I have for the city, this nation."

"Why do you stay?" She asked, and her eyes were almost luminous, even in the warm firelight.

"I believe I can do more and do better here," Caleb replied simply. "The Empire gave me nothing that the Dynasty could not give with a better promise. I owe my life to this nation, and I would see that debt repaid."

"Even if you feel like an outsider until the end?" Nott asked, and Caleb had answered the question in his head long ago but never aloud, finding it harder to make his tongue form the words than he had expected.

"I think that's admirable," she said, draining her cup. She set the porcelain back onto the table with a sharp clack. "To have a mission and be so aligned to it. I think I am very selfish sometimes, to be pursuing the ends that I am, so I think it does me good to know that I am helping people who are playing a much larger game than I am."

"That's..." Caleb hesitated, pondering the goblin's words. "I think that's incredibly selfless. That you can think of others in such a way so as to align yourself with their future. Symbiotic, perhaps."

"Well," she shrugged. "Truth be told, I don't overly care if others see me as selfish or not. I know what I want, and I will work towards it. Anything else is part of that mission."

"I cannot imagine it's easy to be swayed by so many other adventures and quests of all kinds," he suggested, and she shook her head sharply.

"It's not about ease. We need to get stronger, smarter. It's about temperance, perhaps. Or maybe just patience. And Essek, but he understands that." She huffed a laugh. "I think he is more determined than I am to seek out an end to my mission."

"Perhaps that is what friends are for," Caleb offered as he finished his tea, pondering briefly just what Essek was doing for this goblin. The desire to know stuck in his mind like sovereign glue. "Being more invested in your narrative than you. Lightening that load."

"Yes," she looked thoughtful, contemplative, before she turned her gaze back to him fully. "Can I ask, Mr. Shadowhand, why you're helping us? Why you're here?"

"You can call me Caleb," he corrected easily. If he couldn't convince Essek, he might as well ingratiate himself with the rest of his little group. "And you are heroes of the Dynasty. I would see you comfortable and cared for, as I was when I came here."

"Right, but," she smiled. "We're also kind of a bunch of assholes."

"Ah, " Caleb cleared his throat. There was the friendly exchange of conversation, and then there was navigating this absolute landmine of political unrest. "Well, you still brought back a Beacon."

"Well—" Caleb wasn't sure if he was blushing at his own awkwardness in trying to navigate around just agreeing with her. "I'm not sure why you would undersell your own accomplishments, but you have done us a great service, and we wish to see that rewarded."

"But what about you, specifically?" she pressed, and Caleb realized that he was in the midst of the strangest interrogation of his entire Luxon-damned life.

He hesitated, staring at the dregs of his cup and thinking heavily. It was odd, that he was made so off-kilter by this strange woman before him. He swirled his cup slowly, and felt something in him claw its way up from deep down within. "What I said earlier. About how I did not fit in here." He forced himself to look up at her. If he was to spill the truth like purging humours, he would not be so uncouth as to forgo looking her in the eye. "I am, perhaps, envious of how you all fit in here so easily. Not the fact that many of you are or could be native to this place, but that even those of you who stick out... do not care about fitting in. You somehow gamed the system in a way that prevents you from being entirely answerable to those same stares that followed me for so long after I arrived. That still follow me. And that is an impressive feat."

Nott watched him carefully as he spoke, and he was more than a little alarmed at the smile that split her face as he did. When he finished, unable to keep holding her gaze, she spoke up. "Then I hope we can rub off on you a bit. It's not such a bad thing, to be unashamed."

Caleb was saved from having to respond by the chime of the front door, and he could have sworn he heard Nott mutter under her breath, "speaking of rubbing off," as the muted sounds of an arrival drifted into the dining area. A voice called out into the open space, "Nott! I got those acids you wanted from the guy that I know." Footsteps approached the dining room, and Caleb had to shift to sit on his hands in an effort to not Teleport away. He remained. "He was a bit wary and I think they're more volatile than I expected, but they should—oh."

Caleb tried to look as pleasantly neutral as he could as Essek faltered in the doorway, eyes immediately flickering between Nott and Caleb, his expression shuttering as he took them in. "I was not aware we had company."

"He stopped by to return your notes," Nott turned and hopped off the chair, stepping up to Essek and waggling her hands in a 'gimme' gesture. "C'mon, I'm a grown woman, I want to play with the acid."

Essek raised an eyebrow at her, lifting the bulky parcel tucked beneath his arm slightly higher, just out of arms' reach. "You can play with the acid when you have proper protective equipment on."

"What are you, my mother?"

"I'm at least ninety years your senior, so I get mother privileges."

Nott glared, crossing her arms at the drow and tapping her foot. "Fine. I'll go get some, and then are we still on for later?"

Essek laughed, and Caleb was struck by just how light and carefree he sounded. Something like guilt pricked at the back of his mind, that he was so unfamiliar with the sound—from Essek, but also from anyone else. "Yes, we are still on for building your project later."

"'Fluffernutter 2: We're Coming After You' is no mere project—" Nott began, her voice fading out as she left the room and ascended the stairs. Caleb made to stand, awkwardly aware that he had overstayed his welcome considerably. Essek only watched him, appraising as always, though the usual derision was gone from his expression.

Caleb stepped around the table, drawing Essek's notes from his pocket dimension. "My thanks for these. They were incredibly useful."

"Happy to oblige," Essek replied easily, as he took them back and folded them under his arm with the other, apparently more dangerous bundle. "How was the tea?"

"It was delicious," he admitted, and tried to recover the good graces he had instilled in himself after so many years spent making himself likeable by those who were taught to see him as evil. He straightened, flashing a smile at Essek as he made his way into the hallway. "Tell Caduceus he is welcome to share samples any time."

"Just Caduceus?" Essek's smile was pleasant, and Caleb was surprised enough at his change in demeanor since their last meeting that he laughed.

"Yes," he continued, as Essek pulled open the door with his free hand. Caleb stepped out, turning back to face him. "And just samples."

"But what if you develop a taste for them?"

"Well," Caleb hummed, looking away to straighten his mantle. He donned his glasses and looked back at Essek, who was leaning in the doorway, shoulder propped up against the doorjamb. "I suppose we'll deal with that when we come to it."

"I suppose we will. Farewell, Shadowhand." Essek didn't move from his lean, watching Caleb with disarming casualness. Caleb wasn't entirely sure what to make of it, and decided instead to simply ignore it—for now. Caleb turned away from the strange mansion and its stranger occupants, heading out into the streets with the taste of smoke lingering at the back of his throat.

That casualness didn't last however, mostly because Caleb had to learn graviturgy. And, well, it became obvious within the first five or so minutes of their lesson that he was decidedly bad at it.

"I truly cannot emphasize this enough," Essek flipped through his spellbook rapidly, moving back to some of his earliest pages and spells. "I'm not trying to trick you. That simply is one of the most basic graviturgical spells."

"But you invented it," Caleb protested, painfully aware that he sounded like a child, yet unwilling to concede regardless. "So who are you to deem it easy or not?"

"If you can find another graviturgist of my skill and experience, I'd be happy to discuss our shared craft and whether they think I'm being unfair," Essek drawled, closing his book with a snap. "Now, then," and he slid from the wooden desk into a standing position, though as he straightened, he began floating an inch off the ground.

Caleb glared at him. "Now you're just showing off."

"Not very well, apparently."

"Do you have much teaching experience to compare, then?" Essek crossed his arms, drumming his finger erratically against the cover of his spellbook. Caleb continued to glare. After a moment, Essek relented. "The problem is as I said earlier: your magic and your understanding of it is rooted in malleability. Not even transmutation perhaps, but simply the belief that everything is inherently changeable. That's untrue."

"It's clearly not untrue, else I wouldn't be able to perform magic," Caleb cut in.

Essek waved his hand dismissively. "Your casting is only as strong as your weakest abilities. If you truly want to learn graviturgy, you must reassess your own understanding of the field of magic."

Caleb sighed explosively. "You're telling me that I must undo years, decades of magical understanding and research in order to do a, a," he waved his hand toward Essek, who pointedly lifted his float up a foot off the ground. "A parlour trick?"

"It's not about the spells," Essek bit out, eyes narrowed. "It's about understanding the building blocks. To control your own gravity field is the easiest principle. You are aware of your own self and your proximity to other objects, and this spell allows you to manipulate the force holding you down and to expand or contract it." He hesitated, and Caleb could see him mentally recalculating. "You need not unlearn all your teachings, and it would be perhaps hypocritical for me, less learned that I am, to tell you how to practice magic. However, graviturgy requires from the caster some form of grounding. Something unequivocal and unchanging that they can fixate upon. It acts as a kind of centering for your own magical abilities. You could think of your components in such a way."

"Are spell components not inherently transmutative objects?" Caleb tried not to sound deeply skeptical, and failed.

Essek was practically vibrating in place with displaced annoyance, floating slightly higher and leaning back, as if propped against an invisible wall. "Now you're being purposely obtuse."

"I'm not!" Caleb protested. "Components are material objects, usually non-magical, which are drawn on by the Weave to become a tangible magical effect! Their sole purpose is to change into a new form!"

"They are tools that we use to conduct magical essence through in order to capture and channel it into an effect that we control," Essek replied haughtily. "If they were transmutative, then why are they not always consumed by the spell?"

"If they were simply tools for channeling, then why wouldn't we use a focus?" Caleb retorted, and Essek rolled his eyes.

"We are at an impasse," he said flatly, as Caleb seethed. "The simple matter at hand is that graviturgy requires you to consider magic in a different dimension, and if you are unable to do so, you will not be able to work with it."

"And what does that mean for our deal, hm?" Caleb bit back, and immediately regretted his words. Essek's eyes narrowed and he dropped to the ground with a thump, striding across the room and stopping mere inches from Caleb's face. Up close, Caleb realised that Essek was slightly shorter, giving him a clear view of the smattering of white freckles across the bridge of his nose.

"How dare you." He hissed, and Caleb refocused, sensing  all of Essek's 120 years of life in those words and feeling suddenly very small indeed. "How dare you renege on our promise because you are unable to open your mind enough to ideas of magic that expand beyond your little Empire tricks. You have told me numerous times what a gift this is, how rare, how special an opportunity it would be for you, and yet you back out at the first sign of difficulty? What kind of a scholar are you?"

"You're right," Caleb said, and watched as Essek's wild eyes searched his, looking for all the world as if he intended to continue his rant. Instead he deflated, taking a half-step back with a sneer, the sharp point of one canine poking out from above his lip. Caleb continued. "I apologize. I'm used to being challenged in every aspect of my day-to-day except for magic, and it is... humbling. To say the least. But you're right, that is not a good enough reason to back out."

"Few things would be," Essek said, tone guarded.

"I agree," Caleb acquiesced. He looked away, fingers skirting over his closed spellbook. He let out a self-deprecating laugh. "I admit, it's been a very long time since I had to learn something from the beginning. It is a novelty to discover the downsides to being self-taught when it has served me so well all these years."

There was a pause then, a swelling silence that wasn't quite comfortable, but lacked the tension from a few seconds prior. Essek broke it, and his voice was cautious as he spoke. "Have you truly been alone so long?"

"Yes." Caleb didn't look at him as he spoke, but thought of what Fjord had said. He was alone for so long before us. Oh, how those words echoed.

Another pause, and then: "Perhaps we frame this as a challenge, then."

"What?" Caleb looked up then, at Essek's now-rueful look.

"I will be teaching you graviturgy," Essek continued, his self-assuredness bordering on arrogance. "So the problem is not the spells so much as it is discovering what grounds you. What Caleb Thelyss believes to be unchanging."

"So our lessons will consist of listing out ideas?" Caleb leaned against the desk at his back, absently drawing his spellbook up to stow it in his pocket dimension.

"Whatever works," Essek shrugged. "We are inventors, are we not? Surely we can mobilize our ingenuity somehow."

"Somehow," Caleb echoed, standing and rolling his shoulders in a stretch. He caught Essek's eye before he turned to leave, reaching his hand out to catch lightly at Essek's forearm. "Thank you."

Essek didn't pull away, but his gaze was careful and searching when he responded. "As long as you remember our agreement."

Caleb drew his hand back, inclining his head in silent acceptance. He didn't think he could have forgotten their agreement if he tried.

(Cleb's lovely art for this scene, as well as bonus Xhorhas sibs!!!!!!! Thank you!!!!! Find more of Cleb's art at their tumblr @kaetor!)

It was, perhaps, testament to how long Caleb had been in Rosohna that he wasn't still scared out of his wits by Deirta Thelyss. Though, the true accomplishment was less that he wasn't scared of her and more that she actually liked him. He hadn't realised that that part was so strange until after a Den meeting in those early days, when Verin had pulled him aside and hesitantly asked if he had enchanted his mother, because why else would she have laughed at his numerous etiquette missteps at dinner instead of throwing him out on his face. These days it was Verin who came to Caleb about issues pertaining to the Umavi, and he was actually her son, in blood rather than simply name.So, all that to say that Caleb liked the Umavi, and probably wouldn't have gotten very far in Rosohna if he hadn't liked her, let alone if the feeling hadn't been mutual. Which made it all the more difficult when she turned to him at their luncheon and said with a bright smile, "You've met Essek, haven't you?"

Caleb had been avoiding meeting with her for weeks now, pushing back their monthly luncheon almost to the point of interfering with the next scheduled date. The rest of the Den, too, surely had an idea of what would conspire during their meeting, and any who had been invited had politely declined... or they had graciously accepted at first and Verin, who had multiple times over promised Caleb that he would be there, had threatened them into changing their answer. Caleb didn't want to think of the headache that would result from the answer being the latter—he'd be smoothing that one over for weeks—but privately thought he might send Verin flowers or those cupcakes he liked, should it prove true.

Nevertheless, Caleb chanced a glance across the table at Verin, who was pointedly staring at his soup, eating slowly and with great focus. He understood that he was alone in this conversation, Verin acting more as moral support than anything else, and turned with a kind smile back to Deirta. She was dressed informally—or, at least, as informally as one could be when one was an Umavi. Her dress was bright white, straight cut and tied at the shoulders with silver vinelike clasps, matching the belt that cinched at her waist. Her hair was in its usual braids, immaculate and oiled to shining, and carefully tied back in an elaborately woven bun. Her earrings were hung with silvery chains, and Caleb couldn't help but notice how similar they were in style to Essek's, a comparison that was difficult not to draw when Verin's ears were comparatively bare, with only simple studs at his earlobes.

"I have met with him, yes."

"Tell me what you thought of him," she lowered her chopsticks, resting her chin in hand as she turned her riveted gaze to Caleb. "I do think you two are so similar."

Caleb didn't dare look at Verin this time. "He is an interesting man. I think he's incredibly talented in the dunamantic sciences, and he seems very adept. He'd have to be if he's survived all these years as a mercenary."

"Oh, that's such an ugly word," Deirta pursed her lips, waving her long, elegant fingers dismissively. "Mercenary. It's hardly better than an assassin. But I digress: have you spoken at length? What has he said of his return to Rosohna?"

"I was under the impression that he visited you not long ago?" Caleb chanced, and saw in his periphery that Verin glanced up, watching the exchange intently now.

"He did, but he was very ill at ease. He refused to stay, and insisted he was only visiting and would be too busy to return." Her tone betrayed her annoyance, and she gave Caleb a private look. "I am reminded often that he is on his first life. New souls are prone to that kind of behaviour."

Caleb, very carefully, continued to not look at Verin. "Indeed? Was he here for so little time?"

"Yes, but I also intended for him to stay here, with me," she straightened, dabbing at her mouth delicately with a cloth. "Like I said, mercenary work is unbefitting. He was born to do greater things."

Caleb took that brief moment to eat some of his own meal, trying to parse how he could navigate the rest of this conversation. "Perhaps he is only wary of the Bright Queen's reaction to such an offer."

"I can handle Leylas," Deirta smiled. "She would not begrudge me my son's success."

"I'm unsure if she is entirely trusting of the, ah, Mighty Nein," Caleb said carefully. "And Essek has very much aligned himself with them."

"He was simply doing what needs must," Deirta folded her hands together delicately, resting her elbows on the table and her chin on the backs of her hands. "I will not hold these past few decades against him. But he is not a child any longer. He cannot keep adventuring. It is time for him to come home."

"I think the returning of the Beacon was enough to allow him back in the city," Caleb replied honestly. "I'm unsure if she'll agree to greater terms."

"Caleb, do you not wish for Essek to return to Rosohna? To take up his rightful place here amongst us?" Her expression didn't change, but her tone was hardened and sharper.

"I would be fascinated to see what he could do if he returned to Den Thelyss," Caleb corrected. "But I worry this is asking too much of our Queen."

"Then I suppose we will not be asking our Queen," Deirta hummed, and somehow Caleb doubted that meant she would be dropping the subject. "Now, finish your meal. You're looking so thin these days."

Caleb did, and the rest of their lunch passed cautiously, but nicely. He stepped from the Umavi's home some time later, and made his way slowly around one side to wait by the ancient Everdim tree that hung over the gate of her property and into the street. It's bulbous white flowers were nearly in bloom, the faintly luminescent stamens beginning to glow brighter with each passing day. Beneath it, Caleb turned idly and reached up, plucking a flower from the tree and leaning down to carefully murmur words into its folds. The flower began to unfurl, blossoming within his palms and revealing its centre, where a small fluttering black bird sat, breathing quickly.

"Hallo,"  Caleb said softly. "Would you be my ears for a little while?"

The bird fluttered up onto his shoulder as the flower fell away to just petals, and Caleb turned back around at the sound of approaching footsteps.

"Fuck," Verin said emphatically as he rounded the corner, picking up his pace when he caught sight of Caleb. As soon as he made it to Caleb's side, they had already begun walking, Verin leading them away from the Lucid Bastion and into the depths of the city. They always did this after a Den meeting, gathering at the same place and departing together, either to one of their homes—when Caleb picked—or to a new tavern, at Verin's behest.

"Fuck," Caleb agreed just as emphatically, hands twisting into familiar gestures as he shifted his and Verin's forms into that of two well-dressed bugbears.

Verin looked down at himself, plucking at his illusory robes. "How's my hair?"

"Trademarked beautiful locs, as always."

Verin preened, but sobered quickly. "Caleb, about today..."

"I just need to know," Caleb sucked in a breath, trying to process his own emotions in real time. On his shoulder, the small bird hopped back and forth, hidden by the Seeming illusion but still watching their surroundings. "Does she want to oust me? Is that what this is about?"

"No," Verin shook his head emphatically. "No, she loves you."

"But Essek is her prodigy," Verin sighed. "He's her first new soul in decades, and for him to have ascended through the ranks as fast as he did, well..."

"What of you?" Caleb protested. "You're a new soul as well, and doing damn fine."

"Thank you, my friend," Verin coughed. "But you know Essek was positioned to become Shadowhand. And for her to have lost him—at such a pivotal point in his career nevertheless—has always been a defeat she could not bear to accept."

Caleb tsked. "He's not coming back, you know."

"He told me himself."

"So you have met with him?" Verin looked over, surprised. "I wasn't sure."

Caleb sighed. "He's teaching me graviturgy. And I'm helping him with transmutation."

"My, haven't we been busy."

"I don't even know if I like him, to be honest," Caleb snorted, and Verin threw back his head and laughed at that.

"If that isn't the most accurate impression of Essek, I don't know what is," he grinned, and shook his head. "Any eyes?"

Caleb shifted his shoulder in question, and the bird didn't move. "No, none that stick out."

"Good." Verin seemed to be leading them both to the Gallimaufrey, and Caleb lamented the work that he ought to have been doing instead of drinking. "So, you've met Essek. What do you think he's planning?"

Caleb shook his head. "I have no idea. It's something to do with transmutation." Caleb hesitated, pretending to check on the fey spirit as he collected his thoughts. "He came back to Rosohna for the Empire prisoner, the halfling. Whatever he's staying in Rosohna for, it isn't to reconnect with family."

Verin stumbled in place and Caleb stopped, reaching out an arm to him as Verin stared down at the cobblestone underfoot. When he continued it was at a slower pace, though no less directed. "I knew that. I really did but, well, I suppose I didn't want it to be true. It's good to have the confirmation, though."

"No," Verin tucked his hands behind his back, resuming his original pace and lifting his head high. "You have nothing to apologize for. It's why I asked, I knew that you could get the correct read on him."

"Do you know why he returned?"

"Fuck if I've ever understood anything he does," Verin scoffed, and it was Caleb's turn to laugh. "What about you, though?"

"Mother won't give this up." Verin warned as they rounded a corner that opened out onto a wide square. A band of musicians played a riotous tune on a makeshift stage to the far side of the square, and petty mages performed minor tricks as they wound throughout the crowd. Only half of them looked as though they intended to steal their audience's changepurses, so it was a good day indeed. The pair came to a stop on the edge of the square, and Caleb leaned up against a shoddy cart that had been repurposed to sell cabbages. The owner seemed to be away, and Caleb took the time to survey the bustle, reminding himself why he did all this, and who he did it for. No more lost children. No more left behind on either side.

"She seems quite single-minded these days."

"She does," Verin agreed hesitantly. And then, "I worry."

"Good," Verin leaned against the cart with him, seeming to understand that he needed a moment. "Thank you. I know she's your business as well, but... it is reassuring for me to hear regardless."

"Do you think I need to worry?" Caleb asked then, and wasn't sure if he ought to feel embarassed by his own question.

"You always worry," Verin rejoined, but turned serious quickly. "I do not think the Bright Queen could be swayed enough for Essek to take up the mantle that he was once promised. I also don't think he wants it. But I do not believe my mother will let her dreams of seeing it be done die without trying, and I don't know what she'd risk to achieve them."

"You think she'd risk me?"

"I think," he hesitated, and cast a glance over one shoulder. Caleb gave a minute shake of the head as his fey spirit continued to see nothing out of the ordinary. "I think that she has achieved much in her lifetimes, and as she has aged, fewer and fewer things have stood in her way."

"A human wouldn't change that."

"No," Verin's voice was soft, careful, and Caleb felt like he was made of glass. "She has overcome much more than one human."

There was a moment of silence then, and Caleb struggled to figure out his own mind, head reeling at the implications and ruin that this mess could end in. He was only just beginning to reflect on what this meant for his promise to Essek—and how wrought that was, now that the madness Essek feared in his mother would see him usurp Caleb—when the fey on his shoulder let out a sharp chirrup. He whirled around, just in time to be whacked over the head by a wooden stick. "Ow!"

"Get off my cart, al-absterid!" A short drow man twirled the stick in place, lifting it higher and swinging it towards Verin, who let out a yelp. "This is private property!"

"Fuck, yes, okay, we're leaving!" Verin cried, grabbing at Caleb blindly and hauling him into the square. A few passerby seemed to notice their commotion, jeering at them or the seller in turn. Verin cast his eye around. "Still up for a pint?"

"And maybe some ice for my head," Caleb agreed with a wince. He dropped their Seeming spell, casting an eye over his shoulder at the shopkeeper and grinning broadly as the man's face went ashen with recognition. Verin only laughed, pulling Caleb towards his tavern of choice before he could do any more damage.

"So now that I've mastered all that transmutation has to offer," Essek began, as he swirled his finger in a slow figure eight through the air, a small stream of water following his movements as it gently shifted hues from clear to a soft lavender and back. "Are there any other branches of Empire magic that you think I ought to learn? Perhaps I should put my energy into creating a new dunamantic subdiscipline? Again, that is."

"Yes, ha ha, continue with your witty little jokes," Caleb glanced up from his book to watch Essek's casting. The elf raised an eyebrow at his appraising look, flicking his fingers outwards and sending the water in a spray toward Caleb. Years of practice had taught him not to flinch, and he was vindicated as Essek drew his fingers back into a fist, the shimmering water droplets briefly suspended in the air, frozen, before they were wrenched backwards to pool in liquid form back in Essek's palm. Caleb cleared his throat, looking back down at his book. He pointedly brushed at the page, where Essek had missed a few stray frozen drops that were now beginning to melt on the paper. "...As I was saying. It's important you master control of at least one base element. Technically speaking, we're well past the belief that everything is made up of only four elements but it still helps, I think."

"You are the teacher." Essek was being obvious about his boredom, shunting the stream of water in jagged lines through the air.

"We've established that I am not, in fact," Caleb corrected. He stopped on one page from early in his spellbook with a triumphant sound. "Ah, excellent, okay. So, in light of our previous conversation—"

"—in which we discussed the, ah, differences between dunamancy and Empire magic, I thought that we would only continue to hit a wall should I try and teach you magic how I understand it."

Essek was using both hands to shape the water like a lump of clay now, fingers twitching as the swirling mass was prodded and poked into a decidedly ugly form. Caleb continued. "So, though I have yet to master your gravity-based levitation spell, I believe that if you were to learn the Empire's Levitate spell, it would provide you with an example to contrast against your own practice. Hopefully the comparison will grant you new insight."

"That's interesting," Essek turned to face Caleb fully, looking thoughtful. His boredom had fully gotten the better of him and as he turned the water splashed, forgotten, onto the desk. Caleb winced. They had cleared it off earlier in preparation for their potential casting, but still. What if the wood flooring warped? "I appreciate the workaround. And you said you have this spell?"

"Yes," Caleb handed Essek his spellbook delicately, wary of the water now dripping off the sides of the table. Almost absently, Essek's fingers flickered and the droplets began to fall upwards from the floor, the puddle on the table rippling at the effect but otherwise motionless.

"All told, this is rather rudimentary," Essek hummed as he skimmed the pages.

"We cannot all be dunamantic prodigies who redefine subdisciplines in our chosen field," Caleb scoffed. He leaned over the table, palming a small flame and beginning to turn the puddle to steam. "Some of us must be confined to laying the groundwork and filling in the knowledge gaps."

"Are you staying while I copy this?" Essek ignored his words, glancing up from the book. "There's tea in the kitchen, if you would like. And likely some cupcakes too."

"Cupcakes?" Caleb stared. Beneath his hand, the water began to boil and he hastily shifted his palm as the steam began to burn the tips of his fingers.

"They're a bit sweet," Essek shrugged, looking back down at the page, his finger skimming through the air and absently mimicking the equations while he read. "There are some rarer flavours though. Have you ever had a rasp-berry? They're very good."

"Yes," Caleb said faintly, somewhat bewildered. "They're very common in parts of the Zemni Fields."

"Mm," Essek was reaching for his spellbook now, fully entrenched in the new reading material. The table now dry, he spread his book open upon it with one hand, the other still holding Caleb's own spellbook gingerly. He moved methodically, next fishing for a quill in the small travellers' bag that he had dropped at his feet. Caleb watched on, oddly fascinated by Essek's own fascination with his work. The drow continued. "We can't grow them in Rosohna, and the Menagerie Coast was far too humid, I'm told. Or simply too hot."

"The Menagerie Coast?" Caleb had made to leave, but quickly resettled in his seat, listening intently.

Essek's gaze flicked up from his reading, then looked back down just as fast. "Where I met Jester and Fjord. It's where we started out."

"I can't imagine that was an ideal home for you," Caleb commented wryly. Essek looked up from the book again, frowning over the top of it in question. Caleb gestured vaguely to his own face and back at Essek. "Because, ah, the sun?"

"Oh," Essek set down Caleb's spellbook with careful movements, rubbing absently at his nose and the dusting of white freckles there. Caleb couldn't tell if they were partially bioluminescent or not, and he was somewhat alarmed at how much he wished to know. "Yes. Well. I got by somehow."

"The cupcakes go very well with the green tea," Essek bent low over his spellbook, beginning to take cursory notes already and ignoring Caleb's question pointedly. "The bitterness offsets the sweetness."

Caleb could only laugh at the elf's obvious avoidance, getting up and making his way toward the kitchen. Thankfully, the coast was clear of the rest of the Nein, and he returned triumphant, placing the last raspberry cupcake beside Essek's spellbook on the table and settling back in his chair with tea for himself. If he had any doubts about whether Essek was skimming his book for other spells, they were quickly dismissed with one glance at how far the drow had gotten in copying out the spell before him.

He seemed to have hit a roadblock just then however, brows furrowing as he pulled back slowly, picking at the cupcake. "So, the levitation itself, is it that the target is being altered into a state wherein it is able to levitate?" Caleb said nothing, watching Essek's mind work. He pulled a piece from the cupcake, frowning as he ate it. "Or, no, that doesn't make sense. I suppose the target itself could have its weight transmuted? Or the amount that gravity affects it?"

"Empire magic doesn't deal in gravity much, save for this spell and a small handful of others," Caleb offered. "While it does require a specified target, I see it as the altering of the gravitational field around said target, to make it non-existent or lessened."

"So you do understand gravitational fields," Essek hummed, brightening. He sat up in his seat. "I was beginning to fear you were a lost cause. Alright, so the target is not the true target, but the energy or amount of energy impacting it. I can work with that— Wait," Essek cut himself off, looking down at his hand and the half-eaten cupcake within. "This was for you."

"I brought it back for you," Caleb shrugged. "It was the last in that flavour."

"No, no," Essek protested, breaking the remainder into careful halves. "You said it was of your childhood. I can get these any time from Jester. She has hundreds more, surely."

"Hundreds?" Caleb accepted the mangled cupcake, amused.

"Of varying degrees of freshness, yes," Essek allowed.

Caleb raised his eyebrow and made a show of checking his piece for signs of mold. Essek rolled his eyes, returning to his copying. "So your Levitate spell may target others, then? Fascinating."

"I suppose it could if I tweaked it," Essek said absently, frowning at one part of the Levitate spell, mouthing equations silently between his commentary. After a moment he continued. "It would likely require more energy though. So it seems easier to simply use your magic."

"Empire magic." Caleb corrected. "I am a chronurgist first and foremost."

"And a faithful servant to the Dynasty above all else," Essek's voice was bright with false cheer, and Caleb chose to ignore the jibe. "The difference is that mine is more of an effect. A constant, rather than a spell that requires concentration or to be recast regularly."

"That's interesting," Caleb sipped at his drink thoughtfully with one hand, drawing parchment from his pocket dimension with the other. "How did you get the idea?"

"Experimentation, but I wanted to—" Essek cut himself off, pulling a face. For a moment the room was silent, and Caleb wondered if he ought to say something to fill it. But the drow continued, looking somewhat pained. "It was a new spell. I wanted to show it off, but never quite got the chance to."

Caleb began to scribble out the bare bones of the Levitate spell he already knew, adding marginalia as he wrote in the places where he thought it could be adjusted to align with Essek's. "I'm sure it would have been very impressive."

"It is very impressive," Essek retorted, but his ire seemed to be aimed elsewhere, away from Caleb. "But that's irrelevant now. There's nobody to impress with it."

"It impressed me," Caleb said, drumming his quill on the parchment as he thought about sustained spell effects, and the calculations needed for their upkeep. It took him a moment to realise that the room had gone quiet again, and he looked up to see Essek staring at him. "What?"

"No, it's—" Essek fluttered his hand uselessly. "I apologize for discounting you. I simply wish that much had been different."

"A feeling I know well," Caleb said lightly, and didn't add that that very feeling was why he had fixated so strongly on chronomancy. Why else but the desire to change the past would one take up the practice of altering time? Academic curiosity only went so far, after all.

Essek looked up from his writing, and his gaze was sharp. "How far have you gotten in it, though?"

Essek straightened in his seat, still focused on Caleb. "In altering time."

Caleb stared back at him, and briefly wondered if Essek had cast Detect Thoughts on him. Except such a spell would have been rendered ineffective by his amulet, and he could only watch the drow carefully, trepidation keeping him from looking away.

And then—BANG. The study door slammed open and Caleb jumped in his seat, whipping his head towards the entry as Essek coolly turned in his own chair to take in the figure at the door. "You can knock."

"I was listening at the door for a sec to make sure you weren't, y'know, doing anything," Beauregard said as she sauntered into the room. She looked around, as if checking to see if anything had been disturbed, but Caleb noted how her eyes seemed to slide towards him. Always watching. "Can we talk?"

"Is it pressing?" Essek asked, tapping the spellbook in hand. "I've only just finished copying this."

"You're already finished?" Caleb couldn't help his incredulity, and Essek looked over at him, smug.

"As I said, rudimentary."

"Well," Caleb sniffed, vascillating between odd pride and annoyance—a vestige of jingoism for the Empire and its magic, not yet beaten out of him. "I'll leave you to your conversation, then."

"Yeah, thanks," Beauregard was leaning over the table, staring directly at Essek, who was purposely ignoring her. He folded Caleb's spellbook closed, handing it back to him with no small degree of reverence, and Caleb swept from the room, closing the door behind him. He heard it lock almost immediately after, and didn't hesitate for a second before leaning against the adjoining wall and listening intently. The voices, from what he could hear, were muffled but still audible.

"So, what the fuck are you doing, exactly?"

"What's the issue now, Beau?"

"You know he's using us, right? Or at the very least spying on us? Cad saw his guys trailing us in the market the other day."

"Of course he is. We're a group of defectors, one of which previously defected from this very country. That would be me, if it was unclear."

"Veth told me you're teaching him graviturgy."

"So that's what this is about," Essek sighed, and there was a light thump, like a fist pounding against wood.

"Yeah, that's what this is about! You're like a genius or whatever, and you're just spilling the only advantage we have over either side in this war to the first guy who flaunts his magic at you?"

"Well, there was Yussa," Essek corrected. He sounded more amused than annoyed, and Caleb mentally noted the odd name, to cross-reference against later.

"I didn't want to go into detail, but I made a deal with him in exchange for my teaching him graviturgical basics."

"Yeah, like you don't take every chance to brag about how you could solve any magic thing as long as you have the basics," Beauregard ground out. "The basics is just teaching him the foundations in order to do everything else. And what do you mean, a deal?"

"I asked for information on my mother."

"Oh for fuck's sake—"

"Why are you so angry about this, Beau?" Essek's voice had dropped into something softer, more careful.

Beauregard let out an explosive sigh. There was a pause, and then she spoke again, soft enough that Caleb had to lean in just slightly to hear. "I'm just worried. I still don't trust him, and I don't think you should either. He's not actually gonna tell you anything about your mom, dude."

"We'll see," Essek replied, and that easy tone of his was back. Caleb tried to not feel sick.

"Why would he? What does he have to gain?"

Essek made a thoughtful sound. "I think he is offering me—us—aid at a cost to his own professional status," he pointed out. Beauregard scoffed, but he continued, talking over her. "He is already precariously positioned due to his being human. To offer his magic to an exiled drow is no small thing. He offered that freely, before he even knew about the extent of my own capabilities. He doesn't seem to be a zealot like the rest, so we can assume that he did not do so out of a moral obligation to the Luxon. Which leaves us with the obvious: that, at the very least, he wishes to see us succeed in our endeavours, with the belief that we will remain allies of the Dynasty."

"Right, but if we ever need to cut and run, we'll have left the Dynasty with information on the one thing they want the most—second only to more Beacons."

"No," Essek replied, and his voice was ironclad. "We will have left Caleb with that information."

"So you don't think, if it came down to it, that he'd hand over whatever you've taught him to the BQ?" Beauregard's voice had risen slightly in pitch, incredulous. "Are you that naïve?"

"I have faith, and I do not think it is unfounded," Essek said. Beauregard let out a sharp, humourless laugh.

"Listen, I'm not gonna stand in your way, but I think it's a fuckin' dumb thing to do."

"And you're only doing it because you think he's hot."

"That's unfair,"  Essek cut in, just as Caleb felt his stomach bottom out. He forced himself to keep listening. "Who are you to lecture me about these things?"

"I've never tried to get in the pants of someone who turned their back on their home."

Caleb felt nauseous. How much did Beauregard know of his past? She spoke with such authority, as if she knew what he had done, who he had worked under before his mind had broken and come back together and he had found a new home, under a sunless sky. But that had been over a decade ago, under a different name, and Caleb wondered not for the first time just how dangerous this group of mercenaries were.

"Is that what I'm doing?" Essek's voice was scathing, but he never raised it higher than his usual intonation, keeping his obvious anger tightly controlled.

"I don't know, is that what you're doing?"

"Look," he softened, and Caleb heard the creak of wood as one of them, probably Beauregard, moved about the room. "You need to trust me in this, Beauregard.

"I know." Her voice dipped, quietened as she seemed to pace the room. "I know."

"I think he'll surprise us. But even if he doesn't, you know I wouldn't take any risks that I hadn't thought through first. I know the Dynasty, and I can plan my choices around it. Believe it or not, but I think this will help—well, me but the rest of us as well. It can be a step towards redemption, Beau. And I need that."

"Yes, alright, okay, I get it." Beauregard grumbled. The creak of floorboards ceased. "You're the most responsible one, you always have been, blah, blah blah—and you don't need to pull the age card on me too, I know you were about to."

"Well, I am almost a century your senior..."

"Yeah, senior's a good choice of words," she sighed, and they were quiet together for a moment, before—"I still don't trust him, though."

"I agree, it would be foolish to trust him. But I trust that he is taking risks with us and that those risks may make him unpopular in Court. It would make him significantly more popular if he were to simply hang us out to dry, or to rein in our leash. Instead, he's teaching me the magic of his past, knowing that doing so will aid us in our endeavors, whatever they may be. And because of that fact, I am making the educated guess that he does not wish to use us. At least, in the way you fear."

"And you swear that none of this is because you wanna like, have his wizard babies or something?"

"Oh right," Essek hummed, laughter in his voice now. "I forgot to add that I think he's very dashing and that all you would have needed to access my fancy spellbook a few weeks earlier in our travels was a pretty face."

"You don't think I'm pretty?"

"I think you're the prettiest girl I've ever met—don't tell the others—but, well." The scrape of a chair, the thump of a book on a table. "You are, unfortunately, still a girl and thus not quite the kind of pretty I prefer."

"Wait, hold on, so it was because you thought he was pretty—!" Soft footsteps begun to approach the door, but Caleb was already at the other end of the hall, drawing his cloak and mantle about his shoulders as he pointedly peered out the window towards the street. The study door creaked open, and Caleb finished adjusting his robes carefully, looking back toward Essek. The other mage was already stepping to the door, making to pull it open before he suddenly stopped. Caleb held his breath.

Essek's gaze fixated on him for one long, penetrating moment. "Were you listening in on our conversation?"

"No." Caleb raised an eyebrow at the drow. "Why?"

Essek's mouth curled into a smile as he opened the door fully, gesturing towards Caleb's face. "No glasses."

Scheiße. "The light from your tree rather renders them unnecessary."

"Hm," Essek only looked amused as Caleb stepped past him and onto their front stoop. The elf turned to lean against the door, still watching Caleb with that smile. "It's fine. I'm an open book, just as my spellbook is open to you."

"You would characterize yourself as an open book?" Caleb asked.

Essek laughed at that. "Perhaps it is in a language you cannot read."

"There are spells for that," Caleb pointed out.

"Yes," Essek agreed. "There are."

And for the first time Caleb hesitated, there on the steps of the Mighty Nein's home, because he didn't want to leave. Essek's defense of him, no matter how unfounded, felt like something he did not deserve, and he was suddenly overwhelmed at the undeserved trust that the drow had in him. The guilt worked through him, making him want to stay longer, to not return to his own too-quiet mansion, which had an appropriate number of trees growing in appropriate places about the yard, and was sorely lacking entire walls of painted murals, and, yes, wouldn't have anyone in it who he could speak to like this.

That final realization hit him like a ton of bricks, and Caleb knew he was supposed to smile and leave, maybe offer a farewell or a slight wave, even a bow, but instead he was standing there, aware of the milliseconds as they began to draw out into seconds while Caleb didn't move, still facing Essek.

Caleb blinked, and willed the feeling to dispel. "I apologize, my mind ran away from me. It must be the stress of the war, or any number of things."

"I can't imagine we have made things much easier for you either," Essek sympathized. And then, perhaps because he was cruel after all, added, "Would you care to stay for dinner? It might help, or at least take your mind off it all."

Caleb was shaking his head before he was even aware of what he was doing. "Nein, no, I must go. Perhaps next time."

"I'll hold you to that," Essek straightened in the doorway, his smile soft and hazy, lit by the flickering blue of the arcane flames within the mansion.

Caleb only nodded mutely, turning around and making his way into the Rosohna streets. He didn't look back, only ducked into the first alley he could find to cast a hasty Teleport back to his own abode, trying to ignore the deafening silence that filled the space, and failing.

In truth, Caleb should have known that the Mighty Nein would make some kind of unmerciful request of him. He was surprised that it had taken them this long, if he was being honest with himself. And the fact that it came in the form of a Sending spell sent at some alarming hour in the morning was, well, par for the course.Caleb! The piercing voice of Jester announced as he jerked upright in bed, fingers instinctively readying a flame in hand. She continued: Sorry—Shadowhand! We were wondering if you could take us somewhere quickly? Like a teleport? It would be soooo helpful. Essek says hi! Wait— and the voice cut off. Caleb's palms were pressed to his eyes, half because he was still mostly asleep, and half at the ludicrous message he had just received. He tried to parse the important details, and respond in kind.

"Jester. I know Teleport, yes. I can take your group along, but it is volatile. Let me know what you require, come morning." He paused, but his manners won out in the end, and he added, knowing full well that the man would not hear him, "Hi Essek."

He fell back on his bed, dragging his blanket over himself and pulling it further up to cover his head. He was only just falling back asleep when Jester's voice broke through his stupor once more. Caleb, I am SO sorry. Did I wake you up? Thank you so so much. Also how are you? Good? We're doing okay, but Veth—

Caleb was flat on his back now, staring blindly up at his ceiling. He considered saying nothing, but that felt distinctly cruel, considering the depth of Jester's apology. "It's fine. Please leave me to sleep now, though. I do not know what a Veth is, but I hope it is alright. Good night."

And with that, he rolled over and forced himself to fall asleep.

"We really are very grateful, Mister Shadowhand," Caduceus was saying. Caleb was only half-listening, the other half of his brain trying desperately to make sense of the absurd situation that he had put himself in.

"So you're—" he yawned, covering his mouth a moment too late. "Apologies. You're going where, precisely?"

"The Flotket Alps," Fjord said, after a beat of him studying the map in his hands. He turned it around to show Caleb, who scanned it carefully, committing it to memory. "Specifically Kravaraad."

"I can't say I'm familiar," Caleb frowned. He looked towards the rest of the group. "That may make this more difficult. Aside from the fact that you are asking me to take you to an active volcano."

"It's really very safe," Caduceus soothed, and Caleb frowned.

"Forgive me, I'm not entirely clear on how an active volcano could be safe."

"Well, you just don't go in or get too close," Caduceus smiled, his drooping ears pulling upwards slightly at his words.

"We would truly appreciate this," Essek said, stepping forward and in front of the firbolg. Distantly, Caleb was reminded of their early meetings, when Essek had hid behind his companions. He was impressed, that such a relatively short time would prompt the drow into being more direct and upfront, at least with him. He thought that any of his attempts at combating his own past would have been met with significantly more failures—or worse. 

Caleb looked to Essek. "Do not mistake my hesitance for me reneging on my promise. I intend to teleport you wherever it is the you wish to go, but I only want to emphasize that things could go poorly."

"I'm sure it'll be fine Cay-leb," Jester was rocking back and forth on her heels. "You're like, super powerful right?"

"Well then, we should be fine, right?"

"One can only hope," he agreed, and pulled his spellbook from his Wristpocket, skimming through it briefly to recall the incantation before replacing it. When he glanced up, he frowned at the sight of the Mighty Nein gathered in a circle, clasping hands.

"Ah—" he began, making to explain exactly how the Teleport spell worked, before he felt a hand take his. He glanced down at the lavender palm now in hand, then back up at Essek.

The drow shrugged, amused. "Consider it a good luck charm." 

Caleb hesitated but didn't protest, even when he felt small, tentative fingers grasp at his other hand. He glanced down to his left and felt his chest tighten at the sight of Nott, who blinked back up at him with a smile. "Are we ready to go?"

"Yes," Caleb said, swallowing around the tightness in his throat. He ignored the feeling. "Yes, I think we are."

He looked around the circle at the others before closing his eyes and murmuring the incantation under his breath. In his right hand, he felt Essek's hand squeeze his, and when his eyes opened, he was already wincing at the harsh whiteness that swirled about their little circle.

"You did it!" Jester pulled away first, twirling in place and falling back into the snow, starting in on a snow angel.

"I... did not expect that to work," Caleb said wonderingly. They seemed to have landed in a small caldera of sorts, the side steep but crumbling, and Caleb frowned. There didn't seem to be anywhere of particular note where he could set up a Teleportation Circle, and he resigned himself to using up all of his abilities in this little jaunt. Just then, he felt Nott pull away and he glanced down to his right, where Essek's palm was still warm and slightly calloused in his.

"Very impressive," the drow said, sliding his other hand absently under the collar of his shirt. From beneath it, he drew out the pendant from before, turning it over in hand. He grinned up at Caleb. "We were successfully able to make it work the other day. We did have to go out into the Ghostlands to test it, but it was worth it."

"Truly? But why do you need it now?"

"Needs change," Essek said mysteriously, and pulled his hand from Caleb's—he did not miss the contact, he did not, it was just the loss of warmth—before leaning down towards Nott, who had made her way to his side. "Don't you dare lose it."

"The very fact that you think I might is quite hurtful," the goblin said primly. Essek snorted, but reached down to work at something on his hand. Caleb realised that it was a ring, silver in colour and engraved with a half-moon that entwined with a radiant sun to form a full circle. Essek placed it delicately in Nott's palm, and Caleb wondered if he should look away. The moment felt oddly intimate, there in the middle of a blustery snowstorm with Essek's small, soft smile.

Except had he been looking away, he would have missed as the goblin slid the ring onto her finger—somehow a perfect fit—and suddenly she was not a goblin, but a halfling. She stretched in place, now slightly taller, her skin a deep brown with thick, glossy black hair. Her clothes were the same, and Caleb realised belatedly that they fit her new self perfectly; she must have known she was going to change form.

Essek straightened, smiling down at Nott. "You look beautiful. You looked beautiful before, but I must say, this form suits you much better."

"It does, doesn't it?" She asked, haltingly. She stretched her arms out, studying her new form with undisguised delight. "I wish we didn't have to be bundled up right now, I want to see myself."

"You'll have plenty of time for that later," Essek assured her. "Besides, we should be safe with the Dusts soon, right?"

And that was when Caleb heard it. Behind them, on a rocky ledge, the clatter of pebbles. He whirled around to see nothing, but caught Caduceus' eye. The firbolg narrowed his gaze, nodding back at Caleb in silent recognition before he reached down to pull Jester carefully into a standing position. "We've got company."

"What do you mean—" Beauregard began, just as a blurry shape flung itself toward the group from behind that same ledge, torpedoing straight at Fjord with a flurry of arms and claws and snapping mouths. "Oh, fuck!"

"That's really gross, you guys!" Jester was backing up behind Caduceus, her hands fluttering about in a way that looked suspiciously more like a... sensitive outline than an actual somatic gesture.

Caleb was more concerned about the half-orc, Fjord, who was ducking and dodging the creature's flailing arms. It was letting out a chorus of wails from its multitude of mouths, and as Fjord tried to cover one ear, Caleb watched as a claw shot out from over its back, raking down his front. The half-orc let out a cry, opening up his flank for a clear deadly hit, before Caduceus' voice called out from across the caldera, his eyes flashing a bright green. "No!"

And the creature's blow twisted, scraping at the half-orc's neck instead with a glancing scratch. Caleb didn't have time to boggle at the spectacle, stumbling backwards and dragging the knuckle of his forefinger across his opposing palm as the obsidian set into one of his many rings glowed a bright, luminous violet and his Resonant Echo pulled from his body, readying itself in a defensive stance as Caleb kept moving backwards. He looked warily around, and caught sight of Essek as the drow threw his hand out towards Beauregard. The human was racing towards the creature, angling her quarterstaff and, right as she plunged it into the snow to vault up and at the beast, Essek released his spell. There was a shimmer and a twist to the air around Beauregard, a lilac warping of her form as she seemed to blur and hasten, her fists clashing into the monster's flank in a rapid series of blows.

Carefully, Caleb nudged his Echo away from himself, angling it purposefully in a more strategic position as he watched Caduceus slam his staff to the earth, rippling divine energy rolling off him and seeming to embolden several of his companions. Behind him, Jester had completed her spell and Caleb watched as an enormous lollipop burst into existence, its edges bladed with sharp, jutting spikes. She grinned sweetly and gripped its handle, letting out a cry as she flung herself forward towards the creature.

Essek had pulled back, closer to Caleb at the back, and was scanning the field before him, calling out, "I think it's a troll, so fire and acid are ideal, Veth."

And Caleb wasn't entirely sure what a Veth was, but heard a cackling laugh from somewhere to his left as a series of bolts flung inches past his ear and embedded deep within the troll. Fjord, who had scrambled free of its attacks when Beauregard had hit it a third time, narrowly missed being hit by the bolt. Which was a good thing for multiple reasons, not the least of which being that only seconds later, the two bolts exploded in a burst of sickly green ooze, a sharp chemical smell filling the space. Nott's voice chirped from somewhere on his right now, "Thanks, Essie!"

Caleb wondered vaguely how, exactly, he had managed to end up in combat with this odd group of misfits, and surveyed the field briefly before twisting his hands in a wide, sweeping gesture. From across the caldera, he watched his Echo mirror his movements, and to his right, he thought he saw Essek straighten up in recognition, voice high and panicky as he called out, "Beau, watch out!"

The Pulse Wave flung out from his Echo, and Caleb grimaced as it caught the edge of Beauregard's form. From across the way he could see her wince but hold strong and, as he had predicted, lash out at the troll as it was pushed past her area of reach. Even injured as she was, she still pummeled at its side with vicious abandon, only backing off when it moved out of reach and into Caleb's radius. He couldn't help the grin as he flung his other arm out, fingers splayed wide until its heads twisted and met his gaze, eyes narrowing in vicious anger.

And then Caleb closed his fist and it was gone.

"Where did it go?" Jester cried, having stepped back to Caduceus' side as Fjord scrambled to his feet.

To his right, Essek was staring at him, but his expression was one of anger, and had Caleb not been concentrating fiercely on his spell, he might have wondered at why. Even through his anger, he still called out to the group, "Caleb shunted the troll for a moment. Take position, it'll be back in a few seconds."

The Nein quickly pivoted and arranged themselves as Caleb drew further backwards. Essek joined him, positioning himself at the back and preparing a spell that Caleb didn't recognize. He spoke, voice hard and just loud enough over the whistling wind for Caleb to hear. "Your fire magic would be of great help right about now."

"If you have some kind of issue with me, Essek, perhaps spit it out now, or wait until after this impromptu battle." Caleb retorted, and he could feel Essek's glare boring into him as his Temporal Shunt ended and the troll reappeared. Around him, the Nein let loose a flurry of spells and attacks on the creature, who let out a wailing screech from its place at the centre of the caldera. It twisted about in place and its eyes landed on Caleb again, just as he remembered that, unlike the Banishment spell, with Temporal Shunt the target did not recall being sent away. Which meant that its last target had been him. "Sheiße."

He didn't waste a second more on thought, Essek's words ringing in his head as he grit his teeth and dragged components from his pocket that he hadn't used in over a decade. His hands moved almost of their own accord, and the vindication that Caleb felt—that he had prepared this spell every day since he had rediscovered his mind, all those years ago while staring into the Luxon's light—was second to the thrumming power that wound through every inch of himself as he whipped a swirling, storming Fireball towards the troll. The pounding rush of blood in his ears was louder than the commotion of battle around him, drowning out everything else, save for the lone, high scream of Beauregard as she scrambled out of the path of the Fireball, still taking a few stray licks of burning, flaring energy. Her single, piercing yell rang in his head, and the rush of adrenaline was sapped from him as quickly as it had come, leaving him frozen in place.

"Caleb, watch out!" Essek's words were distant, ringing out all around him in a shimmery, shifting tone. Before him, the massive troll loomed and Caleb could only look up at it calmly, unable to move, mind detached from body as he stared down at himself, watching the troll begin to tear into him with vicious ease. He watched himself fall, even as Caduceus and Essek raced to his side, the spell that Essek had been holding now ripping from his palm with a fierce scream. Neon lavender energy exploded into a sphere around his body, enveloping Caduceus, Essek, and himself, and sending the troll flinging backwards in a warping, muted crash. It appeared dead, but Nott leapt down from wherever she had been perched to launch a series of red-hot arrows into its body. The troll convulsed and then lay still once more, oozing thick green slime into the sizzling snow.

"Is he alright?" Essek asked, and Caleb wondered how he could hear the words. They were muted and distant, yet somehow whispered and close. Except Caleb was distracted just then by the smell of smoke on the horizon, or was it all in his mind? "Caduceus, is he going to be okay?"

"Yes, yes, I'll have him up in a second," Caduceus' voice seemed to fade in and out as he began to slowly run his hand over Caleb's form, fingers eventually settling over his heart. "Those spells he cast—"

"I know," Essek spat, and Caleb would have wondered at the vitriol in his voice, if he could have wondered at all.

"Go easy on him," Caduceus said softly. "I don't think he's used to being a team player."

"Then he'll learn."

"Hm," Caduceus lowered the point of his staff to press lightly at Caleb's forehead. "You know, I think you're right. Oh, there we go. Here he is."

And then Caleb was back. He blinked, vision blurred but clearing rapidly as Essek and Caduceus' faces came into sharp focus. Caduceus was smiling widely down at him, a serene look offset by Essek's narrowed grimace. He exhaled slowly, and then Essek was standing and storming away leaving only Caduceus, still smiling but now with ears that drooped low. "How are you?"

"Worse than I've been in years," Caleb replied, and began to struggle to sit up. He was only slightly embarassed at needing Caduceus' aid to do so, glancing around the caldera slowly. Much of the group seemed to be clustered around Beauregard, save for Nott, who was poking the troll with a crossbow bolt, seemingly searching for something of use. Caleb ducked his head, mind ringing at the effort of recollecting the last few minutes. He looked to Caduceus, who was still crouching at his side, though he was watching the small cluster of his companions with concern. "You can go to them if you wish. I can manage now that you've, ah, brought me back."

"No, no," Caduceus looked back at Caleb, frowning. "Mister Shadowhand, perhaps it isn't my place, but have you ever travelled with a group before?"

"In small parties for protection," Caleb replied. "Why?"

"Hm," Caduceus frowned further, looking down and then back up at his companions. Caleb followed his gaze, catching sight of Essek, bent at Beauregard's side but whose eyes were fixed on him with a sharp, angry glare. Oh.

"Is he angry that I hurt your friend?" Caleb asked, turning back to the cleric.

"I think he's angry about a lot of things," Caduceus replied, standing slowly. He looked down at Caleb with a rueful smile, holding out a hand to help him up. "But that is certainly one of them, yes."

Caleb held his tongue as he was hoisted up by the firbolg, though his annoyance simmered low and hot in his gut. He pushed it down, away, and looked about the caldera. "I'm afraid I may not be able to Teleport back at the moment. Did you have somewhere specific where you were planning to rest?"

"Oh, there's bound to be a cave around here somewhere," Caduceus smiled brightly, and before Caleb could reply, he began to amble over to the others, leaving Caleb alone and cold.

As it turned out, nobody knew of a cave nearby, which felt par for the course. Caleb stayed farther back, still discomfited by the idea of getting too close—both literally and figuratively. Briefly, he considered Sending to Verin, who he knew could pull some strings and Teleport him away, but he wasn't entirely sure he wished to push his luck with Essek just then, and he was still unclear about the brothers' relationship. So he palmed a small flame and set about burning the troll's corpse, careful to control the smoke so is it dissipated quickly. He oddly appreciated how mangled and oozing green it was, inhuman enough to not raise memories that he wished to keep buried down deep, especially after he had already fallen under the thrall of weakness when Beauregard had gotten hit.

He was about halfway through the project and beginning to get used to the smell of charred troll flesh when he heard the crunch of snow behind him. He turned to see Fjord, who was stumbling his way through the snowbank and trying to follow Caleb's own footsteps, but failing. "Hey."

"So, uh," Fjord gave up, feet splayed halfway between two footprints in the snow as he spread his arms for balance. "Jester talked to her god and she found a nearby cave. Cad said you couldn't Teleport?"

"Not presently," Caleb admitted. "I'd need a Teleportation Circle, and to be honest, I don't feel entirely safe hunting for one right now."

"Yeah, you did get kinda fucked up," Fjord agreed. He paused. "I think we were all gonna just sleep if you, um, wanted to join? It'll be safer in a group."

"Do the rest of your companions wish for me to be there?" Caleb asked, and tried to keep the judgement from his voice.

Fjord looked away, awkward but not deceptive. He seemed genuinely unsure how to navigate this conversation and Caleb smiled. He thought they must have been quite similar in age all told, though he guessed that perhaps he had been made to grow up much faster than this strangely-accented half-orc. He threw him a lifeline. "You need not disclose any of the conversations you've had. And believe me when I tell you that I've heard and dealt with worse things being said about me."

"Yeah, I can imagine," Fjord lowered his arms, seeming to have found a position that didn't leave him flailing.

"If you don't want me to stay, I'll take an hour or so to rest and then set out." Caleb hesitated, then flung a Firebolt at the troll behind him, well and truly destroying it. He turned back towards Fjord, who was watching him with an odd expression. Caleb only moved past him, heading to join the rest of the group.

The cave, as it turned out, was the troll's den. Which felt fitting, all told. Caleb peered about as he entered, holding the flame up to the low ceiling and inspecting the walls as he searched for a space dry enough for his chalks to work. Every inch of the den seemed to be covered in some kind of slime, of varying amounts ranging from a thin sheen to a thick sludge. The sludge mostly coated the ground, and Essek stepped up beside Caleb with a raised eyebrow. Caleb looked over at him, noting with amusement that the drow was floating an inch above the ooze at their feet, though Essek didn't acknowledge his look. He turned back to the rest of the Nein. "I can cast the dome a bit past the entrance, unless someone wishes to venture deeper in?"

"I need to find a space to cast my Teleportation Circle," Caleb chipped in, mainly to force Essek's acknowledgement.

The drow glanced back at him but addressed the group at large when he spoke. "Do the rest of you want to wait?"

"Can you get rid of any of this, uh—" Nott began, waving about her feet, which were engulfed in the mess.

Essek sighed. "Half the members of our group know the Control Water spell, just melt some snow and clear off the floor. My Echo can hold the dome until I'm back."

"See, this is why we bring him along," Beauregard jabbed Essek in the ribs and he winced, lifting his hands to both bat away the monk's quick, prodding fingers and to cast his Resonant Echo. Caleb watched on, fascinated as Essek's Echo formed and rapidly began to move its hands in the somatic gesture for a Tiny Hut. The domed shape swelled out from the Echo, and Caleb watched Essek's hands snap together, his fingers twisting and interlocking as the Echo shifted, shuddered, and froze in place, the dome made stable by the Echo, which itself had been fixed in time by Essek's magic.

Essek dropped his hands, turning back to face Caleb. "Shall we?"

Caleb nodded mutely as Essek moved deeper into the cave. He glanced back briefly, just as the rest of the Nein piled into the Hut, chattering to the Echo as if it was an old friend. It didn't respond but they didn't seem to mind, and Caleb turned to follow Essek.

Lighting the flame in hand, Caleb had to race to catch up to the drow, whose movement was unimpeded by the slimy ground beneath Caleb's feet. The cave, too, wound and twisted oddly, and Caleb only made it to Essek's side once they were at least a hundred feet inside. The drow still wasn't acknowledging him, and Caleb was starting to feel annoyed by the theatrics. "It is after the battle."

"Excellent assessment of time, chronomancer." Essek tilted his head up to look at the dripping ceiling. He grimaced.

"I told you that if you had an issue with me, to bring it up afterwards."

"Are we children, Essek?" Caleb asked, and he drew to a stop, reaching out to grasp at Essek's sleeve with his free hand. "What is wrong with you?"

"What's wrong with me?" Essek snapped, tearing his arm from Caleb's grip sharply as he pivoted to face him. "What's wrong with you?"

"I do not know, but doubtless you will inform me," Caleb crossed his arms, watching Essek and waiting, the firelight dimming.

The drow grit his teeth. "Today. Your spells injured Beau. Quite a bit."

"You did that on purpose."

"My intent was to end the fight as soon as possible," Caleb retorted flatly. "I did not intend for Beauregard to end up in the crossfire, but guessed that she would be hardy enough to endure it."

"That's not the point!" Essek cried, and for a moment they both froze, waiting to hear if Essek's voice had carried into the ears of any unwanted creatures further in. After a long moment, they deemed the coast clear and Essek dropped his voice into a sharp hiss. "You do not hurt your allies in battle. Especially if there are other options."

"Even if them getting injured means that your opponent will fall sooner?" Caleb was skeptical.

"Especially then," Essek countered sharply. "It's arrogance to believe that you can predict the rhythms of a fight, or take on your opponent singlehandedly when we travel as a group."

"So if that battle had been prolonged and another of your companions fell or, Light forbid, multiple of your companions, that would be the preferable scenario to you than a bit of friendly fire that ended a fight sooner?" Caleb's frustration was surely unmissable at this point, and he could recognize an unproductive conversation from a mile away, but somehow knew that he wouldn't be able to escape this one so easily.

"Yes," Essek returned firmly. "You work with your allies, never against them."

"Alright, I shall endeavour to keep such advice in mind," Caleb scanned Essek briefly, noting the tense line of his form. "That's not the true issue, though. I thought we agreed we had moved past excuses in our dealings?"

"Our dealings," Essek scoffed, staring up at the ceiling again. He let out a slow exhale, then looked back at Caleb. "I... It was clarifying. To see your actions today. It's true what you said, that fighting alongside someone is the ideal vetting system. And as much as your actions point to a side of you that I think I willfully did not see, I—" Essek cut himself off, his expression tightening briefly before he looked away. "You almost died at the behest of an errand we asked of you. And that would have been a heavy burden to carry indeed."

Before Caleb could speak, Essek was already turning back around and heading further into the cavern, though his pace seemed slower, enough so that Caleb could keep up. They made their way like that for a few more minutes, searching fruitlessly for some surface untouched by the troll's slime. Caleb slowed just as they rounded a sharp turn into a slightly larger opening. He made to search the space carefully, even while he knew they would find nothing; but it gave him the chance to speak to Essek without having to look at him. With only a small firelight to see by, and in a voice soft enough that it could only have carried in the echoing cave they were in, he spoke. "There is much you don't know about me either."

"If you think of me as selfish, I won't deny it. But it is a selfishness bred from years of desperation and fighting for myself. Years of being the only one who would fight for me."

"That doesn't excuse—"

"I know it does not," Caleb bit out, and he flexed his free hand carefully, running through spell equations and components in his mind until he pushed past the urge to scratch at his arms. It was a sign of weakness, and he had already been so very weak today. "But I have had little reason or opportunity to grow in this regard. Perhaps this is yet another thing I can learn from you."

"A lesson I would be glad to teach."  There was silence for a moment then, and Caleb wondered at what it meant that the most vulnerable he had been in years was with Essek, of all people. He stared at the slime-coated wall before him, and thought that perhaps this was a low point in his life. It didn't help.

He was about to stop pretending he was still searching when he felt a touch against his shoulder. Turning, he saw Essek standing close behind him, his expression tightly controlled into something approaching neutral. The drow blinked in the bright light, and Caleb lessened its flare until it was little brighter than a candle. "Are you alright, though?"

"Oh," Caleb blinked, and considered the question. "Yes. I... had faith that even if I were to fall, one of your companions would find a way to bring me back. Or, at least, return me to Den Thelyss."

"But we are nowhere near a Beacon," Essek protested, and Caleb stared back at the drow, mind racing to keep up with the dawning realisation that he was having at Essek's inner turmoil.

"Essek," Caleb hesitated, and thought about his next words. He weighed them thoughtfully, balancing out the pros and cons and eventually pushing past them all with the singular realization that he was cold and hungry and the man standing before him wasn't going to let this particular issue slide until he knew Caleb's secret. And besides, half the Dynasty probably knew the truth already, while the other half could have guessed at it easily enough. He reached up to grip at Essek's arm with his other hand, a light touch that circled the drow's skinny wrist. "I'm not consecuted."

"What?" Essek's eyes went wide.

"I hardly think it would have been appropriate," Caleb gave him a self-deprecating smile. "But in all honesty, I simply have never asked and they have never offered."

"But you're the Shadowhand," Essek protested, and Caleb was unashamed at the ego boost he received from how irate Essek was becoming on his behalf.

Caleb gave a one-armed shrug. "I have always seen my lifetime for what it is. I have no qualms about not having it extended beyond what was promised me. I only hope I can achieve what I wish to do in that time."

"But it's so—" Essek cut himself off, looking pained.

"Short?" Caleb offered. "Insignificant?"

"The former," Essek's hand twisted and came to twine with Caleb's, though the drow seemed almost unaware that he was doing it. He stared at the ground, shaking his head slowly. "It's criminal, the way they act. I only wish—ah. I wish it could be reformed. Bettered."

"I wish the same for the Empire," Caleb said lightly. "I still believe in that wish, too. It's never too late."

"Hm," Essek sighed and looked back up at Caleb. "Sometimes I wonder if that is true."

"Well," Caleb was beginning to feel distinctly heretical, and he gestured vaguely about the cavern with the hand that still held Essek's. "We won't be reforming anything in here, hm? Shall we rejoin the others?"

"What about your Circle?" Essek asked, though he was already beginning to drift towards the direction they entered from. He slowed enough for Caleb to keep pace, but selfishly Caleb found he rather enjoyed trailing Essek, who led him through the winding paths carefully by hand.

"I can hardly draw it anywhere in here," Caleb pointed out, and Essek snorted. "And I should be able to Teleport after I rest. Assuming your companions allow me within your Hut."

"No promises," Essek replied with a sniff. A moment later he amended, "But it was mostly my own, ah, distrust. I'm sure they'll be fine with one night."

"Ah, the truth comes out."

"It was with reason," Essek protested.

"I would not dare deny that."

Essek led them the rest of the way back, until they spotted the faint glow of Caduceus' staff around the corner. Essek peered around the rock and let out a sharp laugh as Caleb extinguished his own light. He stepped up beside Essek and frowned at the vision before him, of a pile of sleeping adventurers, hidden only slightly by the grey tint of the Hut's outer shell. Essek shot him a look. "I suppose they have no qualms."

"This does feel somewhat unscrupulous. To not warn them of my staying."

"If you're truly concerned, you may depart as early as you wish," Essek pointed out as he dropped Caleb's hand with a light squeeze, ducking low to slip inside the Hut. He glanced back just before entering, and his familiar smug look was back. "Or be brave and stick around. You can face your fears, Shadowhand."

Caleb raised an eyebrow as Essek only grinned, ducking inside the dome. And he hesitated only a moment before following him inside.

For all Essek's theatrics, he was quiet inside the dome, and oddly mellow. It was a stark contrast to the self that Caleb had become so familiar with, and he made sure to keep out of the way, pressed against the wall of the dome as Essek floated about, careful not to disturb his friends. The first thing he did was reach towards the Echo, pressing a light thumb to the centre of its shadowy head, and Caleb watched as a purple light flickered and flowed out from that point of contact, into the Echo's form and filling it with veinlike lines. The dome around him shuddered and rippled, but held strong as the Echo dissipated, and had Caleb not been as exhausted as he was, he would have been taking notes already. The drow eventually settled back atop his bedroll, which he had unfurled beside Caleb. He didn't say anything, only making himself comfortable and crossing his arms over folded knees, surveying the space around them in a silent vigil.

Caleb, who wished desperately to sleep but dually didn't want to waste this moment, broke the silence. "You were only just able to make your pendant work?"

"Your pendant," Caleb tugged at the chain around his own neck, though he didn't dare reveal its form.

"Oh. Yes, we took a day trip into the Ghostlands."

"Hmm," Caleb tried not to sound disgusted, but Essek laughed lowly.

"It reminded me of why I so rarely went when I lived here. As it turns out, there are many reasons."

"Indeed." Caleb brushed a stray patch of slime from his robes. "But you said you lived on the coast for some time?"

"Why are you doing this?" Essek's voice betrayed his onset of annoyance, and Caleb looked over at him. The drow was frowning heavily, and Caleb made the educated leap that this was, perhaps, one of the few topics that he did not wish to discuss—at least, with Caleb.

"This," Essek gestured vaguely at Caleb, face pinched before he turned to stare ahead, bundling himself up further and wrapping his arms about his knees. "This poking and prodding and perusing into my history. Is it not enough to simply allow me my secrets?"

"You know what I do," Caleb said. "You know this is in my nature."

"I cannot speak to your nature, but you forget that I know all too well what you do," Essek scoffed. "I know what you are asked to do and, more importantly, what you are not asked to do, but what is still expected of you. But this, this questioning, is not under your purview."

"Who are you to decide that?"

"I wouldn't flatter myself by saying that I decided it, but were I such a threat to the Bright Queen that she would require a full compendium on my whereabouts for the last few decades, I highly doubt that I would be permitted to walk about Rosohna as a free man. No, this is not something she requested."

"Is it not enough to do this for my own reasons?" Caleb asked, and Essek pulled a face as he glared into the middle distance.

"What possible reasons?"

"Interest in your past," Caleb stared at Essek's profile. "Interest in you."

The drow's ears twitched down, and his eyes flicked towards Caleb, even while the rest of him didn't move. "Of what interest am I to the great Shadowhand of the Kryn Dynasty?"

"Of great interest," Caleb said.

"Hmm," Essek seemed to burrow deeper into himself, ducking his head so only his luminous violet eyes were visible above his knees. In the darkness, Caleb thought that he could see Essek's freckles glowing faintly. Counter to his air of discontent though, Essek's ears flicked up in response to Caleb's words. He thought it was perhaps common courtesy to not mention it, cute as it was. "You are a strange one, Shadowhand."

"Caleb." He corrected, more amused than annoyed at this point. "You've used it a few times, you know?"

"Oh, are we picking apart each other's speech patterns now?" Essek asked, and Caleb huffed a laugh. "You slip into Zemnian when you are made off-kilter."

"I know," Caleb tilted his head back to lean against the dome wall. "I've spent a decade trying to rid myself of the habit. I doubt I could even speak it conversationally any longer, but it still slips out sometimes." He tipped his head to look at Essek in profile. "But you're avoiding my question."

"Was there a question?"

"Statement, then. You may use my name."

"You certainly use mine enough."

"I don't have anything else to call you," Caleb protested, though he said it softly, as if he could avoid hurting Essek with his words if they were just said in the right way.

There was a long pause then, a stretching silence that didn't quite feel tense, but which thrummed with words unspoken. Caleb continued to watch Essek, whose eyes never strayed from the slow scan he did of the space around them. He watched for so long that he began to feel the pull of sleep, shifting against the wall of the dome so that he was more comfortable, his mind drifting to other times long past when he was forced to sleep in whatever hovel or back alley was available to him. He pulled his robes about his body more closely, and thought that this was much nicer than all those nights all those years ago. Certainly better company.

"You should sleep," Essek's voice was soft, quiet, and if Caleb hadn't been half-asleep already, he would have protested the command. Instead, he merely allowed Essek's voice to wash over him, and the last thing he heard before rest overtook him was that quiet voice adding, "Caleb."

And then sleep took him.

The problem, which Caleb was rapidly coming to see as an actual problem, was that his being charged with the handling of the Mighty Nein meant that he actually had to, well, report to them. Regularly. Which meant talking to them. Regularly.He had considered Sending to them multiple times, but had long since resigned himself to the fact that few important conversations could be held through magical means, and there was, begrudgingly, a certain level of trust that needed to be cultivated by his stopping by their home in person. Which left the unpleasant reality of Caleb standing outside the Mighty Nein's abode, getting rained on while he knocked on their door at the purposefully planned time of 12:17 in the evening.

He heard the quiet sounds of movement within, and reflected on his choices. Admittedly, it was cowardice that had him knocking at the door at such a late hour, but he specifically wished to avoid having to speak with any other member of the Nein aside from Essek. He had gotten somewhat used to elven sleep patterns in his decade or so with the Dynasty, and felt safe in the assumption that Essek would be awake at this hour, and that his companions would likely be asleep or, at worst, still unwilling to answer the door. It was a flawless plan—he'd ask after their goings-on, update him on the Dynasty's efforts in tracking new Beacons, and then perhaps they would spend some time talking about other topics. Anything less dire, ideally. Maybe the weather, which was currently making itself known by seeping into Caleb's clothes.

Truly, were his plan to work, Caleb was entirely willing to spend the rest of his acquaintance with the Mighty Nein solely using Essek as a buffer. It would be significantly easier to risk having to open himself up to one other person rather than, Light save him, seven, and that didn't account for the simmering hatred that Beauregard seemed to direct towards him every time they met—a hatred that was, perhaps now, not entirely undeserved. Nevertheless, as Caleb heard the lock click and the door begin to open, he straightened his spine and smiled charmingly, awaiting what he expected would be a mostly pain-free experience.

"What the fuck?" Beauregard said as she jerked to a stop, openly bewildered and half-hidden behind the half-opened door. "What are you doing here?"

"Ah," Caleb began. This changed things. "I was looking to update you and yours on the Dynasty, and to check in."

"12:19," Caleb corrected. "And I admittedly was unsure if anyone would be awake. But I promised the Bright Queen to keep our allies up to date regularly on our war efforts, and I wished to make sure you did not require anything from us—from me."

"Huh," Beauregard stared back at him for a moment, her eyes drifting up to the rain. "Essek can keep the rain off us with dunamancy. S'pose you can't do that trick?"

"That sounds like graviturgy, which I have yet to master," Caleb replied, trying for rueful but hoping that, at the very least, he didn't sound as annoyed as he was.

"Hm," Beauregard appraised him once more and then, seeming to have made up her mind, stepped back and turned to head inside. Cautiously, Caleb followed and closed the door behind himself, wiping his boots on the mat and looking about for his hostess. She had apparently disappeared, but Caleb followed the trail of the only sconces that were lit and eventually found himself in the kitchen. Beauregard was sitting on the counter, eating what looked like a bowl of peanut butter with a spoon. Hesitantly, Caleb leaned against the opposing counter which split the space, feeling oddly relieved that she didn't offer him any of her midnight snack.

He also realised, after a somewhat embarassing amount of time had passed, that she was waiting for him to speak. "We're still tracking one Beacon that we believe to be in the Empire's hands, though I have little that I can update you on in regards to their location," Caleb began, and Beauregard only nodded along to his words, looking thoughtful. "I trust you do not need me to keep you up to speed on the war efforts, but there have been very few major clashes recently. It bodes well, I think."

Caleb paused, waiting for some kind of reaction and receiving only a blank look. "Was there anything specific that you wished to update me on?"

"Alright." Caleb paused, and felt the tension in the room stretch and simmer, leaving him on uneven footing. "Was there anything you wished to ask of me, then?"

Beauregard eyed him contemplatively. "Really?"

"If you did have questions for me, I will try and answer them best that I can," Caleb said slowly. He wondered what, precisely, he was getting into.

Beauregard took another bite of peanut butter and chewed thoughtfully. "What's your deal, then?"

"Yeah, like," she waved her hand about her vaguely before holding it out, beginning to count off points on her fingers one by one. "You come to our house for a check-in at midnight acting all weird an' shit. You try and rip me a new one with a Fireball that definitely isn't dunamancy. You steal away with Essek like, any chance you get, which is fine, but you don't seem to like the rest of us all that much." She shrugged, but Caleb could see the lines of tension and distrust in her gaze. "What's your deal? Because it feels pretty suspect, man."

"Much of my work is done in the shadows, I do not have to explain what I do to you," Caleb replied flatly, and he knew it was the wrong thing to say, but he felt the thrum of anxiety overriding his waking thought, and he felt the phantom pinpricks of pain along his arms as Beauregard's eyes narrowed.

"You're an Empire human hiding away in the Dynasty."

"I am of the Dynasty," Caleb ground out.

"That's not what Trent Ikithon said."

And Caleb froze. Around him, time seemed to slow and his vision seemed to narrow to a point. Erratic panic began to overcrowd the equations and spells that he recited in his mind. Were the Mighty Nein aligned with Trent? And if so, how could he have missed such a crucial connection between the two? Briefly, hysterically, Caleb thought of how Essek had stood so strong and determined against the Dynasty that day in Court, and wondered at how much of his words were simply an act. At that thought, Caleb could feel the desire to turn and leave and run and run and run and—

Beauregard frowned, putting aside her bowl and sliding down off the counter. She shifted about, purposely trying to catch Caleb's gaze, and when she did, staring him down and holding his attention. "Hey, tell me if this is too much."

She reached out, dropping a careful hand to his shoulder, and Caleb knew distantly that he flinched. But the touch was also grounding the longer she kept it there, and he felt himself struggling against the whelm of fear and crushing it, pummeling it down deep inside. He let out a slow, shuddering breath as Beauregard pulled her hand away, hesitating for only a moment before she shifted back up onto the counter. She raised a single eyebrow at him, and Caleb knew that this was going to be a long night. "I apologize for that."

"Don't." She replied sharply. She paused, relented, "I think an explanation is in order, but clearly you have some shit that you have not dealt with, and that's fine. I don't need your whole backstory, but a few answers might help."

"Then you'll get them," Caleb sighed, leaning heavily against the counter. "Ask what you wish to know. I cannot promise complete answers, but I can promise honesty. As much as I am able to give."

"Yes." Caleb dipped his head, and awaited his trial.

"Hmm," Beauregard took another bite of peanut butter, rolling it around in her mouth as she contemplated. "How did you come to Rosohna?"

"Literally speaking? I walked." Caleb grimaced, and found that the memories of those months were enough to shake him free of his earlier lapse. "But I once studied under Trent Ikithon. And when I left his tutelage, I found myself with little love for the Empire. The Dynasty offered me refuge in exchange for information."

"So you really did betray the Empire?" Beauregard looked surprised, and more than a little impressed.

"I betrayed Trent Ikithon and the Cerberus Assembly," Caleb bit out, watching Beauregard for her reaction. She seemed neither angry nor upset, so he continued. "And was happy to do so. In my eyes, they are not the Empire."

"What information was worth your safety?" Beauregard asked, mostly to herself, but Caleb couldn't help his bitter laugh.

"It was about the Beacon." He looked up at her. "Your Beacon. My Beacon. The Dynasty's Beacon."

"Oh shit," Beauregard took her final bite of peanut butter, scraping the bowl clean slowly as she put it aside, seemingly collecting herself as she mulled over Caleb's words. "Okay. I don't suppose you'd tell me how you knew about it?"

"Where I was in the interim, after... leaving Trent's eye. It was there, and I stumbled upon it."

Beauregard watched him for a moment, and seemed to glean his discomfort in discussing that time. She moved on. "So, you studied under Trent, something happened, you ended up somewhere with a Beacon and then came to the Dynasty."

Caleb smiled without humour. "You are rather missing some of the most important parts, but I do not feel entirely like elaborating. So yes."

"But the magic you know," Beauregard prompted. "I mean, you seem to have a fairly good grip on Empire magic."

"Ah," Caleb said. He hesitated. "Yes. I wanted to apologize for that. For... my actions in that fight. I have been reliably informed that it wasn't very sportsmanlike, and I shall endeavour to avoid such means in future."

"Okay," Beauregard raised an eyebrow. "So where's the apology?"

"You just said you would apologize. But you have to actually apologize."

Caleb stared at her. "I'm sorry?"

"Yeah, like that but you have to mean it."

"No, I was clarifying—"

"I know what you were doing," she rolled her eyes. "But you still have to say the words."

"Alright," he paused. "I'm sorry. For hurting you unintentionally. I knew that you would be alright, but should not have taken the risk regardless."

"Apology accepted," Beauregard nodded solemnly. She pushed off from the counter without warning and briefly, Caleb was terrified she was about to hug him. Instead, she stepped past him and made for the dining room. Hesitantly, he followed. They settled across from each other at the table, Beauregard collapsing into one of the chairs and propping her feet up on the table as she stared across at Caleb. "So. You really don't like Trent?"

"I've never hated a person more."

Beauregard nodded peaceably. "That's a fucking relief."

She looked skyward. "We met him. Briefly. There was this competition for Harvest Close, right? And it was maybe a little dumb, but we entered and won, and afterwards he was there with a few other Assembly members."

Caleb said nothing, but watched the monk intensely. She tipped her head, looking back down at him. "We chatted a bit, just normal diplomacy stuff, but he clocked Yasha pretty quickly and there was this moment, when everyone else was away talking, when he came over to us and just said," she dipped her voice low, doing a hideous impression of Trent's accent which, admittedly, did make Caleb feel a bit better. "'If you ever find yourselves in Xhorhas, be on the lookout for a flame-haired prodigy of mine,' which, well. Was you, obviously."

"Obviously," Caleb echoed. He thought he might need a stiff drink, but it seemed impolite to ask. "So you believed me to be in his service, I suppose?"

"Yeah. I mean, I don't think so now, but your whole deal is pretty sketchy, man. It's not a huge leap to guess that a human in the Dynasty could be a double agent."

"Well, I'm not," Caleb replied flatly.

Beauregard glared at him. "I know, I said I don't think you are now." She looked down at the table, drumming her fingers over it erratically. "Why did you leave?"

"I don't mean the reason, though if you wanted to give it I wouldn't say no." Beauregard twisted in her seat so that she was sitting up straight, moving to lean forward and cross her arms on the table. "But you didn't even want to try and reform the Empire?"

"Who says I am not trying to do that?"

"What, by going to war with us?" Beauregard scoffed. "People are dying. Thousands of people, all the time."

"Us." Caleb echoed, shaking his head mutely. With a brief flicker of his hands and a flash of his vision, he cast See Invisibility, scanning his surroundings for divinitory orbs. Spotting none, he looked back at Beauregard, who was watching him with a keen eye. "I care a great deal for the Empire. The people of the Empire. The systems in place are broken beyond anything that a common person from the Zemni Fields could ever hope to fix." He leaned in, matching her position. "But I am no longer common. You need power. A voice. And I have one, now."

"So you want to reform the Empire from the other side?"

"There is no other side," Caleb tsked, dismissively. "How can there be only two sides when we have the Menagerie Coast? The Wildlands?"

"You know what I mean."

"Nein, but that is precisely the problem," Caleb was on a roll now. "I am a human, in one of the most powerful positions within the Dynasty. We are not simply drow and humans opposing each other. If we are unable to stop seeing each other as enemies, as, as someone unlike ourselves, then what are we to become? I would not see us trapped in an eternal war, if I can help it. And I would like so very much to help it."

There was a long, drawn-out moment then as Caleb exhaled slowly, recalling himself from his little soapbox. Beauregard spoke up first. "So what's your big plan, then?"

"You'll forgive me if I keep it private, for now," Caleb said, as gently as he could. "You can imagine that such talk is... highly volatile, especially in the midst of a war."

"You're not wrong there," Beauregard agreed thoughtfully. She pulled a face. "This conversation has been kind of a bummer, huh?"

"Many are, of late."

"Okay, um, how about..." She snapped her fingers, looking for inspiration skyward before turning back to Caleb with a grin. "Okay, when you first came to Rosohna, what was the weirdest thing you had to adjust to?"

"Aside from the obvious xenophobia?"

"Dude," Beauregard said, emphatically. "C'mon, we're going for lighthearted now."

"Alright," Caleb frowned. "I suppose... to be honest, the food."

"Oh my gods, the food." She jabbed a finger towards him with a grimace.

Caleb couldn't help his answering smile. "Admittedly, I was under the care of the Bright Queen and then Den Thelyss subsequently, so I never wanted for much. But..."

"But it's kinda inedible, right?" Beauregard was smiling now, and Caleb laughed.

"My cook is convinced that if he can get me to eat rothé, he'll solve all of my problems," Caleb added, conspiratorially. "I have to inform him at each meal that I do not believe human digestive systems are able to process rothé, but he does not seem convinced."

"Oh gods, I tried that on one of our first days here," Beauregard shook her head violently. "Not only did it fuck me up, but it didn't even taste good. Essek loves it in stew though, the traitor."

"There's this celebration that they—we—hold annually, to celebrate the drow escape from the hold of Lolth," Caleb twisted in his chair to lean closer, gesticulating wildly with his hands as he spoke. "Do not misunderstand me, it is a powerfully emotional day. But."

"But." Beauregard grinned.

"But the celebrations consist of the ceremonial killing and eating of giant spiders," Caleb pulled at his hair, letting it fall from its tie as he played through his own anguish. "Beauregard, I cannot eat poisonous spider."

She laughed at that, leaning back in her chair. "Oh man, what do you do every year?"

"I will not lie to you," Caleb leaned back in his chair as well, still chuckling. "I am not above casting an illusion over my food while I eat it. They grow some mushrooms around here that are remarkably similar in shape to a giant spider leg."

"Fuck," Beauregard shook her head slowly, still grinning. "Also it's Beau. Nobody calls me Beauregard, except maybe Essek when he's being a dick."

Caleb hesitated only a moment before nodding. "Noted."

Beau looked about the room, the smile fading from her face, though the air was still jovial and warm. "I gotta say though, I like it here. I think the others do too, for all of Essek's bitching about it."

"He has enough reason to... bitch," Caleb offered, and Beau nodded absently.

"Yeah, I'm not so worried anymore. He's the one who keeps convincing us to come back here between missions. At first it was just to get Yeza back, but I think he realized pretty quick that he needed to deal with shit here." She tipped her head towards Caleb with a smile. "Or maybe I'm just projecting. Either way, it's getting pretty late. Rain check on the rest of this?"

"Of course," Caleb scrambled to stand but Beau only nodded, getting up languidly.

"Cool. You can see yourself out, right?"

"Easily enough," Caleb agreed, pulling his robes into place as he stood. Beau followed him toward the front hall, immediately bypassing the entry and heading up the stairs. She paused just as Caleb was halfway out the door.

"Hey." He stopped, glancing back up at her. She rubbed at one eye with a yawn, blinking down at him. "If you ever wanna like, vent about Dynasty stuff or talk about your plans... we'll be here. I'll be here. Y'know, just if you need it or whatever."

Caleb swallowed around the lump in his throat. "Thank you... Beau."

"No problem." She lifted her hand half-heartedly in a fist. "Empire kids, man."

"I think if I were to copy that gesture, I could very reliably be tried for treason."

"Oh yeah," Beau frowned. Then she shrugged, turning back around and raising her fist higher. "Still gonna do it. Night, Caleb."

"Gute nacht, Beau." He watched as she ascended the stairs, only ducking outside when she was out of sight. He walked home that night, moving slowly and relishing the cool night air wrapping around him like a blanket. Even in spite of his still-damp clothes.

"I fear I am coming to the end of the spells that I am able to teach you," Caleb skimmed through his spellbook, noting absently how much use the first few pages had been getting recently. It was nostalgic, perhaps. Or it simply soothed the part of his mind that felt oddly guilty for not reading them as often. "I don't suppose you would want to learn how to cast an enlarged hand?"

"I think not," Essek replied with a frown. "But I had one in mind, if you know of it."

"Alter Self," Essek leaned forward from where he was seated, across the study desk from Caleb. "I think it would be of great aid."

Caleb gave him a curious look. "You don't know how to change form already?"

"Then how—" he cut himself off, puzzled.

Essek looked amused. "A little secret of mine, if you must know."

"I suppose this is when you reveal that you have been a Changeling this whole time."

"A doppelganger, actually," Essek corrected. He gestured towards Caleb's book. "Do you have the spell? May I?"

Caleb slid it across the desk easily. "If you were a doppelgänger, surely you would have tried to kill me by now."

Essek turned the book around, dropping his chin into hand and skimming the page rapidly. "You? I could never."

"It would be quite easy, I'm sure." Caleb shifted so he could stretch out in his seat, crossing his legs at the ankles as he looked about the room, soaking in the silence. "Especially while we are alone, as we are now."

Essek glanced up with a small smile. "Are you trying ro convince me?"

"That depends," Caleb hummed. "Is it working?"

"I may be tempted, if you don't let me finish reading this." He tapped the page and Caleb leaned over to read it upside-down. "This targets only the caster. But would the principles be the same for changing the form of another?"

"As with a Polymorph spell?" Caleb asked. Essek nodded. "I suppose. But the two differ somewhat. Alter Self allows you to shape yourself according to how you wish to look. Polymorph uses your own memory of various creatures as the base. You may be able to make minor cosmetic changes, but its form would be stable."

Essek was scribbling marginalia wildly, and Caleb felt that he was pulling at the threads of whatever the drow's larger plan was. After a moment, Essek spoke. "So if you were to change the shape of an individual from one humanoid form to another, you would recommend basing that magic off of this spell rather than any other shapechanging spell?"

"Well, I don't know how to cast Polymorph," Caleb said slowly. "So I would be unable to help in that regard. But I think Alter Self would be the right starting point, yes."

"Perfect." Essek looked up, eyes shining. His ears had perked up, twitching slightly, and the gentle chime of chains from his ear cuffs cut through the silence. Caleb tried again not to find it endearing, and failed. Essek slid his hand across the table, covering one of Caleb's before he was entirely sure what was happening. "Thank you. This is a true gift."

"I suppose you still won't tell me what this is in regards to." He didn't move his hand.

"In time, perhaps," Essek studied his face for a moment, then pulled away, looking back down at Caleb's book and beginning to demarcate his own spellbook pages. "For now, it is too precarious. There is much resting on this, admittedly, and I'd prefer to keep it close to the chest."

"It sounds important," Caleb hedged.

"It's the most important thing I'll ever do," Essek said softly.

Caleb raised an eyebrow, more surprised at the drow's conviction than the words. "Then I am glad to be playing a part in it. If there is more that I can do..."

"No, no," Essek waved away his offer. He paused, looking up from the spellbooks. "Actually... perhaps? A moment—"

Caleb watched on as Essek dove into his pack, searching through it until he landed upon a handful of pages, crisply folded. He drew them out reverently, hesitant as he handed them to Caleb, who took them with the same degree of care. Unfolding them, he frowned, immediately recognizing the language as Zemnian but older, almost unintelligible in places. Skimming quickly, he parsed it as referencing magic and change, transition, movement. The equations were antiquated, but Caleb could see bits and pieces that alluded to something new and exciting, the edges of something not-yet put together. He looked up at Essek, who was watching him closely. "This is your project?"

"I believe this will aid me in my project," Essek corrected. "Forgive my arrogance, but inventing new magic is hardly a project in itself any longer. It's simply how I have been working for the past few years. But what I hope to do with this... that is what I want. That is the mark I can hope to leave."

"You have singlehandedly innovated an entire subdiscipline of magic," Caleb smiled. "I would say that the mark you leave will be much larger than one project."

"Then this is the only one I will care to remember," Essek replied, though he looked briefly bashful at Caleb's words, his usual lavender flushing to a deeper purple. He returned to copying out his spell. "Feel free to try and parse that. I've had some luck, but some parts elude me still."

"I will take you up on that," Caleb replied, trying and failing at hiding his excitement. He didn't notice Essek's briefly fond look, too engrossed in recalling the language that he had grown up on.

They continued on like that for an hour more, though Caleb neglected to track the time, so engrossed was he in reading the notes of this strange, long-dead arcanist. It was only when Essek straightened to stretch in place, seemingly having finished copying the spell, that he realised the time. Essek nodded in his direction. "Have you gotten far?"

"This Halas," Caleb shook his head. "Where did you find these papers? This is old magic."

"In an old place," Essek grimaced slightly. "We were at sea before we came to Rosohna. We met a character who introduced us to, ah, a pocket dimension that contained, among other things, a... demiplane which held these notes. Veth was good enough to help me with them already."

"Was Veth the character at sea?" Caleb asked absently as he re-read his notes. There was a brief pause then and he looked up, catching Essek's wide-eyed stare. "What?"

"No, I—" he looked away. "It is not my place, I think."

Caleb watched him. "If I have somehow put you in an awkward position..."

"No, no. It is simply not my place, forgive me."

"Ja, alright." There was a moment then, when he felt as if they were back at the start, walking on such thin ice around each other. He pushed past it. "I think I can surmise enough on his writings involving transformation to take it further. You wish to invent a spell that can change the form of another?"

"Permanently change the form of another," Essek agreed. "It does not need to be for combat, and if we were to create it as a ritual, perhaps that would make it easier. I haven't yet fine-tuned my own expectations for it."

"We?" Caleb couldn't help but ask. "You want my help in this?"

Essek looked thoughtful. "Yes," he said after a moment's pause. "Yes, I think I would greatly appreciate your aid in this."

"Then I would gladly give it," Caleb sat up. "Where do you wish to begin?"

"Ah," Essek gave him a rueful smile. "Let me practice Alter Self first. Tell me if it works?"

Essek made to stand and Caleb followed. The study space was mostly open, the desk set up before the fireplace and the bookshelves lining the walls. It was sparsely decorated, the Mighty Nein seeming to have had no issue with how Caleb had decorated it after Deirta told him of her plans—not that he had plans to tell them it had been him who was acting as the interior decorator.

Essek stood in the centre of the room, concentrating as he skimmed over the freshly copied spell once more. Carefully, he placed his spellbook on the ground beside him and, after a moment more of thought, began to murmur the incantation under his breath, sliding his hands down his face. Caleb watched as his form shifted, a kind of undulation that rippled down his body until the person looking back at Caleb was no longer Essek, but a pale high elf. His hair was blonde, slightly longer than usual and styled in a way that was more befitting of the Empire. His clothes were the same, but the angles of his face were sharper, more austere. He looked older, the perpetual smirk of Essek's face replaced by a downturned mouth. It was an odd sight, made odder still by the fact that Caleb knew it was Essek.

"Well?" Essek examined one arm, the edges of his wrists visible from where the fabric of his loose dark shirt now fit too small. "How did I do?"

Caleb paused in his distant appraisal. "Oh. Do you mind if I...?"

"Please," Essek spread his arms wide and Caleb only hesitated a moment before he stepped forward, taking a circuit around Essek's altered form. He caught the tail-end of an eyeroll from Essek's high elven face. "You can come closer, I don't bite."

Caleb, thoroughly chastened and now mildly annoyed that he had been called out, stepped up even closer. He was at Essek's back, and ignored his own qualms about physical touch, pulling lightly at Essek's collar to scan the back of his neck, studying the mapping of skin. Beneath his touch, pale elven skin shifted slightly and Caleb's mind raced with the effort to detach himself from seeing this as Essek, rather than a form constructed of magic and mental accumen. The underlying understanding of who he was touching percolated at the back of his mind however, and Caleb couldn't dispel the haunting feeling that he would know Essek in any form.

"The proportions look correct," is what he actually said aloud, taking a step back and closing one eye to examine the high elf form. He stepped to Essek's side, leaning in slightly to look at him in profile. "And the face seems well-constructed as well. The extra lines help to offset any comparisons to you—well, you underneath this guise."

"Hm," Essek looked briefly thoughtful as Caleb moved around to face him. "I'm concerned with shaping form between different humanoid races, I suppose."

"You can concentrate on the parts that are the same," Caleb suggested. He tilted his head to study the bend of Essek's ear, wider and more leaf-shaped in his new form. "Eyes, ears, arms, legs. The basic make-up of the body is consistent. Look up for me?"

Essek did, lifting his chin as he continued to frown. "I suppose. It still feels like a great responsibility, almost to the point of burden. But I suppose we are used to carrying great burdens by now." He scoffed. "We carried the Beacon for months."

"Months?" Caleb blinked at Essek from where he was hunched slightly, looking up at him from below his chin. Essek glanced down at him out of the corner of his vision, eyes tracking his movement as Caleb straightened. "I didn't realize you had it for so long."

Essek dropped his arms, rolling his shoulders and, as he did so, shifting back into himself. Caleb tried not to feel amused at how he grew shorter, or relieved at the drow assuming his usual form again. "We hardly would have been able to recount the entirety of our escapades in that throne room."

"Yes, it was a rather tense meeting," Caleb took a step back, suddenly aware of how close they had been standing.

Essek gave him a wry look. "You weren't the one on the receiving end of that tension."

"I was, not so long ago." Under his robes, Caleb clasped his fingers, trying not to scratch at his arms.

"I suppose you were, weren't you." Essek tipped his head, watching him for a moment before carrying his gaze about the room. "Regardless. I ought to try something more difficult. Any suggestions on form?"

"Something complex. A challenge."

Essek smiled brightly before he closed his eyes, beginning the incantation over again as he reignited the spell. He was partway through when Caleb let out a startled laugh, watching as Essek's form shifted and stretched to Caleb's height, reflecting back at him his own red hair, pale skin, and blue eyes. He shook his head, a rush of fondness washing over him. "A cruel trick, perhaps. To show me a self that is less haggard and more handsome. Even at this distance I can tell that you are missing a few grey hairs and scars, I'm afraid."

"I'm afraid I only reflect what I see," Essek replied primly, and it was certainly odd to see his face speaking in Essek's voice.

"Then what you see is very biased indeed," Caleb scanned Essek's form from a distance this time, trying to note any imperfections in his casting without the sting of self-hatred.

"Perhaps it is," Essek hummed. "I am looking at you presently however. It would take some effort to get your appearance wrong."

"I do." He agreed simply, and Caleb tried to fight down the flush of his cheeks with Essek's phantom gaze on him.

"Aside from those points, the rest seems to be effective enough. How does it feel?"

"Odd, admittedly. This magic is strange to me, and moreso to be casting it upon myself," Essek rolled his shoulders again, a nervous tick perhaps, stretching his arms out to feel the lines of his body—Caleb's body.

"Well, if we have established anything, it is that transmutation and graviturgy do not mix," Caleb hummed.

"Indeed." Caleb leaned back against the desk, glancing down for only a moment. By the time he looked back however, Essek had returned to himself. Caleb couldn't help his curiousity. "Months?"

Essek laughed. "You have a bit of a one-track mind, Shadowhand. Here I thought we had moved on to more interesting things."

"The Beacon is of both professional and personal interest," Caleb replied. "And I have many interests. Not all coincide."

"But these ones do." Essek made his way over to the desk as well, but surprised Caleb as he turned, leaning back against it at his side. "There was an assault on Zadash. The Zauber Spire. You surely knew of it?"

"Well, then I suppose we were a wrench in your plans before you and I even met," Essek smiled, though the look was more distant, almost haunted. "There was a soldier beneath the city who had successfully acquired the Beacon. But he had been grievously wounded. He saw me, in my true form, and entrusted me with it."

Caleb watched on, entranced. He had not been so involved in the execution of the attack on Zadash, had truly only gestured toward the defenses that he had guessed the Empire would have in place. To hear that the plan had succeeded in acquiring the Beacon sent a thrill of vindication down his spine where before he had believed it to have been a failure.

The smile had slid from Essek's face, now twisted with melancholy. "He wanted to protect it, and protect me. There were soldiers coming from one direction, and he swore that he would hold them off." Essek took in a deep, rattling breath and Caleb glanced down as the drow swiped at his eyes, scrubbing away unshed tears. "Thuron. His name was Thuron. I didn't- he had such faith in me, but I had never known him. Not then, and not... before. He was consecuted and I can only hope that, that our returning of the Beacon will bring him back. That we can meet again one day."

"And so you carried it with you ever after?" Caleb kept his voice was low and soft, reticent as he was to upset Essek further.

"Until we came here for Yeza," Essek tipped back his head, staring up at the ceiling. He had hunched in on himself slightly, crossing his arms tightly about his chest, and Caleb noticed how his ears seemed to droop. The story seemed to have shaken Essek to his core, and a distant part of Caleb's mind wondered at the depth of his reaction, so much more harrowed than Caleb would have expected from the oft distant drow. "I had thought to go searching for his family. Relatives, or his Den. But I did not know how a Den Mother would appreciate being told that her twice-born son had died to protect an arrogant exile. I did not think that information would be welcome, no matter how noble albeit foolish his death was."

"Perhaps not so foolish," Caleb offered. Essek turned his head slightly to look at him. "You returned the Beacon. He is given a chance at new life because of your actions. I would say that he made the correct choice, and the brave one at that."

"Perhaps you are right," Essek said, though he sounded unconvinced. "It's strange. He was the first drow I encountered since leaving Rosohna. Seeing him... it changed me, in more ways than I think I was aware of then. I had chosen to hide myself up to that point, and I was good at it. But afterwards, it felt wrong. I wanted to be unashamed in facing the world, as he had been."

"Is that when you began working on the pendant?"

"Indeed," Essek looked down, drawing it out from under his shirt and thumbing at it gently. He looked away, into the middle distance. "It served two purposes, in the end."

"You were able to give up your ring of shapechanging," Caleb said.

Essek, still looking away, smiled. "It was not the greatest leap of logic, but I'm glad you arrived at it."

"I assume the fact that you gave it to Nott has something to do with your spell?" Caleb asked. He did not add on his suspicions over Nott's name. The moment was fragile enough.

"Something," Essek acquiesced. He turned to look at Caleb fully. "But that is not my story to tell."

"And I wouldn't dare overstep," Caleb agreed. "So this spell is a labour of love?"

"Very much so," Essek said. Caleb thought about the implications of that, of his being included in this spell that was to be Essek's crowning achievement. While he pondered, Essek let out one more slow, juddering breath before pushing up off the desk. "But I am afraid that I am famished, and have put off my own needs for long enough now. Stay for dinner?"

"I cannot," Caleb said, before he had entirely plotted out his excuse. "I fear I am needed at the Conservatory."

"Next time, then," Essek returned, though Caleb didn't think his lie had gone unnoticed. Still, he walked Caleb to the door of the mansion, opening it onto the ever dark Rosohna evening. Essek poked his head out the doorway, looking skyward. "The weather is changing. It'll be spring soon."

Caleb stepped outside, glancing back at Essek. "New beginnings."

"Or simply the passage of time."

"Ah, but you and I both know that the passage of time is not so simple," Caleb tapped the side of his nose conspiratorially.

Essek returned his smile. "Perhaps not. Good night, Caleb."

"Good night, Essek."

The Bright Queen stared down her nose, gaze fixated on the decorative Beacon that ever-sat upon the pedestal before her throne. The court was quiet, collectively holding their breath as Leylas' fingers spread over her chin, elbow positioned delicately on her knee. Even in thought she cut an elegant figure, and it was an impossibility to look upon her without realising the amount of time that she had lived. She didn't look away as she spoke up. "Their movements are slowing. We find ourselves in somewhat of a stalemate, unless I am mistaken?"

It was Duendalos who spoke up. "Aye. Which means that we may either take this opportunity to spring an attack, or..."

"Or seek an end to the war."

There was a pause then, until Leylas redirected her gaze towards Caleb. "Shadowhand. Caleb."

"You are our little pacifist. What would you see us do here?"

He did not disagree with the title—it was perhaps truer than many he had been given in the past, and undoubtedly kinder than some that he had been called since stepping into Rosohna. He frowned, absently casting an illusory map of the intersection between the two warring nations, rubbing at his own chin in thought. "I think we are at a point where we may be able to consider options for bringing an end to this conflict."

"The Mighty Nein," Caleb began, and immediately clocked the faces of his fellow Council members. Across the large hall from him, Icozrin and Daev'yana looked perturbed while several of the others simply looked on, waiting. He hoped that he would not convert any other Den representatives against him in the following conversation. To his right, Deirta leaned forward in her seat, and Caleb noted her interest with his own. He continued. "As understandably suspicious as we ought to be of them, they are also interposed—in every sense of the word—between us and the Empire. We can use that."

Leylas watched him as he dispelled the map, and he returned her gaze openly, his own mind awhirl with battle plans and timelines. She looked momentarily as if she was intending to speak, but there was another voice already cutting through the quiet. "Leylas, if I may."

Leylas turned to face Deirta, waving her other hand to allow the umavi to speak. She straightened. "I concur with the Shadowhand. I also know that Essek was very talented when he was still one of ours, specifically in the arcane. Continuing this war will not endear us to them, and I believe that we should strive to keep them on our side."

"We do not need to ally ourselves with a mercenary band that, while granting us a Beacon, continues to be chaotic and unpredictable," Leylas replied.

"I agree, but I think that we ought to be looking into a post-war timeline, which would reopen the opportunities for research and study into furthering our own understanding of dunamancy."

"With Essek of No Den leading the charge? I think not," Leylas turned toward Caleb, watching him like a hawk. "And what of your lessons with the traitor? You are still teaching him Empire magic?"

Caleb dipped his head in agreement, or acquiescence. "He is pursuing the construction of a spell which uses Empire magic. My old discipline, specifically. I think it would have little application in wartime, but it is promising, I think."

"I grow concerned about the trading of Empire magic with an exiled heretic," Leylas said sharply. "I do not wish for this to be a corrupting influence on our court."

"I think," Caleb hesitated only momentarily. "I think that when I speak of its promise, I mean that in a more expansive sense. It is promising that they are conducting their business out of the Dynasty, while at the same time Essek is working with Empire magic. I have no fears of corruption in working with Transmutative magic—it is not Enchantment, and should not be feared as such—and I see this as an extension of the Umavi's argument. Yes, he is an unnamed exile of the Dynasty, but if he is to be allowed to stay for the time being, and permitted to continue his studies under my eye, then I would see this as an in to pursue the second stolen Beacon."

"A traitor returning two Beacons," Leylas tsked. "It does not bear thinking of."

"We have cross-checked their story and it aligns with our understanding of the events," Caleb offered. "Perhaps this is atonement for him, though I dare not speak on what he atones for in such company." Which was the right thing to say, surely. He still wasn't entirely aware of the whole story himself, after all.

Leylas narrowed her eyes, but turned back to face the sculpture before her. "I am not so set in my ways as to be blind to the fickle nature of those on their first life." There was a smattering of sounds of agreement about the court from other consecuted heads of Dens. Caleb kept silent, his attention fixed on Leylas. "Perhaps you are right and this is his strange form of penance. I would not see him absolved of his heresy, however."

Caleb said nothing, only waiting on Leylas for her decision. Finally she straightened in her seat, pounding her staff once in declaration. "So be it. Shadowhand, you monitor this Mighty Nein. You are the closest point of contact to them—get closer. Learn their goals and if they truly can aid us in ending this conflict. You say that Essek of No Den is working on arcane practices? Aid him in them, and steer them away from any dunamantic alignment. I do not trust him or his corrupting influence, but it would not do now to cast them all out. Better to have them aid us and then be returned to their own homeland, as they likely are wont to do."

From across the way, Icozrin spoke up. "And of the war effort?"

"We will discuss that presently. This will be but one of the options we pursue. If we are able to retrieve the last Beacon in these efforts, then it will be worth the grovelling to a heretic that we must do now." Leylas nodded towards Caleb, who dipped his head in agreement simply.

The war council continued on for several more hours, and by the end, Caleb was well and truly exhausted. He had departed as quickly as he was able, making for the exits when he was stopped by a clear voice ringing out across the main hall. "Shadowhand."

He turned, and watched Deirta approach, immediately looping her arm into his and quickening her place. "Come, walk me home Caleb."

He kept apace with her, sliding his glasses on quickly as they exited the building and began to depart for Deirta's home. Caleb waited patiently for her to speak first, and found that he did not need to wait long. "I am pleased that we are aligned in our expectations."

"You know what mine are," Deirta replied easily. She looked at him out of the corner of her eye. "I would see my son return home."

"He has though," Caleb offered carefully. "He is located in the Firmaments. I think you could even visit, if you so desired to."

"You know I could not," Deirta said, dismissively. She looked ahead, steering Caleb slightly towards a small peddler's shop and scanning their wares—seemingly various beads and small pieces of jewelry—before continuing on. "Besides, I do not mean simply allowed to exist within the city. I want him back."

"Are you—" Caleb cut himself off, trying to locate his own thoughts on the topic and how to word them. It came so difficult sometimes, and he struggled for a moment while Deirta continued, unaffected. "I do not know if he intends to stay here forever. But I suppose, if he did return, what would you see him do?"

"Petition for him to rejoin the Den," she replied easily. "Teach, perhaps. He was so talented a few years ago, I can only imagine that he has grown moreso. And after that, I would see him take up his rightful place. The one he is owed."

"Owed?" Caleb asked softly, and he could feel his heart pounding in his chest as they rounded the corner towards her street.

"The Bright Queen will understand that he returned the Beacon to us because of his regrets over what transpired. And this is no small thing, Caleb. I think you understand enough to know how crucial the Luxon is to our people. I cannot fathom a reason for his returning it that does not lead to his returning to us." Deirta pushed open the gate before her home and turned back to face Caleb, eyes shining. "It is a sign, Caleb. From the Luxon itself. He is meant to come back to us. To come back to me. And I would not see that sign misdirected and obscured by politics and the like."

Caleb watched her carefully, unsure entirely of how to respond. Thankfully, Deirta stepped forward once more, reaching out to clasp a gentle hand to his cheek. "We understand this, you and I. And I would see us vindicated."

She dropped her hand, though her eyes kept searching Caleb's. He only dipped his head in a slight bow to her. "I must return home. Enjoy your evening, Umavi."

She smiled back at him as he turned, making his way back to his own towers. It was only when he was safely inside that he drew out his Sending stone, palming it and taking in a deep breath. "Verin. I fear we have much to discuss. When you are next in Rosohna, please come find me. Stay safe."

And then he stowed it away, looking up to see Rylla giving him a wide-eyed stare, curious and questioning but never pushing too far. Cautiously, he smiled at her and she smiled back.

Caleb, in truth, had not entirely expected that he would return to the Xhorhouse—a name that he had, admittedly, laughed at when he'd heard it first—beyond his lessons with Essek. The repeated dinner invitations had become something of an expectation at this point and he didn't entirely believe that they were genuine. But he had been shaken by the last war meeting; Rylla had cautiously asked about his wellbeing afterwards, and it had struck him that he was less concerned about himself than the various members of the Mighty Nein—one more so than the others.That logic had led him to departing for the Xhorhouse before he had entirely thought his own plan through. It had taken more bolstering of his own reserves than he had expected to make the trip over, his mantra roiling over and over through his mind until he had found himself on the doorstep of the mansion, against his better judgement. The front window seemed to reflect light from within, and Caleb allowed himself to wonder at who would answer the door as he knocked.

There was a heavy series of thumps from beyond the door, as if someone was half-falling, half-racing down the stairs in an effort to get to him sooner, and Caleb was unprepared as the door swung open to reveal the bright, shining face of Jester Lavorre. She blinked widely at him, cocking her head as she realised who was at the door. "Caleb!"

"Ah, hello Jester," he tried not to look as awkward as he suddenly felt, briefly overwhelmed by the realization that, perhaps, this was a terrible idea. He didn't know Jester as well as the others—or, well, only Essek and perhaps Nott or Beauregard—and the idea of having to keep up with the chaotic maelstrom that was this particular member of the Mighty Nein was almost enough to make him turn around.

"Essek is studying, I think," Jester waggled her eyebrows at him suggestively, and Caleb frowned.

"That is good to know," he agreed lightly. "I do not intend to be rude, but I did wish to speak with him about something pressing."

"Oh, okay," she pouted, looking behind her. "You sure you don't want to just hang out for a bit? Our garden is really nice! And it always reminds me of home, so maybe you'd like it too?"

"Rosohna is my home," Caleb corrected, almost instinctive at this point. "You said he was in the study?"

"I know Rosohna is your home," Jester smiled, relentlessly cheerful even in the face of Caleb's prickliness. "But you still might miss the Empire and, like, trees and stuff that aren't purple."

"Ja, that is true," Caleb admitted, feeling somewhat chastised. He shifted in place, trying in earnest to avoid his usual standoffishness. "Ah, may I come in and...?"

"Oh! Yes, yes, yes, okay, one sec," she stepped back, twisting around in place and cupping her hands about her mouth. "ESSEK! CALEB'S HERE FOR YOU! HE'S COMING TO THE STUDY, SO PUT ON SOME CLOTHES!"

Caleb faltered halfway through the door, giving Jester a look of alarm. She beamed at him. "He should be fine now. Please, welcome to our humble abode." She waved her hand gracefully, performing an overly ornate flourish of the wrist. Caleb hesitated a moment more, only spurred on by his own mental recollection of the direness of the situation.

He stepped forward, towards the now-familiar study and pressed lightly at the door. It opened without effort, and Caleb called out, "Essek? I am coming inside."

He thought he heard Jester giggle behind him, but urgency forced him to push inside. The study was oddly empty, and Caleb frowned as he glanced around, absently closing the door behind him. He was about to call out again when he heard a quiet sound from one of the bookcases. There was a brief moment of hesitation as Caleb held in place and angled his head to peer about the room. The door that sat, half-obscured by the bookcases, shifted open and Essek stepped out from within, running a wary hand through his hair as he looked about. Caleb caught the briefest of glimpses into the unlit room, noting the oddly minimalist lack of furniture within, though he spotted a bed and side table that looked cluttered, in spite of the room's otherwise lacking decor.

Essek's eyes landed on Caleb almost immediately, and Caleb wasn't sure how to feel at the sight of Essek relaxing his wariness upon seeing him. The drow gave Caleb an amused look, crossing the room towards the alchemist's table and absently rearranging empty vials. "I apologize for Jester. She is rather intent on insisting that, ah, I study in hm. Various states of undress."

"It's just a joke," he assured Caleb quickly, and in the light of the arcane torches, Caleb thought he saw Essek's cheeks stain a shade darker. "We had an unfortunate run-in one time with a displacer beast while I had been cleaning off. I had also just had a breakthrough in one of my spells, and—I don't entirely know why I'm recounting this story."

"It sounds like a good story," Caleb supplied helpfully, with a grin.

"Yes, well," Essek cleared his throat. "Perhaps another time. You had something to discuss? Or was there another reason you decided to stop by so late in the evening?"

Caleb ignored the light implication of Essek's words for the harmless flirtation that the drow seemed to always exude. It was true that he didn't know everything about his past—namely, he was missing details ranging the entire duration of Caleb's own lifetime and then some, and wasn't that a thought?—but from what Caleb could glean from the way he moved through the world, he had long since suspected that the drow's time in Nicodranas had been spent surviving off no small amount of charlatanism. His charm read as second nature, and with a shapechanging ring, he would certainly be handsome enough to con his way into, Caleb suspected, whatever he may have needed at the time. He would have been handsome enough without the ring too, but that was, well. An unhelpful thought. And one he didn't need to be having right now, as he struggled to figure out how to approach this next part of their conversation. "I don't start this conversation lightly."

Essek's brow furrowed and he carefully drew out one of the chairs, settling in it and looking up at Caleb. He gestured vaguely towards the chair opposite him and Caleb sat in it with a heavy slump. He found that he could not look at Essek as he spoke, and instead addressed the table below his palms. "I made a choice. A while back, you posed a trade with me and I took it."

"I'm very aware," Essek replied lightly. He watched Caleb with an appraising look, leaning forward and angling to catch Caleb's eye. "Did you have something to tell me?"

"I didn't," Caleb said, finally lifting his head. "Purposefully so. But now I do."

Essek studied him for a long moment, looking contemplative. Caleb was almost surprised at the lack of anger or surprise on his face, as if he had never expected Caleb to uphold his end of the bargain. Or, worse, as if he had always expected him to, and was vindicated in Caleb's turn towards being a good person.

Or, well. Perhaps not good. Not entirely. He pressed on. "How did you know about the effects of the Beacon to begin with?"

Essek tsked. "You just told me that you planned to go back on our trade, and now you demand truth from me?"

Caleb sighed, leaning back in his chair and rubbing at his face, the exhaustion of the day kicking in fully now. "That is fair. I suppose I do not have a leg to stand on here."

"No," Essek said tightly. "No, I do not believe you do."

Caleb nodded slowly, palm still pressed to his face as he spoke. "You are right, of course. I ask too much of you." He dropped his hand, looking up at Essek, whose anger seemed to soften and mellow at his words, though it did not dissipate entirely. Still, there was something to be said, perhaps, about how able he was at getting Essek to stand down, to temper his anger into something more direct. It was a good feeling, to know that he could, but made bitter by the deception he had already put the man through. "I'll say this quickly, because I doubt you want me to meander in my words. I trust you'll stop me if you have any issues though."

When Essek said nothing in response, Caleb briefly allowed himself to lean back and flash a rapid See Invisibility across the space. Deeming it clear, he looked back down, speaking to the Vurmaloc wood again. "Your mother has grown obsessed with seeing you reclaim your supposedly promised position of Shadowhand."

"What?" Essek's chair creaked as he leaned across the table, and Caleb glanced up to see the genuine shock writ across his face. Good. That Essek seemed reliably surprised by Caleb's words boded well. He wasn't entirely sure what he would have done had Essek already known of his mothers' plans or, Light forbid, been an active participant in them. "You mean typhros, don't you?"

Caleb dipped his head in silent agreement, bitterness souring his speech. "She believes that your returning the Beacon was a sign from the Luxon itself that you are meant to return," Caleb said softly. He continued to watch Essek unravel at his words, taking no pleasure in the truth. Briefly, he wondered if it would have been kinder to spare him the truth, and the thought made his heart thump painfully, just once. "I believe that, while it was an admirable act of yours, it was just that. A good deed. A righteous deed, performed by a desperate people who wished to survive and find your missing member."

Across from him, Essek continued to furl in on himself, tucking his legs up into his chair and wrapping his arms around them as he stared at the table. It was an alarmingly open gesture, one that Caleb didn't feel he deserved to be privvy to, but Essek didn't seem to be paying him any mind, his eyes flitting back and forth as he scanned the grain of the wood silently. He spoke, but only after the long silence had grown almost unbearable, and his voice came out higher and more strained. "You are certain that this is connected to the Beacon?"

"We cannot be certain of such things without further experimentation, but—" I have only ever seen this in other Umavi. Caleb stopped himself. To reveal the Bright Queen's weakness—her greatest secret—to this exile of the Dynasty would be far too much. Already, he had said more than he had entirely intended, and that familiar creeping fear of being watched was beginning to haunt him once more. "I believe them to be related."

"Nobody will ever conduct such experiments," Essek said softly, loosening his form and slipping down in his seat as he drummed his hand rapidly, asynchronously on the table. "Not in the Dynasty, at least."

"Perhaps the Empire then, with their remaining Beacon." Caleb leaned across the table and, hesitating only for a moment, rested his hand carefully over Essek's, stilling his nervous gestures. Essek looked up at him sharply, but didn't pull away. "I'm sorry to be the bearer of this news."

"No," Essek replied instantly, then frowned. "No, don't be. It isn't your fault. I asked you for it, knowing that it would likely be true. I'm glad that you told me, I think."

"What will you do now?"

"Light help me, I don't know," Essek's hand shifted under Caleb's, and he tried not to show the way that his heartbeat picked up when the drow pulled back ever so slightly and threaded his fingers through Caleb's. It was such a small gesture, but Essek was staring at their entwined fingers as if they were the depths of the Beacon itself. "This is hardly an ideal situation for either of us to find ourselves in."

"Indeed," Caleb exhaled slowly, allowing his mind to stray. "In the spirit of candor, I should also say that this is not entirely selfless of me. There is only one Shadowhand after all, and I have worked, ah, quite hard to maintain my position over all these years."

"A lesser man would simply have had me dispatched," Essek hummed. "It would have been easier. Won you more support, too."

"Now who's trying to convince the other to kill them?" Caleb briefly tightened his grip on Essek's hand, but loosened it quickly, feeling too raw and open in the moment for such a display.

"Ah, but I said a lesser man. You are no such person, Caleb."

"So what are we going to do, then?" Caleb asked, and he wanted so badly to extricate his hand, but Essek was still staring at the space between them with a wild kind of intensity, and his grip was soft and warm.

The drow didn't answer for a long moment, his brow furrowed in thought. When he did speak, it was with the tentativeness of a scholar testing theories early in their research. "The solution, abstractly, would be to uplift your status within the eyes of my mother and the Bright Queen, enough that the Umavi at least pushes back her timeline and you are able to execute your own plans along their natural course."

Essek waved his other hand blithely. "I would only need to leave Rosohna. I do not believe my mother's aspirations would extend to chasing me across the world, but perhaps I underestimate her."

"You make it sound so simple," Caleb murmured, and he tipped his head back to look skyward. "And yet it is my entire life. This city, this nation, all that it has given me. I don't pretend to be an altruist. I have other plans that I wish to put in place with the power I have accumulated, as I am sure Beauregard has told you, but. We are all caught in stasis while the war is ongoing."

"Well," Essek said softly, and there was a conspiratorial edge to his tone that had Caleb angling his head to look at Essek in his periphery. "Then perhaps we set our sights on ending a war, hm?"

And perhaps it was that easy. Still, Caleb rolled his eyes, pulling his hand free gently. Essek let it go, but Caleb didn't miss the way that he let his long fingers stroke lightly over the back of his hand as he withdrew. "This is a serious discussion."

"And I am a serious drow," Essek's expression had twitched up into something like grim amusement. "It is the ultimate goal of our little band, I think, though I doubt we ever intended to be the ones putting it into motion. But you cannot deny it would solve many of our problems."

"The Bright Queen would never end the war without her final Beacon," Caleb protested, and thought that he could guess at Essek's reply before he had even finished speaking. It was strange how predictable the world became when one plucked at the strings of fate. Perhaps this was how the Umavis felt as they moved through time.

"Well," Essek's smile brightened. "I suppose that is a very good place to start then, hm?"

Caleb shook his head, though he was surprised at how easy their exchange had been. He hadn't even needed to lie. Of course, he was nowhere near optimistic, nor even quite within the realm of hopeful regarding how he foresaw Essek's plan unfolding, but the drow's easy attitude regarding world-shaking events seemed to be holding, and that was a comfort in its own way. There was a twinge of guilt, a brief spasm of his long-dead heart that felt guilty at plucking the strings of fate in such a way as to engineer plans that, ultimately, he was unsure were his own. But then he thought about the sharp look on Deirta's face only a few hours ago and the plans he had made when his mind had been broken—to erase Ikithon's legacy, or perhaps just paper over it with his own. Caleb felt his resolve settle against the guilt, in the knowledge that what he was doing was for the greater good. No more lost children. No more left behind on either side.

The silence had drawn out long enough, but Caleb found himself unsure of what else to say.  He looked away, towards the window, and was about to say something paltry about needing to leave when there was a rapid series of knocks at the study door. "Essek! There's someone here for you, and he is very handsome!"

Caleb looked back at Essek with a raised eyebrow. Essek frowned at the door, the downturn of his lips pulling into something that Caleb was alarmingly inclined to call cute. He glanced toward Caleb as he began to slowly rise from his seat. "I apologize. I'm unsure who that could be."

"You know so few denizens of Rosohna who might be deemed handsome?" Caleb widened his eyes in mock surprise. "There will be pitchforks at the door presently. An angry mob within the hour from such scathing words."

"Certainly none who would be on the other side of this door," Essek countered affably as he made his way across the room. "Not while they're here, discussing heresy with me. Now, then—"

And Essek was pulling open the study door just as Caleb readjusted his mantle, beginning to grow suspicious over just how often the drow tossed flirtations his way. Surely at this point he knew that he could drop the pretenses? The drow must have known that he was not inclined to trade bargains for time in bed, yet still he continued his absurd charade. It would have been grating, but Caleb found that he wasn't entirely immune to it. Perhaps something to ponder, at a later date.

Except he wasn't left with much time to ponder anything, as Essek was already striding towards the door, Jester casting a bright smile over her shoulder at Caleb as she darted after Essek. She looped her arm into his, adding on as he opened the front door, "He said it was urgent."

Essek pulled the door open as Caleb stepped out into the main hall, and he felt himself going momentarily slack-jawed as he took in the sight of Verin Thelyss standing in the doorway. He was dressed in his ceremonial Echo Knight armour, the matching horned helmet propped loosely against his hip as his signature wry smile curved upwards and then froze as he met Essek's gaze, his eyes sliding towards Jester and then landing upon Caleb, who could only wave weakly at him from the doorway.

"Verin?" Essek intoned, voice going high and panicky just as Verin asked, "Caleb?" and Jester leaned heavily onto Essek's shoulder, flinging one arm into the air with a reprimanding, "Essek!"

From somewhere behind Caleb came the sound of pounding footsteps, and he turned just in time to see Fjord, blazing weapon in hand with Nott perched on his shoulder, a cask balanced precariously on her shoulder that seemed to be leaking a substance which sizzled when it hit the floor. The room was silent for one long, agonizing second, until Verin cleared his throat. "Caleb told me to find him at my earliest convenience and I was redirected here. I... apologize for the intrusion."

"You could have come by my tower," Caleb couldn't help but protest and Verin's eyes, which had been taking in the colourful cast of characters around him, turned to Caleb with a ferocious smile.

"Rylla told me you were here," he sing-songed. "I'm still convinced she has a thing for you, you know."

"Verin, dummkopf, she is not interested in men, she's just a very good hand around the house."

Verin threw up his hands in mock defense. "I'm simply saying, I know that look that she has, and I doubt I'm wrong in this."

"You've always been terrible at reading people in this way," Caleb couldn't help the fondness from seeping out in his tone and smile.

"Even when we were children, you couldn't tell," Essek was still frozen in place, his back to Caleb, but he could hear the dry tone of Essek's voice. "It took you years to realise that I was—"

"I'm so sorry to barge in here," Fjord began, wobbling dangerously as Nott began to climb over his shoulders, one hand using his head for balance while the other gripped the seemingly very corrosive cask. "But Nott was a bit confused there, who the fuck are you?"

Verin looked back at Fjord, his eyes darting between the half-orc and Essek. Caleb watched as Essek's shoulders seemed to sag in defeat. "He's my brother."

"Your brother?!" Jester cried, just as Fjord pitched around, flinging Nott to the ground as he bellowed, "Beau! Cad! Get in here!"

Nott had scrambled to her feet easily enough, and was now seemingly cramming her cask into the side pouch that she kept strapped to her hip. Caleb wondered at the physics of how the cask seemed to fit inside, if only to fixate on something that wasn't the absolute comedy of errors playing out before him.

From somewhere within the house came another set of pounding footsteps, and Beau skid into the entryway before Caduceus, who sauntered in at a much more leisurely pace, wearing an apron that was absolutely pristine. Beau cast her eye around the room, giving Caleb a brief, lazy salute before her gaze landed on Verin, eyes going wide in recognition as she looked back and forth between him and Essek. "Holy shit."

"Well now that we're all here," Essek sounded more than a little annoyed. "Mighty Nein, Verin. Verin, this is the Mighty Nein. They are my friends and traveling companions, and Verin is... my brother."

The room exploded into a cacophony of voices, all coming from the Mighty Nein. Caleb shot Verin a grin from over their heads and Verin returned it, edging slowly around the back of Beau, who had drawn her quarterstaff and was swinging it dramatically to make some kind of nebulous point. Carefully, carefully, he slipped around the group and sauntered over to Caleb's side. Caleb watched on, and thought that he noticed Caduceus eyeing them with a placid smile as Verin leaned against the wall beside Caleb.

"I cannot believe that I'm meeting the family so late in the game," Verin waggled his eyebrows at Caleb dramatically.

"Not a very good sign, so early in your relationship," Caleb warned. Then, "Straighten your shoulders. You look like the Skysybil."

Verin snorted, but did as he was told as they both watched the commotion continue. Essek looked somewhat overwhelmed, eyes aimed skyward as he prattled off non-answer after non-answer to his companions. Caleb rather thought that the explanations that he was giving for why they hadn't yet met Verin weren't bad—"He is busy killing demons in the Underdark, he can't just come around for dinner!"—though perhaps the air of truth to them was tempered by Verin standing there, looking aimless.

"Should I help him?" Verin asked with a frown, now absently wiping down the handle of one of the swords at his hip with a cloth. "I feel a bit bad."

"He did this to himself, somewhat," Caleb pointed out. "Unless you purposefully avoided visiting?"

"I couldn't say," Verin hummed. "Well, maybe I could. I never purposefully dropped by, and he never Sent me an invitation. I think."

"You don't remember?" Caleb tipped his head a bit closer, amused.

"Well, I am a busy man, Caleb," Verin clicked his tongue. "I cannot possibly recall every arcane message that I receive, especially if I am in the middle of beheading a demon while they are being cast into my mind."

"I'm sure your brother enjoyed hearing your grunts and groans while you viciously murdered hellspawn in response to his kind invite."

Verin shot him a wink and an unsubtly crude hand gesture. "If he wanted to hear more, he could Send to me right before I trance every night. More than enough of that to go around when you're alone for months at a time."

Caleb dissolved into a fit of laughter at the image of Essek having to endure such a response, shoving at Verin's shoulder as the drow only cackled at his own joke. It was easy to forget, when Verin was away, the easy camaraderie that they shared. Seeing him always lightened the strange load that sat in Caleb's chest, a reminder that the world may be cruel, but he was still allowed to take his own good from it.

When he had recovered enough, Caleb straightened slowly, still chuckling as he glanced over; at least until he realised that the Nein were all watching him and Verin, looking somewhat alarmed. Verin clapped a hand to Caleb's shoulder as he addressed the group, easygoing as he ever was. "So, are you done? I admit, I mostly intended to abscond with our Shadowhand back to his tower, but this has been a delight as well."

"Remind me," Essek side-stepped his friends, cocking his head slightly towards Verin. "How do you two know each other?"

"I saved this one from a lifetime of social isolation," Verin beamed, squeezing Caleb's shoulder. He tried not to wince at the strength behind the drow's grasp. "And we're both part of Den Thelyss, Essek."

"I don't recall everyone in Den Thelyss even knowing each other, let alone getting along," Essek returned, coolly. "It's not exactly a requirement for joining the Den."

"What's got your robes in a knot?" Verin crossed his arms pointedly, giving Essek a carefully calculating look. Caleb hated being on the other end of that look, had given up more than his fair share of state secrets over shitty tavern ale because of it. But Essek took it in stride, only rolling his eyes in response.

"Never mind. Caleb," his eyes slid from Verin to Caleb. "Did you wish to discuss—?"

Caleb raised an eyebrow. "Really? Now?"

"Well, Verin is so very conveniently here, and this pertains to him as much as it does me..." Essek trailed off pointedly, and Caleb wondered if he was imagining the edge to Essek's tone. No wonder everyone always thought that he was the younger of the two.

"I suppose," he acquiesced, and looked to Verin, who smiled back at him placidly. "Do you wish to discuss some light treason?"

"Oh, only on days that end in -sen," Verin beamed, and Caleb could only laugh as Essek pointedly stepped around them and led the way back into the study.

"Well, shit," Verin said accurately as Caleb sat back in his seat, explanation concluded. He hesitated for a long moment, drumming his fingers on the table as he avoided looking across it, toward Essek. "This is why I never got into politics."

"You were always more of an ask-questions-later person," Essek agreed. He seemed remarkably calm, considering his earlier odd vulnerability at their conversation, and Caleb couldn't help but eye him that much more because of it.

"So, you two," Verin did look up then, toward Caleb. "What are you going to do? Surely you can't just... stop being Shadowhand?"

"Well, there are several ways that that could happen, some more unpleasant than others," Caleb grimaced. "But no, I do not wish to see any of them play out. I have my own plans and desires, and none of them would see me losing my status here. But."

"But?" Verin's eyebrow ticked up.

"We have the early stages of a plan," Caleb said slowly. "It is, perhaps, a bit much to discuss that far in the future. I mostly wished to update you on your mother's state as well. It only seemed fair."

"And that's more than enough for me to consider for now," Verin agreed. He seemed to be processing the information slowly, carefully, as if every word was precious. When he did speak, it was directed towards Essek in a softly bitter tone. "Even after all these years, you're still the favourite."

"No," Essek replied, and his tone was sharp and staccato, emphatic with the weight of that one syllable. "She only misses what she knows she cannot have, and it has driven her to madness. You are her rock, Verin. Don't envy the place that I have put myself in. "

Verin sighed, dropping his head into his hands. "You're right, of course. I am being maudlin."

Caleb looked between the two brothers, eyes shifting from Verin's hunched form to Essek, who appeared strung taut as a bowstring. He hesitated only a moment before standing up. "I will leave you to discuss. I can, ah, fend off your Mighty Nein for a bit, Essek."

Essek's eyes slid away from Verin to meet Caleb's. "You have my thanks."

Caleb only dipped his head in acknowledgement, turning and making his way to the door. He hesitated only a moment before pushing the door open, slipping through and closing it behind him. He stopped, blinking back at the small crowd of five that stared back at him. "Hallo."

"Well?" Beau raised her eyebrows.

"Well what?" Caleb was beginning to recall again why he so often tried to avoid interacting with the Mighty Nein.

"Well, what did you talk about?"

"Ah, I am sure your friend can tell you what we discussed if he so desires," Caleb said quickly.

"Okay, but we don't really care about all that right now, do we?" Nott asked, giving her friends a quizzical look. She looked back to Caleb. "What's he like?"

"Who else?" Nott cried. "Verin! The mystery brother! Hot boi two! You seem to know him really well?"

"We are close, yes," Caleb hesitated, raising an eyebrow. "Was there something specific you wished to know?"

The group all glanced at each other, a few choice mutters being shared between Beauregard and Fjord at the back, before Jester hopped up, balancing her hand delicately on Nott's shoulder. "Is he nice?"

"I think he's very nice," Caleb shrugged, glancing behind him to make sure the door was well and truly closed. "We've been friends since I arrived in Rosohna. He's ah, a good egg."

"You know," Beau began, crossing her arms and giving the rest of her companions a look. "Just saying, but as much as I know we don't want to, like, pry into Essek's family stuff, his brother is literally in the other room. A bit of context might be helpful, right? Am I wrong here?"

"It just feels a bit weird, I mean we hardly know anything about him," Fjord scratched awkwardly at the back of his head. "There's a reason we haven't met him yet, you know."

Beau threw up her hands. "Just a bit of context!" She turned back to Caleb. "Do you have, like, the cliff's notes on him? The sparknotes?"

"Ah, I'm not sure entirely what that means," Caleb began. "But he is the younger brother of Essek, and one of the generals stationed in Bazzoxan, who keeps back the darkness and demonic entities at the Umbra Gate. He is a well-decorated Echo Knight in his own right, and the youngest member of Den Thelyss. And he is pretty good to have on your side in a drinking competition, were you to need that."

"That's pretty helpful," Beau shrugged.

"Honestly, I don't really care about, I don't know, using him or anything, I just think it's kind of wild that he has a brother at all who's just there, in the other room," Nott crouched low, squeezing one eye closed and peering under the door, as if she could catch a glimpse. "Do you think Essie would be mad if we invited his brother for dinner? Or just for some tea?"

"Oh my gosh," Jester's eyes went wide. "I can write him a note and slide it under the door."

"Ooh, make it all fancy too, like give it a bit of calligraphy!" Nott scrambled over towards her as the two began rifling through Jester's haversack.

Caleb frowned. "Perhaps I should leave...?"

"I'll get you some tea," Caduceus said, and Caleb opened his mouth to disagree, but the firbolg was already making his way toward the kitchen. Caleb glanced over his shoulder and tried not to wince as he spotted Jester and Nott furiously bickering over what to write on the piece of parchment that they had discovered. He almost turned back when he thought he heard "Hot tub", but figured that there was little to be done about it and followed Caduceus into the kitchen.

It was cozy inside, and much more cluttered than Caleb remembered it being the last time. It wasn't messy, and he quickly realized that everything seemed to be precisely set in place—there was simply a lot of everything scattered about. Even the windowsill was beset with small plants, its crowded space matched only by the series of pots and pans that lined the wall on a rack. Hesitantly, Caleb made to lean against the wall, warmed somewhat by how much Caduceus seemed to have taken to the space.

The firbolg puttered about the kitchen, moving a well-loved teapot into its place over the coals, in the belly of a stove off to one side. He was rummaging through one of the taller cupboards when he eventually spoke. "You seem to have really taken to our little group."

"Well, you're an interesting bunch. I think there's much more than meets the eye to you all."

"Hmm," Caduceus hummed thoughtfully, as if he had never considered the thought. "You as well, though I think you like to keep it that way."

"You're not wrong," Caleb smiled in spite of himself. "It's protective. Useful, and has come in handy more than a few times."

"I'll bet." He ducked low as the kettle began to whistle, plucking it from the heat with expert precision and moving to fix the tea. He swirled the water expertly, blooming the aroma with an experienced eye, and Caleb found himself watching on, entranced. He realised, after an embarrassing amount of time, that there were only two cups being poured.

"I'm sorry, if there wasn't enough tea for others, I wouldn't have taken any," Caleb offered, but Caduceus only smiled to himself as he lifted the strainers, letting the excess tea drip through the tines.

"I make enough for whoever needs it at the time," he replied easily, palming the two mugs and handing one to Caleb. He clinked them together delicately before adding. "I don't believe in waste."

"Me neither," Caleb admitted, and it did feel like something he needed to admit.

"Just so long as you don't go hunting for the peel so much that you miss the fruit beneath."

Caleb frowned at that, sipping his tea as he pondered the words. Caduceus didn't seem to be the type to fill silence with words, which left Caleb enough time to fully work what he was saying over in his mind. "I'm not sure that's the most apt metaphor for me."

"Well, you can take your pick. There are more than enough," Caduceus sipped at this own drink, not paying Caleb all that much mind.

The tea was delicious. It had a fruity taste, but with odd, almost incongruent notes of spice that sat on the palate and lingered. Caleb had never been much of a tea-drinker, and the Penumbra Range wasn't exactly the most conducive to growing tea plants, so he found that the novelty of the experience outweighed any of the odder tastes. He said as much to Caduceus. "This is a strange blend, but I appreciate you sharing. It's been a while since I had a good cup of tea."

The firbolg gave him a brief, almost piercing look before placidly returning to his cup and sipping the dregs warmly. "I'm glad you like it," he said, and oddly Caleb felt as though he had passed a test. "You should come by for dinner sometime. You seem like you might miss good home cooking."

"I have a home cook," Caleb returned, amused. Caduceus shook his head.

"I mean cooking from the heart. A meal made by a friend, or a loved one. It's a hard thing to replicate."

Caleb drained the rest of his tea, if only to give himself a beat more to respond. "Are we friends, then?"

"I'd like to think so, yes."

"Hm," Caleb watched the other man for a long moment, allowing him to take his cup and make his way over to the wash basin. He would have offered to clean it himself, but he was reeling slightly from the ease with which Caduceus seemed to deem him as someone worth trusting. It was not a wholly unfamiliar feeling, he had allies in spades, but none perhaps who would have sat him down for a home-cooked meal. He stood. "Then I suppose it would be quite rude of me to decline your offer."

"Well, yes," Caduceus looked up, wiping his hands on his apron before he pulled it off and made to hang it on an empty hook. "But I wouldn't take offense. It's hard to change your ways—or, at least, I've found it hard. And I imagine that would be going quite far beyond what you are used to."

"You're very perceptive, I hope you know," Caleb said lightly. "It's a talent, but perhaps a bit of a dangerous one. I hope it doesn't get you in trouble."

Caduceus smiled as he made his way back towards the doorway, though his ambling gait left Caleb enough time to follow. "It's already gotten me in more than enough trouble, though I agree, I try and avoid getting into more. Doesn't always work out, though."

"Best laid plans and all that, hm?" Caleb offered.

"I have no idea what that means," Caduceus looked down at him with a briefly puzzled expression before glancing back up as they re-entered the front hall. "Oh, hello."

The mood in the other room was oddly tense and vacant, with the majority of the Mighty Nein seemingly having scattered and leaving only Verin, who was delightedly scanning a well-calligraphied note, and Essek, whose face was in his hands. He didn't look up as he spoke. "Hello Caduceus."

"I mean, how could I ever say no to this?" Verin asked, turning back to face his brother. "You sure you don't want to just settle down and go into printmaking? With the help of your friends, you could make some good coin."

"I have never been more sure of anything in my entire life."

"A shame, then," Verin shrugged and looked up, noticing Caduceus and Caleb. "Caleb! I thought you had left. It's a bit late for a rendezvous, so rain check for tomorrow?"

"You know my schedule, dinner is probably best," Caleb agreed easily, running through his mental calendar quickly. Tomorrow would be fairly light on meetings, which meant more opportunity to return to his lab, something that he hadn't been able to do for what felt like ages.

Verin turned back to Essek, who had pulled his head from his hands and was trading an odd series of looks with Caduceus as the firbolg made his way upstairs. He only glanced back once Caduceus had fully departed, looking between the two of them and settling on Verin. "That invitation is real, if you want it to be. Just because I can't visit you doesn't mean you cannot visit me."

"I'll take you up on that one, brother," Verin's smile was as easy as breathing as he reached out and bodily pulled Essek into a one-armed hug. When he was eventually released, Essek looked somewhat run over by a herd of moorbounders. "Don't die in the meantime though, alright?"

"You too," Essek said dazedly, walking him to the door.

"I'm in town for a bit, so no monster-slaying for me," Verin grinned as he stepped through the open door. "Only Den meetings, really."

"My point still stands," Essek said dryly, and Verin laughed.

"Be seeing you." And he turned, making his way out into the dark of the Rosohna streets. Caleb only made to depart himself when he realized that Essek wasn't moving from the doorway, content to watch Verin go. As he stepped up beside him Essek still didn't turn, and they briefly stood in the doorway, side by side, shoulders brushing.

Then Essek shifted to look up at him, and Caleb mirrored him with a smile. "We must stop meeting like this."

"We do always seem to end here, don't we?" Essek's smile was sardonic and neutral, as blank as a fresh snowfall.

Caleb moved to stand straighter. "You forced my hand."

"Mm," Essek glanced back, pulling the door in slightly more behind him, though still not fully closed. The extra layer of enclosure felt oddly intimate, even while they stood in view of the entire surrounding neighbourhood. Bathed in the golden glow from the tree above and the sliver of firelight from within, Caleb thought that Essek looked something like a dream. He looked back to Caleb, waiting for him to speak.

Caleb did. "That was going to be a private conversation with Verin."

"I know." The smile stayed, and briefly, terrifyingly, Caleb felt outmatched. He had recognized, as Essek had done it, that it was a purposeful move to ensure that any information shared with Verin aligned with what he had told Essek. Or perhaps the reverse, if he was feeling generous and protective of his little brother. But there had been no way of getting out of it without raising further suspicion, and truthfully enough, Caleb was trying to be genuine. At least, he was now. "I knew I wished to be a part of it, however."

"Was it cruel?" The question slipped out before he could entirely figure out if it was the right one. But he had been thrown somewhat by Essek's positioning of himself in the room, and felt the shifting guilt of laying out his conclusions on his friend's shoulders weighing him down. "To do so. To put that burden on him."

"I'm not sure." Essek glanced down, leaning lightly against the doorjamb and folding his arms over his chest. His voice hardened. "But he deserved to know. And now he does."

There was a beat of silence, and then. "Did he share my concerns about our mother?"

"I, ah—" Caleb hesitated, but cast his mind back to that last luncheon with the Umavi, their harried conversation after. Candor was surely the right path to take at this point, slippery as this conversation felt. "Yes. He did."

"Then I have no remorse." Essek straightened, dropping his arms. He looked past Caleb, into the street beyond, and then back, smile curling just a bit wider. "And to think, he didn't even need to bargain away his life's work to learn the truth."

Caleb smiled back at that, a heartless thing. "You're the elder, I think you are meant to protect him from making such deals with a devil." He looked down to examine the quick of his nails pointedly. "Or perhaps he still did. You know nothing of our relationship."

"Relationship?" Caleb glanced back up at the alarm in Essek's voice, noting with a beat of confusion the widening of his eyes and the way his ears drooped.  "Forgive me, he never, ah- never mentioned—"

The realisation clicked. "Nein, Light save me." He very narrowly avoided dropping his head into his palms, allowing himself to merely look heavenward and pray to a deity that he didn't believe in for guidance. "Didn't you mock him for not being able to read people in such a way? No, I'm afraid your brother is straight as an arrow, Luxon help us all."

"Ah." Essek sounded, of all things, flustered. "Well. Good to know nothing has changed."

"Indeed." Caleb looked back at him, noting the way Essek was looking pointedly down, perhaps the faintest trace of a blush across his face. Suddenly, with a degree of whiplash that had him reeling, Caleb felt more endeared than embarassed, and that alone felt like sign enough for him to leave. He opened his mouth to bid Essek farewell, but was beaten to speaking.

"Come for dinner." The words were said to the ground, but Essek glanced up after he spoke. There was an odd light in his eye, and his words were said hesitantly, softly traded between just them.

"It's nearing midnight."

"Not tonight. Perhaps next week. Whenever you are available and we are in the city. I'm sure Jester will keep you updated on our arrivals and departures."

The laugh that elicited was punched out of Caleb more then freely given, about as jarring as Jester's Sendings were. "Ja, I suppose I have declined enough of your offers."

"Then don't decline this one."

"You're putting me in a rather difficult spot, Herr Nein," Caleb clasped his hands behind his back, if only to stop himself from rubbing at his arms.

"It's a simple invitation," Essek countered. "What do you have to lose?"

"You know how much I have to lose," Caleb returned. And then he faltered, if only for a second. Because what did he truly have to lose? Between Caduceus and Essek, the Mighty Nein seemed almost desperate to extend him a kindness, a glimpse into a normalcy that he had been unable to enjoy for over a decade at this point. His only true friend was Verin, who was away in Bazzoxan more than he was in Rosohna, and here he was, turning down a perfectly fine offer to spend time with known and vetted allies. He was being absurd.

Except, except. It didn't feel so absurd when he looked at Essek. Essek, who was looking back at him with those violet eyes, faintly luminescent in the shadow of their Xhorhouse. Essek, with his smattering of pearlescent freckles and the slight downturn of his mouth as Caleb continued to stubbornly say nothing, because more than trading couched words, he wanted to kiss it. Essek, who was the problem without a solution, because Caleb couldn't have normalcy and friendship and this strange, simmering thing between them as well as the power that it would take to save the next little redheaded Zemnian from killing his loved ones.

But oh, it was tempting.

"You've gone quiet," Essek said, though his tone didn't sound prying. "You need not say yes. I apologize for putting you in such a position."

"Nein, I simply—" Caleb looked up at Essek, still dreamlike, still very far from him. "I am very used to being alone."

"Well," Essek looked thoughtful, and more than a little beautiful. "Perhaps you do not need to be. But you need not decide now. We're leaving for a bit, tomorrow. Jester will let you know when we're back, I'm sure."

"Fair travels," Caleb said immediately as he took a half-step back, though not yet turning away. Essek didn't move from where he stood, that half-smile curving up at Caleb's stuttering step, but less cruel than in shared jest.

"To you as well," Essek watched him for a moment more before he turned, slipping back inside the mansion. Caleb waited until the door closed, until the light in the window was out, and Teleported away right there, in the middle of the street.

Caleb! The voice piercing his mind was not entirely an unwelcome one and Caleb blinked, glancing about the small section of the Marble Tomes that he so often frequented, unnecessarily afraid that anyone nearby may have heard. Of course, there was nobody about—he chose his research space specifically for that purpose—but the brief, panicky fear of disturbing others rose up sharply in his throat. He swallowed it back as Jester continued. Oh MAN, have we ever got something for you! Are you busy right now? You should definitely come over. By the way, this is—!Caleb waited, briefly stunned enough by the message that he forgot that he was able to respond. He cleared his throat, tracking his words easily, like an abacus at the back of his mind. "Jester, it is good to hear from you. I can be there later today. I hope all of you are well."

He sat back, a sharp spike of fear racing through him as he waited for the second message. After a long enough period had elapsed, he allowed himself to relax, collecting his books and parchment and wondering at what the Mighty Nein had in store for him this time. Briefly, terrifyingly, he entertained the idea that they had returned with the last Beacon, almost dropping his armful of books at the thought. He stowed them quickly in his Wristpocket, pushing the thought from his mind lest he get too hopeful. The conversation he had had with Essek still echoed however, and as he descended the long spiral staircase, he allowed himself to think that if anyone could have secured a Beacon in such little time, it would have been the Mighty Nein.

"Shadowhand!" Caleb turned at the voice, smiling reflexively before he could precisely pinpoint the speaker. Racing up to him was Uraya, and he felt himself relax at the sight of them, his smile turning genuine. They stumbled to a stop and he reached out to steady them, just in case. Uraya had been the very first person assigned under him, all those years back, before he had even been Shadowhand. Their expertise had been invaluable at the time, and there had been a number of opportunities for them to take on new roles or ascend higher in the ranks of the Dynasty's Court, but they had stayed instead, and Caleb was eternally grateful to them. "I'm glad I caught you in time."

"Is something wrong?"

"No, no," they turned and began walking towards the exit as Caleb kept pace. "But I was near the teleportation chambers when the Mighty Nein arrived an hour or so ago. They looked somewhat harried—I think they have something big planned."

Caleb took Uraya's words in, thoughtful as they walked through the empty, echoing halls. "You don't think...?"

"It's not possible," Uraya agreed quickly, though they both shared a brief look, and Caleb couldn't help the thrum of wonder that bubbled in his chest.

"But what if they did," he said, and Uraya huffed a laugh.

"It wouldn't— it doesn't do to get our hopes up."

"Speculation is a valid form of study and thought," he pointed out.

"Aren't you supposed to be a bastion of order and reason?" They gave him a look. "This seems a bit more than speculation."

Caleb cast an eye about the hall and, when he didn't see anyone in their immediate vicinity, whirled about and clasped his hands to Uraya's shoulders with a grin. "It would change everything."

"It would have to have been stolen." Their tone was always gruff, but Caleb caught the hint of a smile poking through.

"Ach, you're right." Caleb dropped his hands and continued towards the doors, Uraya keeping up with ease. "I was far more caught up in the heist of it all."

"Oh, to have a scrying eye while that was happening," Uraya sighed dreamily. Ahead, the guards stationed at the doors were already pulling them open with a brief nod to the pair.

Caleb nodded to them in thanks as they exited the Conservatory. "I would have paid good gold to see it. Platinum, even."

"But it might not have even happened."

"But it could be something else entirely," Caleb agreed. He glanced down. "They did Send me a message to let me know that they had something for me, though. I'm on my way over there right now."

"You—!" Uraya stumbled to a stop, eyes wide as Caleb spun around, grinning as he kept walking backwards away from them.

"Apologies, I must keep going! It wouldn't do to have our esteemed guests kept waiting."

"You Send to me the moment you know," Uraya demanded before their eyes went wide and they cast a sharp gaze about.

Caleb only grinned, throwing a wave over his shoulder before continuing on his way.

Caleb had never been one for gambling—literally, that was—but he amused himself once again by guessing at who would be the one to open the door to him this time. Caduceus and Fjord didn't quite seem the type, the former likely being occupied elsewhere while the latter would likely prefer to let his companions vie for the role. He landed on Nott, ultimately, deciding that her curiousity would likely win out over any other overriding factors.

He was, to be frank, trying to avoid thinking any deeper about the Mighty Nein.

The door pulled open quickly, and Caleb blinked back at the goblin standing before him, whose wide, luminous yellow eyes were rimmed with red. She was wiping absently at her nose as she looked up at him with a watery smile. "Oh, hi."

"Is this a bad time?" Caleb could already feel his anxiety mounting, and he swallowed against the discomfort in his throat. It wouldn't do to just turn and leave, but he couldn't imagine going in if there was something disastrous waiting for him.

"No! No, it's, um," Nott smiled, pulling her arms around herself. "Yasha came back."

Caleb could feel his own surprise writ across his face, unable to hide it. "Truly? I thought— Forgive my rudeness, but I thought that she was lost to you."

"She was, but," Nott stepped back to let Caleb in. "We managed to rescue her."

"That's incredibly impressive," Caleb said lightly as he stepped inside. The house felt oddly quiet, though he got the sense that the Nein were all present, somewhere in the house. It felt strangely tense, as if in the quiet, they were waiting for the other shoe to drop. "Is that what you wished to tell me?"

"No, um," Nott looked briefly torn, but glanced upstairs. "We'll go to the Happy Room. I think everyone's there."

Caleb only nodded, silently puzzling over what, exactly, a Happy Room was, and if he needed to prepare before going into one. Nott led him upstairs and down the hall, not bothering to knock on the door, instead slipping inside silently, almost as if being pulled. Caleb hesitated, but slid inside when he heard only soft murmurs and saw only the gentle glow of lavender.

He shut the door behind himself and glanced about the room. He recalled it being originally outfitted as a secondary laboratory, perhaps a library if there had been the inclination, but instead Caleb found himself in an open field. The scene looked like a Xhorhasian landscape, rocky and barren at first glance, but lush in details. Across one wall was painted the early fiery glow of a sunset, and its orange-pink glow faded across the ceiling and danced over the various walls, filling the room with it's warmth. On the opposing wall was a huge tree, painted elegantly to fill the wall, yet still kept to the narrow perspective of the space it was adorning. Caleb recognized it immediately as the Arbor Exemplar, and wondered briefly at its significance here before he turned his attention back to the task at hand.

The room itself was adorned with a number of cushions and plush seating, as well as one low, central Vurmaloc wood table that had a number of small, intricate carvings in it that Caleb didn't think had been there initially. He ignored that in favour of watching the figures seated on the couch, feeling suddenly as if he was intruding. Most of the Nein were scattered about on the cushions, seemingly in various states of health, though all looked well enough to be conscious, which was a feat in itself. On the couch, however, sat Beau, Essek and, nestled between them, Yasha. The barbarian was curled into a small bundle, though her eyes were wide as she looked up at the lavender shapes that Essek was painting in the air above them.

"...but that was in the Lotusden, and I've always hated that part of Xhorhas," Essek was saying, and Caleb realised that the shapes he was drawing were flora, recognizing the telltale blossom of the swallowfire tree—an ugly thing, shrivelled and gray as the cinders that fire left behind, but made oddly beautiful by Essek's Prestidigitation. He swept his hand through the image, dispelling it as he began to draw a new one. "We saw this one in Rexxentrum. I couldn't get it for you because we were rushing to, well, stop you, but it reminded me of you. It was growing up through the cracks in the cobblestones." His fingers danced quickly through the air, painting a familiar shape to Caleb's own eyes. He couldn't help the soft, "oh," of surprise as he recognized the long, broad leaves and tall wiry stem.

Unfortunately, the rest of the Nein heard him as well, and he tried not to shy back under the scrutiny of seven pairs of eyes as they all turned to face him. Essek spoke first, voice as gentle as when he spoke to Yasha. "Do you recognize it?"

"I do," Caleb hesitated, but allowed himself to recognize that the Nein didn't look unhappy to see him, and had, in fact, been the ones to call him to their home. He stepped forward, leaning lightly against the back of the sofa as the group turned their attention back to Essek's spell. "They call it Cobbler's Bloom. It's a hardy little thing. You only see them in places where no other plant would survive."

"I like it," Yasha said softly, reaching a hand up to touch at the illusory flower. It seemed to ripple and shift underhand, floating down slowly until it dissipated in the bowl of Yasha's now cupped palms.

"There is a patch of them," Caleb began, and immediately felt foolish. He pushed on regardless. "If you were to return to Rexxentrum. In the Shimmer Ward, just beyond the main gate. They never could get rid of them there, and I doubt that in the last decade they have found a way to."

Yasha looked up at him with wide, thoughtful eyes, and Caleb suddenly felt itchy with the number of eyes on him. He looked away from her, as if that would have helped, and caught Essek's gaze unwittingly. He shrugged off the feeling as he straightened, looking to Jester instead. "You said that you had something for me?"

"Well, hold on," Jester was lying flat on her back in a mess of cushions and she seemed to strain to sit up, though Caleb thought that she was being just a touch overdramatic, for his sake. When she was fully sitting up she yawned, looking around at her companions. "Alright, who wants to tell him?"

"We found the last Beacon," Beau said, from where she had slumped over the table. She turned her head so that her cheek was resting on its surface, face angled towards him. "Somewhere called the Vergesson Sanitorium."

Caleb felt his blood run cold. He froze in place, hand instinctively going to the pendant about his neck as he flashed a rapid See Invisibility about the space. Almost without thinking, he cast out a Detect Magic as well, an impulsive move that had the group sitting up and eyeing him far more carefully than if he had simply reacted normally. He cursed his brief dip into weakness in equal measure to the relief that coursed through him as his spell caught only on the various items that the Mighty Nein bore. Beau was still watching him oddly, and Caleb didn't let himself analyze the faces of the rest of the Nein. Oddly, unexpectedly, he felt something almost like kinship with the other human, and when he went to explain his lapse, he didn't feel compelled to lie. "I know it."

"You do?" Beau pulled a face. "It was kind of a weird place. Halfway between a Cerberus safehouse and an actual sanitorium. What do you know about it?"

Caleb hesitated, the usual lies that came so quick and easy now thickening his tongue and making him slow and unsure. The truth felt too heavy, but a lie was unconscionable in such a warm, homey space. "It is both things you mention. It is also the last place that I had seen your Beacon."

"The last place...?" Beau's eyes widened slightly in realization, drawing connections between their midnight conversation and Caleb's words now. Caleb looked away, concentrating on memorizing what a sunrise looked like, even if it was only a painting on a wall. She continued, and Caleb did not look back. "I guess it's out of the way and safe enough."

"It is both of those things as well."

"Well," and Beau stood up with a groan. "Lucky for you, there's no need to return. We didn't get the Beacon."

Caleb looked back at her, raising an eyebrow. "Those two sentences seem rather at odds with each other."

Beau rolled her eyes from where she was already leaning over Jester to help her up. "We don't need to return because the Beacon didn't need to be stolen. The King has agreed to peace talks, with the return of the Beacon being one of his proposals."

Caleb stared at her, mind made slow now for an entirely different reason. Around him, the Nein seemed to be gathering themselves to depart and Caleb felt oddly stuck in time, unable to move. It was Caduceus who knocked him out of his reverie, standing up with the others and smiling at him. "Did you need a moment, Mister Caleb? It's probably a lot to take in."

"I... I think I might, actually, yes." The words came as if speaking them through water, and Caleb was surprised that his mind was focusing so heavily not on the budding peace treaty nor the discovery of the last Beacon, but on the Sanitorium and all those lost years.

Caduceus only nodded easily. "We'll be downstairs. Call if you need something."

Caleb was still watching the sunrise to his left, and thinking about how cruel it was, that he could hardly remember the look and feeling of the sun, yet his memories of being broken within the halls of that Sanitorium were still so fresh, and so heavy. He could feel, distantly, that he wasn't breathing out, that he should be breathing out, but he could only grip at the back of the sofa and stare at the sunrise, recalling how it had felt to awaken from that stupor years ago when he stared into the light of a thousand million possibilities—the realization that he was in control of his own fate and that he had the power to command others', if he only took it.

"Do you want to be alone right now?"

Caleb exhaled. His breath came in a sharp, short burst, and it was only more weakness, to have Essek see him like this. Except as he turned around, seeing the hesitation on the drow's face and the way that he gripped the doorframe as if ready to turn around and leave at any moment, Caleb realized that he didn't want to be alone. And wasn't that something. "No, I don't think I do."

If Essek was surprised, he didn't show it, only stepping back inside and making his way over to his previous place on the couch. He blocked Caleb's view of the sunrise—a boon, probably—as he folded himself against the armrest, looking up at Caleb thoughtfully. "I won't pry into your past. I don't think it's our place—my place—to do so. But I'm sorry for what happened. And I hope that in a roundabout way, we can help by doing all of this."

Caleb considered the words, mulled them over in his mind as he looked down at the table instead, and was that a tiny dick carved into the edge? "Don't take my actions to be commentary on the work you've done. It's incredibly impressive, but." He paused, considered. "There is a reason why I left the Empire, and a reason why I am unable to return, and they are not necessarily the same. I was being genuine when I said that there is much you do not know of me."

"I would like to," Essek said, softly, and it was enough to make Caleb look up at him in surprise. "If you would let me."

He held Essek's gaze, feeling suddenly unequipped for this conversation, whatever it was. Perhaps it was cowardice, or that damnable weakness, but he changed the topic. "Do you know what it will mean, to return a second Beacon?"

Essek watched him for a long moment, and Caleb suddenly feared that he wouldn't go along with his change in topic, that he might continue to press Caleb until he faltered and said something ridiculous like, I think you and I might have everything in common, and that terrifies me. Or, well. Something similar. Instead, Essek stretched, rolling his shoulders roughly and crossing his arms over his chest. "We have a plan for navigating that end of the conversation. But I have thought on it more, and I maintain that I doubt my mother's obsession would remain so concerned with me, were I to leave Rosohna. I think that I can make this work with some very delicate phrasing."

"You're not afraid of the repurcussions if you should fail?" Caleb asked.

"I'm very afraid," Essek corrected, and the way he said it, so easily and without issue, made Caleb very jealous indeed. "But I also know my time in Rosohna is coming to an end. If that is to be the case, then my story will simply be whatever the people wish to believe about me. I am alright with being a ghost, or a champion, or a heretic. I will see this Beacon delivered, and then I will leave." Essek smiled. "And I do not intend to return."

"They may still give chase." Caleb pointed out. "If not your mother, then the Bright Queen."

"Not if they believe me to be lost, or a lost cause," Essek looked away. "I do not have plans after we eventually—" He waved his hand vaguely. "But the world is vast, and I am not bound to any of it. Though I think that I would like to settle somewhere, still. I'm partial to Nicodranus."

"Which is something I would very much need," Essek looked back at Caleb, smile softening. "I think I regret being unable to do more, though. In another life, I would have liked to teach."

Caleb stared. It felt easy, too much so, and his mind raced with those permutations of potential that scattered and shone around him, some brighter than others. There was a moment, quicksilver and brief, where he imagined asking it. Start a school with me? Or, more concisely perhaps: Help me achieve the only dream that I have held since I lost my own childhood to an endless war? Either option would have worked, if he let that potential take root.

Instead: "You've been an excellent teacher to me."

"You're too kind," Essek laughed. "I can't even get you off the ground."

"Perhaps you would have better luck moulding younger minds, not so set in their ways," Caleb said, and he felt dangerously close to a precipice as he spoke, though he wasn't entirely sure which one.

"You're a challenge," Essek replied easily. "I like a challenge."

"I think a classroom of young mages who are unable to control their magic would also be a challenge," Caleb offered. "A better one. A challenge more deserving of you."

"I think I can decide what challenges are deserving of me," Essek said, and the way he watched Caleb felt strangely piercing, as if he could see through him and into him and still chose not to turn away. Caleb tried not to shy away from his gaze, but wasn't entirely sure that he succeeded.

From somewhere just beyond the door came a voice, Fjord's. "Essek? The Bright Queen said we could come by soon."

"I suppose that is my cue to leave as well, then," Caleb said, straightening. Essek watched him for a beat longer from the sofa, before standing as well.

"You should attend court with us," he said as Caleb pushed open the door. Fjord must have already left, and Caleb began his descent down the spiralling staircase.

"Oh? I have not been called to it. And I do so hate to attend Court when it is not asked of me."

"Well," Essek sounded cautious from behind him, and Caleb glanced back to catch his perturbed expression. "Our shared problem doesn't work if you are not seen as a boon to my mother and the Bright Queen, yes?"

They both stepped out into the main entryway, where the rest of the Nein had congregated, dressed in their Kryn finery. Caleb scanned them briefly before looking back to Essek, hovering in the doorway. "Yes? I suppose so, but I'm unsure how that would work."

Essek's eyes flicked toward the Nein before returning to Caleb. "We tell them that we brokered this deal for the Beacon specifically under your direction. The Beacon will not be returned by our hand, but by the Shadowhand's. The credit will be entirely your own."

Caleb blinked. Blinked again. Tried to process Essek's words more slowly as clamouring emotions mounted, rocking through him like the rushing waters of a stream. He tried, in vain, to parse Essek's words as quickly as he could, the possibilities branching off of this moment feeling suddenly endless, yet light as a feather. "Don't— You do not need to tie yourselves to me in such a way. My political missteps are not yours to correct."

"Well, we took a vote," Beau said, brusque as ever. "Besides, it's what friends do. And to be honest, we don't love the idea of Essek accidentally  becoming a Champion of the Luxon just because we lucked into two Beacons. It seems a bit misguided of them, considering."

"Yes thank you, Beau," Essek rolled his eyes but looked back to Caleb, pressing on. "It is not so odd for a Shadowhand to not speak of their missions openly in Court until they are fulfilled, and the Bright Queen I think would not be displeased to hear that you guided us to attempting such a mission. The only deception would be that you were not explicit in your command initially. The rest is easily corroborated."

Caleb shook his head, trying to wrap his head around what Essek was saying. He couldn't entirely fathom the well of kindness being extended to him in that moment, and so he ignored it—for now. Instead, he looked to Caduceus, because he couldn't look at Essek, not then, not quite yet. "If all this works, if the Bright Queen accepts this parlay and you manage the impossible, I suppose I will have to take you up on your offer for dinner."

It worked. Of course it did.

Caleb stared up at the stonework building before him and realised that he still had not seen the sun in months.

It was a sobering thought, made moreso as he slashed his hand through the air and pulled the third finest vintage of his wine from his Wristpocket, feeling a bit foolish. It had felt wrong to bring anything less, because he knew that Essek at least would know how expensive and precious it was, but the gesture still felt so deeply empty in the face of everything the Nein were promising him.

He sucked in a single, shuddering breath, and started forward to knock at the door. Before he had even reached it, he heard the sound of raucous laughter from within, and for the briefest of seconds, he regretted his choice to even approach. There was a strange taste to the air, and Caleb could feel the diverging potentialities as he approached the door, the understanding that doing this, going through with this, would somehow change his life irrevocably.

The laughter quieted, and Caleb could feel the itching anxiety washing over him, trying to keep up his neutral Shadowhand persona as he waited. The seconds ticked by viscerally, and he was close, so close to turning around before he caught the briefest of flutters at the side window and knew he'd been spotted.

The door jerked open and Caduceus stood before him, looking bright and warm and kinder than Caleb thought he had any right to look. "Oh, hello."

"Ah, hallo," Caleb cleared his throat, catching sight of several other members of the Nein poking their heads around the corner of the doorway just beyond the entry. Essek and Yasha seemed conspicuously absent. Caleb looked back at Caduceus. "I wanted to take you up on your offer?"

He hated how his words came out as a question, but Caduceus didn't seem to mind. "Oh, that's just great. We've been having a bit of a buffet, of sorts. Come on in."

Caleb stepped inside, spotting the rest of the Nein scurrying away save for Nott, who hovered in the doorway, watching him cautiously. He hesitated before waving at her, and she stepped out fully, padding up to him and Caduceus on silent footing. "Hello Mister Caleb, come for dinner?"

"I have indeed," he said lightly, quickly draping his mantle over the chaise by the door and following Caduceus toward the dining room. "How are you?"

"Oh, you know," Nott waved her hand vaguely. "Waiting for the next thing to befall us. The usual. This time it seems like it'll be peace talks."

"It does seem that way, doesn't it?" Caleb hummed, wonderingly. "I would never have contemplated such a thing, so soon."

Nott said something else just then, but Caleb was rounding the corner into the dining room and came to a sudden stop as he took in the scene. It was, perhaps, not so odd—the table was bedecked with food, a number of Xhorhasian delicacies  smattered with a handful of strange foods that seemed familiar, but Caleb didn't quite recognize. The oddness came from the pair sitting centre—Yasha and Essek side by side, laughing uproariously with Essek's forehead pressed to Yasha's shoulder while she ducked into herself, as if trying to smother her own joy. Scattered around the table were the rest of the Nein, helping themselves to food or chuckling along, depending. From his place left of centre, Essek seemed to be trying to articulate words through gasps of laughter. "—and she- she just said, 'What's he going to do, curse my mount?'"

Yasha burst into another peal of laughter, head thrown back as Essek pulled away from her shoulder, wiping at his eyes. His face was flushed a deep purple from the laughter, and Caleb watched him reach for the familiar sight of giant spider legs, laid out like a feast on a platter before him and Yasha. Caleb swallowed, glancing about and realizing that Caduceus and Nott had seated themselves already. Before he could second guess himself, Caleb dropped into the seat between Caduceus and Nott, across from Essek.

The drow didn't look surprised as Caleb sat down, his face still bright with cheer and good humour as he dipped his head in a nod of greeting to Caleb, who was surveying the meal before him. Without his mantle to shield him, he awkwardly produced his gift of wine, handing it off to Nott, who was closest, with a polite smile. She beamed as she took it, studying the label fruitlessly—it was, after all, written in Undercommon—before holding it up to Essek. He leaned across the table, squinting at it before nodding approvingly. "Solvia Grove. Very fine, thank you."

"It's nothing, truly," Caleb dismissed quickly.

"If that's nothing, I'd like to see your actual stores then," Essek hummed, cracking a spider leg and poking and prodding the meat from within its exoskeleton.

Caleb glanced about the rest of the table, taking in the spread fully. "Are you celebrating something in particular?"

"Yasha's return," Fjord said from his end of the table, lifting his glass. Around the table, everyone lifted something—teacup, glass of milk, spider leg husk—and echoed Fjord's words brightly. Caleb's glance slid to the barbarian, who only smiled privately to herself, plucking a spider leg from Essek's plate. Fjord took a sip from his drink and frowned thoughtfully. "And to the peace talks, I guess?"

"Hear, hear," Beau echoed, though she didn't seem to need a toast for permission to drink as she reached at an angle across the table towards Nott, seeking out Caleb's now-aerating wine. She looked up as he watched her, and gestured vaguely towards him. "You eating, Caleb?" There was laughter in her eyes and he raised an eyebrow at her, glancing down at her plate.

"Ah, yes." He very purposefully picked foods from the various dishes and platters that Beau had already chosen for herself, shooting her a look and tapping the side of his nose knowingly. She grinned.

"So, Caleb," Jester, who had placed herself at the head of the table and seemed to be commanding the space well, leaned in, nibbling at an odd oblong fruit while she smiled at him brightly. "Are you single?"

"Ah—" he tried his damndest not to choke on a particularly leafy vegetable, eyes going wide. "Um. Yes."

"You're not married?" Beau leaned halfway across the space, her belt skimming the top of one of the sauce bowls. Caleb tried very hard to swallow the fibrous plant stem that he was eating and not die at the dinner table.

"Ah, no." He did not look at Essek. "I have occupied my time in other ways."

"Huh." Beau leaned back, and very pointedly did look at Essek. "That's cool, I guess."

Caleb took a bite of something from his plate, more concerned with being unable to answer questions than what he was eating. He found himself sending up his thanks and prayers to the Luxon or whatever else may have been listening as Fjord leaned across the table to ask Essek something, with that side of the table descending into idle chatter that he tuned out while surveying the spread before him.

At his side, he noticed that Nott was oddly quiet, looking more thoughtful and eating less. Cautiously, and trying not to overstep, he reached to his right for a bowl, catching her eye with the corner of his vision. He picked at the threads of their last conversation. "If you were not waiting for the peace talks to befall you, what would you be doing?"

She looked up at him, and there was a strange kind of melancholy in her eyes, something sad and weighty that felt old—a burden she had carried for a long time. Caleb knew the look well. "I've been working on something for a while, now. Well, Essek has. I've just been waiting around for him to figure it out. A spell, that he thinks will help me."

"Do you need help, then?" Caleb asked hesitantly, unsure of how much Essek had told the goblin of what he knew.

"With the spell?" She looked briefly hopeful. "Perhaps. If he can't figure it out, but Essek is very smart."

"I concur absolutely," Caleb smiled. "He's much better at Transmutation than I am at Graviturgy, at least."

"Oh, I don't really know a lot about magic-y things," she shrugged, but seemed distantly pleased at Caleb's words still. "It's- hm. It feels too much sometimes, to take in the fact that someone out there in the world cares about me so much that he's willing to learn an entirely new and unfamiliar discipline of magic for me. For me! I don't think I'll ever be able to repay him for it."

"I believe in our last conversation, I said that that was what friends were for, didn't I?" He smiled at her. Then gave a half-hearted shrug. "Which is, perhaps, hypocritical of me. I don't have many friends."

"You're friends with Verin, aren't you?" She asked, and Caleb cast a glance across the table, towards Essek. He was still engrossed in his conversation with Fjord and Beau, and Caleb looked back to Nott, somewhat discomfited by the fact that she watched him the whole time.

"Yes, good friends. He more or less assigned himself to me when I first joined the Den, and we've kept up our relationship since then."

"Ooh, relationship?" She crowed, giving Caleb a wide, toothy grin.

"No- what is with you people and asking incredibly invasive questions about others' personal lives?" Caleb hoped his tone came off as beleaguered and desperate as he was, if only to mitigate any further teasing.

"Take it as a compliment. We like you enough to fuck with you." Nott sipped at her glass with a smug smile. "Besides, I've been merciful enough to not ask about the one relationship we all actually want to know about."

"I think it is a poor compliment if the one party does not feel particularly bolstered by it," Caleb huffed, pointedly not addressing the second half of her statement.

"Nott, are you bothering our esteemed guest?" Fjord asked, jabbing at the goblin's ribs from his place on Nott's other side. She dodged out of the way with alarming dexterity, and Caleb only raised an eyebrow at the whole production.

"We were simply having a lovely conversation about future goals," Nott countered. Her eyes took on that same sad tinge and she added, "and Essek's spell."

"She was saying you could use aid in it," Caleb added. "And I admit, I'm more than a little interested in being a part of the creation of new magic."

"Is that why you want to help?" Beau asked, and Caleb wasn't entirely sure what her expression hid, but she looked almost wary.

He frowned. "I admit, I don't know much more than what has been presented to me. If there is another reason that you feel I should know of, I would be happy to hear it."

The table grew quiet, and all eyes turned to Nott. Their gazes looked less accusatory and more considering, and Caleb waited patiently. Beside him, Nott put down her cutlery, wiped her mouth, and then glanced up at him. He noticed her fiddling with the familiar ring on her hand, and between one blink and the next, she had shifted form into the familiar halfling woman from before. Caleb twisted in his chair to face her fully as she spoke. "I'm not- this is not my body."

"You are—were?—this halfling woman?" Caleb asked gently and, after a moment's consideration, added, "Veth?"

Her eyes widened at the name, but she nodded rapidly. "There was a woman, and a goblin band, and- it doesn't matter all that much, I suppose. But I am now in this form, and I have been trying to change back. Or, I suppose, Essek has been trying to change me back."

"I hadn't learned very much in the way of Transmutation," Essek explained as he gazed back at Veth. His eyes flicked to Caleb. "I owe you much for what you've taught me."

"I'm glad I could help, however unwittingly," Caleb looked back to Veth. "How far have you come on this new spell?"

"Not far at all, mostly just theory, right?" She looked to Essek, who nodded. Looking back at Caleb, she frowned. "We might be staying in the city for a while longer. Could we trouble you?"

"Of course," Caleb shifted to sit back in his seat, mind churning over the possibilities that splayed before him now that he knew the full picture. "I'm sorry, for whatever that is worth. It is a cruel fate, to feel out of place in your own body."

"Yes, well," She turned back to her meal and continued eating, the melancholy air still present, but not looming as heavily. "I have learned to live with it, and Essek's ring has been wonderful to have."

"It's nothing," Essek dismissed, hands skimming over the dishes around him before he plucked one piled with an odd, flaky white fish that he held out for Yasha. "It's the least I can do for you in the interim."

"No, it's an incredible gift," Veth corrected, firmly. Essek waved his hand vaguely, but he smiled back at her as Yasha scraped half the filets from the platter onto her own plate.

"So," Caleb was still leaned back in his seat, content enough to drink wine and watch this odd group interact. "I admit, I have one burning question that I must ask of you."

"Is it about the tree?" Caduceus looked briefly concerned.

"No, it's about Yarnball," Jester leaned forward in her seat, raking her hands nervously through her hair.

"It's about the Beacon," Beau rolled her eyes, prodding at Essek's shoulder with a sharp jab.

Caleb coughed. "Actually it is, ah, why you have a Zemnian name when none of you are Zemnian?"

The Nein stared at him for a long, drawn-out moment, and Caleb found himself staring back, tensing. It was Beau who broke the silence. "It's not, like, offensive is it?"

"What?" Caleb blinked at her. A horrifying thought came to mind. "You do know that 'nein' is a Zemnian word, ja?"

"Obviously," Beau replied, then frowned. "It means no, right?"

"I would sincerely wish to know," Caleb said faintly. "What you would do if I were to tell you that it meant something else."

"Well, I'm like ninety percent sure it means 'no', and to change it now would be, like, really bad for the brand, y'know?" Beau shrugged.

Caleb stared. Cast his gaze about the group, all of whom seemed to look oddly confused at his confusion. He looked back to Beau. "So how did you come to name yourselves from a language you do not even know?"

"Well," Beau began, and Caleb immediately regretted his question. "There was this guy right? Early on, when we first joined up. And he only spoke Zemnian, like no Common at all, but he was so chatty and we were trying to make our way to Zadash, so."

"So?" Caleb raised an eyebrow, entirely unsure where the story was going.

"Just tell him, Beau," Veth grinned.

"Well, I only knew the one word in Zemnian!" Beau exclaimed. "And he had the only map to Zadash, and then it kinda became a joke, but I swear I tried to pick up at least one or two words, but he just talked so fast, man."

"So the only thing you could say to him," Caleb began, slowly. "Was nein?"

"Honestly," Fjord said brightly, spearing a small fish on his platter. "That's not all that different from her usual conversation."

"Dude I'm like, much better at conversation now," Beau jabbed her cutlery toward Fjord, across the table. She looked back at Caleb. "And I kind of gestured and nodded or shook my head and stuff. I didn't want him to realise that I only knew the one word, so I kind of pretended to just be very aloof."

"What became of the man, then?" Caleb asked, rolling a small ball of rice in his fingers and dipping it absently in a curry.

"I'm not gonna lie," Beau winced. "He kinda... got mad at me for something I said—"

"—Nein, probably—"

"—Something, and then he, uh, stormed off and left us in the middle of the Road." Beau looked thoughtful. "If I remembered what he said, I'd ask about it but uh. I don't."

"Well," Caleb wiped his mouth with his cloth serviette, amused. "It sounds like a formative experience well-deserving of being your group's namesake."

"Was that a joke?" Veth twisted in her chair to look up at him.

Caleb glanced down at her, leaning back as he swirled his wine evenly. "I'm told I'm extremely funny," he deadpanned. "Does that not come across?"

"Honestly, I'm still getting over the fact that you wanted to come have dinner with us," Veth muttered.

Caleb hummed thoughtfully, looking down at his glass instead. "You are good people. I don't spend very much time in the company of good people. To be honest, it's a bit of a novelty."

"We're good people?" Beau cast a briefly alarmed look around the table before purposely settling her expression. "I mean yeah, we're alright, I guess."

"I think that you are, whether you wish to be or no," Caleb smiled. Briefly, he allowed himself to catch Essek's gaze, which was warm and thoughtful on his, drawing the moment out until time felt stretched taut like a string. And then he glanced away, rakishly throwing back the rest of his wine—there wasn't all that much left, truly—and setting his glass back on the table. He squinted into the middle distance for a moment, tracking the hour and forced himself not to groan at its lateness. "I'm afraid I may need to depart soon. The hour grows late, and I am unfortunately in near constant need of more sleep."

"But you didn't even get to try the hot tub!" Jester cried, and Caleb briefly feared that she was actually going to tear up.

"Ah, perhaps next time?" Caleb tried, and then berated himself for his presumptiveness.

Jester didn't seem to notice—didn't seem to mind—as she frowned mightily. "Alright. It's probably for the best, we didn't exactly pre-heat it. You would have had to stay an extra few hours. Unless...?"

"I really must be going—" Caleb was already half-standing, trying his damndest not to look too eager to depart. He really had enjoyed his time with this odd group, but both the hour and his own introversion were beginning to weigh heavily on him.

"I'll see you out," Essek stood, stepping easily around Yasha, a light hand pressed to her shoulder as he made his way to Caleb's side. Caleb hesitated only a moment before following, turning back briefly to wave his farewells to the group.

He stepped into the front hall, briefly reminded of the last time he had been here and all that that had entailed. It was strange, to think of the many dimensions that this odd group of adventurers filled within his life now. He was only shaken from his thoughts as he watched Essek pull open the door, stepping out into the night. Caleb followed, reticent. "Are you leaving as well?"

"I thought we could discuss Veth's spell," Essek said lightly. He looked skyward, frowning. "And it is a nice night. For all that it is always night here."

"Do you miss it?" Caleb asked as he set off towards the Lucid Bastion. Essek shut the door behind him quickly, moving to keep alongside Caleb, but slowing as he lifted his hands in a careful somatic gesture, plucking strings of lavender magic from the air like chords on a lute. He murmured briefly under his breath, eyes fluttering closed until he was done. Essek blinked as he came out of the spell, then picked up his pace to match Caleb.

"The sky? It is the same one I look up at every night, give or take a few stars. The ever-present night? Undoubtedly."

"It's funny, that I should feel the same, but about the sun," Caleb mused. "What were you casting just then?"

"Simply letting my compatriots know that—" Essek stuttered to a stop, face pulling into an expression of exasperation before he sighed and continued on. "Ah. Letting them know where I am."

"I'd have given good gold to hear their response," Caleb hummed. Essek huffed a laugh.

"Yes, well." He cleared his throat. "The spell, though."

"Yes, you mentioned."

"It is, perhaps, not quite at the stage for practical experimentation, though I will let you know when it is. But I've been trying to determine how to draw on the chronomantic principles of reverting Veth's body back to the time when it was in her halfling form, in conjunction with the transmutational act of altering her body." Essek's words came out in a rush, and Caleb nodded along as he spoke, taking in the words carefully. "I have a strong enough grasp on chronomancy, but I find myself unsure how to revert her form over time in a condensed way. Or really in any way at all, to be honest."

"Have you considered focusing entirely on transmutation and not applying dunamancy to the process?" Caleb asked.

"I have, but the idea is... unsettling, to be honest. I'm a student of dunamancy through and through. To focus entirely on transmutation feels beyond my capabilities."

"That is fair," Caleb acquiesced. He was silent for a while, pondering the thought from every angle. "Perhaps the solution is not to treat it as a transition over time. I do not know the intricacies of the process, but i can assume she did not change into a goblinoid over a period of time, but was rather forcibly replaced in a new body. That's less transmutation and more... conjuration, perhaps."

"That sounds like what happened, yes." Essek made a frustrated sound. "Which, unfortunately, leaves me at square one again."

"Maybe not," Caleb looked at Essek thoughtfully. "I cannot say I entirely align with such a way of thinking, but you believe everything to have an innate, ah, spark? A grounding element."

"Then perhaps you ought to use that. If you were to dial the chronomancy back to the moment that spark or element or piece of, ah, Veth changed, then you could perhaps find a way to lock it, make it permanent—to ground her in that space instead. Or, well, not her but her." Caleb tsked. "You know what I am getting at, even if the phrasing is absurd and I do not agree with the principle behind it. I am not to be the caster, so it does not matter what I believe."

"I value your opinion regardless," Essek replied slowly, and Caleb could see the distant look in his eye as he considered Caleb's words. "Do you think that would work?"

"I think that if your interpretation of arcane theory and the Weave is correct, and everything has an immutable... core, then yes." Caleb ran through the idea as he spoke aloud, adjusting and readjusting his own assessment of how the two strains of magic could coexist. It was thrilling in its own way, in spite of how it countered his own learned—and practiced—understanding of the arcane. "The idea being, I suppose, that this core is her true self, and you would need only to align it with her outer self. That part, I suppose, can be done with chronurgy."

"Brilliant," Essek breathed, his smile bright. He looked up at Caleb, tempering the look only slightly. "It's quite impressive, you know. To have earned her trust so quickly. I won't insult you by saying easily."

Caleb frowned. "Have I done that? I was under the impression that my presence was tolerated only slightly less than it was desired, to be honest."

"She offered you tea on that first day, yes?" Caleb nodded. "That is ah, one of her preferred methods of testing people. I think you passed, whatever it is you did."

"You have certainly befriended an interesting group," Caleb settled on saying, and immediately felt strange for it. There was no reason really, why Essek should not have befriended such a group. All told, the drow likely had more in common with them than Caleb did. The thought felt oddly melancholy however, and he pushed past it. "I'm glad she trusted me enough to tell me the truth of her, ah, condition. I had pieced enough of it together from context, but that feels a bit like cheating, admittedly."

"It's been a long road, certainly," Essek hummed mildly. He rolled his shoulders, looking thoughtful. "So. The peace talks."

"Ach." Caleb shook his head. "I am not an optimist, but your group has certainly delivered on all your other promises."

"What will you do if they go ahead? If the war ends?" Essek's voice was soft, careful.

"I have my plans," he said slowly. "I would likely be tapped to take on a more ambassadorial position. What with, well." He gestured to himself and didn't miss how Essek's gaze seemed to linger.

"Is that what you want?"

"It's what I expect," Caleb dismissed. And then, because he was trying to play at trusting people, "...and I would not be entirely opposed. I have little love for the Empire, but I... would very much like to have the trust of either side in this war before pursuing my own plans."

"You speak so much of your future plans," Essek smiled. "It is very mysterious, surely by design."

"Ah," Caleb tried not to show his embarrassment at being called out so. "They are not so different from yours, I think."

"Yes," Caleb said softly, just as they rounded a corner and came within sight of the gates to the Lucid Bastion.

Essek slowed to a stop, looking briefly regretful. Caleb turned to face him, feeling oddly jumpy in his own skin. There was a brief silence, the quiet of the Rosohna streets filling the air. Essek spoke first. "I'll let you know when we may need assistance with Veth's spell."

"Yes," Caleb latched onto the topic with a sharp nod. "Yes, do. I'll be here, mostly."

Essek considered his words for a moment. "You're also welcome to come for dinner any time. Or any other meal."

"I wouldn't want to overstep—"

"—and I'm quite busy with research and the war effort—"

"Caleb," Essek moved forward, pressing a soft hand to his bicep with a light squeeze. The tension that had sharpened to a point in his gut unspooled and melted away. "Any time."

Caleb let out a slow, shaky exhale. "Thank you. You've all done so very much for me. It is more than I deserve, I think, and thus makes for uncharted territory."

"Then perhaps it is better to explore such terrain with a group at your back?" Essek said lightly.

"Think on it," Essek drew his hand back and Caleb realised absently that he was floating, drifting in place at eye level with Caleb.

"I think there is quite a bit to think on regarding your group," Caleb offered distantly.

And Essek, with all the charm and charlatanism that his past seemed to imply, winked at Caleb, the edge of a sharp canine poking out over his bottom lip as he made to turn around with a slight spin. "Good. Keep us in your thoughts until next time, then." The 'us' was emphasized sharply, and Caleb thought that if Essek hadn't been at the forefront of his mind before all this, he certainly was now. Vaguely, he wondered if he had ever felt a charm spell as potent as one smile from this drow, and felt his mouth go dry.

"Until next time," Caleb echoed weakly, and watched Essek drift away into the ever-dark Rosohna night. It was only once the drow was gone and he was left alone in his quiet that Caleb lifted his fingers to the air before him, fluttering through the somatic component of the Sending spell and thrilling just a bit at how Uraya might react.

"So it can simply be anything at all?" Caleb crossed his arms skeptically, watching as Essek floated slightly over him, about a head above Caleb's own. "Most components have meaning. A practical use.""It's not a component," Essek pursed his lips tightly. "It's... a prerequisite. A feeling before you cast, like your ability to bend the Weave or keep a spellbook. For graviturgy to work, you must have something that grounds you, that you can arrange a force around."

"Yet it doesn't need to be tangible."

"It's easiest if it's your own body, of course," Essek said dismissively, even as Caleb thought of at least three reasons why that wouldn't be so obvious; the drow pressed on. "But the idea is much more theoretical—gravity is a field that is constructed around an object, though that's debatable in itself. Regardless of how you conceptualize of it, the practical application of having something to ground your graviturgical processes in allows for your magic to, for a brief period of time, develop its own gravitational field."

"So I am creating a gravitational field around an idea," Caleb stared at Essek, feeling increasingly suspect. "You must understand how absurd that sounds."

"And what did your little graviturgical papers say you ought to do instead?" Essek snapped, eyes narrowed.

"They spoke of manipulating and building upon existing fields of gravity," Caleb replied evenly. "Which makes sense, I might add."

"Tch." Essek rolled his eyes. "I disproved that decades ago. They must have lost my paper on the matter—or destroyed it as heretical."

"You managed to weave heresy into a paper on graviturgy?"

"No, the heresy very much came afterwards," Essek said lightly, and Caleb opened his mouth to ask, but Essek was already pressing on. "Regardless. It is not so much making a concept tangible, but rather applying your magic to something real. It is the realness that is key, as well as the stability, because gravity cannot exist on its own. There must always be something that it contrasts against, something that it affects. Even if that thing is simply an idea. A feeling. A realisation."

"I suppose with transmutation it is not dissimilar, in that we also must start out with something real," Caleb postulated. He shook his head. "But nothing is stable. Everything can be changed, warped, decayed. I'm afraid chronurgy is no less forgiving."

"Is it not hubris, to believe that you can change the world so radically that it stops being itself?" Essek folded his legs so that he was sitting, balancing one elbow on a knee and dropping his chin to his hand. He dipped slightly lower so that they were at eye level. "Everything changes, perhaps, but that does not mean it loses what it was, what it is."

"You are so sure that things retain themselves, why?" Caleb asked, and though the words came out sharply, he intended them to be genuine.

Essek considered the question, rubbing absently at his jaw. "I think it is due in no small part to my being a graviturgist and having to re-learn my arcane abilities from the beginning. Being so deeply entrenched in grounding yourself in your own body as a means of practicing magic will lead you to strange places—namely the belief that you are a stable, unchanging being." Essek looked thoughtful. "But perhaps it's simpler than that. When I arrived in Nicodranas, I believed that people were fundamentally incapable of change, that we were the same at our core no matter what we did."

Caleb watched Essek carefully, and only realized that he had drawn away from him when he felt the edge of the desk press into his lower back. He leaned into it, reticent. "And? Do you still believe that?"

His heart pounded. Essek's eyes slid to meet his. "No. Or, at least, I think there are fundamental unchanging parts of ourselves, but I believe they can be mobilized for good or ill. In fact, I know now that they can."

"A kinder take," Caleb said. "What if someone has only ill traits?"

"I don't believe anybody does," Essek said, and his tone was easy but his eyes were sharp. "I cannot, else I would cease to rise from my trance every morning."

"I digress," Essek pressed on, straightening his spine and briefly stretching his arms skyward. Caleb watched the twist of his form, the upwards jut of his chin, the way that the fabric of his loose shirt pulled taut where it was neatly tucked into his trousers—

He coughed. Thought about the way that he had kept such wants at bay for years now, about how when he had first defected he had been so terrified and alone that the idea of verbalizing any kind of desire would have stuck in his throat like the first time he had tried to speak Undercommon. His prolonged lacking in such areas also hadn't... precisely been because of a dirth in options. He was well aware of his position of power, let alone his novelty as a human in the Dynasty and all the entailing interest that those two factors brought, but the mere idea of getting close enough to another person, of entrusting them with something as volatile as his own pleasure, well. It didn't bear thinking about.

Now, however, he was left wondering at what he and Essek could do together beyond spellcrafting and one-upmanship. The very idea felt tantalizing, in a way that he hadn't allowed himself to think of in years.

He also hadn't let his mind wander as flagrantly in years, and he was glad for the astute neutrality that he always kept his expression schooled into as he struggled to pick up the loose thread of conversation. Essek was still floating, his posture open with one hand draped loosely over a knee as the other gesticulated through the open air between them. "—breaks down the various arguments surrounding our understanding of gravity fields. If they can be called that at all." He huffed a laugh, and Caleb forced himself to as well. Gods, but if he was this bad already, he wouldn't need to worry about any kind of future with Essek after all.

Essek reached up, dragging his finger through the air briefly and drawing his spellbook from the familiar pocket dimension and into his lap. He paged through it rapidly, eyes skimming for something specific while he continued to speak. "But you surely have something in mind for learning graviturgy, no? Was there something specific that you wanted to do?"

"To be honest, I'm more drawn to the knowledge," Caleb admitted. "It is a fascinating field in its own right and I mean no disrespect, but I fear that I have little use for it beyond broadening my understanding of what dunamancy can do. Time is my speciality for a reason."

"And what is that reason?" Essek stopped his paging, looking up at Caleb with a disarming expression.

Caleb froze. "What?"

"You mentioned once that you often wished to be able to change the past," Essek pressed.

"I believe my words were that I knew well the feeling of wishing things were different."

"And yet you chose chronomancy as your speciality," Essek's eyes were bright on his. "It is not so hard to draw the connection."

"Perhaps not," Caleb agreed. He watched Essek for a moment longer, assessing. He had no intention of discussing the intricacies of his tragic past, didn't entirely believe that he could have gotten through even half of it without breaking down, but perhaps there was something he could say. "There are... things that I would like to change. Specifically, if you are keeping track, things pertaining to why I left the Empire, rather than why I am not allowed back."

Essek sucked in a breath. His voice was soft when he spoke. "Such a monumental event?"

"My life, especially lately, seems fairly riddled with monumental events," Caleb replied dismissively. "Though if you're worried about the impacts of my altering time upon the larger world, well. That is what experimentation is for. And practice."

"Indeed." Essek hesitated, and when he next spoke, his tone was cautious. "Do you think you could do it?"

"I don't know," Caleb said, and it was a lie. He knew that he could, given enough time. It was simply a matter of whether he would be granted that time. "There are many secrets we do not yet understand about dunamancy, chronurgy. The answer likely lies within them."

"Or within the Beacons themselves," Essek snorted. "Though if that were the case, we would never learn the truth."

"You wish to study the Beacons?" Caleb raised an eyebrow.

"I wish to not be barred from learning fundamental truths about the nature of our world because of the barrier that is zealotry," Essek waved his hand dismissively. "With the Beacons being kept in the Dynasty though, that becomes increasingly unlikely."

"You had a Beacon," Caleb protested, and Essek only sighed.

"And we were on a stolen ship for much of that time. Not, perhaps, the most ideal of places to experiment on the most sacred of objects to my people. Our people?" He looked to Caleb questioningly, who smiled.

"My people did not escape out from under the thumb of Lolth."

"My people, then." Essek leaned back against the open air, crossing his arms. "But I digress."

"I disagree, you seem entirely on topic." He paused. Leapt to a conclusion. "Does this relate then to why you and so many others have labelled yourself a heretic?"

Essek's eyes widened, his lips parting in a soundless 'o'. "You don't know why I was labelled as such?"

"There is much I am not made privvy to, for one reason or another." The bitterness was there, but Caleb rather thought he hid it well.

"I must admit," Essek drummed his fingertips over his lips in thought, and Caleb watched the movement with no small degree of fascination. "You continue to surprise. Here I thought you knew everything about me. All the important, cruel things, that is."

"Didn't you tell me that I did not?"

"Well, yes," Essek brightened. "But what's a little posturing between friends?"

Caleb laughed. "I cannot fault you, I suppose. Whatever your secret is, I'm quite sure I would not have shared it with me either, in your place."

"Perhaps one day," Essek hummed. "It is... a secret kept by a past me—one who was given a second chance. I like to think that I have not squandered that chance, though it feels a near thing sometimes."

"You've already done so much," Caleb protested. "Though I understand the impulse. I think it is a difficult thing, to see the path to redemption. And even more so to believe that it is feasible."

"Yes, well," Essek reached up, fiddling absently with an earring. "You sound as if you are speaking from experience."

"Ah." Essek released the earring, the soft chime of its chain filling the space with its quiet musicality. "I'm sorry to hear it, though I suppose not surprised. You seem very... determined, though. In your plans."

"My plans are twofold," Caleb said lightly. "Short term and long-term goals. I, ah... wish only to prevent the wrongs that were done to me from happening to any others."

"A noble endeavour, though I suppose redemption often is," Essek said carefully, and Caleb knew when he was being treated like glass, but he found that he could not bring himself to mind overmuch. "Do you know how you will execute these plans?"

"Yes," Caleb said softly, looking up at Essek now and knowing that, of all people, he would understand the drive behind his convictions. "Perfectly."

"Hm," Essek said, crossing his arms again. "I must admit—the idea of moving through time, it... is an attractive dream."

For a moment then, there was quiet. It wasn't uncomfortable, or even awkward, the unspoken promise of a tantalizing future—or would it be a past?—filling the space instead. But, just as fast as it had come, it was broken, and Essek smiled widely at Caleb. "But you have yet to master graviturgy, still."

Caleb, perhaps for the first time in a decade, rolled his eyes.

It was the pounding at his door that alerted him to his unexpected guests, rather than Rylla's usual tentative call. Upon brief reflection, that didn't particularly bode well considering the number of external parties ready and willing to kill him.Caleb hesitated from where he had stopped on his stairs, running through practicalities in his mind. Very few people would bother to knock on his door, and even fewer would be able to escape the keen senses of Rylla and the various accoutrements Caleb had given her in order to better monitor the tower. Really, it could only have been the Nein, but Caleb wondered at why they hadn't announced their visit ahead. Jester always seemed more than willing.

Though, there was the small matter of it being near midnight.

Hesitantly, he turned and stepped back downstairs, making his way to the door as he brushed a thumb over the copper ear cuff that curled about the curve of his ear, pointing downwards. "Rylla, do you know who is at the door?"

"Rrmph—!" There was a beat of silence, and then, "It looked like Taskhand Verin, and I think he had Uraya with him? Sorry Caleb, I was eating—!"

Caleb frowned at that, suspicion clouding his mind as he tucked one hand behind his back, preparing to cast as he used the other to pull open the door. He had only enough time to recognize the figure before him as Verin before the drow was grinning and throwing his arms about Caleb with a warm greeting of, "Caleb! It's been so long!"

The drow's strength shoved him back into the house, and Caleb fully tensed in his arms, eyes darting towards Uraya at his side and frowning as she reached up and closed the door behind them. "What is happening?"

He felt the spark of a Fireball forming in his hand, and briefly mourned the painting of the Zemni Fields that he had so lovingly hung in his front hall years ago. Unfortunately, the strange goblin—for the pair could only be strangers, surely—seemed to notice the spell and let out a shout, "Wait! Wait, don't do that yet!"

Caleb held the spell for a single second, just long enough for the wide-eyed goblin to twist the ring on her hand and shift back to the form of an equally familiar goblin. "Veth?"

Caleb twisted in the arms of the drow, and found himself nose to nose with Essek—not Verin. He frowned, briefly mapping Essek's face. Those freckles scattered across the bridge of his nose looked brighter than before, standing out starkly against his deep purple skin, and his mouth was curled up into a smile, only slightly tapered from the one that had greeted Caleb at his door. It was also closer than it had ever been before, close enough to—

"We needed to get past the guards somehow. This proved easiest."

"You can let go," Caleb replied dryly, hopeful that he could pass off the strained tone as frustration, rather than whatever it was that the feeling of Essek's arms around his waist was doing in his chest. "I won't Fireball you. Or I'll at least wait until you give me an explanation."

Essek released him, albeit slowly, arms loosening with a slight drag against Caleb's sides. A lesser man might have reacted to the touch—and Caleb was apparently that man; he hadn't been laid so low in so long, shivering slightly at the contact and turning away from Essek to try and recoup his pride. He looked down at Veth instead. "And you needed to slip past the guards why?"

"We had to come to you with the spell," Veth's eyes were bright as she looked up at Caleb, golden eyes warm and thrilled at the prospective magic. She looked to Essek and Caleb followed her gaze.

Essek shrugged. "I took your words to heart, when we spoke at the gates however long ago. I didn't wish to risk being found out by illusory magic—it's so easily seen through—and this was far too important to wait."

"You couldn't wait until morning?" Caleb wasn't accusatory, only curious.

"Essek—" Veth cast a glance between the two wizards. "He said that with your help, he might be able to finish it tonight."

Caleb raised his eyebrows. "Tonight? Truly?"

Essek bobbed his headily rapidly. "I think—" He fluttered his hands wildly, and instead of waiting Caleb turned, beckoning to follow with one hand. Essek followed quickly, trailing after him with rapid steps as Veth made her way along after them both. Caleb led them to his laboratory, curling up to the top floor and ensuring neither guest peered for too long at anything too sensitive by leaving little room for dawdling at the pace he set.

As soon as they entered he waved his hand, the various sconces alighting with a warm amber glow. He had gone without his mantle since he had stepped within the relative safety of his towers, but he discarded his waistcoat as well now, absently reaching for his spellbook tucked away in the holsters that he always wore at home. Glancing up, he caught Essek staring, tipping his head in silent question at the drow. Even more surprising perhaps, was the quick cough that Essek let out, the rapid scrub of his hand across his own face as he glanced away and then back, gesturing vaguely at Caleb's chest as an odd flush climbed higher on his cheeks. "Um, are those common? In the Empire?"

Caleb glanced down, frowning at his holster before looking back up. "They are useful. Wristpocket only lasts an hour, and I do not wish to part with my spellbook for any longer than it would take to counter another's spell."

"Ah," Essek cleared his throat. "Very practical of you. But Veth, show Caleb what we were working on!"

The distraction was transparent but effectiveness, and Caleb only noted Essek's odd behaviour for as long as it took Veth to retrieve their bundle of notes. He wasn't ignorant of the signs—how could he be, when Essek was always so quick to be obvious in his guiles—but it was odd, incongruent even, to slot them in against their current circumstance. There was nothing to be gained by Essek playing at some kind of attraction to him here, at midnight in Caleb's tower with only Veth as his witness. Which could only mean—

Well. Perhaps something to consider at a later point.

He skimmed the notes quickly, laying them out over the desk with a singlemindedness that began purposely and then rapidly became earnest. Essek's influence on Halas' notes since he had last been made privvy to them was obvious, the chronurgical equations compounding in the margins, and in some places, even covering the occasional ancient word or diagram.

At his side Essek hovered, waiting for Caleb to play catch up. His presence was an odd thing to note, unaccustomed as Caleb was to people being around while he did his work, let alone in his laboratory, his home, his personal space. It wasn't unpleasant in the least, but there was an undergirding of novelty to the whole affair that had him breathless. He extricated himself from his notes, turning to look back at Veth. "I think I can help you. The transmutational properties that Halas speaks of are a bit beyond my ken, but I think I understand enough to be able to patch it with chronurgy. Or, at least, seal the parts that Essek has already done, if you will."

"So you really think...?" Veth's eyes were wide as she spoke, and she fidgeted with her ring rapidly.

Caleb bobbed his head, glancing towards Essek. "You've done most of the heavy lifting I think, but I would be honoured to help finish it off."

"Of course," Essek's eyes were bright with the potential of it all. "You have been a part of this from the start. It only makes sense that you see it to its end."

Caleb nodded swiftly, then clapped his hands together once, delighted by this most welcome of upsets to his night. "Come then, I have components around here somewhere..."

They settled into a rhythm quickly, with Essek focusing on fine-tuning his chronomantic equations while Caleb compared them to his somewhat shaky recollection of transmutation and its principles. Veth handled the application of components, her chemical know-how drawing together the wizards' equations into something tangible and real.

They were deep into the night, exhaustion pulling at Caleb's bones as he tapped a quill against the grain of the desk in thought. He had stuck on a particularly irksome equation, unsure which variable was the key to move on to the next stage and feeling too daunted at such a late hour to try all of them. He was just about to switch tactics and move to a different section of the patchwork spell they had partially built when he felt a hand press lightly against his.

Caleb broke from his reverie, looking to his side to see Essek, holding out a mug of tea. "You looked like you may need it."

"Did you pillage my stores?" Caleb asked as he took the cup, sipping from it gratefully. The grassy, herbal flavour was as familiar and comforting as it was energizing.

Essek raised a single eyebrow at that, but mercifully did not comment on Caleb's phrasing. "Not at all. I found Rylla and requested her aid. She seemed accustomed to you taking odd hours."

"Not always of my own volition," Caleb huffed. "I am rather bound by duty to keep odd hours. If I had my way, I'd sleep until I saw the sun again."

The words were said lightly, but Caleb still caught the crease at Essek's brow, the furrowing as he sipped at his own tea. "Are we keeping you from hard-earned rest? We can leave, I know the timing was inconvenient—"

"Peace, Essek," Caleb reached out almost instinctively, pressing his palm firmly to the drow's shoulder, grounding him. "If I didn't want you to be here, I would have said as much."

"Perhaps I am too used to us being grudgingly accepted wherever we go," Essek said with a smile, lowering his mug to grasp it between both hands. He looked the absolute picture of at home, draped in loose clothes and holding one of Caleb's decidedly rougher mugs, the handle chipped in a way that gave it a thumb rest. His hair was mussed just so, a loose curl pulled from his usual coif by his own hands, which always seemed to tug and muss at his hair when Essek forgot himself.

While before he had acted on instinct, now Caleb reached up and very deliberately plucked at the lock of hair, brushing it back behind Essek's ear with a careful curl of his fingers. His ear twitched almost instinctively when Caleb's fingers grazed it, and Caleb lingered for only a second before withdrawing his hand. Essek's eyes were wide, cautious but not hesitant, as if he knew precisely what he wanted, but didn't dare hope for it. Caleb, all else aside, rather liked being wanted.

"Mister Shadowhand?" Veth's voice cut through the quiet easily, and Caleb hesitated only a moment, fixating just a beat too long on Essek before turning around.

"I think I've got your equations right, but I could use your help with proportions, I think." She looked up from the makeshift workbench that Caleb had helped her set up, eyes bright as he made his way over.

Measuring out proportions turned out to be slightly more tedious than Caleb was entirely used to. He used components in all of his casting, but tended towards whole items or elements that required significantly less measurements when writing his own spells. They were halfway through measuring out precisely equal quantities of sand when Veth breached their little bubble of quiet, her voice soft and kept just between them. "He really likes you, you know."

"Hm?" Caleb's mind was half-filled with the fear that for the sand to be truly equal, they may need to start counting individual grains, and it took him a moment to catch on. "You mean Essek?"

"Yes." She looked towards the drow, who was seated across the room, frantically filling pages of parchment with variations on a runic circle that would bind the two strains of magic together. Veth turned back to face Caleb. "He's a very private man. Not because he was intentionally hiding anything—well, at first he was, but that's beside the point—but because he never lets on about himself in, in that way. I think sometimes he feels like he owes us information, rather than us wanting to know about him because he's our friend."

Caleb hesitated, turning the words over in his mind as he tried to piece together what Veth meant. "Perhaps it is hard, when you have dealt only in secrecy and politics, to understand that some people operate outside of those boundaries. I know it has been a difficult road for me to walk."

She smiled at that, glancing back at Essek, and Caleb watched the way her face shifted into something warmer, kinder, gentler. He chanced something more. "You're very protective of him."

She turned back to Caleb, looking thoughtful. "Yes. I don't think I expected to be, but I am. He doesn't really need it, not most of the time, but I think he's knows that sometimes I need to have someone to fuss over."

"He is a good person," Caleb said decisively, and Veth nodded, pressing her lips in a thin line.

"He is a good person. I don't think he knows that, not quite yet. But I see him try so hard to be good, and he loves us all so fiercely, so selflessly," Veth blinked up at Caleb, looking resolute. "It would be a shame if you couldn't do the same for him."

Caleb raised his eyebrows at that, and if he had been distracted from their component compiling before, he had entirely forgotten it now. "Ah, hm. That's, ah—"

"Don't get me wrong, I think you're a very generous person," Veth ploughed on, and Caleb felt a bit like he was simply along for the ride. "Not many people of your skillset would help me with all this. I'm very grateful."

Caleb waited as long as he was comfortable taking, which was not long at all. "But?"

She frowned as sand slipped between her fingers, into the clay bowl they had been using. "But I don't want to see him hurt."

"That is... understandable." Caleb turned back to the components, quickly writing down the comparative weights of the two piles of sand balanced on the small scales before them, thinking all the while. Finally, "There is much you do not know about me. That he does not know about me. I think, perhaps, if he knew everything about my past, he would not feel the same. So, while the truth may hurt, I do not think that you need to fear for his heart."

Veth made a disbelieving sound as Caleb continued to sort through the components, mind wandering away from sand to the clay dish that they were storing it in. He only glanced up when he felt a sharp poke to the centre of his forehead. "You're wrong, you know."

"He's very smart," Veth continued, punctuating her words with random jabs at Caleb's head. "Don't underestimate him. I think he knows how he feels."

Caleb only smiled, and tried not to let it show as self-deprecatingly as it surely was. "If you insist."

"Tch," she shook her head dramatically. "Wizards. Also the sand isn't working. What do you think about using raw clay instead?"

And before Caleb could answer, she had already upended the dish.

They were nearing dawn when they cracked it, though dawn meant little to the people of Rosohna. It still meant something to Caleb though, and as time ticked down, his mind felt hazy with exhaustion and memories of sunlight and purple-orange skies. He still had yet to return somewhere beyond the creeping borders of night that had become his entire world, and that realization struck him just as he absently scrawled a single sigil on one of his scrap pieces of paper, only realizing a minute later what he had done.

"Caleb?" Essek's voice sounded painfully awake, and Caleb was reminded of the inherent rejection of sleep that elves lauded over every other race. He blinked down at the paper he had written upon, mind buzzing as he pieced together the final equation in his mind, slotting this singular sigil into its rightful place at the end. Then, Essek's voice again, much closer than before. Caleb turned away from the parchment to look up at Essek, who was leaning against Caleb's desk, eyes wide in question. "Are you alright?"

"I think I miss the sun," Caleb said softly. And then: "And I believe that this is it."

Essek's eyes went wide as he tore his gaze away from Caleb's and onto the page before him, scanning it as he gripped one hand upon the desk and the other splayed across the back of Caleb's chair. Poised as he was, his face was practically brushing Caleb's, though Essek was ducked low over the desk, seemingly unawares. Staring at the drow in profile, Caleb felt the sudden, overwhelming urge to kiss his cheek.

He was saved any embarrassment by Essek whirling in place, hands planting heavily on Caleb's shoulders as he did so, his eyes warm and burning bright. Distantly, Caleb thought about how he always had had a knack for fire.

"You beautiful, incredible man," Essek breathed, and he grinned wide, twisting around to face Veth with a shout as he ducked low and scooped her up into his arms. She let out a yelp, clutching the pat of clay that she had been using as a test component to her chest as Essek pulled her into a crushing hug. Slowly, dazed still, Caleb stood and blinked, scribbling out the final lines of their spell and watching in awe as the parchment flashed a brief pale blue before the ink settled back into the paper, simply waiting to be cast.

"We did it!" Essek had made his way back to Caleb's side of the room, and before Caleb was entirely aware of what was happening, Essek had wrapped an arm about his shoulder, pulling him close as he deposited Veth on the ground. He ducked forward, pressing his forehead hard against Caleb's. "You did it."

"We all did," Caleb corrected quickly. He pulled a face. "Halas did."

"Take the credit, Caleb," Essek scoffed and, faster than Caleb could process, Essek pulled back and pressed a brief, firm kiss to his forehead. Caleb blinked owlishly, stunned even as Essek pulled away to drop low and speak to Veth. He stayed that way for slightly longer than he should have, but shook himself from his stupor and, glancing down and seeing the downturned faces of his companions, set about cleaning up the laboratory instead.

Veth and Essek were scanning over the parchment rapidly, conversing softly between themselves, and as Caleb shuffled together his notes, paging through them thoughtfully as he considered the ramifications of what this meant, a small voice at the back of his mind couldn't help but note that it was nice, to have other people around and filling his space with talk and company and their own special brand of magic. It felt whole.

"Caleb?" He turned, mind stil foggy in spite of everything that was happening around him, catching Essek's wide-eyed hesitance. "I think we're going to take a day. Maybe two, Veth isn't quite sure yet. But I wanted to thank you, truly."

Caleb glanced towards the doorway, where he caught the edge of Veth, looking more skittish than he had ever seen her. He took a step forward, twisting slightly to take her in fully. "It's okay to, to feel like an outsider in your own body. Especially if that body is only a memory to you."

She looked up at him from the dim of the unlit hallway, wide yellow eyes almost luminescent and catlike as she looked back at him carefully. "But what if it isn't me anymore?"

Caleb smiled at her, sad and open. "'You' change every day. Perhaps you are not the same Veth who you were all that time ago. But that does not mean that this is who you are meant to be. Time changes us, just as much as magic."

She nodded slowly, reaching up and taking Essek's hand as he leaned into her side. "Thank you. You have done more for me than I ever could have expected or even hoped for."

Caleb shook his head. "I'm no champion. Only a man who values magic and all that it can give us."

She smiled at that, a small , private thing. "Maybe that's all I needed, then. But you've been very gracious, and we'll leave you to your sleep, or trance or whatever you do."

Caleb followed their descent out of the room and down the stairway, towards the door. "I'm a human still, though I reside in an elven city. I sleep just as you do."

"Poorly and at odd hours?" Veth offered as Caleb pulled open the door and the pair stepped out into the early morning dark.

"That sums it up quite well, actually."

Veth only grinned at that, still white-knuckling Essek's hand in hers as her smile shifted into something softer. She reached up, fumbling to take Caleb's hand in her other one, and gave it a small squeeze. "I hope the next time I see you, I'll look different."

"I hope so too," he agreed easily, squeezing her hand back. And as the pair pulled away, with Essek shifting back into the form of Verin—an uncanny moment where Caleb felt a brief hit of confusion at whether or not he was attracted to Verin—Caleb watched on, and thought about what it meant to know yourself deep enough to bend time and matter into your true form.

The peace talks were set to occur at sea, and the whirl of planning, calculations, and scouring of the borders for stray agents to recall and interrogate was all of Caleb's life for the next two or so weeks. It was odd, to foresee a potential end to a war that had defined the entirety of his life for far longer than he would have liked, and far shorter than he could have expected. He almost didn't believe that it was happening, and only found himself convinced when a council meeting ended with Leylas casting a look towards him, beckoning him back to her quarters.After his conversation on typhros with Essek, he had been wary of speaking with the Bright Queen, always unsure about how much she could read on his face. After almost a decade, he thought that his poker face was quite good, but doubted that it could beat centuries of life turned upon his measly thirty-odd. After so long, he supposed that everyone must be reduced to thin archetypes of people, likely nigh-indistinguishable from one life to the next. He didn't want to know which he fell under.

"Caleb." Leylas had settled into one of the chaises sat in the corner of her quarters, and Caleb carefully settled into the one opposite her as she gestured towards him. "What did you think of today's proceedings?"

Caleb cast his mind back over the past few hours, considering. "It bothers me that the Empire is gathering in Nicodranas. Understandable, predictable, and I do not entirely believe it to be bad per se, but it... irks nevertheless. For them to be so aligned with a supposedly neutral party."

"Very good," Leylas dipped her head and swiped her thumb over the familiar ring that adorned her thumb. Seconds later, Silena entered the room with a silver tray of two glasses of wine. As Caleb took his offered glass, he immediately clocked it as an extremely fine vintage, raising an eyebrow in silent question. Leylas' knowing smile widened, and she sipped from the glass delicately, clearly waiting until Silena stepped from the room once more. She lowered her glass and continued to watch Caleb for a beat longer. "I have a task for you, should you accept."

"Of course. Anything."

Leylas laughed, and Caleb thought of how rare a sound it was. She sounded genuinely amused as she leaned back ever so slightly in her seat. "Your loyalty does you proud, but perhaps wait until you hear my request."

Caleb set his glass down on the small table between them and stayed leaning forward, watching Leylas with keen eyes. She continued, "I would like for you to go to Nicodranas. Not during the peace talks—I think I would like for you to remain in Rosohna, though the optics of having you on the ship may be beneficial—but to scout ahead beforehand. I know we have some agents already stationed there, but I would prefer to have you attend to things, for my own peace of mind."

"What would you have me do?" Caleb asked, though his heart was pounding with the desire to recall the feeling of sunlight on his skin.

"Nothing extensive. Perhaps look out for the movements of the nobles and the city's preparations for its incoming guests. I would prefer quantitative intelligence to... snooping. We can leave the latter to those already stationed in the city."

"Alright," Caleb paused, turning over the request thoughtfully. "Was that all? I am, of course, happy to go. Perhaps for a week?"

"A week is reasonable." Leylas took another sip from her glass and when she set it down, Caleb could see the shift in her expression before she had even asked her next question. "The war is coming to an end soon."

"If all goes well," Caleb smiled.

Leylas did not. "Your role will change. You'll need to take on more diplomacy. Spend more time in the Empire, likely."

"If that is what you require of me."

Leylas narrowed her eyes. "You are not a fool, Caleb Thelyss. Do you foresee this being an issue?"

Caleb refused to pause to consider the question. To do so would be to show weakness. "Not at all. I was always aware that, should the war come to an end, I would likely become the face of the Dynasty. It is an honour to be asked—but not a surprise, if I am to be so bold."

"Hm." Leylas stood, making her way over to the side table and sitting delicately to examine herself in the mirror, still eyeing Caleb in its reflection as she did so. "It is strange, Caleb. That I have known you for so long and still find myself unable to parse you and your... goals."

"You came to us as an Empire rat," she said flatly, though without malice. "And you have grown and become a man well-versed in our customs, our intricacies, our society. And yet you have never lost that wild look about you. As if you are always seconds away from fleeing in the middle of the night."

"Ah, and to think I believed that I combed my hair enough this morning to be rid of it," Caleb lamented, and was relieved to see a smile on the Queen's face.

She turned around fully then and faced him head-on, her eyes open and genuine as she stretched out her hand, beckoning for him to take it. He did, stepping closer so that she could cup his hand gently between hers, almost beseeching in her deft touches. She looked up at him as she spoke.  "What little I know of humans is this: you burn so bright, with such little regard for that which does not concern you. But I see more in you Caleb, and it is why I put so much faith in your abilities. Do not let that trust go to waste, whatever your plans are."

Caleb could only nod, silent as Leylas released his hand. And as she gestured for him to leave, departing her chambers with a whisper of a farewell as she watched on in her mirror, he could only wonder at what, exactly, this meant for his future.

Of course, he still had responsibilities in the city, and seven of them resided at one convenient location. Even knowing that, and knowing that he would need to make the Nein aware that he would not be as accessible as he often was, Caleb still puttered about his own tower for as long as he could avoid actually encountering them face to face. In the end though, the need to explain his departure was apparent and Caleb had been scolded by Rylla enough—she was very much the only person who he allowed to scold him—that he eventually made his way over to the Xhorhouse.

In a fit of petulance he did so in the evening, hoping in vain to go fairly unnoticed at such a late hour. He thought he had done fairly well too, as he knocked on the deep maroon door. He even caught himself from smiling too widely as Essek was the one to greet him, dressed in casual clothing and floating in place, his slippered feet barely an inch above the floor. "Caleb?"

"Essek." He looked more alert than Caleb perhaps expected him to and it threw Caleb briefly, the moment made strange by all the potentialities it held delicately in its grasp. "My apologies for the late hour."

"It's no trouble," Essek cast a glance behind himself and stepped out onto the stoop, half closing the door behind him. He looked back to Caleb, smile small but warm. "What did you require?"

"I, ah—" He hesitated, suddenly made awkward by the realization that he could have done this with a simple Sending. He could lie to himself and pretend that he was doing this to garner favour with the Nein, or grant something of a personal touch in his dealings with them, but Essek was smart—if Caleb tried to say either of those things, the truth would likely be gleaned regardless. How embarassing.

The elf took pity on him. "It's fortuitous you came by. I was only just looking into a new venture, one you may be some help with. Would you care to come inside?"

"Research or practical tests?" Caleb asked, and cursed himself inwardly for getting sidetracked so easily.

"Ah, only research so far," Essek shrugged. "I was able to... borrow some tomes from a friend when we were last in Nicodranas, and they were enlightening in some aspects of dunamancy that I was unable to keep up with in my absence. Potentiality and not Chronomancy, unfortunately."

"Nicodranas? What a coincidence," Caleb was saying before he could entirely stop himself. "I was only just heading there, would you care to accompany me?"

Essek blinked at him, and there was a long, drawn out pause as Caleb felt his own words sink in. Outwardly he kept his cool, but he immediately scrambled to add on, "I was coming by to let you know that I'm planning a brief departure from the city. It won't be long, only to tie up a few loose ends, but I would be able to take you there and have you back before, well. Sunrise, by any other nation's standard."

"Just to... discuss arcane theory?" Essek asked slowly, and Caleb played at being nonchalant, dipping his head in an easy nod.

"It is a paltry expenditure of energy, and if your research draws on knowledge taken from a personal library, then that sounds rare enough to be worth it for me. Besides," Caleb added, and felt bold. "You know Nicodranas well, do you not? Perhaps you can show me somewhere new in the city."

"I..." Essek hesitated, and Caleb could see him thinking deeply, weighing his options as he continued to watch Caleb. There was a moment, a quicksilver flicker of regret as Caleb wondered if he had said or done the wrong thing, before Essek's smile turned wry. "I will need to disguise myself."

"I would happily assist as needed," Caleb returned brightly, feeling something in his chest settle and warm at the prospect.

"No, no," Essek twisted to close the door fully behind him and stepped down, dropping his float so that he was eye-level with Caleb, even standing as he was on the step above him. "You're transporting us, I wouldn't dare ask you to expend more energy on me."

"If you insist," Caleb shrugged, only somewhat disappointed at missing his chance to show off.

Essek briefly glanced back, up towards the tree that towered over their home, his expression flickering downward for a moment. Then he turned back to Caleb, his smile warm once more. "Well, shall we?"

"We shall," Caleb agreed, and they Teleported away in a brief flash of silvery-grey light.

The first thing Caleb felt was the sun, and he instinctively closed his eyes against its bright light, allowing it to soak into his skin for the first time in months. He settled heavily into the feeling, uncomfortably aware of how much he had missed this, of how natural it felt to be awash in sunlight. He was so used to shadow that he had forgotten the light needed to cast it.

When he reopened his eyes, Caleb realized that he couldn't see Essek. He cast his eyes about, looking for that pale elven form Essek had taken once before. Instead, he caught sight of the slightest shift of a drow form as Essek slipped into a side alley. With a frown, Caleb followed and caught up easily as Essek peered out the other side of the alley, seemingly scanning the larger crowd that filled the narrow cobblestone streets. He glanced back at Caleb with a wry smile. "I'm so used to only ever seeing this city at night. It is beautiful in the daylight."

Caleb stepped up beside him, peering out into the street only far enough to glimpse the passing people, the wending streamers that hung, suspended, between buildings. He opened his mouth to say something more, but watched Essek's eyes go wide, the elf stumbling backward with a hiss of, "Zhelezo!"

Instinctively, Caleb drew forth a series of somatic gestures, ending with a flourish just as Essek grasped his wrist and yanked him backwards, towards the narrow laneway between buildings where they had initially landed. He stumbled to a stop, glancing over his shoulder and feeling only somewhat assured at not spotting any Zhelezo... yet. He turned back to face Essek, an apology forming on his tongue before it died completely as he realized what his Seeming had conjured.

Caleb was near-unfamiliar with Nicodranian clothes and customs—which was why, in his brief panic, he had conjured the most obvious set of clothes for them both: Empire rags, drawn from his own recollections. He had dressed himself in finer robes, reminiscent of those that his old tutors wore, though he coloured them darker and with the faintest celestial print along the edges, for flair. Essek, however, he had dressed in clothes that he recalled himself wearing in those days at the Academy. In that split second Caleb took in the sight of Essek, breathing heavily as he craned his neck to look over Caleb's shoulder, his white linen shirt with the worn collar hanging loose where it hadn't been laced tight enough, to keep cool on those rare hot days in Rexxentrum. The trousers, too, scuffed at the knees from age, at the hips where his components pouch rested always, at the hems where he had done a poor job of cuffing them. Both had been lost to him for so long, yet here they were again, hugging the form of this strange, beautiful drow.

Caleb liked it. Essek, judging by the way he frowned as he looked down at his disguise, did not. He glanced about the laneway warily, reaching absently forward and grasping Caleb's wrist again, pulling him deeper down the path between buildings and parallel to the path of the Zhelezo. "As much as I appreciate your quick thinking, I think a drow in Empire clothing may attract more attention than my own raiment. Do you know much of Nicodranian fashion?"

"Nothing at all," Caleb said. "I can guess, perhaps? The spell lasts eight hours."

"I can do you one better." Essek dragged them around a corner  and came to a sudden, sharp stop. Caleb had only a brief second to spot the backs of a pair of Zhelezo, heading away from their current hiding spot, when he felt Essek fold against his chest, his face pressed to the meat of Caleb's shoulder and fingers tight in the fabric of his shirt. "Watch the street."

"Was?" Slipping into Zemnian, how trite.

"There are enough people about. Find some whose appearance you like and get inspired."

"I'm hiding my paradoxical appearance until you give me a new one. It hardly makes sense for us both to waste spells right now."

Caleb narrowed his eyes at the form in his arms, but acquiesced, peering out into the street and scanning the people around him. The style of clothing was easy enough to pick up on, and Caleb spotted a pair of men in deep discussion passing by, with billowing shirtsleeves and narrow-cut pants which tucked into high, dark boots. It was oddly reminiscent of the depictions of pirates that he had seen in books as a child, and perhaps Caleb would have given them both absurd hats, had he not thought that that might defeat their attempt at being subtle. He rotated his wrist, watching the illusion take as the two men slipped back into the larger crowd, then continued to frown down at Essek in his arms.

His head was tipped away from the street, the flat of his cheek pressed into Caleb's shoulder and his form curled in upon itself as the grip he maintained on Caleb's shirt held. There was a tenderness to his touch however, and Caleb wondered, distantly, when he had last been touched with such ease, such affection. It was a strange and discomfiting thing to consider, his mind drifting back to darker days in the Academy. Still— there was a hidden, secretive part of him that warmed at the idea of new memories, less tainted with sin.

But, well. "Alright, the coast is clear."

Essek pulled away quickly, not looking at Caleb and instead scanning his new clothes and nodding with approval. He turned away then, hesitant and careful before stepping out onto the main thoroughfare and squinting up at the light of the sun. It was a strange juxtaposition for Caleb, to see him—to see any drow, but specifically this one—in broad daylight, though they thankfully didn't seem to be garnering too many odd looks. Essek's steps were oddly reminiscent of a newborn fawn, skittish and curious, and Caleb stepped up beside him regardless, keeping an eye on their surroundings as Essek took in his city under the light of the sun.

Essek was quiet for a long time, but Caleb let himself watch him, and when he finally looked back at Caleb, it was with all the delight of a child discovering candy. "I haven't been back to this part of the city. I... never knew the colours could be this bright." His smile was cautious, as if he expected Caleb to rebuff him, and he was quick to glance down, examining his himself thoroughly for the first time since Caleb had cast. "You didn't change my form."

"You mentioned how you did not wish to hide any longer," Caleb replied. "I didn't think you would want your return—your latest return, perhaps—to be in the form of another."

"Oh." Essek looked up, staring back at Caleb for a long moment. "That's... true. And remarkably astute of you. Thank you."

"Of course," Caleb glanced about, deftly dodging a small bustle of gnomish women who chattered their way past him, ignoring them both. "I have to ask—do you know of any bookstores in the city? I am always in the market for something new to read."

Essek beamed. "I know just the place."

"The fact remains, there will always be two schools of thought on the matter, but dividing dunamancy into only two sub-disciplines would upend the theory behind the concept of it as a school of magic. Potentiality and Chronomancy must be different, because if the only elements that made up the school were time and gravity, it would seem all the more disparate." Essek was gesticulating wildly as he spoke, and Caleb could only shake his head. They were speaking in Undercommon, a language that the dwarf shopkeeper didn't seem to know, judging by their bored and vacant expression as the pair carried on discussing highly secretive magic. Caleb was enjoying it all a bit too much.

"But time leads to further potentialities. The two are inextricably linked. And if we accept the possibility of going backwards in time, of altering our own positionality within time? What is that if not creating new potentials?"

"You put too much weight on time," Essek tsked. "Chronomancers are all the same in this way."

"There is an obvious joke to make about graviturgy there," Caleb cut in, and over the top of a low desk stacked with books, Essek grinned back at him.

"Still," Essek protested, picking up a book and skimming through it absently. "A bit of perspective would do you good, I think."

"Perhaps I should delve deeper into potentiality, seeing as graviturgy does not seem to... be a good fit." Caleb stepped away from the low table they were stood around and made his way towards a set of shelves that angled deeper into the back of the shop.

"I've been thinking on this," Essek said, trailing after him, his accent lilting with a brighter affectation. It was odd, to hear him speak in his mother tongue; Essek seemed far more expressive in it, his accent slipping often into a blend of formal court diction and something more akin to what Caleb was used to hearing in the seedy taverns that Verin would drag him to. He glanced over his shoulder at the elf, who had lifted himself absently into a float to scan the highest shelf. "You're strong-willed enough. You have enough beliefs that drive you. If it logically follows that you are able to conjure a gravity field from a strong enough belief in something, then you should not struggle."

"And yet," Caleb smiled self-deprecatingly, plucking one large tome from the shelf and thumbing through it. It seemed to be an index of various herbs and other plants to be used in tonics and poultices. He skipped to the section on healing and, briefly, checked for one on poisons too. Finding nothing, he slotted it back into place. "I am eager to see what my tutor has in store for our next session. I'm beginning to believe that it's rather hopeless."

"Hopeless is a frame of mind," Essek huffed, dropping back to the ground with a book in hand. "Is there nothing you have an unwavering belief in?"

Caleb looked over at Essek fully then, backlit by the sun as it streamed in from the narrow windows that sat, opaque with grime and set high into the building walls. Dust motes drifted about him, caught in the ray of light and turning the sight of Essek hazy and distorted, almost mauve in the shifting golden light as it struck his deep violet skin. He was flipping rapidly through his book, a cheap papery thing that looked more like a pamphlet than something truly published and distributed widely, but it proved enough of a distraction for Caleb to watch him without Essek's notice. "Perhaps some things. Only a handful—though I hope that will be enough."

"I suppose we'll see at our next lesson," Essek closed the book and cast his eye about, seemingly satisfied. He switched to Common. "Are you finished? There was somewhere else I wanted to show you, if you are amenable."

"I am always amenable to your whims," Caleb said easily, and was almost surprised that it was true. He frowned down at the pile of books that was floating at his side. "Though perhaps I ought to purchase these first."

"Perhaps," Essek agreed, and his smile shone.

"I admit," Caleb said, as he came to a stop where thick grass gave way to sandy beach. "I am surprised that this is your chosen locale."

"I spent many nights here," Essek said, dropping into an ungraceful heap where the sand of the beach dipped into a slight hill which ambled its way into the ocean. "When I wasn't working."

"Stealing, if you care about semantics." Caleb could hear the derision in Essek's voice as he sat down delicately beside him. "Or does that offend the great Shadowhand of the Kryn Dynasty?"

"I was raised in a family where the cost of a single book made it a gift for the year, if I was lucky," Caleb said softly, more wistful than hardened. "I am no stranger to having to steal to get by, though it was never my, ah, speciality. Though I'm sure you already know such details about my past."

"Stealing, truly?" Essek's gaze was fixed ahead, on the endless ebb and flow of the waves, though his smile was soft. "Perhaps you should tell me a bit more. So that I may know you as well as you seem to think I already do."

And Caleb was charmed enough by his words to say, "What would you like to know?" and not fear that such a question was as dangerous as it could have been, in the wrong hands.

Essek turned to face him fully, cheek resting on one knee that was propped up in a bend, doubling as a shield from the brightness of the sun that was slowly dipping towards the horizon. Caleb thought that he had never seen a more beautiful sunset, and it had hardly even begun. "Anything?"

"Perhaps," Caleb offered. "In truth, I have spent little time discussing my past with others. I suppose we will find out together what I do not wish to discuss."

"Hm." Essek considered, and his gaze was distant for a moment before he spoke up. "Do you believe it can change? The Dynasty, I mean."

Caleb was surprised. Of all the questions that Essek could have asked, and after all this time, it was still a shock to him how deeply the drow cared for his country of birth. "I think it would be harder to untangle it from the elements that hold it back than the Empire. But that means little, with elven lifetimes."

"It means much coming from one of its political elite," Essek countered, though without reproach.

"I admit, I have never been as invested in changing the Dynasty from within," Caleb said, and let his voice grow hushed. "I am nothing if not aware of my own mortality and comparative inability to change things. But I can leave a legacy that perhaps, in time, will help to make a difference."

"That's the question you thought that I would ask, isn't it?" Essek's smile was wry, but genuine in its delight, and Caleb couldn't help his answering one. "I should avoid it, just to spite you."

"You're too curious for that."

"Yes, well," Essek shrugged, curling further into himself. "Do go on, then."

"You know much of my plans already." Caleb protested, if only to bide time. He looked away, towards the sea, and considered his own convictions. Overhead, a pair of gulls squawked and rode the thermals with twisting, loose movements. He exhaled slowly. "I would like to start a school. An academy to rival the one in the Empire. To surpass the one in the Empire. But it must be set somewhere neutral, where it can accept students from across the continent—even all of Exandria, if Tal'Dorei mages are so inclined." He paused, looking down to the sand and drawing absent lines in it. "I would need to leverage my current position, and any goodwill I could build in the Empire, to do such a thing. But it is worth the lifetime of work that it will surely take—I would not have any child left behind to be consumed by the machinations on either side of the conflict."

There was a pause then, a breath held as Caleb continued to look down, his mind awash with visions of the future and its branching, incalculable, staggering potential. Then, the slightest brush of fingers against the back of his hand, and he dipped his head to look at Essek from the corner of his vision, catching the wide-eyed look on the drow's face. "When you said your plans were not so different, I didn't realize how true that was."

"I didn't expect you to be inclined in such a way," Caleb said, and let the double-meaning catch in his voice. "It was surprising. But not unpleasant."

"I'm glad." His hand tightened over Caleb's, leaning in slightly to correct for the awkward angle. Essek's hair, haloed by the setting sun behind him, was caught like burnished gold in the light. "It is a good thing to have. To share."

"Is it?" Caleb breathed.

"Yes." Essek searched his gaze for a moment longer before drawing back, his hand shifting to rest on the sand, burrowing long, slender fingers in like roots. "But perhaps not with me."

"You gave me a truth," Essek pushed on, insistent. "It is only fair that I give you one, too."

"My heresy," Essek shook his head, and his exhale was sharp and bitter as he tipped his head back to catch the sun fully, eyes closed as he took it in. "Would you be so kind as to check for prying eyes? I do not speak of this lightly."

Without missing a beat, Caleb let his fingers drift into the familiar sigil for See Invisibility, blinking once to clear his vision as he scanned their surroundings. Finding nothing, he looked back to Essek who was still facing skywards, his expression oddly relaxed and almost penitent. "Nothing."

"Good." Silence. And then, "The Beacons were stolen because of me."

Caleb blinked. Let his mind fixate and twist Essek's words like a gem under a jeweller's loupe as he ran through the connotations and possibilities that bled from Essek's admittance. "What do you mean?"

"I mean exactly that. They could not have been stolen without my aid." He remained how he was, face angled skyward, but pulled now into a grimace. "I was young. A fool. That does not excuse my actions, but it explains them somewhat. There are... many complex reasons why I did what I did. Many, many, many, but I suppose the guiding one was that I was in line to become the Shadowhand, and with that, I was to be consecuted. And so I underwent the process: I walked the steps, said the words, and was guided by my mother's hand. And it refused to take."

"What?" Caleb breathed, and he thought he saw a ghost of a smile on Essek's face. A bitter thing.

"Yes, I think that was the first thought that I had, as well. And I am, as you say, curious. So I devoted my time to figuring out why. I wanted to be pious, to be the Shadowhand that I had been trained to be, and so I sought out as much as I could on the Beacons, the Luxon. Our faith." His head dropped low then, and Essek let out a sharp, angry sound. "To me, that is piety. Research, study... that is holy, in my eyes. To the Bright Queen, however, it was heretical."

"She saw it as questioning the faith," Caleb finished.

Essek nodded. "There were whispers. Talk of my lack, and I knew that my time in the Dynasty was drawing to a close. I had danced too close to the flame. But I still wanted answers. Or, at least, I wanted there to be answers, for someone to know the truth, even if it was not me. I was arrogant—I thought that if such truths were gleaned from the Beacons, that I would eventually find them out."

"You said such experiments would never happen in the Dynasty," Caleb pressed. "You were right."

"Indeed. So my last act, with the powers that I still wielded even in my limbo, was to break some of the seals on the Beacons. Not all—that would have been obvious. But just enough that, were an incursion to occur, their Empire agents would face far less resistance if they tried to take them."

Caleb watched Essek carefully, less concerned with his own thoughts than with Essek's expression, tight and guilty. "But you returned the Beacons."

Essek let out a rough approximation of a laugh, swiping sharply at his eyes as he continued to avoid Caleb's intent gaze. "You remember Thuron? The soldier I told you about?"

"Encountering him... the blind faith that he had in me, entrusting me with the very object that I allowed to be stolen. That could not have been taken without my own intervention," Essek's hand sunk deeper into the sand. "It changed me. For him to grant me that trust, to die for a traitor like me? That is a debt I will never repay."

"He was consecuted, though," Caleb said softly, though he knew the words were empty.

"And so I must live every day with the knowledge that he may be returned to us and learn of my crimes. That he'll discover that I would have given them freely, had I more time." Essek furled inwards, his hand still deeply grounded in the sand while the rest of him was wrapped in and around itself, his forehead pressed to one knee as he closed his eyes tightly, as if trying to block out the light. "No, his being consecuted does little to soothe my guilt."

Caleb reached out with both hands, gently telegraphing his movements as he pulled at Essek's palm, at each individual finger until they had been pried from the ground. Dusting off the sand that had ground its way into skin and under nails, Caleb clasped Essek's hands between his own. He searched for the words and, finding none, simply began to speak. "I told you once that there was a reason why I left the Empire, and a reason why I cannot return. They are different, though perhaps unsurprisingly, related. The details... do not matter too much, I think. At least, not now. What matters is that, under the guise of loyalty to the Empire, I did a terrible thing and the people whom I cared for most were the ones who suffered because of it. It broke me and I tried to flee; instead, I was taken to the Sanitorium, as you know, which was where I stumbled upon the Beacon.

"It felt like chance, but perhaps some would call it fate. Either way, staring into it allowed me to see endless possibility, futures and potential untapped—ones where my parents yet lived, where I ran a school for children to learn and not become weapons. And, most importantly then, some where I was not mad." Caleb stopped, realizing distantly that he needed to breathe. There was a slight pressure in his hand, and when he looked down, he realized that Essek had twined their fingers together, his grip tight but assuring in its gentleness. There was a wash of guilt as Caleb recalled that he had intended to comfort Essek with his words. He scrambled to add more. "I say all this for a reason. I cannot atone for what I have wrought. There is no penance. But I can stop it from happening to other children after me. And I can ensure that no matter what happens in my own work with chronurgy, in this timeline at least, there will be other mages to whom I can entrust the future."

"You truly believe that?" Essek was watching him through half-closed eyes, his gaze cautious as he looked on.

"I believe that I must do good," Caleb whispered. "And this is the only way that I know how."

Essek watched him for a long moment then, his hand gentle and soft as he brushed his thumb against the pale of Caleb's own hands. His gaze didn't waver, but a smile pulled at his lips. "It is a good dream."

"Though this," he continued, and his voice took on a different cadence, exhausted but warm as he stretched from his inward-facing pose out into a recline. He didn't break their shared point of connection though, merely resting his hand on the sand between them. "This is less than I intended it to be. You've missed so much of the sunset."

"I caught what I needed of it," Caleb assured him, though Essek looked back at him with thinly disguised disbelief.

"Hmm. And what of your work, too?"

"You are staying in Nicodranas?"

"I have a mission to complete here." Caleb looked skyward, briefly. "And, to be honest, I am enjoying the sun."

"Ah, duty calls then."

"Nobody would ever accuse you of shirking your work." The emphasis felt only lightly barbed, and Caleb smiled at the darkened sky.

"Oh, I don't know." He flexed his fingers that splayed between Essek's own. "I think I've done a fair share of shirking today, at least."

From his peripheries, Essek shook his head, dismissive. "Ah, but this is but a momentary lapse. Slippage. You'll surely return to yourself soon enough."

"Perhaps." Caleb tipped his head to watch Essek again, the sinking sun now almost entirely obscured by the horizon line and painting the drow's skin in hues of indigo and midnight. And perhaps something fell into place just then, or perhaps he simply landed upon a pre-existing understanding for the first time in that very moment. "Or this is the beginning of something new."

"Oh," Essek said softly, and his usual blithe confidence seemed to slip briefly, his eyes widening before his expression settled back into something neutral. "Well, I look forward to seeing what that entails."

Caleb smiled. "As do I."

"But!" Essek exclaimed, and Caleb had only a half-second to prepare before he was being hoisted to a standing position, briefly bemoaning the use of his shoulder as Essek began dragging him towards the water's edge. "There is one last thing I wanted to show you. You recall I always visited here at night?"

"I recall something of the sort," Caleb rubbed at his shoulder pointedly, but Essek seemed too intent on dragging Caleb into the boundary of the surf.

He gestured down with their shared hands, ignoring Caleb's protests. "The light has gone down enough. Look."

Caleb, reticent but willing to go along with it all, looked down and was met with the sight of a thousand thousand stars. Miniscule points of blue light that rippled and winked out as the water lapped at their ankles, flaring with each subtle movement against the current. He looked around and, in the dark of the now-fully night sky, he saw the roil of waves tossing out further at sea, alit by starlight and these strange, eerily beautiful pinpricks of night. He turned back to Essek and his awe must have registered on his face, because the other man only grinned. "Look."

He tugged Caleb closer by his hand and dipped the tips of their fingers into the waves, drawing them out with a flourish. The small motes of light dripped from between their fingers, some falling in droplets back into the ocean while others seemed to wink out entirely. Caleb looked up, catching the edge of a pearly smile writ across Essek's face, alit from beneath by a thousand tiny lights before they dissipated and he was left staring at the dark. Well, mostly. "It is like the light of the Shadowshire. They have similar properties."

"They do, hm?" Caleb reached down, dipping his thumb into the swirl of the warm water and lifted it to brush a quick stripe across the bridge of Essek's nose. He jerked back, hand pulling free from Caleb with a laugh as he dabbed at the glow. It winked out rapidly, but as Essek stepped back, still wiping at his cheek, Caleb reached up to thumb at a spot on the bridge of his nose. Essek stilled, his own thumb half-poised to wipe water from his face even as Caleb brushed lightly at the skin. "You do too."

"Oh, that," Essek dropped his hand and, at this close distance, Caleb could seem him go briefly cross-eyed to look at his smattering of freckles. "Sun exposure has surprising effects on drow, I suppose. It is rare for us to be out in it long enough for them to develop. But I am one of the lucky few."

The last words were said with no small amount of derision, but Caleb nodded absently anyway, letting his thumb sweep a path below Essek's eye and to the rise of his cheek. "I think so."

"Even after everything?" The dip of concern in his voice made Caleb look up, meeting Essek's gaze even in the dim light of the moons.

Essek smiled at that, a small thing that was tinged with something much heavier. He drew back, a single step the seemed so much farther than either of them could fathom. "I think I ought to return. It's surely late enough in Rosohna. If I stay awake much longer, I am bound to do something reckless."

"Then come," Caleb said, reaching out his hand. Essek took it and he led them both back to drier, grassy land.

It was only when he had nearly finished drawing the Teleportation Circle, that Caleb chanced a look up at Essek, who was fluttering his hands in the somatics for Prestidigitation to wick away the water from his shoes.

It was strange, Caleb thought as he fixed once more upon the glow of Essek's freckles, that he could go halfway across the continent for sunlight, yet he found it in a drow under the cover of night.

Perhaps, too, he had waited long enough.

Caleb pulled at his mantle, stifling as it felt on the precipice of the tailor's shop. He had learned to prefer it, to enjoy the feeling of being shrouded, but he knew he would have to lose it when he entered and the thought was briefly terrifying. The curtains that partitioned the shop fluttered open, and from its depths stepped Verin. He smiled at Caleb wearily, ambling over and clapping a heavy hand to Caleb's shoulder as he turned and glanced back at the entryway. "Are you going to be alright?" "I have my doubts," Caleb said lightly. He glanced back over his shoulder. "How is she?"

Verin's face pinched. "She's herself. Which is to say, she's in a good mood, I think. Seeing you would improve it, though. I'm sure of it."

"I'm not so sure," Caleb protested, and Verin only gave him a weary smile.

"Well, she tolerated my chatter for an hour, so I'm sure she can handle whatever you throw at her. My mother is nothing if not excellent at dealing with her crowd of progeny."

"And what a crowd it is," Caleb hummed. He felt a laugh punch its way out of him as he reflected on Verin's words. "It really is, isn't it? I almost pity her, this collection of us that she's put together."

"That should be your opening line," Verin agreed. He looked back, out over the city. "I'd best be off. It looks like it might rain soon, and I need to head back to Bazzoxan."

"Let me know when you're settled in, ja?" Caleb caught Verin by the sleeve, watching him closely.

"Ja," Verin grinned, mocking as he punched lightly at Caleb's arm. "You're doing it again. But yes, don't worry about me. You're to be going off to sea soon. Worry on that, if anything."

"I have made a career out of worrying about several things at once," Caleb corrected. He looked back at the tailor's, then to Verin once more. "Be safe, Verin. Don't do anything rash."

Verin smiled, squeezed his arm once, very deliberately, and then turned and sauntered off into the afternoon. Caleb watched him go for a beat, exhaling slowly before he turned back around to brave the depths of the tailor's. It was strange, to have gone through so much, and yet this was the moment that he had to steel his nerves for.

Caleb stepped forward and parted the curtains, immediately swallowed by the dim interior. Lights hung from the ceiling, suspended on thin gold chain. They were warm in hue, oddly incongruent with the rest of the decor of the Dynasty, and Caleb had always loved that about this particular shop. He thought that perhaps the warmth reminded him of sunlight or fire, and found that he missed it even as he clothed himself in traditional tones of purple and indigo.

The shop too, was cluttered in the way that tailors often were. Bolts of cloth draped from railings set into the walls, and though the room was large, it felt small as hooks and coat racks loaded with various apparel seemed to crowd in at the edges. At the centre of the room, upon a rounded white chaise sat Deirta Thelyss, hands crossed in her lap as her gaze dropped from something above the doorway to Caleb as he entered. She smiled, a small thing, and he returned the look. "Umavi."

"Caleb," her voice was warm as she greeted him, and he couldn't help but feel the rush of emotion that he always had when she welcomed him, that almost of motherly affection or affectation that he wished for. She stood. "I'm glad you are on time. My son showed up ten minutes late to his appointment, and he doesn't need his new raiment nearly as much as you."

"Ah, but I'm sure he had a good reason for his lateness," Caleb allowed his smile to be fond.

"He always does," Deirta sniffed. "It is his talent. But yours is holding court and looking the part. Come, let's get you fitted."

Caleb followed the Umavi through another set of curtains, into the wide dressing room replete with several mannequins that bore various robes and formalwear befitting his position. A triptych of mirrors was positioned in one corner, with a demarcation in the floor indicating where one was intended to stand. In another corner, thankfully, a thin papery partition created a faux-nook for him to step behind as Deirta wheeled one mannequin over. "The tailor will be by at my request, but I did not want them to harry you as you tried on the clothing. We don't need you to look how a common tailor wants you to look—we need you to look like royalty."

"I am not royalty though, am I?" Caleb returned hesitantly, as he began to undress behind the partition. He let the mantle pool on the floor and briefly stared down at it, wondering if there was a metaphor to be found in it, or if he was simply taking poor care of his clothing.

"In the Empire's eyes, you may as well be. You gained us a Beacon. Two, in some ways. And you chose the Dynasty over them. That makes you kingly."

Caleb took in her words as he began to pull on the inner layers of this first outfit, the dark breeches beneath shirts and waistcoats, and any number of further accoutrements that he had never gotten used to wearing. Absently, distantly, he thought that it was strange how this outfit seemed to mimic Empire styles in Dynasty colours; but he was far more focused on Deirta's words. "I am happy in my position as Shadowhand. I have never wished to be anything like a king."

"A Champion, then. Like my Essek is." He froze for a moment, but slowly continued his movements, buttoning the waistcoat with cutting precision. "Have you met with him since his news in Court? You must have—tell me everything."

Caleb stared at the ground, at the dark mass of his mantle upon the floor, a swirl of cloth that carried so much more than he could have ever predicted when he crossed the border into the Dynasty more than a decade ago. He studied the glint of the wide shoulderpieces as they caught the warm, amber glow of the lights, and thought that typhros was a cruel, ugly thing to have warped a mother's love into this.

It was also not a leap of logic to guess that Deirta's typhros was another reason as to why Essek had sought to rid the Dynasty of their Beacons. He had known of her devotion to them, of how they were warping her mind, and it was mere educated guesswork to suppose that a more naïve, more believing Essek would have thought that merely separating Deirta from the object of her obsession would have been enough. It explained, too, why he had been so crushed to learn of her worsening condition. All that work, all that betrayal—all for naught.

But Essek wasn't here. He was, and Deirta's expectant eyes were on him as he stepped out into the light, catching her gaze in the mirror's shining silver reflection. And so Caleb smiled back at her and did what he did best. "It is a fine look, is it not? And I have spoken to him, albeit very little on the matter of the Beacons."

Deirta stepped up, her hands settling upon his shoulders as she looked him over. She was taller than him, though not by much, and her presence swelled to fill the space around them. Or perhaps that was his own perception of himself, taken as he was with how her her silvery braids looked like firelight dancing in the open air, her white dress draped with a spun silk half-cape that was suspended across one shoulder. In comparison, he felt like a child playing dress-up, even while her smile grew at the sight of him. A kind smile, a motherly smile.

"You look quite handsome, though—" she plucked at his shoulders, her smile creasing into a frown. "This is rather Empire. Perhaps that was a specific request by someone, but I do so prefer you in our clothing. You have always looked finer in a Dynasty cloak than whatever passes for fashion in the West."

Caleb had only enough time to wonder if that was a compliment before Deirta continued. "And regarding Essek—I must wonder what you speak on, if not the Beacons? I suppose you are both accomplished arcanists, but it is a wonder to me that you would have room for more with the work you are already doing."

"I am grateful for the chance to return the Beacon to the Dynasty," Caleb began carefully, eyeing himself in the mirror before catching Deirta's eye again in its reflection and stepping back behind the partition, moving onto the next outfit. "But it is but one act in a series, all of which I hope will benefit the Dynasty. The Bright Queen has offered me the role of ambassador to our people. I believe that I will be leaving soon, for an extended period of time. I also believe Essek and his party do not intend to stay for much longer. They are fickle; they have plans beyond Rosohna, I think."

"He wouldn't leave the city so soon," Deirta dismissed, and as Caleb carefully laid the outfit back upon the mannequin, turning to don the next one, he was glad that he could not see her face just then. "He still has much to accomplish here. I expect I'll see him soon, in court. It would not do for him to neglect an apology, though he has already done so much for the Dynasty."

"Deirta—" Caleb cut himself off, straining against the weight of the conversation and all that it held. He looked down at himself, the Dynasty-styled jacket that lay unbuttoned across his chest suddenly stifling with its high, stiff collar, and Caleb felt something in his chest break. "...Do you mind helping me with these buttons?"

"Of course, my dear Shadowhand." She swept towards the edge of the partition as he stepped out, lifting his chin as she pulled and tugged at the jacket. "It's an odd fit on you, but you wear it well, regardless. I always said this tailor was a poor choice for the Bright Queen, but nobody listened to me."

"Or perhaps I am still, after all these years, unused to Dynasty formals," Caleb smiled bitterly.

"Nonsense," she tutted, her slender fingers easily looping the small fabric knots in on themselves, looping over and around the buttons that made up the slanting cut of the coat, which curved up from the hem to the high neck at Caleb's throat. "Like I said, you wear Dynasty fashion far better than Empire wear. And you have always been a handsome man, Caleb Thelyss. Do not let anyone deceive you with their whispered and jealous words."

Caleb stared back at her and for a moment, he could feel the last decade slip away, pulled from his fingers unwillingly and leaving him grasping for something to cling onto in its stead. He cleared his throat. "I have never said thank you, I think. Or if I have, it has never been enough. You have been like a mother to me, in a place where I did not have one. I have spoken little of my past to you, to anyone really, but you must know that that meant—means—more to me than I can ever express."

Deirta looked up at him from where her hands were working at his clavicle, her smile wry, and for a moment Caleb could see Essek in her, the amused slant of the mouth and shine to her eye that told him she knew precisely what he meant. She looked back down. "You know, these high collars have a dual purpose in the Dynasty. An old one, which many have forgotten."

"They are pretty to look at, of course." Her hands were at his neck now, fixing at the last few buttons. "But more than that, they centre the spinal column and angle upwards in the front. It has the effect of forcibly lifting the head, the chin." She underscored her point by tilting his chin up with one finger and deftly fastening the last clasp with her free hand. When she was finished, Deirta stepped back, not dropping her hand from his chin as she looked him over, studying Caleb's form. She met his gaze. "You are of Den Thelyss, Caleb. You were chosen by the Luxon to find us, to be put on this path to help us piece its light together. I am honoured to be a part of that, and to have seen your potential so early on."

Caleb smiled back at her, lifting his chin ever-so-slightly higher as she dropped her hand. "I will endeavour to do more for the Dynasty. For peace."

"For the Luxon," she corrected absently, taking a step away to examine him from all sides. "You have done well for its Light, Caleb. Don't undermine your own talent. Essek always did the same, insisting his work was for arcane accomplishments and the pursuit of knowledge. But we forget, I think, that dunamancy comes from the Luxon's eye.  The arcane and the divine are not so different, I think."

"It is its own form of piety," Caleb acquiesced. He considered his words. "Are you concerned that I am leaving soon? I think I will be in Rexxentrum often, though I will hopefully return to Rosohna as much as I am able."

"Not at all. You are no traitor, so I would not need to fear for you in that sense." She laughed, half to herself. "And when my son retrieves the Beacon after the peace talks, he can take up some of your work within the city. It will be a load off your mind, I hope."

"Verin?" Caleb asked, though he knew that she did not mean him.

"Essek," she replied, and Caleb's heart sank. It was not a flawless plan—for one, even if Essek wanted it, the Bright Queen and the rest of the Court would never be persuaded in such little time to Deirta's side. But to hear of the machinations that she spoke of so cavalierly struck the part of him that cared for Deirta. It was its own kind of betrayal perhaps, though in not quite so many words. She continued while he mused. "I would like to speak with him before this happens, but I have not stooped so low as to seek him out. And he is as prideful as ever, refusing to come to me. It is one of the uglier parts of being on your first life, I think."

Caleb had remained where he was, steady before the triplicate mirror, and Deirta had apparently concluded her appraisal of him, resting once again at his back and dropping one hand to his shoulder as the other brushed lightly through his hair, watching him in the mirror. "You have never been so."

"No," Caleb agreed. "No, I do not think proud is a word to describe me."

"Perhaps you are an old soul, then," she smiled. Her expression held for a long moment, and then pulled into something wider, softer. "Perhaps we ought to ensure it, even. I think you have been patient enough."

"Ensure...?" Caleb tensed under her hands as he pieced the meaning of her words together.

"You are our Champion," she declared, fierce in her convictions now that they had been voiced aloud. "And I would see you continue as such."

"But I am an Empire human," Caleb said, and hoped that he had kept the tremble from his voice.

"Not in your next life," she said easily, and squeezed his shoulder. "Come—there is much to think on, but also many more outfits for you. Your duties never cease, though I hope to ease them, if only a little."

And Caleb went, his mind in tumult.

"You would think," Essek said, as he stepped back to dust at his spotless clothes. "That there would be wards against teleporting into this district, let alone your own home."

"I was the one teleporting us," Caleb pointed out, waving his hand to prestidigitate the imaginary lint that Essek seemed convinced was marking his outfit. He looked about. "And I suppose I have not given you the tour. Would you like one?"

"Hm, later perhaps," Essek's eyes were bright as he made to leave Caleb's front entryway, slowing as he realized what he was doing and coming to a stop at the base of the stairs. He glanced back, almost sheepish. "The laboratory is upstairs, still?"

"On the top floor, yes," Caleb followed behind him as Essek continued on his path, amused at the drow's presumptuousness and recall. "You remember this tower well, then."

"I spent many days concocting plans for how I would furnish everything," Essek's voice was wistful as he climbed the winding staircase. "I almost commissioned an Arcane Dial. For the roof, to measure leylines."

"It is well-positioned for one," Caleb concurred.

"It is perfectly positioned for one," Essek snipped, though his anger was less fierce than bitter. "But I digress. Verin tells me you met with my mother recently. How is she?"

Caleb sighed heavily, and Essek let out a sharp laugh. "The usual, then?"

"No, no." They ascended to the hallway, and Caleb watched on as Essek strode easily through the glass walkway, unperturbed by its daunting height and how it towered above much of the rest of the city. Easily, he waved his hand in the somatics for a dunamantic cantrip, unlocking the door to the laboratory with ease. Caleb stepped inside, continuing his nebulous train of thought. "She is a good woman. In spite of it all, I believe that. But she is set in her ways, and determined to see you take up my role while I away to Rexxentrum."

"Ah, so that is to be the plan," Essek had drifted away from Caleb's side to look at the alchemical lab he had set up in the corner of the study and Caleb let him, deciding to settle himself heavily in one of the more plush chairs set out for reading. "What else does she have in mind?"

"She—" he stopped himself, dwelling on his own words, and thought better of withholding anything. "She wishes to have me consecuted. For the part that I played in returning the Beacons to the Dynasty."

"Oh." Essek straightened where he stood and looked over his shoulder. His gaze was cautious, open. "Is that... that is a true gift. You would be remiss to reject it."

"I would be making a clear choice if I accepted it."

"Well," Essek smiled. "Yes. But I sense you are referring to something more than ever-lasting life."

"I do not think she will cease her pursuit of you," Caleb said, watching on as Essek's smile dropped into concern. "Which, if I am being honest, is not what I worry about. You are accomplished, talented, intelligent. If you do not wish to return to Rosohna, you will be able to manage that, I think."

"Thank you," Essek said, leaning back against the desk. The room between them felt cavernous. "That means much, coming from you."

"I mean it," Caleb stressed, but leaned forward in his seat, steepling his hands. "But it also means that my time within the Dynasty is no longer assured. As long as I am in Rexxentrum, ironically, I may be safe. But my role solely as Shadowhand, if Deirta is not dissuaded, will not protect me. On the other hand, if I choose the path that she is trying so hard to lay out for me, I fear I will never achieve what I set out to do all those years ago."

"You knew this might happen," Essek chanced. "That her beliefs may drive her to ruinous things."

"I did, I do," he pulled back, palming at his face and considering his own words, always considering his words. "I suppose that I simply never expected it would be like this. That I would have to choose between my own pursuits and her... insistence. Perhaps I am being hypocritical or cruel to you, but she has been nothing but kind to me in these intervening years." He dropped his hands, looking up at Essek from across the room. "It is simply a lonely path to tread, and I do not look forward to doing it."

Essek nodded slowly, crossing the room and coming to a stop before Caleb. He worried at his lip, the tip of his eyetooth pressing at his frown before he pulled back into a tentative smile, reaching out a hand. "Then perhaps, for now, we should do magic instead."

"I can only hope it will be less painful," Caleb agreed, taking Essek's hand and allowing himself to be hoisted upright. Essek stepped back as Caleb moved to reach up, tying his hair back in a ribbon and only somewhat self-conscious of the scars that were revealed from beneath the purple silk. But Essek said nothing, only crossing his arms and waiting for Caleb to deposit his mantle on the back of a chair, tugging uselessly at his sleeves and feeling bereft at the sight of his own bare forearms.

"You won't like what I have planned," Essek admitted, cutting off Caleb's spiralling with a new thing to consider.

"Oh, good," he said.

Essek smiled at that. "Do you trust me?"

"A loaded question, Herr Nein, but you already know the answer or you would not have asked." Caleb stepped closer, and Essek's smile only grew.

"Am I so predictable?"

"Perhaps." Caleb inclined his head. "What am I not going to like, then?"

"Come, a bit closer." Essek gestured him forward, and Caleb frowned, taking another step. There was about a foot between them now, and Essek's smile had turned amused instead of gleeful.

He reached out, catching Caleb's forearm, fingers brushing over scars that had not seen the light of day in any number of years, and Caleb tensed under that hand. Essek withdrew immediately, smile faltering. "I'm sorry, did you—?" He cut himself off. "I apologize."

Caleb hesitated but considered the moment, the way Essek withdrew upon himself, nervous and unsure in the face of Caleb's own hesitancy. He was left frustrated by his own hangups, his own inability to navigate the wash of his past as it had roared back up in tandem with meeting this strange new group and confronting Essek, all those months ago.  And it had  been a confrontation, in those first interactions. He recalled the way that Essek had looked at him, the way that he had felt the implicit threat of the drow's return and treated him as such, because the idea that he could ever have been otherwise was so alien to the part of Caleb's brain that was still running, that would always be running.

Except he didn't need to run, now. He was far stronger than the man he had been when he had surrendered himself over to the Bright Queen and given her a piece of frayed parchment etched in shaky, uncertain hands with the image of all that the Dynasty held dear. He was the Shadowhand of the Kryn Dynasty, and surely that had to mean something, now, after all  this time. Though whether it meant that he would choose the path of his own design or that of another's was, he supposed, more of the question at hand. Either way, he would return to that place where he had been broken all those years ago, and face what stood there.

And he would face this moment, too. Caleb stepped forward, reaching out to catch Essek's hand in his and carefully direct it back onto his arm, where it had been placed earlier. Essek watched him do it, flexing his hand ever so slightly where it touched Caleb's skin, and looked up at him with a smile. "Unfortunately, that is still not the part you won't enjoy."

"Perhaps I will not enjoy graviturgy at all," Caleb suggested dryly, and the tension broke as Essek laughed, settling back into himself now that he was assured his touch was welcome.

"How will you know until you try it? Come closer still, you're like a skittish deer." He dragged Caleb forward until they were almost nose-to-nose, and Caleb was more annoyed by the fact that he was sure he had said the same thing or similar, to Essek once, and balked at his own words being thrown back at him. Essek was busy arranging his limbs, seeming to have taken Caleb's tacit permission as an agreement to rearrange him however he saw fit, and Caleb was content to watch him work. The unsure pull of one pearly fang against an indigo lip had returned, and Caleb focused on that instead of the still-alien touch of another's hand on his arms.

He chanced a look at them anyway. He so rarely took in the appearance of his scars in his morning ritual, when he wrapped them in the black and deep purple silks. And even when he did, it was never in the full light of torches. Yet it was strangely mesmerizing, to look at them here, now, being turned and prodded into place by gentle violet hands, lavender palms that pressed against ugly pink and white and dark red where it had hurt the most, once upon a time. None of them hurt now, except on days when he thought that they should. But those scars were further up the forearm, still hidden by the dark linen of his shirt, which he had had tailored to cover them specifically.

He wondered, as Essek's hand encircled his wrist and pulled it forward, if his touch would be as gentle, as kind, on those scars.

And then he stopped wondering about anything at all as he realized that he was now half-encircling Essek in a kind of odd, distant hug. The drow looked pleased with himself, making last prods to Caleb's elbows to set them in place where his hands now draped loosely about Essek's shoulders, and Caleb only frowned, sure that whatever was going on would indeed be something that he didn't like. Essek looked up at him again, mouth twitching in a desperate bid to not laugh. "Alright, now step up on my boots."

"Excuse me?" Caleb blinked.

"I can detail the precise reasons why you need to do this," Essek began, looking down to kick the toe of his boot against Caleb's, not unlike a child with pebbles on the side of the road. "Which involves any number of factors relating to gravity fields and the way they shape the objects that they surround, and can expand to fit things being carried by said objects, and how that would extend to you. Or," he glanced back up, through a flutter of silvery lashes. "You could take a leap of faith."

"I won't actually be asked to leap from anywhere specific, will I?" Caleb was stalling, and they both knew it. Essek, at least, still had the decency to laugh.

"No, though I'll prepare Feather Fall just in case."

He paused. Considered. "Alright." And stepped forward, shifting his weight onto the scuffed top of Essek's boots and lifting a half-inch above the other man.

"Perfect," Essek was looking down again, and Caleb could feel the slightest shift of fingers against his hip, the fluttering light drum of his touch as it moved in the briefest of somatics to lift the two of them from the ground.

It was elegant, if Caleb were to think of it poetically. Beautiful, like the first time he had seen Essek cast it. Not only the gesture, which was only the slightest pluck of slender fingers through the invisible weave of threads that bound magic together on their particular plane of existence, but also the fact that Essek had been the one to construct this spell. That he had taken a concept such as the ability to levitate, and built it out into the reshaping of gravity to his whims. And it was nearly just a whim that formed the components for this spell, his somatics so slight that Caleb had only realized they were components because he had been looking for them so intently, had gone over that first encounter with the spell so many times in his own mind that the memory of it was likely rendered some form of permanent now.

The irony, or cruelty perhaps, wasn't lost on him, that he still could not cast the spell on his own. A fact which was now urgently pressing to the forefront of his mind as he had to shift to embarassingly cling to Essek, as the elf lifted them a foot, two feet, three feet off the ground, and showed no signs of slowing their ascent.

"Your teaching skills have not improved," Caleb pointed out as he shifted to look over his shoulder, the nerves of being lifted beginning to play across the lines of his muscles.

"You don't approve of my methods?" Essek's question curved into something more coy, teased out from around an audible smile as the arm that was not at Caleb's waist looped up over his shoulder and down his spine.

Caleb wanted to say something like, "I didn't say that," or "Bring us back down and I'll show you exactly how much I approve of them," but found that, as they drifted another three feet up, he was beginning to worry that Essek was not entirely focused on the task at hand. "Is it necessary to be this high up?"

"Shadowhand Thelyss, are you afraid of heights?" Caleb still hadn't turned back to face Essek, so his amused words only  dripped smoothly into the shell of Caleb's ear.

"Not at all," he shifted his attention to their boots, adjusting his own footing to move closer. "Merely aware that if we fall at the wrong angle, I do not wish to land in any of my alchemical experiments."

"We won't fall." Essek's assuredness was soothing for about as long as it took Caleb to recall just how cocky the drow always was. "The idea here, since you seem so concerned, is that you recognize that the gravity field can and will catch you, at any height, as it always does. The space below us is simply expanding. We are, in some ways, in every way, always falling with each step that we take. This is merely an expansion of the space between our footfalls and the earth which we are bound to."

"Poetic," Caleb said, because all other logical thought had mostly left his brain as Essek tightened his grip around him.

"Would it help or hinder the situation if I were to tell you that we still have not reached the part you won't like?" Essek asked, and that, that was what forced Caleb to turn and face him again, incredulous. They weren't quite touching, and Caleb thought he felt Essek lean back ever so slightly, so that Caleb's nose wouldn't brush his own as he twisted back to face the other man. But it was a close thing, and even at this distance, he was still taken by the details of Essek's face; the freckles, silvery-white in the torchlight and scattered abstractly beneath the hollow of his eyes and the rise of his cheekbones. His eyelashes, such an unfamiliar colour, catching the light in their paleness and turning a shifting, shimmering golden. The swell of his lips, slightly darker than the rest of his skin, the purple more pronounced, perhaps tinged with more red than the rest of his face, though Caleb thought he could see a growing flush across Essek's cheeks. It was a good look on him, the dark stain of deep purple, and one that he would have liked to see more of.

"At this point, I think I am simply along for the ride, in every sense of the word," Caleb said, and found that he had pitched his voice quieter, like they were sharing a secret between them.

Those lips curved up at the corners, the slightest suggestion of white beneath the indigo of them, and Essek tipped his head to one side. "That's the spirit. Now, we discussed your convictions last time, yes?"

"Ja, I believe we did."

"Well, in the interim, have you settled on anything specific that may be strong enough to justify the creation of its own gravity field?"

"The concept is still foreign to me," Caleb could feel himself slipping into familiar territory again, and it was a soothing thing. "That an idea can be something tangible."

"We've been over this—" Essek's frustrations pulled at his expression, twisting his mouth into a frown, the muscles of his forehead, his brow pulling down as he returned Caleb's gaze. "It's not that you're making something intangible real, but that the very fact of believing in something invests realness into it. You must ensure your focus is something innate, something immutable."

"So you are asking me to pick between one of my convictions in order to not fall to my imminent death?" Caleb raised an eyebrow. "This feels, oh, somewhat on the nose."

"Not necessarily your convictions." Caleb could feel the points along his back and at his hip, where Essek's fingers strained in a brief pressure to accentuate his point. "It can be anything at all. The smell of a flower, the memory of something beloved from your past. Something which you believe in enough, which is unchanging enough to you."

"And you believe in the idea that everything has an innate centre? A core that is unable to be remade?"

"Very much so," Essek dipped his head in a nod. "I believe that while we may change and grow and become anew with each passing experience or day, we all have unchanging elements to ourselves that hold the core of who we are. They are not bad, or good, or wrong, but simply are, and are to be used for whatever whims that person has depending on who they are on any given day. It is not such a strange belief."

"Is it?" Essek watched him, eyes narrowing slightly, but not in accusation. "Chronurgy is built on any number of factors, but some are the immutability of space as a factor upon time-shifting, and fixed points in time itself. Are you so sure that things must be able to change?"

"I was a Transmutation specialist first," Caleb pointed out. "And it knows nothing about immutability."

"Except that form is understood according to types, perhaps," Essek offered. "You said it yourself, humanoids have  the same general arrangement of limbs, the same concept of body that is so unnatural to, say, aberrations." He shifted back, and Caleb found it odd, to be able to read Essek's whims in the way he moved. "Graviturgy is not so dissimilar from chronurgy and potentiality. It is a common misconception, which I'm sure I do not need to explain to you, but which bears repeating—if we agree that every step we take is a measured, calculable fall, then transpose that into the control of gravity itself. The very act of bending gravity becomes an exercise in potential. A test of strength against your own convictions, and whether you believe or not that you will make that next step."

"Your conviction that everything has an immutable self?"

Essek inclined his head. "Yes, in its own right. My belief that nothing is inherently good or bad. That we can take what we are and make it good, even if that same core once was not."

"So what—" he fluttered his fingers uselessly where they pressed at Essek's shoulders. "How can I do this? How can I try?"

"Fix your belief in your mind." The hand that had been pressed to Caleb's spine drew up, skating lightly across the planes of his back and up to brush lightly at his temple. "Know it, inside and out. Feel it take hold. And let it find a place within your centre."

Caleb closed his eyes—how could he not? There was a softness to the way that Essek watched him that he could not bear to disappoint, not after everything, and he took the coward's way out instead, eyes slipping closed as he concentrated on the fixed points of his own mind. Essek's voice filtered in. "You know the somatics, but this is about mastery over graviturgy, rather than the specific spell. Try to let it take hold, but I will catch you if you begin to fall."

Caleb tried. Concentrated on pacing himself through the arcane motions he went through every day, every time he cast a spell; that sweet blend of learning and the innate ability that sat in his chest, that connected him to the rush of time that flowed multidirectionally out through the Weave. Felt the timekeeping beat deep within his chest go and go and go and there, he twisted that rhythm into the usual curl of arcana, the chronomantic swirl of energy that gave him power, in every sense of the word.

Except it didn't take. He felt his eyes open not of his own accord, and would have fallen backwards into empty air had Essek not held firm, his one hand tightening in Caleb's shirt and the other wrapping protectively about his shoulders, keeping him in place as he adjusted his own gravity field accordingly. "I have you, Caleb."

"I don't know what more I can do," Caleb grit out, and he could feel his frustration mounting, the vice-like grip he had on Essek's shoulders likely leaving some kind of marks beneath his dark shirt. But it was true—Essek and he joked about the drow's teaching or lack thereof, but if the core elements of graviturgy that he had laid out were true, then Caleb would never advance beyond this point. An ugly, twisted part of Caleb's psyche mused on how if his convictions weren't strong enough to lift him a few inches off the ground, they could hardly shape empires—and well, wasn't that a thought.

"Caleb." He could feel his jaw work, the muscles jumping where he could feel the ghost of Essek's exhales against skin. "Caleb."

"Ja?" They were so, so high up.

"Tell me about the school."

"Was?" He looked back at Essek, brow furrowing as he instinctively tensed, mind racing with the echoes of memories from his time at the Academy and how did Essek know, how did he know—

But Essek's expression was soft and open, and he watched Caleb with earnest interest. "The school you want to start. Tell me about it."

"Because you are reacting poorly to my pedagogical methods. So I am trying a new one."

"Ah." He looked away, but found he was more lost in thought than practicing avoidance. "I don't- I haven't thought much on the practicalities of it all."

"That cannot be true." Caleb jerked back to face Essek, and his look of annoyance must have translated, because Essek's smile was radiant in response. "Come, my teaching is rendered ineffective if you refuse to participate."

"I—" Caleb stopped. Collected himself. Considered. "It would be in Nicodranas. It would have to be, I think. And it would teach all of the schools of magic, though perhaps dunamancy would be more difficult to teach practically." He picked at that thread, too entranced by the chance to speak on this piece of his life that had driven him for the past decade to care if he was being baited into conversation. "But the theory could be there, the basics, which could help to bring the Dynasty and the Empire together and- and perhaps ease tensions. Help the Empire to realize that they are not enemies. That a love for one's home does not need to be warped into something cruel, to be used against a monstrous other."

Essek's hand, the one that had encircled his shoulders and held him in place, slackened slowly and dragged gently over the back of Caleb's neck; a soothing motion, grounding him even while they continued to be buoyed off the ground. "You love the Empire."

"I love its people. I was one, but they taught me otherwise and I, in all things but this, am an excellent student." Caleb didn't quite lean into the motion of Essek's touch—couldn't quite do so without falling backwards—but he also didn't look away, and that was something unto itself.

"You were a child of the Empire though," Essek countered, not unkindly. "And that means something."

Caleb let out a shaky laugh. "I have spent so long trying to prove that I am not of the West that it is hard, I think, to reclaim it. Especially when it is not the time for it, not now."

"But one day," Essek said, and it was very much a statement of fact, a truth that was insistently inescapable. "You cannot do everything, Caleb. But I believe that you can prevent the pain that you endured and ease tensions between the two." With an easy smile—and yet not so easy, perhaps instead hard-won, after all this time—Essek leaned in, bumping his forehead against Caleb's pointedly. "If it was to be anyone moving these mountains, it would be you."

"It would be," Caleb agreed, though he considered the words bitterly in that moment, that this was to be his burden after it all.

"Caleb," Essek's tone was insistent, and they were so close now, noses brushing, his face almost nuzzling into Caleb's as he spoke. "You must know- you must realize that you need not do it alone."

And there was no sudden moment, no shock or shift; it was simply that one moment Essek was curving into him, the violet brush of his cheek dragging over Caleb's, and the next they were kissing, lips sliding together in something like inevitability. Essek's touch was soft, the curve of his smile warm and full, and kissing him felt like something had slotted into place—a convergence of potential. The hand that was at his neck splayed wide, pulling Caleb closer even as it slipped into Caleb's hair, tugging it from its ribbon. Essek took that brief moment of distraction to draw his hand down, cupping the curve of Caleb's jaw against loose ribbon and pulling back a hair's breadth to whisper, like a secret, "I would help you. In this, in all things, I would help you. We would help you."

"Oh," Caleb opened his eyes—he didn't entirely know when he has closed them—but saw the truth in Essek's gaze, and suddenly they were plummeting towards the ground.

They did not, thankfully, collide with any of the bookcases, the desk, the chairs, or even the fragile and carefully constructed alchemical set up in the corner of the room. They did collide with the solid hardwood floor.Painfully.

"Fuck." Caleb blinked dazedly, staring up at the ceiling and trying desperately to tell if he still had all of his bones intact. There was a heavy weight on his chest that he had to assume was Essek, but the heaviness seemed to radiate out, settling over his arms, his legs, even his head, though the pounding was now subsiding slowly. He shifted in place and the effort of it felt monumental, with even a simple angling of his chin made frustratingly slow as he peered down at the drow pressed to his front.

There was an answering groan from Essek and Caleb watched as he, too, struggled to shift and sit up, only managing to pull his chin up to settle at Caleb's clavicle, the effort of the movements evident in the strain of his neck, the pull of his shoulders beneath his shirt strained as his eyes darted around wildly. "What happened?"

"I'm not sure," Caleb admitted, though he had an inkling of an idea which was far too embarrassing to voice. Essek was not so easily dissuaded, and he strained to press his hands against the floor and push himself up, fighting against an invisible force.

An invisible force. The thought seemed to come to him just as Caleb recognized it, watching Essek push himself up far enough to not be entirely supine atop Caleb, now separated by a narrow gap that could have generously implied modesty. Caleb watched Essek's eyes grow wide in realization, searching the surrounding space and landing upon Caleb. There was the briefest of moments, as Essek raised a single eyebrow in question and Caleb felt himself scowl, before he was grinning again from ear to ear, relinquishing his lift and allowing gravity—Caleb's gravity—to pull him back down with a huff.

"Well," Essek said, and Caleb very pointedly tipped his head back so that he could look away, towards the door to the study and opposite Essek. "If I had known that that was all it would take for you to bend gravity, I would have tried it much earlier."

"Your methods of teaching are, in a word, dubious."

"Oh, I am not so sure," Essek hummed, and Caleb's stomach flipped when he realized he could feel the vibration of it in his own chest. "They seem quite effective. Are you able to control the density, or are you too distracted at the moment?"

"I will defect," Caleb said, staring at the ceiling in wonder. "I will defect to whoever will have me. Somewhere remote, far from here. Uthodurn, maybe."

"We have a Teleportation Circle to Uthodurn," Essek's voice was warm, and Caleb thought he could feel the weight of his cheek resting on his chest now. "We paid good platinum to get it, too."

Caleb fell silent at that, half in petulance and half as he tried to wrap his mind around the magic that thrummed in the air. It felt odd, strange and malleable in ways that chronomancy wasn't. Where chronomancy felt precise and orderly, driven by the tick-tock of his own innate counter, the weight of the Weave in the room was oddly palpable, as if he could have reached out and grasped at it. Instead, he lifted his hand—it was easy to do now, though he wasn't so hubristic to believe that he was entirely in control of this density effect, not yet—and plucked at the thrum, feeling its response in his fingertips like the hum of lightning. It bent willingly underhand, and he began to test the edges of the spell, to feel how far it extended and his own capacity to wield it. Within a minute, he could feel the weight of Essek lessen on his chest, the strain of being pinned down loosening and leaving him mobile, though still unwilling to move with Essek settled against the dip of his collarbone. With his newfound movement he shifted one arm to sling low over the elf's back, just to be sure he was there, just in case.

Essek—who had been watching him the entire time, his violet eyes focused on Caleb's hand as it moved through somatics that felt innate, though he had never learned them before. It was true what he had said: graviturgy was not so different from chronomancy, from the bend of potential, and though the somatics for one did not translate precisely, it was as if learning a new dialect of his mother tongue—and Caleb had always had an ear for language. He felt the spell dissolve entirely and recast it on impulse. This time there was no change to their density, to the dip and pull of their gravitational fields; instead, he felt only the potential of their bend, the ability to warp his field and move however he saw fit. Caleb shifted, dropped the spell, and looked back at Essek, his other hand skating absent patterns across the other's spine. "What do you call it?"

"You invented this spell," Caleb said, twisting his hand in the shape of its somatics and feeling the spell in question take hold. He briefly lifted himself into a hover and grinned when Essek let out a sharp sound, clutching tighter to his shirt as they hovered an inch off the ground. Caleb dropped them back down, letting the spell dissipate. "Surely you must have named it."

"I did," Essek relinquished his hold on Caleb's shirt but still didn't look up, a frown pulling at the corner of his mouth as he spoke. "It was before. The, ah, name reflects that."

"Thelyss' Traversal." His brow furrowed for a moment, a spasm of anger flittering across his face before he lifted his head, looking back at Caleb. "That was its name. To both honour my Den, and prove that I was worthy of naming a spell after myself. It would have been a great accomplishment."

"It is a great accomplishment," Caleb corrected. He reached out, cupping Essek's cheek and feeling emboldened when the drow leaned into his touch. He sat up in one smooth motion, leaning forward to catch Essek's mouth in a kiss. Essek scrabbled at his shirt, leveraging his touch to pull closer, to shift and maneuver himself so that he could curl one hand at Caleb's neck and angling himself close enough to taste Caleb's pliant mouth. The thumb that cradled Essek's jaw stroked a single sweep downwards, and Essek sighed into the touch, drawing out their kiss slowly before pulling back and holding in place, his eyes pinched shut. Caleb studied his face, mapped the flush of his cheeks and the tight press of his lips as he grimaced. He leaned forward, stretching upwards to press his lips to Essek's forehead as he spoke. "It's your spell. Not theirs."

"It could be yours," Essek said, and his voice was small. "It could be ours."

"All of it." Essek let out a shaky breath, his exhale gentle against Caleb's throat. "Whatever you would take, Caleb Thelyss. Whatever you would accept that is mine to give."

"There's so much—" Caleb pulled back and curled in over Essek, his forehead pressing heavily against the top of the elf's head, nose buried in silver-white curls. "So much that has to happen before I can even- before we can even-"

"Wait," Essek breathed, as Caleb moved to pull back further. Slender fingers fluttered lightly over his cheeks, unsettled and roaming in their touch as he lifted his chin. "Don't think. Not yet."

Caleb closed his mouth, watching Essek carefully, and when he swayed forward to pull another sharp kiss from waiting lips Caleb let him, even tinged as it was with a biting press that forced Caleb's mind from drifting again. When he shifted back Essek's eyes were closed, as if he were savouring the sweetest of berries. "Stay in this moment, stay here with me."

"Okay," Caleb could only lean back in, murmuring against his lips. "Okay, I will try."

And there was little he could do to fight against this pull, this graviturgical urge to sink into the moment. There was no sun outside to warn them of the passing of time, but there was the steady tick of forward motion in Caleb's chest, stronger than his own heartbeat and harder to ignore, even with the distraction of Essek on his lap, at his mouth, in his orbit.  So he stayed for as long as he could in a stasis that did not exist, not really, but which was nevertheless sweet to imagine.

In the end it was Essek who drew back first, his hands still unsettled but pressed lightly to either side of Caleb's face, as if trying to hold him in place. He didn't go far, the rapid flutter of his breaths in the space between them masking the rise and fall of Caleb's own chest, and he looked up at Essek to find those eyes already on his. "I cannot shirk my duties. As we established last time, if I recall."

"And you have a perfect memory."

"Something like that." Caleb pressed closer, his arm circling around Essek further and pulling him in close, unable as he was to stay away. "Find me. After your adventures. After you have saved the world, or sated your need to leave, find me."

"Where will you be?" Essek dipped down, his movements stuttering between frantic and slow, and he drew another kiss from Caleb, who was content to let it linger.

They parted with a shared intake of breath, and Caleb reached up to run a hand through Essek's hair, brushing it aside gently. "Nicodranas," he said, and knew it to be true. "I think that I could be there, after everything. After I've shed my mantle and you, your disguises."

"Nicodranas," Essek's smile was like a shared secret caught between them. "I like the sound of that."

"I don't know how long it will take," he warned, and almost thought better of it. It felt empty, to make a promise with no constraints on time. "But I will be there. When the time is right."

"Well," Essek hummed and he leaned in for another kiss, his lips brushing against Caleb's as he spoke. "We will make it work. After all, time is one of our shared specialities."

Caleb Thelyss, Shadowhand to the Bright Queen of the Kryn Dynasty, was bored out of his own mind.

This particular Court session was far less interesting than most had been, of late. A mere gathering of favours owed and a monotonous survey of the city's day-to-day business, all of which was hardly more than a distant cousin to his own affairs. He cast a look to his left, where the Skysybil was hacking a cough behind her closed fist and smiled, waving his hand in a vague impression of a Prestidigitation and clearing her dainty white handkerchief of whatever it was that had marred it. Abrianna caught his gesture at the last second and gave him a crooked smile, leaning over slowly in her chair to speak and forcing Caleb to curl closer to hear her, even in spite of how quiet the room was. "I hear this last group is interesting."

"Oh?" Caleb raised an eyebrow, his amusement only rising. "Who told you that?"

"I spoke to Zethris earlier, while Tasithar was doing his—" She made a wildly rude gesture, and Caleb caught Leylas' smile just over Abrianna's shoulder, her eye catching their exchange from the edge of her vision. His smile grew, even while he tried to avoid looking back at her. "And she warned me that they were an odd bunch."

"Hm," he glanced towards the doors, where the Taskhand was unscrolling a piece of parchment, skimming it rapidly in preparation for their visitors. He looked back to Abrianna. "Frankly, I would appreciate something refreshing. How odd do you think they are?"

"You know Zethris," Abrianna gave him a look. "Odd is a tame term, for her. But I heard they have a human with them."

Caleb pulled back, sure that his surprise was evident on his face. "An Empire human? In Rosohna?"

"It seems that way. And an elf who looked Empire too," she grinned, the points of her sharp teeth crookedly poking out over her upper lip. "Maybe they'll be assigned to you."

Caleb returned her gaze with an unamused tilt of his own, drawing back as the Taskhand cleared his throat for the announcement. "One can only hope."

He straightened in his seat, craning his neck only slightly to get a good view of the doorway. Out of the corner of his vision he caught Leylas' eye and her slight nod of affirmation, indicating that he ought to keep his guard high. He looked back towards the doors, gaze careful and sharp as they parted to reveal the most eclectic group of travelers that Caleb had ever seen. An array of figures spread out from the central entryway, fronted by a hunched goblin woman who huddled in on herself as she stepped up to the dais, entirely contrasted by the tall blue tiefling at her side, whose warm smile curled upwards as she entered. Slung over one shoulder was a bright pink haversack, smeared with red blood that seemed to be only half-dried, though it was somewhat obscured and obfuscated by the trio at her back: a pastel firbolg, a wide-eyed half-orc, and a monochrome barbarian woman. Briefly, Caleb wondered if this was the human that Zethris had spoken of, but as she stepped under the shine of the beaconlight above, he thought he saw the slightest shine to her skin—decidedly not human, then.

The last two stuck out the most, however. There was the human, standing towards the back, and Caleb understood immediately Abrianna's description of her as odd. She was clean, dressed in the deep blue of the Cobalt Soul, though Caleb knew—painfully so—that they did not yet have a branch within the Dynasty. Still, that didn't seem to dissuade this woman, nor did she cower at the sharp gazes of the Court, half of whom had immediately fixated on her. No, instead she was staring right back at him, her dark eyes boring into his with a sharp and curling sneer. Caleb returned her gaze with an impassive one of his own, used to such looks at this point, though perhaps not from other humans. His eyes trailed back to the elf behind her, and he narrowed his gaze.

The elf was tall, pale with white-blond hair that looked odd, almost sickly under the white-blue glow from above. He was handsome albeit in a strangely angular way, his face pinched in a manner that seemed to dissuade eyes upon him. He also seemed oddly nervous, his gaze flicking rapidly between members of the Court and settling strangely between Deirta and Caleb himself. There was a moment, the briefest of glances, where Caleb caught his eye and found himself shocked at the level of disdain that his gaze held. It was strange, certainly—Caleb knew he was not a good man, was barely able to scrape together the label of 'morally grey', but he could not imagine what he may have done to warrant such hatred in the eyes of an Empire elf.

Nevertheless, he cast his eye towards Leylas, curling his finger in a shared sign where it sat hopefully unnoticed in his lap. She narrowed her eyes, standing in a silent signal to the Taskhand at the front to alter their announcement. The Taskhand's voice, clear and unwavering, rang out across the room. "You gaze upon the Bright Queen, Leylas Kryn! Step forth and kneel before the Lady of Light!"

Caleb watched the group, huddled together in an odd, disjointed circle, stumble forward until they had gathered at the base of the dais. Only the elf, whose gaze had never left Caleb, hung back. Even so, he was well within range for Caleb to draw his fingers through the air in a rapid Dispel Magic. Well within range for him to Counterspell too, and Caleb felt his eyes widen as he caught the first shifting reaction from the elf, standing with a snarl at his gall and slashing his hands through the air in the strongest counter that he could muster. He locked eyes with the elf, whose lip had now pulled into a full sneer—a look which, upon being countered, curled further to the sharp reveal of a fang and violet skin that flushed down the length of the drow's body. The Court errupted into whispers as the group, this Mighty Nein, took a collective step back. All except for the human, who instead boldly stepped forth, her bearing tall and poised as she stared Caleb down and entirely ignored Leylas' advance to the edge of the dais where she drew her staff forth and slammed it upon the ground thrice. "ENOUGH!"

Caleb's gaze never wavered from the half-hidden form of the drow, now obscured by the crowd of his compatriots who had huddled around him in an odd show of defense. All Caleb could see was the slight curl of white hair and the low swirl of a dark Empire coat. He cast his eyes over the rest of the Court briefly, searching their faces for a reaction, and caught upon Deirta's face. She was further to the right and had a slightly better view of the drow because of it, though whatever she saw had her face slackened with shock, her jaw half hanging open; the indignity of that look alone was enough for Caleb to take another step forth, in line with Leylas as she roared into the silence of the room. "Who are you to enter my Court under a false guise? Show yourself intruder, and pray that the guards do not kill you on sight."

From within the huddle of odd shapes and characters, Caleb saw the blue tiefling whirl about, her eyes wide with worry as she stepped forward—and her haversack missing. Caleb advanced once more, drawing his hand from his cloak and aiming one long pale finger towards her, the crystal prism embedded in one of his many rings beginning to glow. "My Queen, I fear they have brought something of ill intent into our Court, and I will not see you harmed by their false forms."

"I beg your pardon." A clear, sharp voice rang out from the middle of the room, and Caleb saw from the corner of his eye as Deirta stood slowly, gripping her seat with intensity. From within the huddle, hands pulled at the drow—though whether they were trying to hold him back or push him forth, Caleb wasn't sure. All he saw was the man stepping forth, parting the bodies of his companions with clear intent as he straightened, his arm elbow-deep in the bloodied haversack, and appearing to be drawing something from within. It was only the sharply electrical sweetness of dunamis which perfumed the air that stopped Caleb's hand, and he knew that Leylas felt its ripple too, saw the moment that her staff dipped slightly as she swayed forward.

And then: a flutter of movement as the bright pink fabric fell to the floor, the twist of a dark-sleeved arm as it lifted an object high above the drow's head. The shining, ethereal glow of a Luxon Beacon as it filled the room, and an answering gasp going up among the nobility who all stood, nearly as one. Caleb could barely look away from it, only managing to catch the grim expression on the human's face in the centre of the room, the answering tears tracking down Deirta's cheeks, before he was pulled back into the orbit of this object—the very Beacon that had awoken him from madness over a decade before. The last comfort he had ever known.

And the drow bearing it—Caleb had seen his face in portraits, though only the ones intended to be hidden within the high towers of Deirta's abode. Once too, in Verin's apartments, before he had caught Caleb staring and turned the framed portrait face-down, with a grim smile and a pat to Caleb's back. Then again, burning amongst a pile of other kindling for a ceremony of worship in honour of the Light. Yes, Caleb knew this drow, and he seemed to know Caleb as well, what with the way that he gazed back at him—Caleb Thelyss: the Shadowhand, the usurper, the youngest member of Den Thelyss, and the bearer of the very role that this same drow had once been promised.

His eyes held on Caleb's as he spoke, his voice high and clear in the silent room. "My name is Essek of No Den, and I am here to return that which was lost."

   “Why did it have to be heights?” Shuddering, I cross my legs and hug myself. Swallowing as my stomach leaps into my throat. Marquet is a gorgeous place. I’d never deny that. But gods why does one of its more prominent places have to be so high up!? Currently tucked inside a small box hanging from a string. I couldn’t be more uncomfortable. I really couldn't.   "Heyya stranger," One of the others packed into this space greets, "You've got some pretty trinkets!" They praise eyeing my rings. Some human who seems to be interested in me. Why they thought interacting with me is a good idea. I haven't a clue.  "Especially that gray one, it's unique. Where'd you get it?" He points out the thick iron ring around my index. It's engraved to have stars and ravens on it. Sitting there, I tuck in further and cough. Flicking my worst and revealing a small blade that snaps from the ring. Making the human leap.  "I made it." They seem to deflate at that,   "Oh." Before this awkward conversation can carry on. The entire cab shakes. The moment it comes to a stop I almost bolt out. Nearly knocking some people over on my way out. Sliding to my knees as I recover.  “Um, are you alright?” Shaking my head I pull out two golds. Giving it to the halfling who kindly checks in on me. He seems surprised and offers me some water. Letting me take a drink while offering me a fruit. Something that vaguely looks like an apple. Maybe part pear?  “Thank you.” Sighing, I relax and they nod, “Sorry, Krynn.” I wave at myself pointing out my drow blood. When you're from a people who used to live underground. Heights do some uncomfortable things to you.  “Don’t worry, there are plenty who suffer from it. You’ll get used to it.” He reassures me before attending to his job. Collecting fares and sending the new travelers back. Before coming returning his focus to me. “May I ask, are you here for a reason?”   “Yeah, its uh-” I fail and he shakes his head,  “Oh I don’t need an answer, we are just strangers. I just wondered if you know where you're going?” Shaking my head earns me a hum,  “There is a tavern on this spire. It’s called the Spire by Fire. You can house yourself there.” He points me in a direction and I nod,  “Thanks. Have a good day." Parting from the halfling. I make my way to where he directed. Walking through the bustling streets and finally shaking off my nausea. Quickly finding the tavern my new acquaintance named. Since it's a towering three flirted building built into the mountain itself. Before I can get inside the tranquility of the city is disturbed. Screams fill the air as an explosion knocks over a cart. The burst of arcane making my hair stand on end.  It causes a panic that only grows when the items it had been carrying start moving. Attacking any civilians unfortunate enough to be within their range. I'm just standing off to the side. Starting at the mess, defeated. "Why does this always happen?"   No matter where I go. I can't seem to be free of trouble. Do I even want to be a part of this? People race past me screaming like newborns, and several figures leap into the fray while I'm debating. It's quite a colorful cast of characters. It's almost comical watching them fight furniture, especially when they start losing. I only decide to jump in when I see the table, honestly the biggest threat besides the rug, about to ram an armored and beaten halfling. Instinctively, I flick my wrist. Causing the curved blade to extend and I cut my thumb with it.   The familiar sting of my blood curse kicks in. Focusing on the pain amplifies it. Causing the cut to burn with an arcane sting. Extending the pain from my palm to along my arm. The table charges, triggering dark crimson talons that erupt from the ground. Sinking into the wood and pinning it to the spot. Just before it can hit the halfling dead on.  "Oh! What is that!?" Someone shouts as I watch the fighter carry on. That little act serving to give him a chance to recover. After a moment I nod. These guys seem like they can handle themselves.  My ears flick when I hear someone let out a battle cry. My gaze darts to the source as an elderly man runs into the fight. Drawing a rapier and carving into the wood of the bound table. Unfortunately, my curse isn't actually that strong. As the old man cheers the table struggles. Destroying it's restrains and splattering the ground with dark ichor. Causing the man to screech.   I stare at him as an earth genasi appears. Wielding a massive glass hammer. Grinning from ear to ear. They knock the legs out from under the table. Before crushing it to dust, cackling. At least someone is having a good time. Looking around I see every other object has been dealt with. Good. Flicking my wrist, I put my ring blade back.  Despite myself I wander over to the injured halfling, "You in one piece?"   He jumps and looks over at me, "Oh uh yes, I wasn't expecting a fight." His honesty is refreshing. Even when he quietly grunts in pain. Probably from a strike to the rib.  "Don't think anyone was. Glad I caught the table, you look beaten. It would've been sad, dying to a table." At this point, I'm mumbling to myself. Wondering there is a meow sad way to die. Dead by grass also sounds pretty bad. As long as you leave out the grass being part of a monster.  "Wait, those talons were you!?" Someone shouts, breaking me out of my thoughts, and I look. Seeing it's coming from a distressed air genasi.  "Yea?" I give him a dumb look and he flusters,   "It just- those were blood. Lots of blood." He tries to explain and I slowly nod,  "Yea, that's how blood hunters work." He stutters repeating the name. Seeming unnerved by it. Has he never met a servant of the Raven Queen before? They don't say anything else so I shrug. Deciding the discussion must be over.  "Anyways, see ya." Waving, I try to leave, only pausing when I hear a quiet gasp.  "Oh, you're pretty." It's the softest voice that calls. Followed by the iconic clinking of hooves and I turn around. Only to get a face full of a very blessed chest. Swallowing, I have to drop my head back to meet the stranger's gaze. Leading to me locking eyes with a very tall satyr.   "Uh, thanks?" She blinks and hums,   "Can I touch your hair?" She asks and I blink at her. The others call to her in hissing whispers. Fearne, apparently.  "Sure." She smiles and reaches over. Taking some of my curled violet hair in her hands. Playing with the bouncy curls.   "It's so soft." She fawns and I just stand there. Waiting for her to finish. Too unsure and baffled on how to deal with the woman to just walk away.  "You all were quite magnificent!" The old man from before yells. Getting everyone's attention. His praise drawing the fawn's attention away and to the group who has gathered. Revealing others I hadn't seen. Including two women, one of which looks like a ghoul, and a small golden creature rolling around on a wheel.  "Uh-huh," He starts to carry on after seeing the ghoulish woman, and my eyes threaten to drift shut.  "Can I go? I haven't eaten since I got here and I'm tired." He jumps at my comment,  "Oh, of course!" The gorgeous fawn lets my hair go and I hum. Moving past the group and heading inside. Finding my way to the counter. Meeting the barkeep and discovering he's a literal lion man. After I recover from the shock. I buy a meal and refuse when the katari tries to get me to order a drink.  "It's the best on the spires." He brags and I bite into my meal,   "No, I'm sure it is. I'm just not a drinker." He mutters something and starts working on a big order. Before the old man from before approaches. Thankfully not taking note of me. Instead he's focused on trying to order rooms for his little group of fighters. The katari is quick to try and rob him of his coin. Making the man hesitate as I side-eye the interaction. Noticing something off about the older man.  'Are you really going to butt in?' The echoes of a voice rings in my head. Groaning, I shake. Trying to focus on anything, but the headache it's starting behind my eyes.  'It's begging for trouble. Didn't you wander your way here to avoid just that?'   "Shut up." Hissing at the voice, I sigh. Before hearing someone clear their throat. Both the Katari and the older man are looking at me. Looking between them I growl.  "I've had a bad day." More along the lines of bad last few years. But whatever, I'm not arguing about this. My venom causes the two to leave me alone. That's something I'm grateful for.   The night carries on until I find myself at one of the tables. Playing cards with an elephant man, a half-giant, and the earth genasi from before. Neither the Giant or the Genasi are very good at this. Both losing pile upon piles of coins. Mostly to me and the other one. Though he's just good. I'm-  'The bouncer has a good hand, he's going to drop the two of stones.' There's one thing you're good for at least. That earns me a phantom chuckle. Rolling my eyes, I look at my hand. It's not good.   "I'm folding." Putting my cards down I earn a look from the bouncer. They eye me with suspicion and I just shrug. Sure enough when the Gensai goes for it. Losing another eight gold. Causing them to curse and groan. The giant retires, defeated, leaving the three of us at the table.  "You need better gambling senses." I chirp to him and he snorts,   "Oh fuck off, my senses are fine." They whine and I shake my head.  "Not really. I can't imagine how often you lose out." They make a face and huff,  "Really? And what makes you so insightful?" They're snappy, but I'm used to it.  "Your recklessness. You don't really seem to care about winning. You're a thrill-seeker more than a gambler. You whine if you lose, Ya brag if Ya win. But you don't seem really affected either way." They don't seem to like me breaking them down. Frowning at me and narrowing their eyes.  "Maybe you have to take risks to get the rewards. Live a little." They shrug leaning back and I smirk,   "True, but-" I pull the coins they lost to me and pocket them, "-when you get your rewards, you learn when to dip out. Don't keep playing until the cards are back in the house's hands and you're left with nothing." Getting up, I call it a night. Heading over to the barkeep. I toss part of my winnings onto the table.  "I'll have a room for the night. Courtesy of that one." I nod my head to the grumbling Genasi. Who's talking to that small golden- robot? Weird.  The katari cackles and takes the coin, "One room for the pretty drow, courtesy of our own Ashton. Aren't you polite!" He jokes and jerks to the side. Barely avoiding the tankard that's tossed at him. He gives me a key and I smile.   "Thank you. Goodnight." He nods and I start to head upstairs. Actually managing to catch the duo of robot and genasi before they leave. Passing by, I slip ten gold into one of Ashton's countless pockets.  "Night you two." Waving over my shoulder, I don't bother looking back. Starting to skip up the steps.  "Oh! Good night to you to Ma'am!" The small robot answers happily with an odd accent. Really Weird.  'It's really not.' Rolling my eyes, I let myself into the room. Making sure to lock it behind me. Using a string to spring lock the door.  Dropping my weapon and pouches onto the dresser. I manage to kick off my boots. Falling into the bed before I can do anything else. Curling under thin sheets, hugging myself tight. I press my back against the wall. Closing my eyes with a tired sigh. Alright, lets at least try and get some sleep tonight. The thought's followed by an ominous chuckle in my head. Dripping with knowing and openly mocking, as always.   'Good luck with that.'

  Tossing awake, I open my eyes to my body aching and feeling faint. Blanketed in sweat and dry heaving. I feel my stomach roll. Groaning, I cover my eyes, they're burning like I've been staring for too long. Trying not hurl, I lay there until it becomes managable. Not better, but at least manageable. Rising, I start to get out of bed. Getting on to shaking legs.   'May I suggest water?' The voice mocks sweetly and I snort,   Of course, I can't even have a morning to myself. Undoing my snare, I head out and downstairs. Taking the stairs carefully, not wanting to announce my presence by tumbling down a floor and into the tavern. I wouldn't even have the excuse of being drunk.   The quiet of the morning is too much. Suggesting the sun hasn't even risen. Of course I can't wake at normal times. No, it has to be in the dead of night, or in the god awful early hours when no one is around. My mood only continues to sour as I make it downstairs. Discovering the place painfully empty. Sitting at the counter, I don't bother to be quiet. Which causes some shuffling in a back room before the Katari appears. Looking startled by my appearance.  "Uuhh you're a morning person aren't you?" He comments and I glare at him,  "So are you." His ears flick at my distorted voice, "Can I have water for both our sake?" He nods and gets me a flask,   "Price?" He looks at me and makes a face,   "You look like you need it. Just- don't die at my bar." Nodding, he leaves me alone as I soothe my sore throat. The cool rush easing the burn. Satisfying my insistent thirst, at least a bit. That's already better than some of my mornings. Now if I could get a handle on this damn headache.~•~

   Each person starts to wake up with the rising sun. Including Ashton, although begrudgingly.  The first to head down into the tavern is Dorian. Who spots only one figure as of the moment. Collapsed onto the bar with a flask barely held in their grasp. He worries about the drow for a moment before they move. Taking a drink from the flask. Before dropping their head back onto the wood with an audioable thud.  "Uh- Are you alright? You look-" The Genasi looks the hunter over out of concern.  Whereas they were an obsidian color yesterday. They've turned an almost ashen grey. Steady hands noticeably shake and they're covered in sweat. Plastering violet hair to their face. He watches and the drow makes a sudden jerking motion. The sound they make threathening to make him throw up. Thankfully, they both recover."  "I'm just not a morning person." The bard winces at their voice,     They lift their head and look at him with narrowed eyes. Revealing a color that seems odd for a drow. Dark forest green. Though, Dorian pauses, he wouldn't even know what eye color would be normal for a drow. For all he knows, violet hair and green eyes are perfectly common. All he's ever heard are stories after all, and he knows how out of hand they can become.  "Uh- noted." Despite himself, he comes to the counter and knocks on it. Getting the Katari to appear.  "Morning, uh- can I have two hot drinks and a breakfast please?" It's a quick transaction. The genasi tampers with both steaming cups. Adding some of the herbs he keeps on him for when he feels under the weather. Soaking them in the brew until it's turned golden. He slides a glass to the drow. "Here you go, that should help with the uh- growl."   "Appreciated." They take the glass and he nods. Settling down at the same table as yesterday with his breakfast. While watching the hunter, curious. They're an odd face and considering everything that happened with the vestige. He's a little on edge actually meeting one of them.   He eyes their odd outfit, briefly wondering if that's also normal for drow. They're clothed in a cream bodysuit with a white and silver coat thrown over it. The tail of the coat cut to only cover their right side. Topped with some dark scale mail for protection, and dark brown knee-high boots with red laces. Paired with matching gloves that tie along the sides up to their biceps. The rest of the items on their being are small things. Bags and boxes around their waist and a sheath on their thigh with an unknown item tucked in it. While he's watching, Dorian happily notices they seem to be getting their color back. They're shaking has lessened and they've actually started to sit straight.   He proudly notes they must be feeling better. Just as his companions start to come downstairs. Each taking note of the drow's presence. Fearne even approaches them when she noted the familiar smell of Dorian's herbs from their mug. "Good morning."   "Morning." They greet back, moving their sweat-slicked hair out of their face. Brushing it to the side. Only for it to fall in a wave over their eye. Earning an annoyed huff from the hunter.  "Your hair looks like a mess," Fearne comments, noting their irritation, and they hum, "Can I help?"   They're silent for a bit, eyeing the satyr, still unsure how to response to her requests. "Sure."  Fearne gets behind them and starts to work on their violet locks. Undoing knots and freeing the curls she adores. Discovering that only the bottom actually curls much at all. Laying across their shoulders in a mess of split ends. Which Fearne diligently works to fix to the best of her ability. Ashton and F.C.G. stepping inside the tavern during that time. Heading to the other end of the bar to buy drinks for the morning. With only the drow taking note of their arrival. Their current companion too fucked on her current task.  After conquering most of their hair. Fearne decides to take off one of her chains. Pulling their hair back and tying it in a ponytail. Letting the golden chain sit out starkly against violet and ebony. The door swings open again as she finishes. The other two women, Imogen and Laudna, arrive from their current housing. Welcomed by the curious scene at the bar before anything else.  "So pretty~" Fearne cooes and the drow plays with the chain. Finding they rather like it. "Hey, do you want to join us?"   Her companions hear her make the offer. Startling them and causing them to all look at her. "Uh- what?"   "We're going to go do a job. It sounds like fun, and you seem really cool." Fearne presses and the person blinks,   "You should probably ask your friends before making offers like that." They lightly scold the Satyr, who just nods,  "Oh alright." She turns to her party, "Can we bring the really sexy dark elf with us?" Several people choke on their food and drink. Others bark in laughter, startled by her blunt nature.  "Oh well- the more the merrier." Bertrand coughs and agrees, even as he nervously eyes them.   "Sure, I need to beat this bastard at a card game anyways," Ashton adds, taking in the drow proper, even hungover. They noticed the excess of gold in their pockets. They may not remember most of last night, but they recall a certain drow passing them by. Including that said drow completely broke their bank.  "I- well if they would like, I don't see why not. It's not like this is an exclusive group." Imogen decides to look across the group, Laudna nods along,   "-and your magic seems very interesting! I'd love to learn about it~." She fawns and F.C.G. pipes up after,   "Honestly, if Ashton is for it, I think it's fine. They seem nice, just very tired." F.C.G. points out and Dorian coughs,   "That's a bit of an understatement." He mumbles, catching his companions by surprise. "They were down here before me. Nearly passed out on the bar."   "Sorry, sleep and I never get on." They apologize and raise a glass, "Thanks by the way." That startles the genasi who nods,  "Oh, of course, you sound better already." Dorian flusters as the drow finishes the drink,   "As Imogen said- this isn't really an exclusive group so your welcome to come along if you'd like." Orym agrees and manages to lock eyes with the drow,   "Uh what is your name by the way? The rest of us have already exchanged names so-." The halfling prompts and they hum,   "Shulkyr Leimond." Shulkyr introduces themself with a shrug, "I prefer Shulk."   "Oh, Shulkyr is a lovely name." Fearne hums reaching for the silver hanging from their ear, "May I ask are you a full-blooded Drow? I've never seen one before."   "Uh- not quite. My mother was full-blooded and my father was half."   "So you're like-" She seems to think about it for a moment, "-a quarter human, and three fours drow?"   "If you want to get specific. In terms of how my abilities work. Half works just fine." Shulkyr finishes the breakfast they ordered. Along with topping off their flask. Leaving it for the Katari to take back.  "Sure, I don't have anything to do anyways." They get up and join the party which causes Fearne to be beam and loop her arm with Shulkyr's much smaller one. After that the entire party heads out. Bertrand taking the lead. Making sure to warn the party to stick close to him when they enter the lord's manor. Though his warning his quickly forgotten. As Fearne happily introduces everyone to Shulkur, and vice versa, while they walk.   Shulkyr isn't ecstatic with each meeting, but they're not off-putting. They seem to just be quietly listening. Their eyes heavy with exhaustion and patience. Which doesn't doesn't go unnoticed by the group. Leading to quick but polite introductions.  They continue a bit longer. Eventually coming to an eerie manor. Bertrand reminds them to stick close. Earning a lot of raised eyebrows and looks. He doesn't explain, knocking on the door and calling to the figures inside. It's a wait, but the door does open. Revealing a timid elven woman who looks over the group. Letting them inside, after repeating the same warning.  'This is so blatantly a trap.' The mocking voice in Shulkyr's mind chirps. Giddy laughter following his warning. Revealing the spirits excitement at the thought of Shulkyr ending up in harms way. Earning an eye roll from the tired drow.~•~

  'Why are you always so unhelpful?' My ever-present companion goes quiet. But I can feel his amusement. It makes the edge of my mind ring.  'I always help when you need it, puppy.' He mocks again and I snort. 'But it is fun to watch you do something utterly foolish and be shocked when you pay the price.' He all but sings and the drow sighs. That's a long winded way to say you like watching me get the shit beaten out of me.  After being guided through some more twisting hallways. The group enters a study. Which is lit with a fireplace and occupied by a figure lounging in a chair. Everyone files in looking around the space. After we all step inside, the door behind us is shut by the elf. The click of a lock hits my ears. Yet Laudna seems to be the only other one to notice.   We're greeted by a growling voice. Followed by the figure turning in their chair. Revealing a well-dressed and scared orc. He knows Bertrand, but it seems he doesn't like him. Not that I blame him, I'm not particularly fond of the elderly fighter either. Still, my hand twitches and Fearne releases my arm. My other hand drifts to my thigh. Past the metal mask hanging from my hip, and down to my weapon hanging from my side.  The situation escalates as the orc gets to his feet cane in hand. Challenging us to show him our comitment. Am I back in Order training?  Orym leaps in front of the party. Raising his shield ready to fight the orc if needed. Not that there seems to be much of a choice. Snatching my crossbow out of its holster. I flick it causing the limbs to flare out. Releasing a small burst of magic. Runes lighting up along the limbs.  Cutting myself on my ring. I amplify my curse to a numbing burn. Summoning talons from the shadows. Ensnaring the orc mid-run and sinking into his flesh. Aiming my crossbow, I fire a bolt. It crackles with it's enchantment. Striking through his clothes and sinking into his chest. Another flick sheathes my curved blade and loads my second bolt. Firing it off, I embed it into the other side of his chest.   "Woah!" My eyes look at the rest of the party and I shrug,   "That's not going to hold him." My chirp causes Laudna to launch into action. Hitting him with a few spells. Just as she does he grunts. Shifting as I watch him snarl and rip free from the talons. Managing to splatter them with a swing of his cane. Laudna yelps backing up, "oh ok, you were not kidding."   The Lord lets out a laugh before charging me. Ah, here we go. This is where I'm going down. Laughter fills my ears even as the orc cracks my jaw with an uppercut with the cane. There's another crack as my vision goes out. Though I feel myself hit the door with a crack.  'Guess I'm taking a nap. You better not let me die.' It's the last thought I manage as I hear phantom laughter over the fading sounds of battle,  'Let you die pup? Never.'~•~  My empty world begins to twist. Slowly lighting up as noises hit my ears. Waking up, I find Laudna looming over me. She grins seeing me coming too. It is somewhat creepy to wake up too. But my head pounds and I wince, deciding that's much worse than waking up to creepy Laudna.  "Why is it always me who gets knocked on my ass first?" My complaint earns me a gasp,   "Oh, is that normal for you?" As if on command memories flood my head. Frowning, I sit up and blink, shaking off my concussion.  "If I had a gold piece for every time the person meant to be keeping the focus frightened the enemy into me, or I got charged. I'd own these fucking spires." That earns me a snort and I look around. Seeing we're still in the manor. There's a desk on fire, everyone looks like shit, but the lord is alive and seated again.  "If it soothes you at all, I haven't had quite a surge of strength like that in years. It was extremely odd." The old orc apologizes and gives a faint chuckle,  "Yea no, that sounds about right." Sat up, I make to try and stand, "Fuck my ribs." With that, I nearly collapse and catch myself. Fresh Cut Grass rolls over and starts attending to me. While everyone starts talking about what this was all about.  "It was mighty kind of you taking those blows, Mrs. Shulk." F.C.G chirps and I sit there. Not trying to get up this time. Imogen actually sits beside me. Make sure everything is in line. I silently fluster under all the attention. I'm really not used to this.  "So this whole thing was a test?" Whispering to Imogen, I get a nod and a quick summary of what happened. Including Bertrand throwing a glass and hitting Fearne. Then Ashton impaling him with a knife after. Causing me to snort despite myself. Once that's covered I pay attention to the rest of what the orc has to say. How he wishes to quietly employ us to help deal with the corruption in Marquet. Wanting to give us a preliminary run before making a real contract.  "What would it be?" With our prodding, he shares that someone has been stealing from his storage. Taking just a barely noticeable amount.   "So an investigation, something I'm actually good at then." My mumbling catches Imogen's attention.  "Oh, is that something up your alley?" Putting my crossbow away I nod,   "Yea, I used to be an investigator back home. Dealt a lot with stealing and the Myriad." That seems to surprise them. Ashton snorts and looks me over.  "So what's a cop doing crimes for?" We lock eyes for a second and I shrug,   "Life happened." That seems to satisfy, at least enough that they drop it. We look back and the Lord encourages us to take our time in deciding. Everyone decides to go have breakfast somewhere calmer. The elf from before let's out of the room. Introducing herself now that we've been approved. Evelyn leads us out of the manor, and Imogen takes the lead. Taking us to another spire, promising food.   My stomach lurches as we begin to cross a massive stone bridge. My eyes stay fixated on the edge. Pressure builds in my chest and I stumble. Laudna catches me, letting me lean against her. Patting my shoulder as I fight to keep my stomach down. "Heights really aren't your thing are they?"   "No." She continues to console me as we reach the end of the bridge. Imogen leading us through tightly packed spaces. Far different than the open streets of the last Spire. Until we duck inside an unmarked tavern. Everyone settles down and waits for someone to come get our order. Buying a meal and drink, excluding myself. I just grab a fruit on the way past. Enjoying the sweetness of it as everyone talks.  “So are you in one piece or what?” Ashton chirps looking me over, “You got fucked up, I take it close combat isn’t your thing.” Humming, I shake my head and pull out my crossbow. Flicking it to cause the limbs to burst open. Showing off the dark weapon and letting Laudna and Imogen handle it.   “No, My power lets me pin weaker targets to the spot and then I just let Raven’s Kiss fill them with arcane bolts.” Ashton nods along admiring the weapon when it gets handed to them, admiring the engravings. Which sparks with arcane while they fuck with it, "Fancy." They pass it on to the next person before looking at me again,  "Cramped spaces and physically strong beings are my bane. Also, thanks- I enchanted it myself." They seem impressed for a moment. The others making noises of admiration.  “Fair, you’re too quick though. I can’t keep shit off you if you pull stunts like that.” Ashton counters as I get Raven’s Kiss back. Shutting the limbs and putting it away.   “Raven’s kiss?” Dorian asks, eyeing the holstered weapon, “That’s quite a name.”  “I’m a blood hunter, me worshiping the raven queen shouldn’t be all too shocking.” He swallows and lets out a nervous chuckle,  “No, that’s really not what he meant-” Orym pipes up and I raise a brow at him, “-Dorian’s from here and we never really met any of the order in Tal’dorei. I’ve never actually met a blood hunter myself. I've just heard of them in passing. You guys are like- you're like the boogie man.” The halfling explains and I give a nod,  “Fair enough.” With that the subject moves on to the robot. Fearne rather aggressively trying to get him to talk about the other automatons. He shows off arm extensions and what they do. Giving one over to Laudna who plays with the grappling hook arm and chats about it. Before joking about someone named Pâté.   “Wait, what?” F.C.G. asks prodding and Imogen tries to change the subject, but Laudna being who she is answers without a thought.  “Pâté is my dead rat.” She shares something that startles most everyone. Showing off a rat carcass with a raven skull melded to it. Laudna uses black ooze to puppet it. Taking on another voice as she does. Orym seems as deeply concerned as I feel seeing that. What in the world happened to you Laudna?  Disturbed, I just watched her chatter about not losing her mind. Putting the rat back onto her hip eventually. Before everyone starts talking about the De Rolo family. It doesn't really interest me so I finish my fruit. Only giving half my attention to the discussion until it's relevant to me again.  Everyone's confirming whether or not they're in. It slowly goes around the table. Until F.C.G. asks Ashton if they're in. Which the Genasi quickly decides is a yes. It's a firm yes as eyes settle one me next.   "I don't intend to go anywhere. You're a charming bunch." That flusters the girls who compliment me back. The boys all beam with pride. F.C.G. jumps up on a stool with Ashton's help. Leaning on the table and looking around.   "Can I just make one suggestion before we forge this pact?" Everyone gives their attention to the robot.   "Oh, Yes. Please." Ashton encourages looking at his little friend in a dopey loving way. I can't tell if it's the love of a brother, a friend, or an owner. Not that I know much about any of those.   "Let's just try to be honest with each other, okay? I don't want to speak out of turn, but I've sensed a little bit of hesitation in being forthright and forthcoming among some members of this little assemblage here. And I'm just saying we could probably get along a little bit better if we were all not deceitful towards each other for the next couple of days." F.C.G. gives a little speech and most agree with him, Imogen nodding, Pâté speaks for Laudna, and so on until again. I'm the last to be speaking. Shaking my head, I focus on how to say this without sounding like a contrarion ass.  "You really don't look happy about that." Dorian points at me and I snort,   "Yea, no." That startles some of them,   "No?" Fearne asks still drying out her brandy-soaked hair, how hasn't that dried yet?  "No," Looking across the group, I run a hand through my hair, "Look trust, transparency, it's good, it's important. But my life has been a convoluted mess for the last few years now. It's a pile of shit and lies and secrets tied up in a series of more secrets and lies. It's more trouble and effort to share that mess than ignore it, and besides. I like my secrets. I've dealt in secrets and lies for practically my entire life. They're comfortable to me, they're familiar, and it makes things easier. So at least right now, as this is, I have no intention of giving that familiarity up."  "So your fine with telling us your going to hide things and lie, but not tell us when it's happening." Dorian makes a face and I nod,   "That's oddly truthful and transparent of you," Orym adds and I give him a look, "I'm just saying, you're being very hypocritical here." He gently pushes his point and I frown. It's F.C.G. who follows with his two cents.  "Well, I'm quite sure sharing your past and letting us help you work through your problems would be quite helpful!" Rubbing my forehead I sigh,   "Appreciated, really, but I'd really rather not. I'm only mentioning it now so you know it's a thing I'm going to do so I don't get yelled at for it later." F.C.G. opens his mouth again and so do the others. My words causing a bit of a ruckus.  "Ok, ok hey! Hey!" Ashton gets everyone else to look at them. Before they turn to meet me head-on.  "That's fair, you're shady as fuck. You're gonna keep being that way until you feel comfortable otherwise. That's fair. I think we can all agree everyone in this group is pretty fucking shady, let's be honest." They look around and the others make varying noises of agreement. Though no one seems particularly happy about it.   "Good, Great," They lean on the table and carries on, "Look if you find yourself doing something that you feel compromised about, if you find yourself doing something that goes against any prior arrangement or agreement, you say it before it becomes a problem. We work it out. That's the best way to make these things work. Don't let yourself get somewhere where you're not going to be okay. We will figure out how to go around you if need be. We all want to make money." Ashton finishes their, mostly, general speech before very clearly eyeing me and adding to it.   "And if you don't think we can work around it. Just say you need out before it causes a problem. No explanation owed, easy?" They raise a brow and everyone waits until I snort,   "Easy." Whatever tension my disagreement caused practically evaporates. I think I'm going to like Ashton. It's been a while since I've known someone so respectful. It's weirdly comforting as everyone chatters. F.C.G. rolls over to me and tugs at my coat tail. Looking down, I give a curious hum.  "I understand that you don't feel like sharing, but if you ever change your mind. I would be more than happy lend you an ear." They give me their version of a smile. Tilting their head and blinking with their bright blue lenses.  "Noted." They seem happy with that as everyone gets ready to head back to the manor, "I don't mean offense. It's just what I know." It feels bad thinking I've upset this robot. They have this weird puppy/child aura about them. It makes me guilty.  "Don't you worry! No offense has been taken! Just know your brand new friend Fresh Cut Grass is here if you'd ever like to talk." They sing as we all head out. Making sure to give Bertrand the bill.  "Thank you." We carry on despite what happened. As we approach the bridge again. Laudna walks over and intertwines her arms with mine again. Giving me a beaming look and pulling me into her side.  "I quite like questions, but I understand if you don't. It can be prickly." She giggles and I sigh,   "You're all oddly understanding, it's comforting." My response makes her grin,  "Well- if you ever need anything. Don't hesitate to ask! Imogen and I know a thing or two about troublesome secrets~." She sings as we go.  "Thank you Laudna, hopefully, I won't need it." She nods as we reach the other Spire. Making our way back to the manor. Meeting up with Lord Eshteross who's having tea. The conversation turns south quick. Fearne joking about murdering him. Making the orc reach for a weapon. Before she plays it off as odd fey humor. My attention glides away from the disaster of a discussion, and over to the source of some very delicious and warm smells.  "Tea?" The orc questions, offering it, "I have earl grey."  Licking my lips, I sniff, "Oooh that's peppermint tea."   "Help yourself." Lord Eshteross permits me to loot the table covered in tea. Snatching up the lightly steaming mug peppermint tea. I happily indulge in it. It's not bitter but it could be sweeter. My gaze flicks to Eshteross servant. Who I make my way to and hit up for a quick chat. Eventually, I manage to sweet-talk some honey from Evelyn. Mixing it in before I take another drink.   "Mhmm~" There's a snort behind me,   "Now what is that sound?" They laugh behind me as I look over my shoulder,   "What? I fucking love tea." Fearne giggles and Laudna lights up,  "Oh, you're a tea person not a beer person? Lord Eshteross you wouldn't happen to have extra of that then would you?" She cooes playing with her claws. Batting her black lashes at him. He seems surprised by the request.   "Oh, yes quite a lot. Peppermint is not my favorite, but people insist on giving it to me." He sounds confused yet has Evelyn give me quite a stock of tea free of charge. Which I happily pocket for later. Sipping at my tea while letting out more happy sounds. The group's odd looks be damned.  "It's probably you know-" Dorian gestures to his throat, "-Your voice is something deep. Most people hear that and think, wow you're having a rough day, you know?" He jokes and the orc gives him a look. Tuning them out I chase around the pretty little elf. Asking about she made the tea and tips.   "This is amazing by the way, I don't know how you avoided burning it." She's flustering under my attention and praise. Until the others call for me to go.  "Hold on, I'm not done-!" My cry is answered with a giggle, and it sounded like Fearne. Slowly, I'm learning to tell them apart.  "Yea, you are," Ashton sings, picking me up and throwing me over their shoulder without warning, "Come on, we've got a job."  "Aah! No, my tea!" The cup clatters and I whimper. There's more laughter as I go limp, defeated. Whining and heartbroken while I'm carried off by Ashton.  "I can't believe you've done this."   "You have more now." Ashton counters and I sniff,  "That's not the point!"   "You'll get over it. I'll buy you some fruit or something. You seem to like fruits and shit." Ashton half asses an apology as we start going back to the other spire. My eyes instantly drift to the drop. Swallowing, I curl and actually clutch to the genasi's shoulder.  "Oh, so you have been clinging to Laudna." Fearne teases, "Heights aren't your strong suite I take it." She giggles and I make my discomfort known,  "I used to live UNDERGROUND!! Stop judging me!!" They all laugh as Ashton pats my side.  "It's almost over. Just don't puke on me, or I'll knock your lights out."   "That's not helpful!" I hiss, giving a weak hit to their back. Flinching, I wince, that hurt me more than them. By a lot.   "Wasn't trying to be." They joke and I go limp again. Just clutching onto their jacket. Waiting for this miserable ride to be over. Laudna catches up and pats my cheek. Giggling and providing what little comfort she can. Hopefully, I'll actually be helpful once I'm on my feet and back to my old ways. I'm starting to feel like dead weight as it is. I don't like it.

  Ashton puts me back down as we arrive on the other spire. Letting me walk the rest of the way. Until everyone is clustered across from the storage facility Esterhross told us about. Ashton, as they promised, bought me some fruit on the way here. So I quietly sink my teeth into it. Running my gaze over the building. Taking in the layout of it. While everyone is discussing what to do. Until they agree to break the team into three.   "Shulk, where do you want to go?" Fearne asks me and I tilt my head watching the door,   "Inside. Have fun B&Eing the place you three." They laugh as I join Imogen, F.C.G, and Orym. Letting the smooth talking country woman take the lead.  She manages to get us inside as I look around. Lending one ear to her conversation in case things start going south. Using my other to pay attention to the rest. Walking along with F.C.G. we head up to a group of boxes. Finding several that seem to have been tampered with. F.C.G. seems to signal they want to check inside one.   Grabbing the lid, I easily pop it. There's a grunt and I look. Seeing it's from the human man. He looks a bit startled by the display. Shrugging, I let F.C.G. lift themself onto the edge. Peeking inside and moving things around. "Good stock?" I prompt hoping the robot understands to not talk bluntly.  He lifts a claw and shows a faint dust off to me. "Very! Good for coats." Their words startle the workers. Who get freaked out by it. Leaning over the box, I pretend to check it out. Looking for the dust and finding it's sprinkled over a hollowed out center. Likely created by something being removed.  "Not bad," Flicking my wrist, I faintly whisper the required words. Causing the entire box to light up to my eyes. Turning the contents bright blue. While the Identify spell kicks on. The information I need floods into my mind. Causing a pain behind my eyes. Ever useful, but by the divine, I hate that drawback.  Putting a hand on F.C.G. I help him down. "It's a solid stock. Nothing seems like it's being eaten by moths. The only thing in question is their reliability."  "We are plenty reliable, I don't know where you got the idea this place isn't secure." The gnome woman counters giving me a suspicious look,   "The amount our employer has already lost from previous issues here are all the foundation for those ideas I need. It's what I'm paid for." My shrug earns me the stink eye. She opens her mouth, likely to push the issue. Only to be cut off by the sudden appearance of Fearne in the doorway. Calling for someone and causing the gnome to panic. Fraying the last of her nerves and getting us removed. Sitting outside and across the seat we wait for everyone to join us.  "Did you find anything?" Imogen checks in with the backdoor group when they arrive. Ashton shares they welded the back door shut. Laudna shows off a molded black box she found on the roof. Which she then tares open. Discovering it has some spare coins in it. Not strictly helpful, but a pleasant surprise.  Fearne and Bertrand share that they basically did nothing. Just chatted away as they 'stood guard' in front of the door. Once they finish, it comes back to us. Orym shares he found another box that matched the description of the box F.C.G. and I found. Including the residue that's in it.  "It's some rare shit," That gets them to look at me,   "Oh? You know what this is?" She asks and F.C.G. perks up,   "You are knowledgeable!" Shaking my head, I wave my hands, summoning a faint spell circle.  "No, it's just one of the few spells I have." My confession causes F.C.G. to gasp,  "You used a spell!? Woah- I was right next to you and I had no idea. You are very stealthy, Mrs. Shulk." F.C.G. praises and I look at them,   "Uh, thanks? I can teach you to be quieter about casting spells if you'd like." They practically glow at my offer,   "That sounds mighty lovely!" It's cute watching the little robot get happy. Clapping their little claws together.  "Sweet, maybe you can do what I couldn't."  Ashton chuckles looking proud,   "Back on topic, what was that stuff? What did the spell tell you?" Orym asks looking at me and I hum,   "It's dust from those stones. The ones that make the airships fly." That startles the group as they all look at each other,  "Seriously?" Dorian whispers and freaks out, looking at the minuscule amount of dust Imogen collected.  "I saw two more boxes that seemed fucked the same way as the one Grass and I checked on. Plus Orym's, that's at least four boxes filled with Brumestone and a decent amount of it. That shit is not easy to come across. The government keeps whatever they recover close." My words sink in and everyone's thinking. Not that I would know any of that if it weren't for the spell. I really should try and learn about the government here. It would help with all of this.  "Think it's a halfway point?" Ashton suggests looking to me,   "Possible, it seems like the most probable explanation we've got." Shrugging, I look across the group and Fearne hums,  "But who would be doing such a thing?" Everyone stiffens as we look around. Suddenly concerned about everybody walking past.  "I'm a stranger to this place, but Lord Eshteross said there was a crime ring like the Myriad here, didn't he?" My question doesn't help the tension. Bertrand especially seems to get nervous.   "You think the Ivory Syndicate might be involved?" Orym questions and I sigh,   "They've got the power." Silence follows after as we eye the building. The stakes just shot sky-high. Everyone huddles and starts spitballing ideas. Eventually deciding to stake out the place. Ashton, Fearne, Laudna, and F.C.G. agree to head to the back. While Dorian, Imogen, Bertrand, Orym, and I all agree to lurk upfront. We all get into position, Dorian and Imogen stay by a cart with Orym. Intending to turn him invisible so he can sneak inside. Pulling out another apple, courtesy of Ashton, I relax a bit away from the trio. Biting down, I think about what to do.  'Run before you get fucked again?'  'Oh, there you are. Here I was, starting to think you were going to leave me alone.' The mask on my hip burns and actually stings me through the cloth. Hissing, I give the metal the stink eye. The iron cools after I quietly yelp and I roll my eyes.   'Dickhead.' Laughter fills my head as someone snorts, looking I see it's the black dragonborn.   "Sup," I nod to her and she nods back,   "What are you sitting around for?" Shrugging, I point to the fruit cart and then lift my apple,   "It's good fruit." She looks there and back to me. Before giving a nod.  "Fair prices too. I always get some for lunch." Humming, I smile and nod,   "Oh? Got any favorites around here?" The Dragonborn drops a few places. Including the place Imogen took us to. Biting into my apple I nod along.   "Don't eat the meat of the stew though." She gives the same warning Imogen had and I keep nodding,  "Noted." She seems eager to go and I give a thumbs up, "Have a good night." She nods and shows off some tickets,   "I will, I've got a show to catch. Highly recommend it if you can get there. Don't get shanked." She parts and I give a salute. Sitting against the wall, I eat my apple. That Dragonborn is clear, she's too invested in a healthy personal life and too disinterested in me to be worried.   'You just can't stealth for the life of you.' He chuckles and I frown,   'I'm in scale mail, fuck off.' There's a snort as his presence presses against my mind,  'Do you need me to take the lead puppy?' The mask feels cool against my skin. Rolling my eyes, I unclip it and put it on. The coolness of the mask feels wonderful against my skin. I can't help the shiver that runs through me as my world is consumed by darkness. My sight adjusts as stars and purple starts to fill my sight. Like the night sky has been captured and put inside it.   'There we go, and there goes the dwarf.' He hums seeing the world beyond the night sky. Having taken my vision for himself.   'Didn't see us?' My question is answered with a laugh,  'Didn't even blink. I know what I'm doing, Puppy. Trust me.' He reassures and a bit of time passes. While my senses are left floating in the astral. Boredom quickly starting to gnaw at me. There's only so long one can exists without experiencing anything.   'Ah, shit. Something's happening. Pup you're needed!' My world floods with light as he removes the mask. Wincing, I close my eyes and blindly clip my mask back to my hip. Hearing chaos as I see Imogen run past. Ah crap, bolting to my feet I race to Dorian. Whose remained frozen to the spot.  "What happened?" He's panicking and sputters,  "I- Idon't know! Orym is in, but Imogen and Bertrand raced after the gnome. She was being shady as hell!" Putting my hand on Dorian I squeeze,   "Hey, one thing at a time. Orym is in?" He looks at me and nods,  "Yes!"   "Good, breathe." He starts taking deep breaths still nodding,   "Does he have darkvision?" It's a passing thought. We probably should have discussed this earlier. Watching Dorian's eyes blow wide. My stomach drops as I wordlessly get my answer.   "Oh no." He starts to panic even more and I tap my foot,  ‘Come on Pup, use that quick wit of yours.’ Nodding, I shift in place and figure out what to do.  “Ok, no, we’ve got this. Run to the back and share what’s happening with the others. I’m going to try and help Orym. Tell Laudna to tell him the weird glowing is Shulkyr’s doing, and then I’ll follow the others. Ok?” He nods and we part with him racing to the rest. Rushing to the door I put my hand on it. Focusing on what little arcane talent I’ve got. Whispering a few words I’ve known since childhood. Casting Faerie lights just ahead of me. Probably lightly filling part of the room with glowing blue lights. Hopefully, that’ll help Orym see what he’s doing at least a little.    Despite what I told Dorian, panic is starting to set in. My form is quaking and the urge to bolt is rising. Wrapping my arms, I hug myself and focus on holding on. Clawing my arms through my leather gloves. The comforting cold bursts against my skin.  ‘Breathe Pup, it’s a good plan. Follow your plan, trust your gut.’ His usual snark is gone as the sudden cold clears my head. Pushing back the unwelcome urges and letting me think. Licking my lips, I head to where Imogen and the others had been hiding. Sniffing, I flare my nose catching onto the smell of Bertrand and his expensive brandy and Imogen and her books. Once I’ve caught onto it I start running. Following after the faint trail. All while hoping they don’t get themselves in a situation I can’t bail them out of. After all, I don’t think anyone else will be able to follow us if we get too far.   Breaking out of the alley, I’m greeted by a setting sun. Oh, this is not a good time. How late into the season was it again? If I lose daylight before I find them-. No, no, I don’t have time to panic about this. I have to follow after the other two. Getting another burst of speed, I chase after their scents. Hoping I get to them before they get into too much trouble.~•~  Following their trails, I eventually come to the Weary Way Tavern. Finding Imogen lingering outside of it. "Imogen."  She spins at my hiss as she watches me, "What are you doing you fool?"  "We were following Dannis, she was acting funny. She caught me, Bertrand is inside looking for her, but he's lost her." She whispers and I snarl,   "Are you stupid? You don't run off on your own!" She flinches as I scold her, taking a deep breath. Trying to rein in my growing anger. "I'm sorry, alright, I'm sorry. You just worried me." She looks ashamed as I shake my head.  "Stay here, if she saw you it's stupid for you to come in again. Tell Bertrand I'm going in. You were looking for the gnome?" She nods whispering her agreement,   "We'll reach out if we need you." She steps aside as I head inside. Flaring my nose and easily pinning the source to Bertrand. Rather than approaching him, I look around. There's quite a number in the tavern. Going to the bar I toss down some coins. Ordering a drink and taking it.  Moving to a table next to the door, I snarl. Clearing the table next to it of its performers. Sitting, I pretend to take a drink. 'Shulk, Bertrand said you're in, is everything ok? He said he lost her.'  'I'm fine, she's a gnome in a crowded tavern, of course, he lost her. Do not come inside. I can hear your unease.' Just as I scold Imogen again. My eyes catch sight of some pink. Narrowing my gaze, I see it's the skittish gnome. Sitting in an alcove clutching to a mug. Carefully working I subtly cast a spell. Trying to send her running. I watch her go pale and wide-eyed as she shakes. Before darting away and disappearing among people.  'She's moving, everyone leave. Now.' Shaking, I feel a chill come over me. Glancing out the window, I see the hints of the night coming. Panic starts clawing at me. 'Everyone go back to the group. We never should have split to begin with.'  'Alright, will you be coming, Shulk?'  'In a moment, too much movement is bad. Just go.' I watch as Bertrand leaves. Likely following Imogen's directions. I don't catch sight of Dannis again as I ache. Wincing as my head starts to pound. I-I need to go lie down. Abandoning my mug I stumble to my feet. My vision threatening to go out as I stumble somewhere quiet. I need quiet.~•~

  The duo returns to the party. Everyone meeting up again as they panic. Sharing what they discovered as Imogen and Bertrand arrive. During a conversation, Bertrand makes a sound. Which panics Ashton and F.C.G. as they race upfront.  "What the fuck was that!?" Ashton looks around and sees the pair.  "Oh, you're back. Where the fuck is the shady one?" Ashton asks, looking around for the drow. Not finding them among the pair. Or the rest of the group.  "Shulk ordered us to come back here. I-I don't think they followed us. They seemed- they were really upset with us." Imogen shares and they raises a brow,   "No shit, you totally fucked the plan and caused total panic. They've got every right to be pissed, but where are they?" Ashton presses and the pair look at each other. Shrugging and disappointing the genasi.  "Now where the fuck are they?" They roll their eyes.  This group is a train wreck. Even the experienced one has gone missing. But unlike dumb and dumber they didn't tell anyone where they're going. Before they can dig in further about their missing drow. Fearne walks inside the storage upon hearing Laudna call for them. Causing everyone else to usher inside.  Splitting the party, they snoop through the facility. Some going through the boxes. Others find an office and discover papers that have clearly been tampered with, some coin, and not much else. Then they regroup and discuss about what to do. Deciding to go see if they can catch Dannis. Ashton ensuring they trash the place before they leave. Upsetting Dorian and Imogen.  "Make it look like a robbery. It's always a good cover." They shrug when confronted and Fearne eagerly joins in the destruction. Until the room is left a mess. While the others watch and wait for them. Once the pair are satisfied they head out. Beginning to make their way to the Weary Way Tavern.  It's night now when they leave the alley. The navy sky glitters with stars, and a hauntingly large pair of full moons. It's a gorgeous sight so high. Moonlight silhouettes the party as they race through the city. Until they reach their destination.  Heading different ways to search for Dannis. No one finding her as they first enter. It isn't until Dorian sneaks his way to a group of prepping musicians. Asking if they had seen a gnome woman. While slyly offering a silver do they get a lead. When one person shares that they saw someone head upstairs fitting that description. Dorian beams and thanks them. Shaking their hand and subtely exchanging the silver.  Dorian all but races back to the others. Telling them what he found after a quick misunderstanding with Fearne. Ashton downs his drink and heads outside. Corralling the rest together as Fearne starts to head upstairs without them.  "I don't know, I'm worried." Imogen whispers catching Dorian's attention,  "About?" He pries and she looks around. Trying to find a head of violet hair. Not spotting the drow anywhere.  "We left Shulkyr here, but it seems like they didn't follow us back. I- I don't know where they've gone." She explains and Ashton hushes them.  "Hey, hey, Shulkyr should be fine alright. They know what they're doing. Let's focus on this for now. If they're still missing we can go searching. But one thing at a time." They reassure the party, focusing their minds on the task at hand.  Imogen hesitates, before nodding along. The party dips back inside. F.C.G. and Imogen going upstairs, taking the lead and slowly moving down the hall. Using detect thoughts to search for Dannis. Finding no thoughts in some rooms, something primal in others, and some others unknown. Until they come across a room filled with minds. Including the familiar pattern of Dannis.  Orym kneels by the door. Listening to the voices he can hear. "Alright, I don't have really much else to say. An old man started coming round asking question for deliveries.-"  It's clearly Dannis talking to someone. She's cut off by a hissing voice. It's an ominous interaction before Orym hears choking. He tries to kick the door in. Which causes the party to rush. Ashton tries to bash in the door, but the odd angle causes their hammer to glance off. He curses as a roar comes from inside the room. Followed by shouts of panic.   Fearne knocks as the pair on each side of tag team the door. "I brought room service."  They destroy the door together. Imogen is the first to race in, intending to try and aid Dannis. Only at first glance no one is there. Only a window that's been shattered leading to a balcony. Blood splatters covers part of the room. Ashton runs in and strikes the first thing they see. Which happens to, yet again, be a table.  "Oh interesting, I wasn't expecting other visitors." A pale, sunken-faced and greasy almost dwarven humanoid is crouched on a desk in the corner. Locking eyes with the genasi. Ashton snarls at him ready for a fight. There's another screech and the sound of tearing, but it seems to be coming from outside.   Dorian bolts inside having a quick shout at Ashton. Before the blood thirsty barbarian points out the cloaked dwarven figure. In panic the bard fumbles with his hand axe. Throwing it as the stranger's head slides to the side. Easily dodging the projectile. Dorian steps back unknowing of any other presence in the room.   Laudna shouts to Imogen asking about shadow creepers. Before she races inside. Throwing a hex on the dwarf as she notices him. Before casting a spell. Slinging black liquid as a spectral skeleton hand appears from behind the dwarf. Grabbing him and trying to slam his head back into the wall. The creepy pair face off, hissing at one another.  Fearne steps inside peeking around. Spotting the dwarven figure. "Oh, ok." She perks up as he grins at her. She summons an ice knife. She throws it at him and he throws his cloak up. Revealing a long rapier and dagger underneath. The dwarf parries the knife. Shattering it against the wall.  "You bitch." Fearne frowns as her ears flatten. This isn't going to end well. She shifts to tuck against the wall.   Bertrand heaves as he barrels into the hallway. Gasping for breath as he nearly collapses. Shouting for the rest to wait for him. He isn't as young as he used to be!  Orym dives inside, rolling between Imogen's legs. Juking left and trying to strike the rapier out of the figure's hand. It clangs as he manages to force the rapier out of the dwarf's grip. Slashing his wrist and attempting to do the same with their dagger. Before the dwarf catches and parries the blade. "It's you and me."  Leaping down the figure grabs their weapon. Arming himself and grinning, "Fine, it's us." He lashes out in a whirlwind of blades. Managing to impact Orym three times. Before trying to slink away.  "Oh, you are not!" Ashton charges, phantom versions of themself phasing in and out from their form. They shoulder check the wall. Hitting the dwarf on the back swing of their hammer. Slamming into the dwarf's chest. Though he shifts, managing to redirect a large amount of the impact into his armor.  "I'm gonna liquefy you." Ashton growls and the dwarf cackles,  "I like your gumption!" He hisses as Imogen focuses. Trying to focus the whispers of all the mind downstairs into his mind. Managing to make him wince at the bombardment. Before he shakes it off.  "Children." The dwarf calls and the sound of skittering fills the room. Some small unknown monsters cloaked in tattered materials appear. Slinking out from under the furniture.  The sudden swarm assaults the party. Overwhelming them with sheer number. Attacking with teeth and claws. Some even swing weapons. One leaps onto Laudna's back, tearing into her. Another manages to assault Fearne, and during that chaos Orym gets taken down.   F.C.G. rolls into the room, "Well smiley day everybody! How's it going-?"  "Situation!" Ashton shouts, "Situation, Situation!" They cut off the robot before focusing on not getting mauled. F.C.G. jumps into action. Healing Orym out of harm's way with the last they have. Out of spells and startled. The robot tries to search for Dannis. Unable to spot her in the conflict. Another roar fills the air and cracking follows it.  "Damnit, not again!" The dwarf curses as a massive figure lurches over the balcony. Lumbering into the room with unnatural speed for its size. Bloodied and snarling, a dark furred beast with glowing eyes lunges at the first thing it sees. One of the small creatures which had the misfortune of having its back to the beast's entrance.  It's maw opens as it snaps the small creature into its mouth. Tossing it around and tearing into it. Splattering itself in blood and gore. Before throwing it into the wall. The cloaked horror tries to hide under the cabinet. But what remains of it's form is caught by claws as it's torn into and finished. Shouts fill the room in shock and horror.   "Oh my gods!" Dorian cries before hearing Laudna screech. Still being assaulted with one on her back. The genasi races to her aid, managing to carve it in two.   "They're squishy, they're very squishy!" He cheers much more at ease with their large numbers. Before hearing a growl as the lumbering beast rears back. Focusing on him after having finished its first victim. "But I really doubt that one is!"  Panicked, he pats Laudna, "Get'em!" He empowers her and she looks at the hulking beast before her.  "Are you-? Are you friendly?" She asks up to the creature,  "Why would you think it's friendly!?" Dorian hisses and Laudna shrugs,  "Oh well, the dwarf doesn't seem to like them. That seemed good to me." She grins, making Dorian's skin crawl with her odd delight,  "That actually sounds very good." Fearne agrees overhearing the pair,  "Hello, it's nice to meet you big scary wolf man. I'm Fearne." She introduces herself and Dorian sputters.   "What is going on?!" He cries as Laudna licks the ichor off her back. Cracking and changing shape as she takes on her form of dread. Based on her odd logic, she spins. Deciding to focus her wrath on the dwarf instead of the beast. Firing off an eldritch blast.  Managing to hit home and striking an unnatural fear into the rouge. Fearne decides to follow her lead. Transforming into a massive bright green snake with yellow swirls and red eyes. Hissing at the cloaked thing closest to her. Which snarls back at her.   Still heaving, Bertrand finally comes into the room. "Save some for me! I'm coming to- Fucking snake!" He shouts startled by the serpant.  "That's the first thing you notice!?" Dorian shouts and the old man looks at him. Seeing Laudna flanked by the bloodied canine figure.  "That's a wolf! That's a big wolf on two legs, my gods that's a werewolf!" He shouts as the beast's glowing eyes focus on him. Flashing fangs that startle him.  "Right, I'm sure you've got that under control! I'll uh-" He sees Imogen being harassed. Before racing to her aid. Slashing at the imp and impaling it. It hisses from the end of his rapier. Bertrand shouts and slaps it into the floor. Splattering it in two with a cry as it bursts into ash. Scorching a few around them.  Orym awakens to the chaos. Groaning as he leaps to his feet. Jaw dropping as he takes in everything. "Ok, is that thing on our side?"  "I think it is!?" Dorian answers chuckling nervously,  "Oh, ok, uh- Good dog?" Orym stumbles and the wolf's attention turns to him. Fangs back in its mouth. It tilts its head with a loud whine. The long tail patting the wood with heavy thumps. Resembling an oversized puppy in response. Orym nods, deciding to deal with that later.  Focusing back on the fight. He slashes at the small creature in front of him. Stabbing it in the back. Causing it to gurgle and hiss at him.  The dwarf panics and throws out it's hand, "Children!"   Ashton's eyes narrow as he slams his hammer into the ground. Seeming to cast something on the dwarf. Who glares yet still manages to set off the spell. Flooding half of the room in magical darkness.  Laudna gasps, making a face, "You bitch. You cowardly little bitch!"  Ashton blindly swings, planning to hit where they knew the dwarf last to be. Only to impact as they rear their weapon back. Ashton hears hissing and curses. Racing full speed out of the darkness. Taking a swipe from two unknown figures. Stumbling out of the darkness. They end up face first with the hulking canine figure.    "Oh, holy shit, hello." They breathe as the wolf looks down at them. Licking its muzzle and flaring its nose. Imogen races towards the magical darkness. Grabbing onto the creature attacking Fearne. Shocking it with a blast of lightning.  There's skittering as the remaining 'children' rush. Two lunge for Orym out of the darkness. While the one Imogen attacked back slashes her. F.C.G. shouts providing their aid to her. Taking the impact for her.  The one that raced after the fleeing Ashton leaps from the darkness. Though they side step it with a shout. "Nope!"  F.C.G. shoots their grapple canon. Managing to grab the one next to them. Impaling it on the end of their grappling arm. Causing it to burst into ash. Scorching the robot who yelps.  The wolf licks it's maw. Staring down at the creature that had landed at its feet. After attempting to strike at Ashton. The creeper yelps, trying to flee only to be snapped up. Before being chewed and swallowed. Ashton lets out a sound that's a mix of disgust and morbid enjoyment.  "Damn you're strong, now if we can just get that dwarf bastard." The wolf's ear flicks at his words. Turning its head to the darkness, it snorts, and charges into the dark. Letting out a guttural sound before vanishing.  "I don't know where the fuck that thing came from, but I like them!" Ashton shouts, laughing as they all look to the darkness. Most of the children are done. But any that remain are hidden in the darkness.  "I know! They're so sweet. Really helped clean up. Now what do we do about- this?" Laudna waves to the magical darkness.   "With that dwarf in there, it isn't safe." She grumbles as Fearne moves. Slithering into the darkness. Sensing the presence around her. Trying to strike at what she senses. Not managing to sink her fangs into anything.  Bertrand runs to the darkness blindly swinging. Managing to sink his blade into Dorian. Unfortunately. The two bicker as Bertrand tries to back out. Thought not before Dorian gives him a back hand that manages to overcome the sound of combat. Everyone is staring at the source as Bertrand stumbles out. Bright red palm mark imprinting the side of his face. Pointing into the darkness he stumbles, "Dorian is over there!"   Orym looks around the darkness confused. Before doing what he can. Slicing his blade through the dark. Managing to ash one of the creatures. Barely avoiding the burst of flame.   "Does anyone have healing? I'm not feeling good over here?!" Ashton announces, stumbling back.   "Fuck, that darkness is a death trap." They race around the darkness. Finding the cluster of their companions.  "Be careful! The wolf's in there. Don't get fucking eaten!" They warn as Imogen races into the darkness. Some time after a low bassy sound fills the air. The smell of burning filling everyone's noses. Orym faces off with one creature. Barely standing as it tears into him.   "I-What do we do guys? This is- this is a problem!" F.C.G. rolls to the edge of the darkness. Before a cupboard catches their attention. They search through it, but don't find anything good. The party stiffens as they hear sniffing and a snort. Orym yelps as the creature is yanked off of him. Disappearing as the sounds of flesh tearing fill the air.   "Uh- Right! G-Good dog!" He shouts, not able to see the wolf. Though he does hear a happy bark from the darkness. Dorian stares at the darkness his jaw dropped. Even as he leans over and heals Orym. Empowering him while he's at it.  Laudna finally wanders towards the darkness. Trying to peer in before sighing. "A shadow that doesn't like me." She starts weaving black ooze forming between her hands. The snake slithers further into the dark. Passing the massive wolf as she goes. Managing to find a familiar creature in the darkness. Licking her tongue over Imogen's skin. Startling the purple haired woman.   "Fearne, gods I hope that's you." She says before she remembers something. "I think there was a door over here!" She stumbles through the darkness. Exciting it and entering a side room with an open window. She tries to search for the dwarf, racing to this rooms balcony, but he's gone.  Laudna runs onto the other balcony. Only seeing Imogen as she searches. They wave to each other as they hear more snorts. Out from the darkness the canine figure growls. "Hey big guy, what's up-?" Imogen nervously chuckles at the werewolf.  The Wolf just snorts snd leaps out the balcony past Laudna. Dropping into the alleyway and racing off. The girls shout getting the halfling's attention.  "I'm following the wolf!" Orym announces, leaping out of the balcony after them. Leaving the rest to investigate the room. Eventually finding the body of Dannis.  Orym looks around into the night. He had tried to follow deeper into alley. Only to hit a dead end. He searches still clinging to his sword and shield. Yet he fails to find any sign of the dwarf or the wolf. Somehow both have vanished from sight. He sighs as he uses his boots to leap back onto the balcony. Rejoining the others just in time to spot Dorian wrapping a cloak around Dannis.  "The wolf and the dwarf are gone." Orym sighs and shakes his head. Dorian apologies to him, trying to make him feel better.  The party gather trying to figure out what to do next. Discussing what happened and what to do with Dannis. Laudna, discreetly, searches the gnome. Finding coin, keys to the warehouse, but nothing else.   "I think we have another worry by the way." Dorian gets everyone's attention,  "That was a werewolf. Are they also a problem in this town? Like the Shadow Creeper's or-?" He asks, looking at the residents of the town. Ashton, Laudna, and Imogen all shrug in response.  "No, not as far as I know, but we need to go. We've got to fucking go." Ashton insists, grabbing the wrapped up body of Dannis. Everyone flees off the balcony. Disappearing into the moonlit night. Trekking towards the core spire and Lord Esterhross estate.

  It's a long, somber walk back to the manor, and it's Bertrand who knocks, announcing their arrival. They all wait for Evelyn to open the door. Which drags on forever. Until the elven woman appears. She's groggy, yet one look across the group tells her all she needs to know. "I know it's late, but We-' we need to speak to Esterhross." Bertrand apologies and she nods,  "Of course, follow me." Evelyn leads them inside. Taking everyone to a dining room and leaving them to fetch Lord Esterhross. The orc isn't too awake even when he arrives. Settling down is chair before looking everyone. Taking in their grim looks and the overall atmosphere.  "I take it, things did not end well?" He prompts and the party sighs,  Informing Lord Eshteross of what had transpired. Showing the long cold body of Dannis. Which unsettles the elven maid. She backs away with a quiet gasp. Unable to keep her gaze on the gnome. Eshteross himself barely bats an eye at the kill.  "It is unfortunate-" His eyes scan the group as he frowns, "-Especially since it seems you've lost one of your number."  The group nearly jumps realizing he's referring to the blood hunter. It's Imogen who steps up. Nervous as she starts attempting to explain their absence. Only finding her tongue as Laudna puts a hand on her shoulder, "Um- Shulkyr ended up going missing in the chaos. They- I made the mistake of leaving them alone and they vanished."  "They're not dead." Ashton butts in, "They're too stubborn for that, but they probably got into some trouble. The last place we saw them was the inn."  "Agreed, I really don't feel they would go down quietly." Dorian nods and rubs his neck, others pipe with their thoughts. Fearne suggesting maybe the dwarf killed them after Bertrand and Imogen left them. Which makes the rest, and especially Bertrand and Imogen, frown and grumble. Their disappearance is one of many off occurrences from the night. The talk of mysteries causing the halfling to remember something rather important.  "Actually uh-" Orym steps up next to question the lord, "-During the fight, the crawlers were one weird thing and you guys said they're pests. But there was also a werewolf?" His words do seem to surprise the orc. Who sits back with knitted brows. Listening with a sudden intensity that's fairly worrying to the halfling.  "A lycanthrope you say?"   "Oh fuck, right. I barely got to see them and got distracted." Ashton hisses and the others all jump. Recalling the werewolf helping them. Before chasing after the dwarf. It sends the orc deep into thought as he hums.  "That is deeply concerning." He agrees and Fearne leans in,   "I take it they're not normal here then?" She questions and he gives a grim nod,  "No, I'm afraid not. Bearers of that curse usually hide far from society in any capacity. Seeing one on the Spires. It is something of note." He explains and taps his staff.  "I will look into both these matters. You did well to take on such an increasingly dangerous challenge. I feel the need to celebrate." He shares and goes to grab a cake he had made. Which turns out to be a carrot cake. He proudly presents it, splitting the creation between the party. Some jokes and relaxation ensue of course. All of them putting aside the night's failings to focus on what success they managed. Complimenting the orc on his baking skills. Though some are clearly lying, causing Esterhross to fluster. After finishing they eventually leave the manor to drink and rest at the Spire By Fire.  During the stroll, Imogen can't help trying to keep an eye out for Shulkyr. Including when they slip inside the inn. Discovering the drow is nowhere to be found. It manages to lower her mood just a bit. Worry and guilt gnawing at her conscious.  The others carry her along with their cheer. Eventually settling down, drinking and eating and cracking jokes. Before the discussion turns to sharing what some are capable of. Jokes that lead to Fearne revealing she can heal, and likely likes Ashton the best of the group. Which does wound the pride of Dorian and Orym. Before everyone talks about what they're going to do next. Where some plan to rest among other things. Spending time well into the night before some start turning in.  Ashton and F.C.G are the first to leave. Heading back to the krook house for the night. With the barbarian knocking on Milo's door. Throwing a bag of gold at their face. Causing them to shout and get a bloody nose. Though their tone changes when they realize what Ashton threw at them. "Holy shit." Ashton beams and tells them it's a good gig and Milo nods,  Once the glee settles down. Ashton gets serious and asks Milo to investigate Lord Eshteross. Worried about what could happen. Milo is quick to agree. Giving the genasi a worried look. Checking in if 'she' has come around. Which seems to unsettle the barbarian. Who promises that no she hasn't shown up. It gets awkward and the friends part with one last jab. Trying in vain to break the tension.  Ashton leaves Milo be and takes the time to find a place to lose their stomach. Head pounding with their ever-present migraine. F.C.G. rolls over and watches over their friend. Patting the genasi's back unsure how to help. Once Ashton has lost everything they stumble to their feet. The pair slowly making it to Ashton's room. The barbarian slips inside and proceeds to drop dead in the quiet of the krook house. F.C.G. closes the door and wishes their friend a good stasis. Before getting comfortable in the corner and quietly shutting down for the night.    In the Spire By Fire, Bertrand buys another round once the barbarian is gone. In retaliation for downing his drink before handing it to him. Imogen and Laudna leave the party next. Informing the trio where to meet in the morning. Saying goodbye to Bertrand before they go. Having a quick discussion about their newfound connection. Which puts a small smile on Imogen's face before they're gone.  It's Dorian who keeps the joy of the night going. Asking the older man what kind of music he likes. Leading to Bertrand again blowing up his tastes to impress. Before stating he doesn't like jazz. Which deeply upsets the Satyr across from him. Dorian chuckles and begins to play for the fighter. Offering to write a song about him. Which causes an amusing back and forth between the pair.  Fearne is the next to fall. Wanting to go to bed and remove the liqour from her hair. Though she does pause at the bar. Buying another drink for Bertrand before turning in for the night. Bertrand downs the drink, drinking himself into a stupor. Causing the other two to shake their heads. Grinning happily at his boisterous state.   Orym is the next who goes to rest his head. Pausing to ask Bertrand if he needs help getting upstairs. Only for him to state he needs to see the sunrise. It's an urge that has struck deep in him. Orym just nods and wishes Bertrand and Dorian good night. Heading upstairs to fall asleep.  The remaining pair continue to drink. With Bertrand buying another round for a random group. The old man gets sappy as he drowns in more drink. Before drunkenly sharing his feelings on this group with Dorian. How special he believes it to be. Which puts a smile on Dorian's face.  Bertrand decides to go on a walk outside. Dorian tries to disway him from such an early walk. Yet Bertrand dismisses his worries. Eventually, the elder man manages to send Dorian away. Encouraging him to go to bed. Leaving the fighter alone, drunk and giddy. Bertrand heads out for a stroll into the night. Staggering out of the Spire By Fire.  Blissfully unaware of the two bloody shadows that have been chasing one another through the spires. Even when one sets their gaze on him. While the other chases, too far now to change the string. Which is pulled taunt to their raven blessed gaze.~•~  Imogen opens her eyes to her hometown. She enjoys the breeze and spots her favorite mare. Who trots over to her and let's her pet her mane. The dream is oddly peaceful from what she's used to. So she enjoys the emerald grass and the calmness of it. Not realizing how short lived it will be.   The smell of rain hits Imogen's tongue, and a fierce cold wind billows through her dream. Dark clouds begin to bleed into the sky. Turning the clear blue into a sickening red hue. She spins at the crack of thunder. The redness reaching out for her. The horror hits her full force as a familiar voice tells her to flee. She races away to the home she called sanctuary. Barely reaching it and ripping open the door. Imogen feels something tug at her, willing her to see what's happening despite her better judgment.  She spots an elderly figure. Looming where she had once stood. He straightens revealing an older refined man. Looking eerily calm as he stares into the storm. Before striding into the tempest and vanishing. Consumed.~•~  "Lieve'tel." The faint cry draws a towering fanged figure to an alleyway. The crash of their weight from above sends the dark figure, still brandishing a bloodied blade, into the shadows. The wolf snarls and makes to chase its prey. Only stopped by the scent of iron as the taut string snaps. The effect causes their form to shiver and for just a moment. Clearing the will of the beast from their mind. Causing clear eyes to focus on the fallen form. Their ears and tail fall as a whine escapes their throat.    The vaguest recognition registers as a massive clawed hand reaches out. Closing the eyes of the elder man. Seconds pass as they mourn. Before the thrum of the snap fades. Causing the beast's haze to settle back into place. Anger swelling in their chest. Turning primal as they spin onto the darkness. Throwing themself into the shadows. After the fleeing figure who reeks now of iron and death. ~•~  Imogen awakens in a fright, getting Laudna's attention. The pair converse about her nightmare. The warlock attempting to ease her concerns. Which falls flat despite Laudna's best efforts. She perks up and starts helping Imogen get dressed. Deciding the best way to ease Imogen's worry. Would be to go search for Bertrand. Dressed and slightly more awake. They make their way to the Spire By Fire.  Finding the group is no longer downstairs. Merrily drinking the night away. After asking around and getting nothing. They eventually head upstairs and wake Orym, Fearne, and Dorian in the process. The duo struggle to explain why they're here. Which doesn't quite make sense to the others, but they agree to help the girls nonetheless. Orym leads them to the room Bertrand had meant to stay in. Knocking on door brought no response. Some more knocking with no response, and Orym leans into the door. Not hearing any snoring or any other sounds. Panic and worry set in. So he breaks into the room. Only to find no signs Bertrand, or anyone for that matter, was even here.   That sends the group scrambling. Everyone gathers their things to go searching. Quickly leaving the tavern and stepping out into the late night. Imogen summons three flickers of purple lightning to look around. Before everyone starts to scour for Bertrand. Searching through alleyways and investigating every corner and figure. It's almost an hour into their search. When some realize their search may carry on into the dawn.  They start considering he may be with someone. When they pass an alley and a collapsed figure catches Orym's eye. Blade drawn the halfling sneaks closer. His heart beating rapidly, growing in intensity as he identifies the unmoving body of Bertrand. Imogen's lights reveal the wounds and pool of blood. The group discover his expression has settled into a serene smile with his eyes closed.  Dorian rushes over in an attempt to aid his companion. His healing doing nothing to help the long cold body. Panic and shock begins to settle on Imogen. While Fearne begins to loot Bertrand's body.  "Oh, gods," Horror paints her features as thoughts race through her mind. The whispering grows intense. Only soothed by Laudna embracing her. Gently hushing her as the others continue to investigate.  Orym searches for any sign of the attacker. Finding blood that trails deeper into the alley. Only one is vaguely a shape, massive and almost paw-like. His eyes grow in horror as he races back to Bertrand. Checking the wounds to match them to the marks. Only he easily identifies the six injures as stab wounds. Rapier wounds, matching the ones in his own form. Not the bite and claw marks he had originally expected. It draws the connections in his mind to the pale dwarf they had fought earlier in the evening.   "Are you getting anything?" Fearne checks with the halfling. Whose head falls, grim and solemn.   "He came back to finish the job." Dread sinks into all of them. Even as Orym looks deeper into the alley. "He's being chased. There's a paw mark, our werewolf was still after him. For a moment I thought maybe they-" He sucks in a deep breath. Barely resisting the oncoming grief. Mourning the man he barely trusted and knew.    "-The wounds are the dwarf's. He killed Bell. The wolf just showed up after."  "How do you know he didn't get caught up in their fight?" Laudna questions and Orym looks around,   "There's no sign of one. Nothing destroyed, no other blood. This was quick. Fights aren't quick." Silence falls over the party. Before they decide what to do. Fearne tries to argue, maybe not to move him. Before even the morally questionable fey realizes how bad that sounds. They all agree to take him to Lord Eshteross's manor. While Fearne starts to sort through what she found on Bertrand. Handing a peanut to Laudna.   When they arrive, Evelynn opens the door. Pausing mid-sentence when she sees Bertrand. Then she just silently leads the party inside the manor. Having them settle in the study. Before going to fetch Lord Eshteross.  They lay Bertrand down on a rug while waiting for the orc. Fearne lighting a fire in the fireplace. Filling the room with light. Everyone settles and begins their wait. When the orc arrives they begin to converse. Esterhross seems even more grim at the sight of Bell's pale form.  "We had no other contact. You were the only we know who knew him." Laudna states and Orym nods,   "This was an entanglement that came from the job we did for you." His voice is still somber and grim. Guilt gnawing at the small warrior.  "This is greatly unfortunate." He's somber even as Laudna asks what he thinks. His confession that he's trying to figure out whether or not this is tied to their assignment. Or something from Bertrand's past come to haunt him. That seems to spark something in the group.  "No, I don't think so. Our friend here found something." Dorian counters the suggestion looking to Orym who nods,   "The person we all tangled with found him later in the same day. Like it was nothing. Who's to say they're not going to find you?" Imogen nods along with Orym's question,   "Or any of us?" She adds and they all give the orc their attention. Waiting to hear what he has to say.   "Well- In that case. It would do all of you well to not travel alone." His words have Imogen shifting on her feet. Mind turning back to their other companion. Who's been missing for too long, and in the very place they encountered the dwarf. Did Shulkyr go off on their own? Are they lying dead somewhere just like Bertrand?  "In fact, I would recommend as much of your group as possible, and I would perhaps find the other three as soon as possible. Let them know that we do not know what sort of danger they are in." The orc advises them. Before Orym asks if they can stay the night. Tensions rise as Laudna tries to dig into Lord Eshteross's possible enemies. Trying to piece together why he would have been harmed. Orym pushes it and the orc confesses his feelings on the matter. Before turning their attention on what to do with Bertrand.   The orc gives the party a chance to back down, and it is Fearne who speaks up first. "I kind of want to see the end of this thread. Since we've kind of pulled on it a bit. See where it goes." The others follow suit and agree to continue. All wanting to see this to the end in memory of the fallen man. Eshteross offers his manor to the party. Deciding taverns are not safe for them whole their enemy is at large.  "We should go get Ashton and letters." Orym decides and everyone discusses where they could be. Eventually deciding to wait until dawn to meet them. Lord Eshteross returns Bertrand his cane. Before leaving the party to their devices.  Each takes their turn to mourn. Fearne takes the time to reassure Dorian. Imogen tries in vain to reach the man's mind. Failing and pulling back from him. Heading to Laudna who comforts her. Pulling the other woman into an embrace. Promising that they'll figure this out. Speaking about Imogen's abilities in light. The night carries on, conversation and unease passing through the party. Weighing them down with the sudden loss and fear. Who are they going to find dead next? Are they going to be able to find the man who killed Bertrand? Were they followed here? Haunted by those questions they settle for what little remains of the night.~•~  Ashton and F.C.G wake up to Annie who they chatter with. Handing her another half of their gold. Before heading out to meet the rest. Buying food for the others on the way. The earth genasi is in a shockingly good mood. Even as they keep an eye open for a certain drow.  "Do you think Mrs. Shulk will reappear? Imogen seemed rather worried about them." F.C.G asks his companion as they carry on through the Spires.  "Who knows, they fucked off. We don't even know where to look for them." They look around,   "True, maybe one of your friends could help find them?" F.C.G. suggests and Ashton shrugs,   "Maybe. Let's make sure they didn't meet up with the others first." Ashton calms them down. Waiting for the party as they arrive at the meeting spot. Chatting away before everyone else appears. One quick scan tells the duo Shulkyr is still missing. Ashton is rather happy until Laudna blurts out Bertrand is gone.  The group lets the duo in on what happened the night before. Including the dream Imogen had. F.C.G. gently checks on everyone's state of mind. Ashton's rather blunt even as he eats. "I want to go back to the hole." Dorian decides and Imogen is quick to agree,   "I'd like to look for Shulkyr there too." She agrees and they all nod,   "Alright, agreed." Everyone heads back to The Weary Way inn. Laudna checking the balcony for tampering or signs of the dwarf. Before coming up empty handed and returning to the rest. Shaking her head when asked if she found anything. With nothing else to do. They head inside spotting the female half-orc that runs the tavern. But instead of cleaning glasses or tables, or serving food and drink. She's tending to the injuries of a familiar face.  "Shulkyr!" Imogen cries in horror, racing over to the booth the drow is slouched in.   "Oh, lookie here. Friends of yours?" The half-orc asks, the drow barely manages to lift their head. Taking note of their companions.   Imogen looks her friend over. Seeing they're full of wounds. Their torso is completely wrapped. The half-orc was just wrapping up their right arm. Which has holes resembling stellato wounds. The rest race over.  "Shulk, gods what happened to you!?" Dorian cries at the barely conscious elf,   "Fucking hells, who wrecked your shit?!" Ashton shouts and they watch Shulkyr wince, "Fuck sorry." They lower their voice with an apologetic look,   "Better be- This one is in no state to be getting an earful." The half-orc scolds the genasi giving him the stink eye,   "Found them staggering through the street. Collapsed and started bleeding out on my doorstep. Lucky for them, I still had some sober guards cause of the noise last night. They rushed over and helped carry this one inside. Two more ran off yelling at some figure. Probably whoever put them in this sorry state!" The bar keep shares which startles the entire group. Imogen in particular turns pale as a sheet. Holding onto Shulkyr's bloodied hand. Their chest is just barely rising and it terrified her.   'Shulk? Did you run into him too?' The other's mind is clouded, yet they seem to register Imogen's prodding.  'Him?' She shivers at the pain that registers even through mental conversation,   'Shit right, you weren't there. There was a dwarf we fought. He killed Dannis and he- he killed Bertrand. I was so worried he got you too.' Her thoughts are scattered as she tries to tell the drow what happened. But their mind is so hazed in pain and exhaustion it feels like her words aren't registering to them. The others have been talking to the barkeep. Getting her name and information on what happened.  "I'd hate to move them right now." Orym looks Shulkyr over, "It feels like they'll faint if we jostle them." He voices his concern and Imogen nods,   "I'm sorry if this is a bother, but can we keep them here? I'm worried-" Imogen starts and the barkeep barks,   "Course I never intended to move'em to begin with. Ya mad? It would have defeated the point of patching'em up." She looks across the group,   "You said you'll be looking for another place to rest until the room is free. Will any of you be staying with them?" She checks and the party looks around,  "I can!" F.C.G offers,  "No." The hoarse growl startles the group. They all look at the bleeding drow.  "Oh, finally found your voice?" The half-orc grins at them,   "You're the healer. You do not. Leave. The. Party." They choke on their snarled words. Dark blood bubbling from their mouth. Dorian panics and tells them to hold still. Gently moving Imogen out of the way. Before laying his hands on Shulkyr. Casting a quick heal to patch up whatever internal damage they've suffered.   "Oh, my apologies. I just wanted to-" F.C.G. stutters as they see the enraged glare being shot their way. Their seething rage is painfully evident. Managing to silence the tiny robot. Ashton raises a brow at that. Though they resist the urge to prod at the source of that anger.  "No need to say sorry, they're in a bitchy mood. Not that I blame you for it. You got tossed around pretty bad." Ashton shrugs and they've turned that glare on him now,   "If you're gonna be a bitch about it. I think we'll leave them to sulk for a bit." Ashton jokes which earns them a flash of white and bloodied teeth. They don't stand down though. Flashing their duller line of teeth in turn. Throwing a growl into it for good measure.  "Hey, don't go biting at my straggler here." The half orc hits Ashton's shoulder, "I find'em rather charming." That earns a snort from both of the snarling pair. Which makes her laugh in turn.  "Go on and do whatever then. I'll keep this one company til they're good to move without keeling over." The party, albeit hesitantly, start to go. Needing to figure out what to do next. Imogen takes a moment to send one last quick message to the drow.  'We'll be back, alright?' She gets no response beyond a fogged feeling. Which only cements her concern. What happened to you last night, Shulk? 

  Everyone heads out, slipping around the tavern to sneak into the room. Using Dorian's boots to get up as needed. Investigating anything they might have missed in the chaos. It's a long process as they investigate the rooftops, the room, and eventually go to check the hole the Creeper's came through. It's not a surprise when only Orym is able to slip inside the crack. Joined by a wild shaped Fearne who takes on a familiar snake form.   F.C.G. even gifts Orym with his magic coin to help keep him safe. Before the halfling gets ready to go down. The group tie a rope around Orym with Ashton holding onto the other end for good measure. Satisfied, they send the halfling and druid back into the wall. The duo slipping into the dimly lit space. The pair make it decently deep into tunnels that thankfully widened as they went. The walls etched with claw marks that show it's a well traveled passage.   Orym looks down into the darkness where the tunnel drops. Deciding to use the coin that had been gifted to him. He removes it and tries to use the light to see further down. Yet all he can see a drop with no defining features. Fearne hisses and gives Orym a curious look.  "Ok, let's try this." Since he's unable to tell how far the drop would be on his own. He releases the coin and wait for it to stop. He watches and it falls, and it falls, and the pair watch the coin vanish left. It's quite some time before they finally hear the clink. The enchantment of the coin informs them both that it fell over two thousand feet below. Orym turns pale and Fearne hisses.   "Ok, let's not go that way." Orym swallows, taking a moment to look around. When he can't find anything else in the oppressing darkness. He reaches out to Imogen. Saying he needs Ashton to pull them back, and it takes little effort on the genasi's part to pull the pair back. Until the duo are freed from the tunnels.   Fearne shifts back and they share what they found. Which unfortunately doesn't seem to help much at all. They're attempts to focus on what's next is paused by a quick side track. Orym trying to give F.C.G. two hundred gold out of guilt for losing his beloved coin. The automaton refuses until Ashton ends up taking it. Though it doesn't assuage the halfling's guilt by very much.  Fleeing the room they all discuss what to do next. Eventually deciding to see if they can get the name of who rented the room. Which leads to all of them immediately deciding to steal the logbook. Until Ashton mentions they could just bribe the inn keep. Which leads to a lot of blank stares their way.  "D-Does no one bribe anymore? Is that just a thing that fell out of fashion?" Ashton seems baffled, wishing Shulkyr was here to back them up. They totally would, cops bribe all the time, right?  Orym drags them out of their head by suggesting Ashton show them how. Since no one else seems to know. Which causes Ashton to brighten up. Surprised by being made 'the face'. They take a moment to remember what the innkeep thinks of them. Hoping they didn't do anything too bad. They're pretty sure they're fine! More sure than they are about others at least. Ashton nods and deciding, yeah, they can do this!  "What room was this in?" The group recollect it was room ten. Sending Ashton inside, they head straight to the bar.  Spotting the matron chatting to a still drowsy drow. Somehow she's gotten food in front of them. Which the drow seems to have enjoyed. Along with a half empty glass of water. Ashton gives them a glance over. Realizing they already seem noticeably better. Did they get some medicine or something?  Once the Matron notices them sitting at the bar she nods. Saying something to the drow who barely nods their head in acknowledgment. With that the matron comes over to Ashton. Wearing a curious grin.  "You're back fast. Didn't feel like leaving them alone after all eh?" Ashton snorts and waves their hand,  "Ah, no. They're a bastard, but they're our bastard." The Matron smiles at that and Ashton turns to her, "I also have a favor to ask you ah- Kamal right?"  "Kamala." The Matron corrects and Ashton nods,  "Kamala, Kamala. Sorry I'm usually really- a little drunk when I'm here." Ashton's quick to correct themself,  "Mhmm." The Matron nods with a knowing look,  Ashton fumbles as they try to, not very discreetly, attempt to bribe the matron. Mentioning how they and their crew got jumped. That culprit may very well be the guy renting, and they'd like to make sure any talk with them happens as far from the tavern as possible. The genasi follows that with sliding ten gold to the gruff woman. Who does attempt to refute for a moment. Her eyes flicking to the coin and back. Before Ashton slides another ten and presses their point.  "They hurt my people real bad," They nod their head towards the drow, "Real bad. They're one of my guys who got off easy." The Matron eyes the drow. Clearly thinking about what to do. Before deciding to take the bribe. Sharing that the room in question was being rented for about a month on and off by a 'Dugger.'  "Appreciated Kamala. We'll make sure our business doesn't bother yours." The genasi is barely resisting beaming. Before they get up, skipping over to the drow.  "Hey, we're gonna be heading out. You good?" Ashton tries to touch base with Shulkyr. Who eventually, slowly, raises their head to lock gazes with him.  "Me? I'll be. Dugger? Not when I get my fucking hands on'em." The growl puts a blood thirsty grin on Ashton's face. Shulkyr downs the rest of their glass. Snatching the apple the matron gave them. Slowly getting to their feet. Fueled mostly by their seething anger. Ashton's quick to throw and arm around them. Letting the drow keep steady with their form as support.   "Kamala." Shulkyr calls to the matron who looks up. Just in time to catch the platinum that's flicked at her, "Thanks for the patch up." Kamala snorts and gives a nod,  "Take care. Hopefully, next time I see you. You'll be a better sight." She nods to the duo and Shulkyr nods back to her,  "I will be." They leave meeting up with the others outside. Ashton is now bathing in their successful bribe. Keeping their skipping to a minimum, mostly for their friend's sake. Since Shulkyr leans even heavier into their side after a while. They eventually rejoin the group. Everyone taking a moment to check in on Shulkyr. They barely respond to the flurry of concerns and questions, but it's clear something has aggravated them.  Once everyone is satisfied with their state. They all quiet down, letting Ashton share what they learned. The information is tossed around, followed by theories. Nothing seems to satisfy them, and group eventually decides their best course of action is to head to Lord Esterhross manor. So they all start the long walk back to the other Spire. Ashton considers carrying Shulkyr again, but the moment they touch the drow's ribs. They let out a pained noise. Imogen makes a face hearing that. Deciding to connect to Shulkyr now that they're more lucid.  "I'm glad you're looking better." She gives a small smile to them. Making the smallest gesture to cast prestidigitation. Removing all the excess blood from Shulkyr's attire. Which earns her a twitch of the lip back from the drow.  "I don't feel any better, but that can't be helped." They think back to the sorceress who nods,  "I don't blame you. Last night was- it's been total chaos Shulk." Imogen sighs and dives, once again, into what happened. Now that the blood hunter is actually aware enough to listen to her. She recounts everything and gets hesitant as she reaches the part about Bertrand. Imogen strains her abilities sensing for their reaction to Bertrand's death. Hoping not to distress the already struggling drow. Yet all she gets is- Silence.  Hauntingly empty silence. Like the drow either has gone numb or truly feels nothing on the matter. It unnerves Imogen when the connection turns frigid. It's not the reaction she was expecting. Even Ashton reacted more and they stabbed Bertrand! Imogen calls for Shulkyr after silence starts to become unbearable.  "I apologize. You must miss him." They respond afterwards and suddenly the connection snaps, and not of her own volition. Imogen jumps at the jarring feeling. It makes her head pulse and her ears pop. There's a sting in her eyes that she struggles to rub away. Shaken.  That's- That's never happened before. Before she can put much thought into it. Or try to reconnect with the drow. They arrive at the Spire By Fire. The group deciding to make a stop and investigate if anyone would have heard of Dugger before. Dorian and Imogen split from the group. While Ashton finds a spot for Shulkyr to sit. ~•~

  "Sure, you don't need more rest? I can drop you off at the krook house. Milo can take care of you." Ashton offers tilting their head and giving me a concerned look,  'That might be a good idea. You have been hurt pup.' Shaking my head at the voice. I rub my eyes,  "I'm aching, I've been stabbed more times than I thought possible, and I'm running on pure spite at the moment. It's tempting-," removing my hand. I lock eyes with Ashton. Smirking at the barbarian who returns it, "-Don't tempt me." They chuckle and kneel beside my feet. Deciding to sit on their hammer. The glimmer of the crystals and slag glass in their head catching my eye.  For the first time, I give the genasi a proper look over. Taking in their milky eye, the gold filled scarring, and anything else I can admire. They have to be the most earth genasi, well- earth genasi, I've ever met.  "Can't find anything else to stare at?" They joke turning their head to look at me with their good eye. I snort and tilt my head.  "And you can tell I'm staring-?" I wait and they beam,  "Cause you're burning a hole back open. Plus-" Ashton nods to Orym who seems to be watching the pair, "-You we're ratted out."  "Thanks." I drly comment making the halfling chuckle. Rolling my eyes, I focus back on Ashton. Letting curiousity get the better of me.  "How deep does that head wound go?" I pry and they raise a brow. The look earns me a an exasperated sigh in my mind.  'You could not be more blunt.' The spirit complains, and that only makes my smirk wider as Ashton rolls their eyes.  "A gold piece and you get to see." They offer and I snort, handing over one of my few remaining gold pieces.  "Take your time." They joke, tilting their head to give me a better view. Leaning over, I rest my weight on their shoulder. Easing up when I see their jaw tighten. Right, it is an injured shoulder. Even if the wounds are welded shut with gold.  After adjusting, I look into the reflective rainbow glass. Letting me see the insides of their head. I can't help wondering- what happened to cause such a wound? Tracing the gold scarring. I slowly try to piece together what could have caused such an extensive injury.   Eventually Dorian and Imogen return. Seeming rushed and giddy. If Ashton is anything to go by. They probably found something good. Which pauses my investigation for a bit. They share what they discovered. Eager to be on the move. Only stopping when they notice I've gone back to rather thoroughly investigating Ashton.  "Uh- Shulk? Did you really pay him a gold too?" Dorian asks eyeing us and I hum,  "Apparently, it's a well spent gold coin. They're pretty enchanted." I snort at Ashton's bragging. As I trace a mark along their jaw.  An epiphany strikes me and amusement tugs at the end of my mouth.  "Ashton-" They hum raising a brow at my barely contained amusement, "-Did you fall?" Silence follows as I watch two different eyes go wide.  "Fall? Like down some stairs?" Fearne asks,  "Uuuh-" They clear their throat as I grip their chin. Forcing them to stay as I tilt their head.  "No, nastier than that." I press on the slag glass, "The head injury-" I press on their shoulder, "-The shoulder is the worst. Spidering out in a pattern like impact wounds. Considering where we are- it really seems like a fall could have done it."  After a moment, Ashton yanks out of my grasp. Struggling to their feet as they quietly curse. "Are you saying Ashton probably got hammered-?" Dorian barely contains his chuckle.   "Fuck off! I did not- well I have, but it didn't end- you know what fuck all of you." Ashton nearly storms off and I'm grinning at their retreating back. Slipping off my spot, I start to follow after them. Having to stagger now that I'm no longer supported by the fuming genasi. It's worth it however, as I watch the party devolve into teasing and giggles. They may be annoyed, but I'll buy them beer to get them over it. I just need to get my hands on more coin first. ~•~  We end up at the manor not long after. Evelyn seems pleasantly surprised by me being here. Promising to make me some tea. Before leading us inside to see Esterhross. The orc seeming equally surprised by my appearance. "It's good to see you are well, I had feared the worst for you. As for the rest, I believe you are owed your due." The Lord gives us a pouch of gold coins. Which I put away as Evelyn returns to us. Handing me a steaming cup while everyone else discusses what to do and what's been going on. Enjoying my tea, I wander over to the body of Bertrand.   His wounds are mirror copies of my own. Only in just slightly more lethal places. He's gone pale with no blood and long gone cold. Slowly blinking, I reach out my hand. Laying it over his closed eyes. The haziest memory pulls to the forefront of my mind. Rushes of pain, the thrill of the hunt and primal anger, the smell of blood, and countless other fragments. Ended by a faint echo of a word.   "May the champion secure your passage to the queen's court, Bertrand Bell." I whisper to him and nod my head,  "-And to whoever Lieve'tel may be." It's the only sound that rings clearly in my memory. Though whatever meaning is behind it is lost on me. Stepping back, I resume drinking my tea. The peppermint soothing my throat. It's almost as effective as the herbs Kamala gave me.    Everyone decides on what to do. Evelyn sneaking her way to me at some point. "I am glad you are ok."  "I'm glad to be ok." Nodding to her, I raise the cup.  "Here, since it seems you will need to be on your feet again." She hands me a bottle filled with familiar bright crimson liquid.  "Thank you, Evelyn." She nods as I down the health potion. Feeling it patch up the last of my more severe wounds. Only soreness and a soft humming pain remain. Pocketing the empty vial, I finish my tea. Returning my attention to the discussion. I catch Ashton explain they'll take us to the krook house. The current abode of F.C.G. and thenself. Humming I eye the pair. That does sounds like it should be interesting.~•~  Walking back to the other spire, we slip inside. Actually entering one of the spires for the first time. An act that makes me almost giddy. Even if we're still high up, we're surrounded by dirt and stone and to me. That is something comforting.  Upon getting inside the Spire, I find myself relaxing. The dark feels heavenly to my strained eyes. I've walked in the sun plenty over the years. So while I'm not blinded by it's radiance, and it is radiant in every sense. It does cripple me with an almost ever present headache. The dark, at least, has me putting a hand on my Laudna's shoulder.   "Alright there?" She checks   "Perfect, I'm enjoying the dark. Don't let me fall." Just for a moment, I close my eyes. Letting them rest without the sun burning through my lids. Bathing in the temporary relief.  Laudna chuckles and I feel an arm around me. She guides me along as she is guided by Ashton. After I'm free from the pain. I open my eyes to admire the inside of the Spire. The many shafts, the precariously standing homes, and the many people chatting and walking around. Ashton leads us through the hustle and bustle.   Until we arrive at a small shop. We step inside, greeted by the grinding of metal. It's a sort search for the source of the noise. As we spot a human bent over an unknown project. It takes a moment for them to acknowledge our presence. Wearing a cap and goggles that make their eyes massive to us. "Oh, hello. These are- people."  "Yea uh these are my new people. Told you I was running with a new crew. People meet Milo. Milo, my new people." Ashton introduces us to the cute and jumpy crafter. Who ends up looking each of us over. Coming across Laudna eventually. Who asks what they're up to. Which causes an entire thing with Paté.   Curiosity gnaws at me, and I sneak around the group. Investigating the place and finding a few other rooms. Each having their own flavor. Practically oozing their respective owner's personality. Eventually, I find a room that looks odd, even compared to the rest. There's scraps of banners, quilts, and arts across the walls. The bed is a bit lackluster. Bits and pieces are around the place. Compared to the others it's somehow the messiest and yet still the most minimal. Almost homey even. Looking around, I sniff and investigate the place. Sitting down on the bed and humming. Now who's room have I wandered into?  "Hey! Can you not disappear for two fucking minutes?" Ashton thuds into the room.   "You said I can rest, didn't you?" Their eyes widen and they swallow,  "Not in my room." They counter as I choose to lie down. "Besides we have to go." Reaching down, I take the mask off my hip. Gesturing for them to come here. They roll their eyes and storm over.  "Give me an hour." Waving the mask, I move to put it over my eyes, "It'll heal me for about eight hours worth in an hour."   "Why haven't you used that before then?" Ashton demands as the night sky takes my vision,  "Haven't had a chance." They scuff and I feel their weight shift,  "Whatever- we're going to eat then. I'll wake you in an hour." Ashton promises, And their weight shifts and disappears.  "Thanks."   "Whatever. Rest up." That's the last thing I register before the enchantment sets in. Causing me to lose all feeling and putting my mind at ease. It's a familiar, comforting feeling. When Ashton comes to get me. I should be able to actually do something again. I despise being dead weight. 

   The group linger around the krook house for an hour. Laudna watches Milo work in admiration. Ashton plays some poker with the others. F.C.G. takes the time to show Fearne their space. Before the hour strikes and Ashton collects Shulkyr. After they've rejoined the party, looking significantly better. Everyone heads on their way to meet a contact of Ashton's. The genasi once again takes the lead. Taking them deeper through the Spire. Warning them to keep their purses close when they enter the market. Until they eventually come across a contact of the earth genasi. A pompous elven man dressed in a cloak. The Shadow Baker, apparently.   They end up buying and eating pastries from him. Chattering playfully until Orym brings up pie. Which causes the two present elves to burst into a blind rage.   "Pie!? Why the hell would you want pie?!" Shulkyr cries at the halfling, seeming genuinely offended.  'Oh here we go.' The voice in the masks sighs as the duo start,  "Pie is good, it's better than cake-!" Orym starts and their eyes bulge,  "Heresy!!" The two start to raise their voices. Drawing the attention of onlookers.  "Pie can be savory- You can have meat, fruits-"  "PIE Is a crime against humanity! Pie! Is awful in the same vein as full sized tarts!" She screeches and Ashton shakes his head. Seeming at a loss with the pair. If only he knew how badly the spirit agreed with him. Very few times do they feel second hand embarrassment. This is one of those times.  "Shulk, maybe you should breath-?" Fearne gently tries to calm the drow,  "No, fuck off." They don't yell at the Satyr, but do raise their voice again the moment they turn back to Orym. "Pie is only good for one bite! Because it's the only one with a balanced ratio of filling to crust!"  "If that's the issue. You can have crusts on the tops of your pie!" Orym counters and causes Shulkyr to blow their top,  "THAT IS ALWAYS BURNT AND TERRIBLE, AND THEN YOU HAVE THE OPPOSITE PROBLEM!"   "Maybe you've just never had a good pie?" Orym gently suggests and she frowns,  "Orym are you seriously suggesting that in over two centuries of life. I've never tasted a 'good' pie? I've had festival pie, rich people pie, and my father's pie. I've tried pie, and I have never once enjoyed the experience."  "My point still stands-" He raises both his hands. Causing Shulkyr to go silent as their eyes natrow. Their frown pulls deeper revealing fangs. They're bristling and all but snarling at Orym.  "Did you just insult my father's cooking?" Dead silence follows as Orym starts to panic. Going pale and noticably sweating. Everyone else looks between the two. Even the mask is frozen in silence. Unable to think of anyway to de-escalate what's about to happen.  "You Short-Stacked,  MOTHER FUCKER-!" Ashton bolts and restrains the blood hunter. Easily lifting them off the ground. Their arms locked under Shulkyr's to keep their hands from their weapons. The drow is dark-eyed and hissing, struggling against Ashton.  "Put me down!"  "No, no I don't think I will-" Ashton grunts as they step back,  "He deserves a beating damnit!   "I agree with this one Ashton, call it karmic justice." The Shadowbaker pipes up and Ashton shoots him a glare,   "Not. Fucking. Helping!" They shout and sigh, "Alright. We're timing out." The barbarian carries the blood hunter away. Dropping them in a quiet corner. Making sure to body block any attempts of Shulkyr's to run after the halfling. They're a snarling, narrowed-eyed mess. Practically stalking back and forth like a caged animal.  "Breath Shulk, we don't have time for this," Ashton whispers to the skulking drow,   "Breathe? Breathe? Who insults somebody's parent?" They spit and hiss,   "Ok, that was shit wording on his part. I'm not denying that." Ashton doesn't even try to deflect the accusation. "That was an ass move, but that came after the fact. I mean before that, I don't know why you're so passionate about pie. But sort out that shit another time, so right now breathe." Shulkyr focuses on breathing. Coming down from their anger induced high.   "Good?" Ashton checks and the drow nods,   "Yea, good." Shukyr agrees and they nod,  "Good, no more pie talk until we're out of here." Ashton stops them, body blocking the hunter. Starting to lead them back to the party. Where Orym bows his head and apologizes. The situation diffused, they all carry on. The Shadowbaker gives Shulkyr a discounted pastry for 'knowing the truth of the matter.' Which earns him stink eye from the earth genasi. Though the drow is more than happy to indulge. While the transaction finishes. The elf starts to head out, but Shulkyr catches him.  "Real quick, my old boss and his friends would adore these. Can I buy some more?" By the end of the new transaction. Shulkyr has a pouch filled with various treats, and the Shadowbaker leaves with a coin pouch several gold heavier.  "Are you gonna share?" Fearne asks seeming eager to swipe some,   "Yes-" Shulkyr slaps the curious fawn's hand away, "-With my old boss and his friends. They would love these." Everyone follows Ashton who seems to know where they're going. "Oh, Your old boss? You've never mentioned something like that before." Laudna cooes, seeming pleasantly surprised by the new information about their companion.  "Uh- yea." Shulkyr nods and their ear flicks, "I haven't seen them in almost two months now." They mumble and the party watches their cheeks dust. Which catches everyone's attention.   "Oh! That's not very long." Dorian States and Shulkyr nods,   "Ya, I've only been in Marquet for a bit." They confess and they perk up,   "So if those things align-" F.C.G. starts looking up to Shulkyr, "-did your former employer bring you here?" The automaton questions. Genuinely interested in learning some of their companion's backstory.   "Kind of-? Life happened and I had to leave home. Ended up meeting my boss along the coast. His crew took me on and I worked with him for a few years. After some chaos, he brought me here. It was supposed to be so I could keep my head down-." They trail off, rubbing their neck. Everyone stares at them wide-eyed.  "Wow." Shulkyr jumps at Dorian's faint response,   "What?" They glare at the bard who leaps at that, throwing up both his hands,   "That's just- the most you've shared so far." Imogen tries to explain and Laudna joins in. Looping an arm with Shulkyr's. Pulling the drow's attention to her.  "Right? Until just now all we knew was your name, you worship a death God, and that you were once a cop! Nothing really all that personal. This was special! You mentioned a friend!" She fawns beaming at Shulkyr. Who blinks and seems to take in that explanation. Like they hadn't quite expected this kind of reaction.  "I suppose." Before the group can dig for more answers about the drow. Ashton announced they've arrived. Stopping the party in their tracks. As they quickly huddle to discuss what to do.   "Alright, everyone keep your head down and for the love of everything decent in this world. Don't fucking mention Shulk was a cop out-loud again." Ashton hisses and shoots a glare at Laudna. Who jumps and slaps a hand over her mouth.  "Oh, my bad." She apologies with a smile and Ashton shakes their head.  "Fine, we're good as long as you don't do that again. Let's go." The group breaks and slips inside the store. Seeing it's being run by a bronze dragonborn and a dark feathered creature. Unlike anything some of them have seen before. Shulkyr looks around the shop. Taking in what they sell as Ashton handles the duo. Their senses rising at the sheer shadiness of it all. 

  'Nose up pup, something doesn't feel right.' My eyes dart to the pair who eye each other. Almost grinning at whatever Ashton had said. My nose flares as the two move. One opening a secret passage and gesturing for us to head up. Walking over, I pause by the doorway.   "Shulk, you good?" Ashton asks and I flare my nose again. What greets me is herbs, meal, and earthy smells. The iconic smell of a shop such as this. But what catches my attention is a lot of other scents. All leaking down from the room above.  "People." I mumble and lock eyes with the genasi, "Lots of people." That causes the party to shift a bit. The duo straighten and give me suspicious looks. Ashton winces and clicks their tongue. Eyeing the stairway before bumping my shoulder with theirs.  "Outnumbered and outgunned is part of the deal." He grumbles and glances to the side,   "You smell that prick up there?" Sniffing, I lean a bit in as my darkvision starts to settle. I'm glad he hasn't questioned why I can do this. That would be a real fucking awkward interrogation. Focusing on sniffing, I try to catch the semi-familiar mix of charcoal, sandelwood, and sulfur. After a few more moments, sorting out various smells, I step back.  "No, Dugger isn't here." There's a wave of relief that washes over the group.  Ashton sighs and rubs their neck, "Right, let's get this over with."   "If Dugger isn't here do we even need to?" Dorian asks, looking between each of us. Imogen mimics him, looking between everyone until all eyes settle on Ashton and I.  "This is the only lead we've got on the prick. Besides-" Ashton nods to the duo, "-it's too late to back down now." My silent nod backs up Ashton's decision. After that we all head up. Followed by the bird. The further we go the clearer the scents become. Joined by the smells of oats and meat. Food? Ashton bumps shoulders with me again. Probably noticing my excessive sniffing.   "We've survived worse." He mumbles and I perk up,   "We've survived worse." I agree with him as we reach the top. It's dark as the party fills the spot. The bird locks the door behind us. Announcing to all the people present that we're here for the laughter. Which causes an echoing laughter to fill the room. Many hooded figures, some of them masked, circle the room. One half-elven figure walks before the group. Grinning and greeting us. Taking another sniff, I check, making sure the mess of smells didn't hide Dugger's.   I let Ashton take the lead for now. Crossing my fingers, I crack my hands. Feeling the skin threatening to rip and tear. My jaw starts to ache and my head pulses behind my eyes. Being surrounded- it's making my instincts scream. My attention snaps back to reality when there's a gentle phand on my back. Looking over my shoulder, I see it's Dorian.  "-alright fine, since none of you have collateral. What about you, the oddly dressed drow?" The half-elf focuses on me and I bite my lip. Locking gazes with him. Collateral? What collateral could I give him?   "Surely more than two of you have someone. Mother? Father? Friends?" He presses and I shrug,  "Dead, dead, and maybe." Rolling my shoulders I wince,  "I could give you friends, and names, but locations-" I trail off trying to think on how to word it.  "You don't know where your friends live?" He mocks me and I shrug,  "Somewhat? One day they could be living along the coast, another they could be in Tal'dorei. They tend to keep on the move." The man sighs and shakes his head,  "Alright, you are a bunch aren't you? Fine-" He claps his hands and takes a deep breath, "-Give me a name and preferred location or hide out then."  Sorting through my relatively short list. I choose based on who I think he could fail to find, and who could handle them if he did. "Cutthroat."  "Apologies?" He makes a face and I hear the hiss of a drawn weapon,  "My boss. He's a pirate, specifically the member of the Revelry, known as the Cutthroat." His brows raise at that and he blinks,  "A former pirate, that- wasn't what I was expecting." Quirking a brow at him. I tilt my head,  "What were you expecting?" He raises his hands and shrugs,  "Nothing in particular if we're being truthful. Now!" He looks across the group and sighs, "Three pieces of collateral is good enough, it's enough." The half elf decides,  "My name is Yash Mangal." Nodding, I shrug, mouthing an apology to him. That earns me a snort as I smirk.  Imogen apologies for our sudden interruption. Bringing up the topic we came here for. Yash tells us that Dugger is no longer one of theirs. Sharing what information he feels like. Rolling my shoulders, I close my eyes. 'Breath, pup. Not yet.'  The mask on my hip does begin to burn my side. Reaching down, I run my fingers over the metal. Just taking in the information Yash gives us. Laudna earns a laugh from the half elf when she mentions the shade creepers. The disbelief apparent in his words and tone. "Did Dugger have magic before?" Yash turns his attention me,  "No. Why? Do you believe his control over these Shade creepers was magic?" He's poking fun, it's evident and I tilt my head.  "If they're constructs, but I was more referencing his ability to cast the darkness spell." More confusion as Yash makes a face. Shifting in his seat and considering it.  "So previously no magic, looked like a living being at one point, altered shade creepers he calls children, and illegally smuggling brumestone." Licking my lips, I sigh and rub my forehead.   "What the fuck is going on with this bastard?" My growl earns me a pat on the back. This time from Ashton. F.C.G. starts harassing Yash and it makes my hair stand on end. Paranoia sinking its fangs into me with a vengeance.   'Stop the chatty bot. Please, this is going to go sour.' Shifting, I kick out my leg. Shoving F.C.G. back with a scratchy yelp.   "I am just saying-"  "Hush." I raise a finger to my lips as everyone else blathers. Which leads Yash to prying. When he asks who we are working for I sigh.  "We had a job dealing with petty theft from that friend. It was supposed to be quick and easy. We ran into Dugger, everything went sour. I assume he got the job above table. If he didn't-" I raise my voice quieting the rest down, "-If he didn't and he got us involved with shit. We don't know who employed him. But if need be- we'll figure it out." Looking over the rest, I glare them down. Ashton shifts and shrugs. Silently agreeing to lie with me. The others seem to catch the memo. Quieting down as Yash stares at me.  "I suppose that is fair. You trust a friend and they get you in more trouble than you agreed to." Yash shrugs as Fearne perks up. Whispering to him and asking him if he can 'ear muffs.' I blink at her and shockingly the half elf agrees. Getting the rest to do the same.  "Bertrand took the last braincell with him to the grave. I swear." Mumbling to myself, I shake my head. The party starts to bicker about whether or not to mention Eshteross name. In the process, saying his name several times. Clearly within hearing of Yash and his associates. Reaching up, I start fucking with my hair. Hearing laughter in my mind.   'What fools have you tied yourself up with?' Rolling my eyes, I feel the mask burn my hip once more. Causing me to jump and snarl at it.  "You rowdy bunch of chucklefucks. Remind me how I got dragged into this mess?"   "Fearne walked up to you at a bar-" Orym recites and Fearne cuts in,  "You were very hot."  "We fought over poker." Ashton adds and I glare. Several more iterations get tossed. Before Dorian drags it back trying to convince us all to go.  "Forget niceties. We are fucked if we misstep, Fearne, and I have no problem leaving whoever pisses him off." Hissing, I cause the fawn to jump.   "That is very cold Mrs. Shulk especially after the bonding moment we just had." F.C.G. seems down and I make a face at him,  "Bonding moment? What-?" Confusion floods me and I shake my head,  "Forget it! Yash." He hums and removes his hands,  "If we need to come back because Dugger fucked us all what do we say?" He smirks and gives the new code. 'Loosen the snare.' With that we all leave the hideout. The others bicker as we carry on downstairs. When Dorian decides they should mention Esterhross, and makes too shout his name. Ashton lunges to cover his mouth, and I sucker punch him upside the head. The crack turns all eyes on me.  "Great, everyone. Shut up. We've officially run out Shulk's patience." Ashton says it like they're scolding the rest, but they can't hide their smirk. Clearly amused by my jump to violence. We finally get back to the base floor of the store. Herron, I think that was his name, closes the path behind us.   Everyone chatters and we ultimately decide to go grab supplies before we face Dugger again. Which sounds saintly to me. Ashton suggests someone else looks for a shop. Since he looks like he's about to rob the place. Imogen takes the lead on that. Laudna stalking just behind her for good measure. I look around until the party starts following a shady old woman.  "What are we doing?" Ashton snorts at my question,  "Following a shady old woman into an alleyway." They answer and I roll my eyes. Following beside the genasi. When the old woman starts talking. The name Advik comes out of her mouth. Then I hear the barbarian groan beside me.  "Ok, who is Advik? Did you beat him with that hammer?" I tease and he hits my shoulder,  "If it helps I've got people I wouldn't be too happy to see either. If I could- I'd take you to my old magic dealer." He snorts and Dorian perks up,  Dorian perks up as we follow the woman again, "Your old magic dealer?"  "I worked for the empire. We all got discounts with Pumat." We arrive and see a human man. Chatting away with the old woman. The moment I hear his voice I'm flashed back to rich kid balls. As he chatters on and on about how he got his wares. He rambles and continues to ramble. My mind starts to drift away.  Until clattering fills my ears and I see him opening a case. Immediately I grow suspicious of the contents. Narrowing my gaze I walk over, leaving Ashton's side, and taking the one from Dorian. Investigating it, I hear the price and bulk.  "Excuse me?"  "One hundred and fifty a piece, it well worth the cost-"  "I've gotten more trustworthy for fifty a piece." The two of us start to bicker, him taking offense to my suspicion. While I take offense to his outrageous price tag.  Ashton comes over and tries to de-escalate. Clearly trying to sweet talk the human man. Which leads to him pulling out two stones. Earning a raised brow from me. The human locks eyes with me and gives a smug smile.  "I am a dealer of only the best goods. Do you still question it?" Ashton puts a hand on my back and I look,  "Shulk-" He makes a motion not to argue. Scuffing, I step back and look through my pockets. Pulling out the item I'm looking for.   "Oh, now what is that? It's so pretty!" Laudna fawns over my shoulder. It's a bleached, elegantly carved stone, shaped to be identical to a sand dollar. Looped with a silver chain to be held as a necklace.  "My sending stone." Gasps follow and Advik's smug look dies as he appraises the item,  "Unlike any I've ever seen." He comments skeptic and I snort,  "It's from the coast in Wildmount. My boss got a pair custom made for us." His surprise is there and gone before I can blink,  "Your boss? Oh! Are you gonna contact him about the pastries you bought for him?" Imogen asks and I nod. Unable to help the small smile that sneaks onto my face.  "He'll come running at the promise of sweets. He can't help himself really. You all can keep shopping. I'm still debating. Maybe I'll ask him to hit up Pumat for me?" The last part is more to myself than everyone else.  Pulling back from the group I rest against a wall. Watching them as I lift the stone to my lips. Running my thumb over the carving. Picturing a proud lavender man in a flowing dark trench coat marked in gorgeous art and a beaming face. The stone starts to warm as it faintly glows blue.  "Hey King, been awhile-" Sighing, I try to think how to say what I want, damn word limits, "-alot has happened. I bought you some treats, if you wanna drop in. Uh- Some trouble too, I'm working on it. Later." The symbols of waves and the Wildmother pulses. Sending the message somewhere off to the sea. While I watch the party play with the sending stones. Putting an amused smile on my face. Shaking with quiet laughter, I put it away.   'Hopefully you don't miss the reply. It seems easy in this group.' Despite his words being unwelcome. They do ring true to me. Maybe I should just put the stone back on?  Rejoining the group, I wait for them to finish bartering. Before making my way to the front. Counting and kicking awake the old math machine. "One fifty each- trusting Fearne their legitimate." I pick up the vials and start doing some math.   "Remove twenty five for a bulk purchase." Rolling my neck, I hum and look at Ashton.  "With what Orym gave you. You and I could pay that. All my coin-" I completely remove my pouch. "-Brings it down to three sixty. You could cover the rest." Ashton makes a face.   "Oh- but I don't want to." He hisses and makes a face. Rolling my eyes, I grab the back of their neck. Pulling them into my side.  "Hey!" They glare at me and I give a faint squeeze,  "I'll give you my share of the next three payments from jobs we get." His eyes widen and he goes for his pouch,  "Deal-"  "Woah, hold on now!" Imogen cuts in and makes a face,  "We are not breaking Shulk's bank alone over this, and You don't go making deals like that Ashton, it's rude." The genasi snorts,  "They offered." He counters with a laugh,  Causing the country girl to rolls her eyes before smiling at Advik, who's been watching us with an amused look, "What if we buy the stones too? What price would that be?" She checks and he seems to think about it. Doing some of his own math.  "Six fifty." He decides and everyone kicks in. Dropping my payment down. By quite the large margin. Only taking eighty five from me. At Imogen's insistence. Since I was so willing to lose it all a moment before.   Advik asks for our names and we go around. When he checks on whether or not we consider ourselves friends of Ashton. F.C.G. doesn't hesitate of course. He has the most right to that claim out of all of us. Ashton seems unsure about it. Tilting my head, I shift and make a face. Would I consider Ashton a friend?   When we start moving along. I keep thinking as they drill Ashton. Since he didn't seem too excited to interact with Advik. Even though the man was nothing but nice. If more than a little sketchy. When Dorian asks if that means Advik is a friend for now. Ashton makes that unsure face again.  "Sure? Friends is a- it's a complicated word. I try to avoid it. It implies a layer of trust that's not necessarily healthy." He goes on a small rant. His words catch my attention. Imogen starts handing out potions. While I stare at Ashton's back. Trying to figure out why those words put me off.  I vaugely hear the Dorian share he has an extra potion. Which surprises the party. He tries to hand it out only to be cornered into keeping it. Healing potions rationed out, the party questions who should have the stones. It's an easy pick for the first stone. Everyone deciding Orym should have one. The next isn't so easy to place. Imogen offers the second one to Fearne at first. The Fawn however shoots it down. Handing the stone over to Ashton. Who decides it would be better of with someone else.  "Sweet, hey shady one." He pulls me out of my thoughts and passive observation.  My eyes focus and I snap to attention. Just barely catching the stone in time.  "You didn't get shit out of that, and you're good under pressure. Enjoy." Nodding, I hum,  "Thanks." We carry on and along the way. An idea pops into my head. Pulling out my other stone. I start to carefully work on the stone. Carving just a big enough of a hole without destroying the enchantment. Letting me slip it onto the necklace with my other stone.   "That's gorgeous by the way." I jump at the whisper. Seeing Dorian fell back with me.  "Oh, thank you." Deciding it's for the best. I clip the necklace back on. It feels good, having its weight lying against my collar again. Though it shifts differently than it used too. That's to be expected with the added stone but still.  "You said your old boss had it made just for the two of you?" Nodding, I fiddle with the sand dollar stone.  "Is that? Sorry-" Dorian eyes the stone and I raise a brow, "-Is that the mark of the Wildmother?"   "You know that goddess?" I'm genuinely surprised by that. Dorian didn't seem the type. Usually her worshippers are tamer in taste and more- calm of mind?  "Well- I'm from Tal'dorei. She's a sacred goddess there. We- Fearne, Orym, and I along with our other friends- we all did some work for her worshippers at one point." He explains and I give a nod,  "Oh, interesting. I'm not a follower, but my boss is. It's why the runes are the way they are." We fall into silence for a little bit. Before Dorian bumps shoulders with me.  "This boss of yours- he sounds awesome." He gives me a small smile and I mirror it,  "Yea?" He nods and parrots it,  "You seemed really excited to send him a message. It's the happiest I've seen you. It was cute." He turns pink after he says it and sputters.   "Wait- no, I didn't- I- not like that. I-" Snorting, I shake my head at the fumbling man,  "Dorian, I understood just fine." He sighs and relaxes. Muttering his relief to himself. Reaching over, I pat his back. Earning me a sheepish, embarrassed smile.   "He sounds rather nice for a pirate." Dorian chuckles rubbing the back of his neck,  "He is- he likes to live by that motto. He's not a saint, but he's not the worst." We chuckle at that and Dorian sighs,  "He sounds wonderful."   "He is." He eyes me and I look ahead. Seeing Imogen jump and try to hide. My mood shifts as I pull Dorian to the side. Everyone else follows the sorceress's lead.  "That's the house." We all look to where she gestures. Tension settles over the group. Frowning, I stare up and flare my nose. So this is the rat's den? My jaw aches and pain spikes behind my eyes. Anger bubbling in my stomach. Heat burns my hip and I hear a growl in my head.  'Oh, we're going to rip this fucker to shreds. Let's hunt pup.' 

  The party dive into discussion on what to do. Using Imogen's knowledge of the buildings to make their plan. Shulkyr shifts with a low growl. Unfortunately, they know they can't be of help with anything requiring stealth. The plate armor adorning them is counteractive in that front. While they all discuss, Shulkyr lurks, keeping alert. Hoping not to be caught unawares even while in broad daylight. Their eyes catch sight of large claw marks carved across the side of a building. They swallow and turn their attention away. Hoping their oblivious group wouldn't notice it. 

   Eventually a plan is formed and the party is on the move. Shulkyr, Orym, and Imogen linger on the same level as the house. While the rest go to the level above. Sneaking a bit closer as Orym and Imogen discuss deciding to essentially hit and run the door. Shulkyr lingers from their initial spot watching the door. Partly hidden from the door's view. Straining all their senses in hopes of catching anything. Yet after a few minutes pass, nothing happens. 

  Shulkyr keeps watching as everyone else discusses. Until they decide to ask Imogen if she can sense Dugger inside. She sneaks closer to the house and Shulkyr and Orym watch. Tense and ready to leap to her aid if needed. When she reaches out there's no one inside. Yet she gets the distinct smell of rot and something sour. 

  'My instincts say something is about to go wrong pup.' The mask warns and Shulkyr snorts, 

  "So do mine, but if we just burn it down. Any evidence of what may be going on-"

  The voice in their mind 'tsks' at them, 'Once again, you choose your mission and curiosity over your survival. When will you learn?' The voice mocks them in a low purr. It causes Shulkyr to quietly snarl. 

  "Silence. I don't need your input anymore than I did then." Before the conversation can escalate. Distressed squeaks catch their attention. They look over to see the party doing- something. Sighing Shulkyr starts to join their gaggle of fools. Just as Ashton gets the door open. The group slips in before a rider appears. Shulkyr from down the road failed to manage it.

  The massive bird lands outside the home. Its rider getting off his mount. The dog snout of the crimson bird is sniffing around. Just as the drow approaches. "Noon Rider."

  Shulkyr bounces their chin in greeting. The guard turns to them and nods. "Noon, did you see anyone fleeing this region?"

  Shulkyr tilts their head, "No afraid not. I've been staggering around the spires like a fool truthfully." They shrug just as the bird starts to growl at them. Its impressive frame is trying to fit itself between it's Master and the hunter.

  "Hey, down, down boy." The master gives them a skeptical look, "This is no place to wander. Anything of interest would be on another Spire. These are just people's homes." 

  "I noticed, but by the time I got to this level. I couldn't find my way back down, and it is- very high and bright." Shulkyr looks around making a show of themself. As magic pulses from the mask. Making their words sound sweeter, a bit more innocent, and that little bit more believable. The mount is still growling and sniffing. Even taking a snap at the drow. Causing them to step back.

  "Hey!" The rider grabs their mount's reins, openly suspicious yet giving the lost huntress a pitying look, "I understand, this may not be your forte. If you come with me-" At that their beast whines and snarls. Becoming even more aggressive than it had. Shulkyr gives it space and raises their hands. While the rider struggles to restrain their companion.

  "What has gotten into you boy? My apologies, Simurghs aren't usually so aggressive. I don't know what's gotten into him." The Rider is genuinely at a loss. Starting to worry that their hound will lunge at the lost civilian. 

  "No need, animals have never liked me I'm afraid. Except oddballs, like a pet snake I had once." There's no lie in their words. Even as the rider nods and sighs.

  "I don't mean to be a bother. I came here for a purpose-" Shulkyr shakes their head, "-I was originally looking for a companion I met in the Spire of Fire. They vanished last night and I've been quite worried. They left a note saying they had returned home yet no one has seen them since." Shulkyr reaches into their pocket. Feeling magic shimmer as they pull out a paper that hadn't been there. Offering the sudden creation to the Rider. Who carefully takes it from them. Reading over the letter and nodding.

  "Ah, That is a worry. I think I heard something about people going missing." Their sudden shift catches Shulkyr's attention,

  "I will take this to the others. Thank you for your honesty." The Rider pockets the paper and Shulkyr nods. The Simurghs Rider gives them directions on how to leave this Spire. Even handing them a small map of this Spire should they ever get lost again. Which earns them gratitude from the huntress. The pair leave much to the beast's elation. Shulkyr watches them take flight. Heading to one of the other Spires with urgency.  "Disappearances? I really walked into the shit didn't I?" Shulkyr sighs before raising a brow, "And what did you put on that paper?" Before they get their answer from the mask the party scrambles. Watching in horror as Dugger practically melts out of a hole. His face stretches and pulls back as he enters the room.  The group screeches in horror and it causes the drow's ear to flick. "I think they found Dugger."

  'Really? Now, Whatever gave you that impression?' Tucking the mask away, Shulkyr turns. Pulling their crossbow and flicking it open. When they reach the door. They find it stuck and roll their eyes. Beastial anger bubbling up in their core. Their head pulses and jaw aches.

  Dugger lashes out the moment he solidifies. All off his furry being unleashed on F.C.G. Before dashing to the side and leaping onto furniture. Landing right next to Imogen and grinning at her. 

  "Come to let me finish the rest of you?" Dugger's bones settle back into a familiar dwarven structure. Just as more Shade Creepers flood into the room. Ashton struggles through the destroyed room. Shoving obstacles out of his way. As Imogen swallows collecting her energy and throws out her hand. In a lash of psychic energy at Dugger. Carving through his mind and stunning the dwarf. Giving her a chance to struggle from the goop and flee from him safely. Getting onto a table as far as she can get.

   The creepers rush one leaping onto the table. Lashing out at Imogen and tearing through her flesh. She yelps getting knocked down. Her cry causes her party's attention to snap to her. Causing everyone to rush into a panic. Orym goes to once again duel Dugger. As the front door takes a hard impact. Shulkyr's unenhanced kick cracking the wood in their furry.

  Laudna transforms and unleashes her spell on the creeper she can see on top of her fellow mage. Inducing an unnatural fear in the beast. Just as Fearne transforms back into herself in a burst of flame. The terrain seems not to bother her as she gets close to Dugger. Letting loose a familiar flow of flame. The dwarf threw his cloak to catch the brunt of the fire before shedding the flaming cloth. Before the flames can cause too much harm. F.C.G. attends to Imogen with his magic before using command on the creeper.

  "Alphabetize!" The robot tries to move only to be caught. While the Creeper's head is filled with the word. Dorian bolts past to where it had come from. Throwing out his caltrops in front and inside the hole.

  "Best of luck!" Dorian shouts to Imogen as the door bursts in. An entangled and heaving Shulkyr sends the door flying in. Dugger watches as they storm into the battle. Locking eyes with the snarling huntress.

  He's heaving and his gaze narrows, "I can't just escape you." 

  Their gaze breaks when Shulkyr hears a cry of pain. Their attention snapping to Dorian. Whose being mauled by multiple shade creepers. Ashton begins to flicker as everyone feels a pull on them. The genasi takes a blind strike at the dwarf. The dwarf leaps onto the hammer missing and onto Ashton's head and past him. They spin to try to follow as there's a burst.

  Imogen throws out her hands to shove the creeper away from her. So she can scramble away. Getting behind Ashton as she shoves all the horrid whispers into the dwarf's mind. Sending him fleeing past Laudna and towards Shulkyr. Who lashes out at the dwarf with their free hand. Unnatural claws and strength rake into his chest and send the dwarf skidding back. Keeping him from escaping into the daylight behind them.

  "I'm getting sick of you dwarf." The drow hisses the two fighters protect their injured companion,

  Laudna backs up into a wall before casting a curse. Trying to sink it into Dugger and some of the shades. Though unfortunately it doesn't stick to the dwarf. Fearne ever persistent moves through the room. Unleashing a burst of scorching rays onto those in the room. One shoots wide of Dugger while the other hits his back. The second one eviscerates the shade creeper next to Dorian. Who shrugs off the small explosion.

  "I am- unfortunately getting used to this!" Dorian shouts and hears another call,

  "How's it going over there?" F.C.G. calls from where they're caught in the muck.

  "Not Great!" Ashton answers back and F.C.G. nods, shouting to Imogen some unknown word. Explaining it and Imogen makes a face. 

  "Thanks, Fresh Cut Grass." After a moment the robot comes soaring into the room after a clank. Before getting stuck in the muck again. Dorian pulls his scimitar trying to swing at the creeper. Who leaps over his blade and skitters on the wall.

  "Oh! I hate you!" Dorian unclips his axe and gets away from Dorian,

  "Agh! Ew, Why?!" Dorian tries to get as far away from the hole as he can. Only to get stuck in the muck. 

  "I'm going to rip you into ribbons." Shulkyr point blank fires off their crossbow in his face,

  Each shot smokes with something crimson as they sink into him. Causing him to stagger back. The holes smoking and bubbling from the curse imbued shots.

  "Oh this is going to be fun." He turns races back towards the softer members. Opening his back to another shot.

  "No, You. Don't!" The last word morphs into something loud and unnatural as they fire. Sinking another cursed bolt into him. As they flick their other wrist casting their blood curse with their ring blade. The muck shifts just before he gets to Laudna. Talons of blood and ooze breaking from under it. Sinking into the dwarf and stopping his blades from shredding the warlock. She gasps as the dwarf struggles. Unable to break from the fluid talons.

   Both Aston and Imogen take their opportunity. Unleashing all the power they can onto him. Before the party is flooded by shade creepers. Though they fail to sink their claws into any of them. Until Orym bolts past one. Getting raked through by crooked fingers and necrotic energy. Before he unleashes on Dugger. Who meets his first blow and fails to stop the pull back. Orym's blade causes his back to swell before a shade creeper bursts from his back. Hitting the ground in a pile of ooze.

  "Explains the children." Shulkyr purrs their ribs starting to shift,

  Laudna takes her chance to flee. Getting beside Imogen and Fearne. Grinning at them and making her ladder of black sinew. Fearne grins and slowly approaches Dugger. Pulling out her thorn whip and cracking it. Dugger's head shifts unnaturally to avoid it. Managing to dodge the whip. Until Laudna fires off her eldritch blast. Hitting the whip and imbuing it. Striking a grinning Dugger as it hits him on the way back. Causing a burst of magic.

  The women cackle at that. Ah, the sweet satisfaction. Even the mask laughs in Shulkyr's mind. Still it calms and warns the blood hunter. 'I believe we're about to be overrun.'

  Dorian finally breaks free of the muck. Spinning on the creeper and declaring his hatred once again. Laughing maniacally when he manages to kill it.

  "Ha! I fucking knew it!" Just as he finishes the creeper burst into flame,

  "Ah! Fuck!" He recovers and stumbles back, collecting himself before turning his attention on another foe,

  "Lightning strikes twice!" Trying to throw his axe at another creeper only for it to stick. Before racing to retrieve it. Dugger from his position finally breaks free of the talons. Stammering off to the side before his front swells up. Releasing a burst of the very slime that's covering everything onto the spellcasters.

  "By the Divine, What occult wet dream did you crawl out of!?" Shulkyr shouts in disgust. The next moment is a flurry of moves. The witch bolt crackles to life in Dugger's skin. Shade creepers lunge for anyone they can. Everyone watches as Fearne is shredded and collapses to the ground. Panic settling over the group as everyone scrambles. 

  F.C.G. coming to the fawn's rescue. As Dorian rears back and claps. Releases a wave of thunderous energy. Blowing back shade creepers and Dugger. Burning him away with electricity and arcane energy. Leaving nothing but a pile of burning mush where he had stood.

  "Whelp, Daddy's dead, time to deal with the orphans!" Shulkyr cackles and races towards the room with the hole,  "This is gonna hurt!" Pulling a small round item out of one of their many pouches. Shulkyr twists the cap releasing a loud hiss. Before rearing back and pitching it into the hole. They easily hit their mark. The orb disappears into the skittering filled darkness and a moment passes. Before the passage erupts in an inferno that shakes the home. Ashton cheers at the fireball. The others yelp and Fearne claps her hands wide eyed. The creepers shriek as the hole gives and collapses in on itself.  "You have explosives?!" Dorian cries at the drow who grins at him, the smile seeming too wide and fanged, even for their usual manner,

  "Yeah!" Dorian shivers at that, something is off, yet the genasi can't place it. Even as it strikes him cold. The shades that had managed to go through go feral against Imogen. Tackling the sorceress to the ground. Mauling her as Ashton shouts and Orym races to her aid. Laudna struggles to come to her aid. Wailing and catching everyone else's attention. Her eldritch blast turns one of the shades into ash. Imogen rolls trying to not get burned. Just as Fearne cracks her whip at the remaining shade. Rendering it ash.

  "That could have gone better!" Imogen groans and Shulkyr cackles,

  "It could have gone worse!" Their answer is followed by a shout from F.C.G.

  "There is another hole." The robot points and Orym races over. Trying to cast gust to move a crate over the remaining gap. Imogen aids him by moving it with her mind. 

  "I have three more!" Shulkyr shouts to them. Just in case it's needed. Thankfully, they don't seem to attempt anything else. Everyone relaxes and gathers back together.

  "I can't believe we almost went down one of those holes." Orym sighs and Ashton lets out a quiet breathless chuckle. Imogen borrows a vial off of Ashton to gather some of the goop. Considering that is all that remains of Dugger.

  "We're all tired, should we stay?" F.C.G. asks as everyone does their searching. Seeing if there is anything we can find.

  "I kicked in the door. That's not a good idea." Shulkyr shares and everyone glances. Seeing the completely destroyed door.

  "Didn't know you had it in you birdie." Ashton snorts and Shulkyr owlishly blinks before looking to them,

  "Birdie?" Their confusion is evident and they shrug,

  "Well yea- you worship that bird goddess don't you? That's pretty much all we know other than you worked for a pirate. Like a bird." Their grin earns them a narrowed gaze and a snarl. Before they continue their banter. Everyone starts trying to figure out what in the world they just did. Ashton offers up the idea that maybe this wasn't Dugger.

  "Experiments?" Shulkyr adds and everyone makes a face,

  "Of what kind?" The drow's following silence makes everyone uneasy,

  "The cruel kind." Their answer doesn't help the others feel better, "The wretched, painful kind that no sane soul would subject themselves too. Not willingly." They begin to search around. Snorting and sniffing around the place. Everyone else talks as Shulkyr searches.

  'This reeks of someone you don't want to anger. Someone who can twist the minds and bodies of mortals into something unrecognizable. You've made this mistake before pup. Do you choose yourself now, or will you follow this thread? Even if it frays your own?' 

  Shulkyr is found by the party kneeling. Staring at a wall with a far away gaze and wide eyes. Their hand wrapped around their sending stone. Dorian is the most hesitant to approach them. That disturbing aura still radiates off the huntress. Yet no one else seems to notice it, and it disturbs him even further. Imogen comes to them first. Snapping them out of their trance. 

  "Hey, Shulk, are you ok?" Imogen gently whispers and puts a hand on their shoulder. They don't answer her. Staring almost past the purple haired woman. Dorian leaves to go deal with the neighbor. While the sorceress reaches into their mind. 

  "Shulkyr is everything alright?" All she gets is an empty echo. Almost as if there is no thought inside their head. It puts a frown on her face as Imogen helps the drow to their feet. They seem so lifeless compared to how they had been moments before. Laudna waltzes up to the pair and loops her arm with Shulkyr's other one. 

  "Come on, I think we all deserve a good night's rest." Launda chirps and pats their arm. Taking in the dim nature of their eyes and lost energy. They look as pale and shaken as when they first met. 

  "I'm glad you're standing this time Shulk, let's get you to rest. Maybe chatter over a nice cup of tea? You love that tea. Maybe we can even get Evelyn to make it? You seemed very interested in her." Laudna makes light and gentle chatter with the drow. Undisturbed by their lack of answer. Knowing the state the huntress has found themself in far too well. Even if she doesn't know what caused it. Dorian rejoins the group lingering back and watching the drow's back. Still uneasy with whatever is going on with them.

  "Let's go inform Lord Esterhross. I think he'll want to know what happened with Dugger." Orym whispers and the others nod. Heading along through the residential area. Hoping to reach the Lord's manor in one piece, and in the case of one- before night fall.

  They arrive back in the lord's manor just as night falls. Shulkyr is led along still. Though Laudna notes a slight tremble in their grasp.   "Evelyn should still be up, she was last time. Maybe I'll even try some of that tea. You made it sound divine. Oh Evelyn~!" Laudna sings for the elven maid who does appear when called. While the rest of the party starts trying to explain- whatever had happened to Lord Esterhross.   "Uh yes?" The maid seems unsure about the warlock who waves at her excitingly,  "Oh there you are perfect! I hate to be a bother, but would you make some tea for Shulkyr? Something happened with Dugger and they've been rather shaken up. I think it would do them some good." The elf looks her counterpart over. Noting their pale shaken state. Before giving a nod and promising to be back with a fresh cup.  "Wonderful, isn't that nice?" Laudna helps the drow sit down in a spare chair. Seeing the tell tale furrow of pain in their brow.   "The Birdie's not singing, what's up?" Ashton pokes their nose in and Laudna perks up,  "The birdie?"  "The raven queen thing, they worked for a pirate. Birdie." Ashton explains themself again, "Seriously though, you look pretty shitty for someone who didn't take a hit." Ashton comments taking a good look at the drow. Noting the evident pain as they rub their jaw. The first movement they've made of the night since the fight.  "Headache?" Despite the movement being around their jaw. Ashton knows that move too well. When there's a pulse behind their bad eye, and throb at the base of their neck.   "Should just say so- here." They reach into one of their many pouches. Pulling out some herbs tied with strings. Offering it to the drow who eyes it.   "Oh~ what's that?" Laudna asks, curious as Shulkyr takes it,  "Do you have a light?" They gently ask and Ashton snorts,  "I wouldn't offer it if I didn't." They pull out a match and light it across their forearm. Earning an amused snort from the huntress. Who puts the herbs in-between their lips before Ashton lights it. Smoking the herbs as Shulkyr take an inhale. Their lungs fill with strong, heavy smoke. It takes a few hits before their mind starts spinning. Hazing over and lightening the burden of their jaw and burning eyes. Once they're heavy with the influence they take out the ashen herbs. Discarding them and nodding to the genasi.  "Been a while since I've enjoyed a hit. Thanks, gemstone." The noise the genasi makes in response to the nickname puts a self satisfied smirk on their face,  "That's the sucker punch for the Birdie." Orym whispers, revealing he had in fact caught the interaction just as Evelyn returns. Giving Shulkyr a fresh cup of tea, and their favorite no less. Which they happily partake in. Offering their graditude to the elven woman.   From there they rejoin the party. The group got a reward they hadn't expected. Which shocks even Ashton into silence. Though Shulkyr just blinks. They've had similar rewards from bounties. Besides- they're too hazed and sore to react to it. Everyone says their goodbyes. Before heading out to the Spire by Fire. Imogen sneaking up beside Laudna. Reaching into her mind to question her. Not wanting a certain drow to overhear her question?   "Is Shulk better now Laudna? They seemed rather out of it. I was worried." She eyes the drow who's walking alongside Fearne and Orym ahead of them. Listening to the fawn explain what had happened before they kicked down the door.  "Oh, I'm afraid they went empty for a bit. I used to do that before meeting you quite a lot. I'd always talk to Paté whenever it happened. It's just a spell that happens from time to time." Despite the fact her words should be worrying. Yet Imogen finds comfort in Laudna's understanding of what's going on. Leaning against the warlock with a content hum.  "That's good, I'm glad they're better." Imogen sighs and Laudna pats her hand in return,  Eventually they reach the Spire by Fire. Heading inside and buying a bottle and glasses at Ashton's insistence. Before heading up some floors for privacy. Finding a table and settling down to play the game they suggest, 'What the Fuck is Up with That?!'

   My mind is a bit muddled with the herbs. The liquor will land me on my ass soon enough. I can't hold it particularly well anyways. Ashton explains the game and everyone plays. One by one each person is forced to answer questions. Dorian reveals his background.  Fearne ends up asking a very typical question of Ashton. Have they loved before? Their answer is dodgy yet somehow still revealing. Once again Ashton's strange view on friendships and relationships is brought to my attention. Somehow it digs under my skin, yet I can't place what's bothering me again. While I'm sitting here trying to figure out why it bothers me so much. Everyone else carries on. Getting to question Imogen and the rest. Laudna revealing the undead nature I had always suspected. F.C.G. seems to fritz when asked about their past. Orym reveals why his trio came here and so on. The final roll comes up and everyone tosses their dice.   The next roll lands and I stare at the one in drunken, blazed anger. Dammit all.  "Alright, who's asking me?" Lifting my head, I look around the group. My drunken gaze stops on a nervous Dorian. He should never play poker. His tells are far too obvious.   "Alright rich boy, I'm drugged and inebriated. Abuse to your liking." Downing my next shot I put it down,  "Uh- Well." The smell of fear is starting to overpower the smell of piss and liquor.   "Hey, this isn't about abuse. It's an ice breaker. Be nice." Ashton is quick to counter Shulkyr's words,  "I wouldn't dream of it." Dorian agrees with Ashton, "You're the only one from Wildmount here."  "Yes. It seems so-" Dorian shifts and it finally hits me that the fear is from him,  "You worked for the law before running away, You worked for a pirate and then needed to run away, and now you're here and it sounds like you might run again. What the fuck is up with that?" Dorian asks, giving the drow a hard look.   He has to ask the worst thing possible, doesn't he? Humming, I down my shot. I don't know when it was refilled. Resting on my fist, I give a slow blink. At least in this way I can't hear that bastard.  "I- I was working along the coast. I was a detective in charge of a team of seven that dealt with the Myriad." I slowly start and am quickly cut off by Imogen,  "The Myriad? Who's that?"   "Think the Wildmount equivalent to the Ivory Syndicate or the Tal'dorei's Clasp. Except rather than thievery and bribery. The Myriad's specialties are smuggling- and trafficking." The silence that follows prompts me to take another shot.  "I found a lead on a big slaver who tended to sell anyone and everyone across the coast. Tabaxi and Tieflings we're a favorite there. Especially children, no one cared if a young tiefling went missing." An old anger bubbles up and I have to take another shot, before carrying on and getting lost in my rage, "I kept following it, and got deeper and deeper in. Until my group was ordered off the trail."  "You were ordered off?" F.C.G. pipes up openly confused and I nod,  "Why did they think it was a dead end or-?" Orym starts and I give a toothy, bitter grin,  "Oh it must be so nice." He jumps at my hiss and we lock eyes, "Being led by someone who has the people's best interest in heart. Who you can trust."  "That- That doesn't sound very good." Dorian whispers, breaking my stare down with Orym.  "It isn't, we were ordered off the lead and my team went home to Zadash. I stayed." Another shot goes down and blurry images flicker in my head. Scenes I can't quite remember. Don't want to remember.  "I was considered a deserter for disobeying orders and they put a bounty on me."  "What?!" Imogen gasps and I remember a face. By the Divine, I don't ever wanna see that face again. That disappointment- it was too much.  "I kept following the lead and discovered why we were removed."  "Corruption?" Ashton prompts and I give them a nod,  "The Cerberus Assembly is a group of powerful mages in Wildmount. They control many facets of life. There's very few figures even on the same level of power and influence." I explain the term to them, feeling my nails sink into my face. When did I start clawing at my face? "My lead suggested that one of them was either closely looking with the Myraid Slaver, or was the very slaver I had been chasing for twelve decades." Everyone jumps at that. Startled by multiple parts of the confession.  "Sorry, twelve decades?! You're even older than Laudna!" Fearne cheers surprised and I raise a brow,  "I'm an elf." Everyone pauses and then agrees, that's fair enough,  "Ok, but is discovering this what led to you working for a pirate?" Dorian presses and I shake my head,  "Technically, no. But it led to the string of events that ended up with me working for my captain. Being nursed to health by him, and falling into bed with him until I ended up here." Half the group ask at the same time as the other, "Falling into bed with him?" "Nursed by him?" It seems the priorities of this group are quite split. Ashton, Imogen, Orym, and Dorian all concerned about the implication of me needing to be nursed to health. While Fearne, F.C.G., and Laudna all seem more concerned about the implication of my bed room life. Snorting, I decide to lay my head down. Memories flickering past my mind's eye. Closing my eyes as I feel aggression in the back of my mind. Not my own to be fair, my unwilling companion just doesn't like the charming pirate.   "Alright, you seem- Shulkyr looks very tired. I think that's too much for them." Fearne pats my back and I hum. How long has it been since someone other than my captain touched me in anyway that wasn't meant to harm? It's been so long. Before I know it, I'm picked up by the fawn.   "Let's go tuck you into bed." Fearne declares and I let my eyes slide shut,  'You're going soft. This will sting you pup, it always has.'   Just let me enjoy this, just once. Let me live. Please.~•~

  Everyone settles down for the night. Except for the drow who Fearne had tucked in. Nightmares assaulted and ravaged their mind. Forcing the huntress to snap awake. Shaken and pale and gasping. Their lungs and mouth tighten and feel like cotton.   Thankfully, the room they were tucked into is their own. When they attempt to get to their feet they hit their knees. Pain ravages through their frame as they heave for breath that isn't reaching their lungs. Blindly reaching for the stone hanging from their chain.   "King-" They wheeze and fall to their side, "-It's getting worse. It hurts." Their bones start to snap and threaten to displace. No bloodlust coating the pain of their transformation. "H- Help me. Please." They lose grip on their charm as the pain overrides their senses. Causing them to black out, lying limp on the cold floorboards. ~•~  Everyone slowly wakes up with the morning. Their heads pounding with the after effects of their merry drinking. Each do their routine. Before all gather together to eat early. Chattering and drinking water to recover. Ill as they are, it takes some time for them to notice one of their number is missing. "Maybe they're just sleeping in? They did say liquor isn't their strong suit." F.C.G. suggests and Dorian frowns,  "They tend to rise earlier than anyone else. Maybe someone should go check on them?" Dorian suggests and Ashton sighs,  "Fuck! Fine whatever, who's waking them up?"   "I will." Orym offers himself up and the others see him off. It's not long before he finds himself outside of Shulkyr's room. Knocking on the door and calling for them. After a while he gets no answer. Sparking the halfling to worry about them. Especially when he finally hears something and it's a pained whimper. His eyes blow wide and he's quick to race downstairs.  "Ashton! I need your lock picks." Orym calls and it startles the group,  "Shit!" The barbarian races upstairs and works on the door. Hearing the lock give with a loud click. The duo step inside. Making a rather startling early morning discovery. Shulkyr is lying on the hardwood. Their head is surrounded by a pool of stale blood. They seem unconscious as the pair race over. Kneeling beside Shulk and checking them over.   "What happened?" Dorian, Fearne, and Laudna all appear in the doorway. Taking in the scene before them. Dorian slips in and kneels beside their head. Taking in the blood dripping from their mouth. They seem seriously harmed, from what everyone can see. Almost as if they took a horrid beating. Dorian casts healing over them. Hoping to at least wake the drow. Whatever is happening. It solidifies the bard's concern.   They're hiding something, and the secret is getting much worse. He just needs to get the drow to admit it. But how?  Before Dorian can create his master plan. Dark green eyes flutter open and the drow wheezes.  "Ok, I'm starting to sound like a broken record here, but What the fuck is up with that?!" Ashton makes a face and demands. Even as they help Shulkyr to their feet. Giving the trembling drow someone to lean on. Discovering the genasi is actually a few inches shorter than the huntress.  "Are you ok? Can you come with us or do you want to rest in?" Imogen reaches into their mind,  "I-" Shulkyr can't push off of the genasi without falling back down, "I need a bit." They croak and the others are quick to agree. Only for Ashton roll their eyes. Moving to get a grip on the trembling drow.  "Fine. Whatever. Put your damn mask on, I'll carry you." Ashton helps them put their mask on. Which only confuses the rest, but the pair don't truly explain. Eventually, the starry night sky takes over Shulkyr's senses. As Ashton finally lifts the drow off their feet. Carrying the huntress bridal style.   "Fuck, you need a bath." Ashton grunts and Fearne hums,  "After yesterday I think we all need a bath. Are there springs here?" She looks to everyone else as they go,  "I think a bathhouse might work better." Dorian gently suggests as everyone heads out. All agreeing to go see Yash. It would be best to tell him about Dugger. Before chatting about what possibly happened to Shulkyr.   "They won't fucking say. They shared last night cause they were high and drunk as I usually am." Ashton snorts at the option to just ask them head on,  "Maybe-" Dorian steps up trying to think of how to get Shulkyr to spill the truth, "-Shulkyr seems tired lately, maybe if we pamper them, take them to a bathhouse and buy them something they like. Maybe if we get their walls to drop they'll feel more inclined to share?" Dorian puts out the idea as if the person he's scheming about isn't less than five feet from him.  Orym nods slowly as he takes in Dorian's words, "True, after all, all they said last night was they had a more intimate relationship with their former boss than we had suspected and that they were a criminal investigator. Things in hindsight we already knew."  "When you say it like that, Shulkyr sounds like such a good liar. I didn't even suspect it." Fearne hums the realization falling on the group. Ashton feels impressed for a moment. Here they thought they were the shadiest, and most untrusting one in the group. The Birdie is just full surprises- and explosives, apparently. Ashton snorts at the thought.   "Let's tie everything up and if we have nothing to do. We can take a break and try digging into it." Orym offers up the idea and everyone agrees. Heading to the hideout. Waking up Herron in the still early morning. Discovering a sleeping Yash who startles awake as Ashton rolls their shoulders. Noticing their quarry is getting- lighter? Doesn't help their aching shoulders from holding this pose, but it's something they catch on too.   "Does anyone have a spot I can put them down? Their killing my back." Ashton looks around and a figure rises. Offering up their cot.  "Dead?" They question and Ashton shakes their head,  "Nope, just really fucked up. Touch them and I'll kick your ass." Their form flickers for a moment. Startling the people around them. Though they keep an eye on the drow they return to the group. Putting their good side to face Shulkyr. Who's still none reactive on the cot. They said the mask helped them heal faster. How exactly does it do that? It seems like a powerful thing on the surface; If only it didn't leave them so helpless for an entire hour.    Despite splitting their attention Ashton manages to keep in the conversation. Their not the only one doing so. Laudna guarding over Dorian when someone stares eyeing the genasi. While Imogen keeps glancing over her shoulder at Shulkyr. Her nerves cause her mind to reach out. Trying to see if Shulkyr's thought returns to them. The emptiness she felt. It's something she's only noticed in the dead. Even Laudna doesn't do that.   Their minds brush and yet again. There's nothing but silence. No bustle, no music. Just silence. It makes the sorcereress's stomach sink with dread. What is happening to their friend? Worry and doubt finds itself a solid root in three of the group now. All thinking along the same course.   The smell of coffee draws her back into the conversation. While the rest finish their conversation with a suddenly too serious Yash. At least, until Fearne and F.C.G. decide to test if they can use the robot as a thermos. Yash's amused laughter fills the space as he makes coffee straight into the robot's mouth.   "I'm surprised you are all in one- except for your friend there." Yash nods to the sleeping figure,  "Oh!" Fearne jumps up as if his words caused her to think of something,  "You know a lot of what goes on this city right?"  "Well yea- it's somewhat important to what we do." Yash brags,  "Would you know about a rampaging werewolf in the city?" Fearne asks and the elf's eyes blow wide, he opens his mouth just as everyone else remembers,  "FUCK THE WOLF!!!" Everyone shouts,  "How the fuck did we forget about the werewolf that was fighting Dugger?!" Ashton drops into a squat, a hand on their face. Whispering 'fuck, fuck,' as everyone else face palms. Completely shocked by the fact they had forgotten. It's like how they never investigated the animated furniture.   "My apologies- there was a werewolf fighting Dugger?" Yash looks over the group,  "When we first encountered him. Before- Before he murdered our friend. It was a nasty fight." Imogen tucks a spare lock behind her ear, unsure how much to share,  "That is something quite significant to forget." Yash breathes baffled by the group,  "Yeah, yeah it is- fuuuucck." Ashton agrees from their spot,  "Well now that we've remembered. It is a good question. Would your group have heard of such a thing? They were on a rather violent rampage." F.C.G. wheels up to Yash, sloshing the coffee inside them,  "No shockingly not, it sounds like it would cause utter chaos, but now that you've mentioned it. We'll keep our eyes open."   "That sounds good- Oh and they are actually really friendly and have big green eyes." Dorian comments earning him some looks,  "What? I turned around and got face to face with them. Very big, almost goliath sized big black werewolf with almost glowing green eyes! I'm going to notice that." Dorian fumbles trying to defend himself,  "Yea, yea, I noticed it too, ran out of the darkness and got a face full of fur. They weren't that bulky actually, long limbed but shockingly lean. Long reach with those claws." Ashton recalls the odd shape of the werewolf. They seemed rather lean for something with all that power.  "Understood, lean black werewolf with pretty green eyes that's overtly friendly and you found attempting to kill Dugger. That the two of you seem to appreciate far too much. Noted." Yash comments with a smirk and Dorian instantly tries to back track. 'I didn't mean it like that!' While Ashton sits there and, after a moment, gives a shrug.  "To be fair, it's a werewolf. They have a humanoid form. If they're that pretty as a monster- they got to be a looker as themselves right?" Ashton gives a lopsided grin at Yash. Who, along with Fearne, makes a considerate face   "That's a fair point." Yash agrees and Fearne huffs,  "Damn, I never got a good look at them. Shame." She pouts and Yash is quick to try and get them to leave. Ashton going to pick up Shulkyr.  "Alright you need to wake up soon, or I'm gonna hang you off a ledge." The genasi growls at them though they don't mean it. At least, not if they wake up on time. Which isn't looking likely. Causing the barbarian some serious concern. Didn't they say it should only be an hour?  "Fuck." Ashton whispers as they shift a still limp Shulkyr. Earning looks from every passerby. Not that they can blame them. Even they would be shooting looks at this scene.  "Fuck." The sun is much higher than it had been when they first got here. The blanket of mist is melting away and revealing the jungle below. Sigmurh Riders are taking to the skies and stores previously locked are opening their doors.  It's been a lot longer than a fucking hour.

  'You can't keep me here.'  'Oh, I'm quite sure that I can.' He answers and I watch a sun explode. Consuming everything in its path. Before I'm shifted to a different night.  'They need me back, I need to get back.'  'Not. Yet.' My senses are rushed by a foreign magic. That would make me sick if I could feel my form. By the Divine, I hate that. Of course that's why he does it, but still.   'You have been a fool. You've now aggravated your curse, and the damage it has done is reaching dangerous levels. If you don't take the time to let the beast settle, it will emerge and rip you, and your compatriots, into ribbons.'   'I know that.' But we've been on our feet so much. We had to hit the ground running. We still need to keep running. They'll leave me behind if I slip up.   'The feelings of your new 'friends' are none of my concern. Your health on the other hand. Well- I need you well and alive, pup.'   'They aren't-' The attempt at denial dies before I can finish it. Are they my friends? Ashton does have a point that friends is a strong word. Calling someone a friend does imply a level of closeness and trust. Can I say I have such a thing with this group? It's only been- what, two days, maybe three?   Rolling the thoughts in my head. They are rather sweet. Even if they're fairly nosey, and rather dramatic, and could make many better choices. My amusement bubbles up at the string of thoughts. They know very little about me and have offered quite a lot in return. There's something almost selfless about their actions.   I suppose they could become friends. Given some more time. If I can get more comfortable with them. It might go that direction.  'You're building a house of cards with a foundation of sand.' The spirit interrupts my hopeful thoughts, 'It'll only take the slightest breeze to topple this piece of carefully crafted paradise. Don't fool yourself into treasuring this moment. It will pass, as all moments do.'   Before I can counter him, my vision floods with color. Hissing my free hand shoots to my face. The sudden shift causes my eyes to burn. Once my eyes adjust I see I'm in a completely new place. Lying on a couch with an old woman in a chair near me. Knitting away with a bright red and pumpkin orange jumper. My sudden movement seems to startle her. She scrambles for her glasses.  "Oh, oh good afternoon dearie!" The woman smiles and puts her knitting aside. Getting to her feet with some serious effort.  "I can get you a bowl of the food. It'll be leftovers from what I shared with the rest of your friends so I hope you don't mind. Just a moment." Collecting myself, I swing my legs. Resting on them and looking down at the mask. Too confused with my foreign surroundings, and shaken by those mocking words to panic.   "My apologies, I don't know where I am." My words barely tumble out, my entire body is sore,  "Oh, I understand. When sweet Laudna and Imogen brought all their friends. You were still sound asleep." The old woman chuckles and introduces herself. Mrs. Zhudanna, apparently the woman who has been housing the pair of sorceresses. When I ask about the others she shuffles over with a bowl.  "Ah, you see, they apparently needed to speak with your employer. They didn't want to put you in harm's way, so I offered up my couch. They promised to return before nightfall." She explains and I nod along, enjoying the fruity meal,  "That was very kind of you. Thank you." Looking around the room. I find it has a homey feel to it. I slowly take it all in until my gaze stops on a beautiful glass piece.  "Where did you get such a gorgeous piece?" I breathe, turning to admire it better. It's glass shaped in a vase.   "Oh that one? I actually made that myself quite some time ago." She admits and I slowly nod,  "It's beautiful." She flusters at my compliment. Bringing it over to show it off to me. Revealing she's not some insane glass blower, but an insanely talented potter. Who dropped quite a lot to craft this piece. Magical elements incorporated into this particular display.  "I honestly thought it was glass work for a moment. The mage you paid did very well."  "That he did!" She agrees putting the piece away, "You know quite a lot about glass. Is that a passion for yours?"   "Somewhat?" From there our conversation spirals. I mostly lay back and listen to her slow speech. Listening to her reminiscing about her past. Explaining my own hobby when asked. Reaching into my many pouches I pulled out my tools.  "Those are quite small for glass tools." She notes and I nod, kneeling beside the furnace she brought to life for me,  "I'm a traveler, I can't really carry a full shop on my person. These tools are more than enough for me." Chuckling, I start the careful process of glass blowing. I don't usually have a plan in mind when I do this. Instead just going with whatever sways me and the heated glass. Letting go, I fall into the familiar method. The dancing flame and spinning glass enchanting me as I lose track of my surroundings.  Time only comes back when steam fills the air. Twisting my wrist I pull out the finished piece. Openly admiring the unintentional design.   "Oh that is so well done!" Zhudanna fawns as I hand her the cooled glass. It's a tall cup with orange at the bottom that swirls and fades into yellow and then the clear glass at the top. My tempering gave it an almost swirling decoration along the outside of the cup. Like clouds swirling in a vortex.   "If you like it, it's yours." I offer and she smiles,  "You're such a sweet child. I'll treasure it with my other gifts." She giggles and puts the cup near some other items. Which can easily be placed as gifts from Imogen and Laudna. One is a stack of books and the other seems to be a grim creation not too different from Paté. I can't help giving a small smile. I suppose she would see me as a child.  "I'm sure your friends would love to see it." She mentions and I hum,  "They don't actually know I can do this."  "Now that is quite the shame. I'm sure they would love to toss ideas your way. Friends give the oddest inspiration." She gives some rather wise advice and I nod.   "That's a fair point. Maybe I'll make them something. It's good stress relief either way." Zhudanna nods and settles down. Getting back to her knitting. While I choose more glasses, colored and plain, and set up for another piece. Maybe I should put more thought into this one? No, no, planning my pieces has never gone very well. Maybe I should just pick a person?   I'm rather torn on who to start with. So I reach into my pocket and decide rollies is the best way to go. It seems to be a thing to do around here. Mentally assigning numbers, I toss the dice. Seeing it ends up landing on four with a satisfying clatter. Hmm, that is a good sound. No wonder everyone likes this game.  With that, I start the long process of making the first of many gifts. Slowly calming as I go through the motions. Zhudanna even makes me a cup of tea as we work. The clock ticks and we fall into a comfortable silence. I could have woken up much worse than this. This is rather nice.  When I dip the finished item into the oil. The door opens and the group arrives. Glancing up, I hum and nod to Imogen in greeting. Who brightens up and calls my name. They file in and I get various reactions. Most of them are a mixture of relief and worry. Wanting to know if I'm really ok. It takes some reassurance to ease the bigger worriers like Imogen, F.C.G., and Orym. Ashton and Fearne thankfully just take it.  "So uh-" Dorian pipes up and catches my attention, "-Not to be a nosy nancy, but what are you up too?" He gestures to my set up and I hum,  "Oh, Zhudanna and I talked about hobbies. It's been ages since I've enjoyed mine so I took the chance." Pulling out the finished product. I kneel and start the finishing touches.  "Indeed!" The old woman joins in beaming at them, "Her and I-"  "They." I chirp and she pauses,   "Ah, my apologies dear. They saw my pottery and it turns out they do glassblowing!" Zhudanna explained, and happily shared what she and I have been up to.  "They woke up with quite a start! Though they seem to feel much better now. They're even making little trinkets." Zhudanna sings as I lay out the last piece. While she is more than happy to show off the glass I made.   "Oh, are you planning to sell them?" Imogen asks eyeing the pieces,  "No, I have something different in mind. I just need too-" Pulling out my other tools. I start working on the pieces. Catching someone reaching for one of them out of the corner of my eye. Swiping, I smack the fawn's hand.  "Fearne, this took me hours. Politely fuck off." She pouts and openly eyes my work.   "But Shulk-" She whines and I shake my head,  "I'll make you something later. But this one wasn't made for you." I scold her and she lights up,  "You'll make something for me?" She seems giddy at that offer, raising a brow I shrug,  "I intend to." That seems to satisfy the fawn. The party settles down. Taking turns and filling me in on what happened. Including their visit with Yash and Lord Esterhross. Which led to them taking another job. Handling the disappearances taking place at a popular theater.   "Are we doing that now?" I ask giving them all a skeptical look,  "I mean we were planning too- would you rather we didn't?" Orym checks, giving me an oddly warm look. I'm not used to being on the receiving end of that kind of care.  "Not particularly. Everything is still a bit-" Remembering last night I wince, pausing in my work,  "Speaking of-!" F.C.G. starts and my ear flicks, "-We were very concerned about you Shulkyr. You seemed unharmed, but if something happened. It would have been good to know to make sure nothing like that happens again." Before I can even attempt to answer. I catch the slightest cyan glow. Excitement shoots through me and I gasp. Desperately grasping at my sending stone, I feel the magic trigger. The familiar cheery voice filling my ears.   "Noon lovebird, been awhile, I'll be coming for those treats firstly." Snorting, I roll my eyes at the nickname. Not only that, of course he would prioritize the pastries. Him and his damn sweet tooth. "Secondly, I'm working on something with my contacts, treasure. It could actually help. Promise." His voice got soft in the second half. My ears fall and I hum. The stone loses it's cyan glow as the message ends. It's comforting hearing his reassurance.  "So was that him?" Fearne asks and is staring at my stone,  Jumping, I glance and see everyone watching me, right, sending stones send messages out loud, "Uh-"  "He's got an accent." Dorian notes, "Not one I've ever heard, but it's a very pleasant one." He praises and Laudna drops beside me.   "And he sounds so sweet on you! Lovebird? Treasure?" She teases and I start to burn. Deciding to busy myself with the piece. She giggles as I avoid answering or reacting. Which leads into F.C.G. and Fearne agreeing with her. Clearing my throat I shake my head.  "He talks like that to everyone." My counter earns me skepticism,  "I mean- even if that's true. He sounded rather gentle in his tone. It implies some kind of affection. Especially when he mentioned something that would help." She emphasizes the last part and we lock eyes for a moment,  "Was he referring to last night?" Orym asks me in the same tone he had used previously. After some quiet and me fiddling with my pieces. I shake my head from side to side.  "I panicked. I called him with the stone before I faded. That's all." My voice sounds rather weak. Even as the lie slips out. It's not really a lie I suppose. It's the truth, just not all of it. Orym stares at me and slowly nods.  "Alright." Orym let's it slide and Laudna bumps shoulders with me,  "So- if we push the whole theater deal aside for a bit. What do you recommend we do? Just relax? Maybe go shopping?" She explains with a mischievous smirk,  "How about a bathhouse?" Dorian adds and I perk up,  "It's been ages since I've been to a bathhouse." Some nostalgia and longing for home strikes my chest. Steam's Respite was such a nice place to relax before work. Especially around the time of festivals.   Dorian claps his hands and looks around, "Bathhouse it is! Frankly, I would like to bathe too. Especially after everything we trudged through during our little-" He nervously glances at Zhudanna who's back to knitting, "-conflict." He decides that's the best word for it. Nodding, I glance at Ashton.  "Is there anything like a bathhouse here? I haven't had a chance to look." They raises a brow and shrugs,  "Do I look like somebody who would know about bathhouses?" They ask gesturing to themself,  "Yes, but maybe someone else would know. You tend to know a lot of people anyway Ashton." Imogen presses and they make a face,  "I guess? Sure, fuck it. I know who might direct us to a good place." They decide and huff, pushing off the wall they were leaning against. Smiling, I continue to work my pieces. Getting them about halfway done before packing it away. Along with the rest of my tools.  "Ok, take the time to enjoy a nice bath and maybe a meal. Then deal with our new job. Sounds good!" Dorion smiles and I get to my feet. Saying goodbye to Zhudanna who smiles up at me. While everyone starts heading out.  "You take good care of yourself dearie. If you ever need some peace and quiet. Feel free to come visit me. It's been ages since I had someone to chat about work with." She pats my hand and I nod,  "I'll keep that in mind. Thank you, Zhudanna." With that we part from the kindly old woman. Ashton taking the lead. They walk us to the Spire by Fire. Revealing the most likely person they know to know the location of a bathhouse is Ishir. The hulking lion man directed us to a place called 'Simurgh's Pool.' Named as such because the owner is a former Simurghs Rider who's mount was responsible for sniffing out the location. Which is sat on top of a hot spring. At least, that's the story Ishir gives us. So we head out once again. While on our walk everyone shares the reason F.C.G. sloshing. Which has been bothering me for some time. They aren't supposed to make that sound. I think.  "You're filled with coffee?" I blink owlishly at the robot,  "At the moment, yes! Mr. Mangal made some and Fearne wanted to store it for later." They explain and I give a slow nod.  "Somehow- not the oddest thing I've ever heard." There's shifting at my side and I feel one of them bump shoulders with me,  "Really?" Imogen makes a skeptical sound and I shrug,  "When you have several friends posted at a very boring post. Ridiculous things tend to happen." Scuffing, I run through my memories of the shenanigans we would get up too. Especially my old vice captain. That silly man.  "There is no guard more dangerous than a boring guard." I quote the old saying to the woman. Earning a giggle from her. It's nice to hear them being happy. They deserve it after the fight they trudged through. Both figuratively and literally.   "Looks like we're here!" Ashton announces and we all look up. It's quite big even compared to the bathhouses back home. Being multi-leveled like the Spire by Fire. When we walk inside I see it's open roofed. Revealing each level has a pool with waterfalls between them. Getting more and more extravagant and private the higher you go. Along with the pools likely getting smaller the fancier. The biggest pool, the most open one in front of us, could easily hold crowds of people.   Some people are already here enjoying the steaming hot spring. There's a counter to the right of us. Manning the desk is a feline woman, bright orange and dark striped with bright green eyes. Dressed in clothes meant to keep their fur from overheating them in the steam filled room. She beams showing off large pearly whites.  "Morning dears, it's always a pleasure to see new faces." The tigress purrs as we approach,  "Smiley day to you! I'm Fresh Cut Grass and these are my friends." The robot introduces themself and the woman hums,  "A speaking robot? Now that is something unique." She giggles and looks over each of us.  "They are, and we are all in need of a bath." Dorian jokes and we all agree with him,  "Of course, seeing as this is your first time. Do you want to know everything we offer, or just want somewhere to bathe?" She asks for our preferences and everyone shares some glances. Seeming to come to a silent agreement. Excluding me from the entire interaction. What the fuck happened when I was out?  "We'd really like to know what all there is. Your guidance is more than appreciated." Imogen brushes her hair behind her ear. Smiling at the tigress and I raise a brow. Is she already trying for a discount, or is this completely unintentional? I genuinely can't tell at this moment.  "It's my pleasure, we have four levels to the bathhouse. The first is the cheapest, only ten copper per person, it's a simple bath with the least privacy. The second level has more privacy as its main feature. Costing a silver per person. Both the third and fourth levels can be rented for private use. The third one is again smaller, but could hold your entire party comfortably. It also comes with the option to have oils and sanitary items brought to you. Costing five silver per person. The fourth-" She hums and looks our group over,  "There wouldn't be much extra room, but it should also hold your group. It has the most privacy and the best view. Letting you look out across the spires, you can order the same items, and even order the attention of my staff who are trained masseuses." She explains and I perk up at that. It's been ages since I've had a proper massage.   "It's a gold per person, and a half hour with the masseuse is another gold." That's actually a really good price for what it is.   "Fourth floor sounds good. It sound good?" Dorian asks, looking over the group. His gaze stopping on me for a moment too long. Before he moves on to someone else.  "It sounds very good to me." Fearne agrees and Ashton shrugs,  "I'm not complaining. Less comments my way." They grumble shifting their hammer. Trying to lean against the wall again. Raising a brow at that I can't help being curious. What are they talking about?  "I'd like that. Is there extra for renting the entire room so no one joins us?" I agree checking with the owner who nods,  "Yes, it depends on the level. The third costs twenty silver, and the fourth costs an extra ten gold." She explains and I nod.  "Sounds good to me. Who wants a masseuse? I'm getting one." Collecting eight gold I put it down.  "I would like one too. I'll cover the other half of the rent too." Fearne puts down her own eight gold. Covering the rent, herself, and an hour with staff. Everyone else pays for themselves and shifts unsure about the masseuse.  "If you'd like to pay them directly, should you change your mind. Feel free too. They also accept tips." The woman shares and it puts most at ease. Laudna and Dorian each end up dropping an extra two gold for sanitary supplies. Shampoo, conditioners, oils, and the whole package. She takes our coin and happily sends us up. Revealing there's a series of stairs carved in to ascend the levels.  We all head up to the fourth level. The whole expanse of the bathhouse spread out below us. As we start heading to the fourth level. We start to pass the open roof being greeted by the bright sky and the spires.   "Woah." Imogen breathes clinging onto Laudna.   "Now this is quite the sight." Her partner agrees and I can't help agreeing. It's not the same as the endless expanse of the ocean, but this sight is beautiful in it's own right. Now if only it didn't make my stomach do flips in fright. I end up forcing a big breath, shuddering. Hugging myself as I try to hug the side of the stairs that's not an open free fall.  "It is very pretty. It's like being on an airship again." Fearne giggles and Dorian and Orym happily agree with her. Humming, I end up causing the halfling to look at me. Did it really come out that distressed?  He smiles and offers me his hand. It's a silent reassurance and I take it. Orym does have a comforting presence despite his size. The action reminds me of times long gone. When I was just a child and still guarded by a similarly kind and warm figure. He comforts me silently and squeezes my hand. After a few more steps, we finally arrived at the top.   Getting a gorgeous view of the spires and pool. Which is lightly steaming and bubbling. Is this one the source of the rest? Orym leads me along as everyone starts to settle. Shedding layers and piling our stuff where it can't be rifled through. It feels heavenly as I sink into the crystal water. The heat soothes my aches and pains.   "Oh~ This is nice." Fearne sighs and sinks into the pool beside me. Glancing to the side, I hum in agreement and appreciation. The fey are blessed with beauty aren't they? By the Divine, I just can't help my mind wandering can I? Sighing, I perk up, hearing giggling. Seeing Laudna and Imogen have gotten comfortable. The purple haired woman seems the more embarrassed of the two.  "It is." Dorian sighs as staff arrive. Giving us towels and oils and other products. Two figures linger and I look them over. The first is a half orc woman with tied back dusty brown hair, sun-kissed skin, and caramel colored eyes. The second is a dark furred tabaxi man with leopard print, pierced ears, bright blue eyes, and both are dressed similarly to the tigress behind the counter. Though their clothes match so it must be a uniform.  "I believe two of you ordered an hour with us each?" The tabaxi purrs and I hum, while Fearne lights up.  "Her and I." I gesture between myself and the fawn,  "We did just arrive though. If we can bathe first it would be much more comfortable for all parties. If you two don't mind." I explain and the pair light up. Ah, the job of a masseuse. How many pay without bathing properly? You poor things.  "That's kind," The half orc chuckles and nods, "Take your time. Just call with the bell and we'll return." She explains and puts a silver bell down beside us. We swap gratitude and names. The half orc, Rokka, and her tabaxi companion, Quick of Foot and Howl of Wind or just Howl.  "I like them." Fearne cooes and I nod,  "Agreed, which one do you want?" I ask grabbing oils and items,  "I like Rokka." She giggles and I nod,  "I've always had a soft spot for tabaxi." I chuckle and we agree who gets who. Everyone settles and chatters. Taking their time to bathe. I lather up and take it slow. The oil gently numbs the aches and removes the muck and dirt. It's been so long since I've bathed. The smell of lavender and green tea fills the air. After a thorough scrub down, I dip under the water. Cleaning out the soap and the remaining ick.   Rising out of the water, I take a deep breath. My chest strains at the action. Yet it feels rather nice to have the fresh air. Running my hands through my hair. Working out the knots and twisted locks. There's a loud gasp and a 'holy shit' from the others. Looking up, I give them all an odd look.   "What?" I ask and it's Laudna who pipes up first, beaming at me,  "Shulk! Your purple is coming out." She cooes, and after a moment I fish out a mirror from the pile of items the staff brought.  "Your hair is dyed!?" Dorian cries out as I sift through my hair. My roots are back to their usual blonde color, and halfway down it bleeds slowly revealing the rest of the color. My violet dye is strongly fading. Glancing down, I see the water has actually turned purple.   "Yeah." I confirm and mess with my hair a bit. This looks awful, I should have known it would come out. It's been months. I was still on the ocean the last time I did it. Am I out of dye?  "Your a fucking blonde?" Ashton asks and it sounds almost mocking,  "Yea." I grunt,  "I didn't know a drow could be blonde." Orym seems genuinely curious about it. Which makes my heart warm a bit.   "I've got a bit of a human in me. The hair and eyes are from my father's side. He was half-drow." I remind the party and they nod.   "It's not just blonde it's practically golden." Dorian whines, sounding almost jealous.   "Yea It's- it's glaring." I grumble, growling at it. Damnit, I'm out of dye! Where can I get some around here?  "It looks nice." F.C.G. chirps and I raise a brow at the robot.   "Blonde doesn't look good on a drow." I counter, sounding more bitter than I intended to. The mask laughs from where it's lying on top of my clothes.   "Yea, and green and yellow don't go together, but I don't think I look that bad!" Ashton gestures to their arm and face. They have a fair point. Green and yellow really shouldn't work together. But they do look nice. Maybe it's countered with purple?  "I think it looks really nice." Fearne compliments and before I know it. She's playing with my hair again.   "Human and drow don't balance well." I retort again and her ear flicks,  "I have to disagree with you." F.C.G. continues to bicker with me, "I think you look stunning." The robot praises and I snort. Eyeing the freckles along Fearne and Imogen. What I wouldn't do to be able to have freckles. They always looked pleasing to me.   "Except for-" Dorian starts and clears his throat. Leaning over and eyeing my torso. "-All the bruises. I mean that's a lot of bruises." Dorian points out and I drop my gaze. My ribs look like someone splattered dark purple paint on me. The wounds and aches are swelling at various rates. I guess that's what happens when your bones constantly snap and shift. Not that I'm telling any of you that. Just as the thought registers, I feel the wriggle of Imogen reaching into my mind.  "You're prodding." I deadpan as Fearne tilts my head. What is she doing with my hair? It's not like I have that much to play with.  Imogen jumps and flushes more. Now from embarrassment more than the heat. She leans into Laudna. Muttering her apologies to me.   "Accepted. I'm gonna ring the bell." Announcing it, I ring the bell. Not long after the duo reappeared. Howl attended to me and Fearne got Rokka's attention. The two of us rose out of the pool to be taken care of properly.   Chattering with the duo and passing the time. Getting a full body massage each. Along with our nails and feet done. Rokka actually seeming to have experience with hooves. By the end, I'm slack and feeling better than I have in some time. King would have a stroke knowing I did this without him.  "You look more content and drowsy now than drunk. You fucking weirdo." Ashton snorts and I glance at them,  "It feels nice." I mumble and they snort, "It does. Masseuse are actually pretty strong. Try it."   "No fucking way." Ashton shakes their head,  "I'll pay." That usually shifts their opinion. But currently it doesn't seem to help.  "I really don't wanna. Too much-." They make a noise and gesture. Howl chuckles as I tip him five gold.  "If you ever change your mind. We're always here to attend to you." Howl nods and we say goodbye to the pair. Rather than getting back in the pool. I sit beside the edge next to Ashton. Curiosity getting the best of me.  "How do you clean your crystals without fucking up your hands?" I prod and they jump,  "It's not that hard. Pull." They offer and let me mess with their 'hair'. They're right, it's not as hard as I was expecting. It's cold and similar to a softstone like limestone. Pulling a bit I watch their eyes flutter. Leaning back so as not to pull against me. Revealing most of their front. Not the worst reaction I've seen to pulling someone's hair.  "Oh wow, Weird." Satisfied, I let their head go. Letting Ashton get back to washing.   "So after this, where are we going?" Fearne asks and Orym perks up,  "I think we all agreed to go to the theater, right?" Everyone agrees, once we finish. We're heading off to the ominous theater. I'm content with it honestly. This was a nice break. Now, if only I could ask Ashton why they have two matching gold stripes on their chest? 

  After some more relaxing, and my vain attempts to forcefully remove the rest of my hair dye, we all dress back up. Renewed and feeling fresher after dealing with Dugger. Once we're out the door, I look across the group, curious. "So. Does anyone know where this theater is?"  Silence. Sighing, I take in their caught in the headlights looks. Some of them even fluster and break eye contact. "Ok." My gaze slides over to a certain earth genasi once again,  "Hey gemstone-" They drop their head back with a groan,  "Fuuuck, we need to get you assholes a map. I'm not a fucking tour guide." They complain, but once again they take the lead. Smirking, I follow behind them along with everyone else. The others giggling behind them. Earning us all scathing over the shoulder glares. Eventually they lead us back down into a familiar blissful dark of inside the Spire. I can't help the sigh of sweet relief that comes out. My dark vision kicks on as I follow the faint glow of Ashton's slag glass. Do they know the inside of their head let's out light? Probably not.   We sneak inside the krook house. Implying Ashton may not know much themselves, but damn if they don't always 'have a guy for that'. Inside we don't meet the dorky and sweet human inventor. Instead we find a gorgeous looking half orc woman with pointed ears similar to my own. Are they half elf? I've never met a half orc, half elf before. She's- wow.  Ashton greets her as Anni. Another resident of the Krook house. Apparently a bard who wants to audition at the very theater we're looking for. Perfect. Though before we can ask about it. F.C.G. mentions something about her having stage fright. Something that Dorian, as an experienced bard, could possibly help her with.   "Grass, you're kind of insulting her-" Before I can advise the robot to keep their mouth shut. The lounging half orc gets aggressive. Mocking Dorian and challenging him to 'duel'. Sighing, I shake my head. Everyone gives Dorian a bit of encouragement. F.C.G. giving words, Orym gives him a blue flower, and one of the mages spells his name out in lights. The robot rolls up to me and I glare at them.  "Grass, you need to stop starting fights." I scold and they jump surprised,  "I didn't mean to cause any sort of conflict. I was just trying to be helpful!" F.C.G. announces and I rub the bridge of my nose. My mother would have me beaten if I ever said such a thing. That sours my mood as I growl. No, no, that's not the way to go about this. What would my father have done? It takes me a moment to find the words. F.C.G. doesn't have a lot of world experience so I need to make things clear. Unfortunately, I can't just assume they'll catch implications.  "I know you didn't mean to start a fight. We all know that, but you did. People have pride-" I nod to the pair who have started playing some dramatic yet nice dance music, looking down at the robot who's giving me their full attention, "-Pride makes people react poorly to things meant to be kind. What you say that's meant to be encouraging may sound condescending to someone. Even if you say what someone needs to hear; It may not be what they want to hear. Which leads to fights and fists being thrown. You've got to think before you speak, sometimes it's even better to not speak at all, unwelcome words can cause a lot of damage to someone's mental health. Just- please learn to practice some tact." The robot absorbs my words, owlishly blinking. Just as I hear a high pitched run. Looking back to the music battle. I see Anni has gotten to her feet. Pressuring Dorian into a solo he catches beautifully.   "I believe I understand Mrs. Shulkyr. You have my sincere apologies. You soul-touched are even more complex than I had thought. I'll try harder to improve my communication skills." Fresh Cut Grass declares and I smile down at them.  "I know you will." That causes the robot to beam up at me. Just as I hear an ear shattering schink! The music dies and being replaced with a flurry of curses. Taking in the scene, I watch Anni stomp around. Clinging to their fiddle with a newly broken string hanging from it. All while barely managing to admit Dorian is better than she had expected between her fitful words.   "Anni are you ok?" Imogen asks and that seems to cause the half orc to break. Storming out the front with barely restrained rage. Slamming the door and shaking the building. Everyone starts to settle when the door swings back open. Anni appearing for a moment to shout at Ashton that they've got something waiting for them in their room. Then disappearing with another slam of the door.   "She's animated isn't she?" I ask and glance to Ashton. Only to see something is wrong. The earth genasi isn't pale per say. But something Anni said defiantly shook them. Raising a brow, I catch their good eye.  'You good?' They shake their head mouthing back to me,  'We'll see.' That isn't very reassuring. While everyone chatters I watch Ashton slip away. Probably to go grab whatever was delivered to them. There's twinge in my chest. It's a familiar feeling of- protectiveness, possessiveness, something in between? I suppose that's the closest I've ever gotten to describing it. Though it's only ever extended to a small group of people. So it's not as if I've ever had much chance to sort out whatever it is.   I don't really have a chance to focus on it. As Ashton is quick to reappear with a letter in hand. Catching everyone's attention. The prying starts instantly as curious eyes try to catch sight of the letter. Curiousity nips at me, but I'm more focused on how panicked Ashton looks to give it more than a passing acknowledgement.  "Gemstone, that bad?" I chirp and they shoot me a glance,  "It's something." They mutter nearly bouncing on the heels of their feet. Who scared the shit out of Ashton?  "Let's go talk to Effid." Ashton decides and starts ushering us along. Effid, who's this one? Everyone's reactions implies they recognize the name.   "Effid?" I ask and Imogen perks up,  "Effid is one the people Milo told us to ask when we were looking for Yash's group." Her words ring in my mind. Nodding, I eye Ashton, getting to their side and sticking close.  "How bad is Effid?" They jump and nervously glances at me,  "Effid is- Uh. Well. Effid is someone you want to be in good with, and they're a little- not Dugger levels- but they're a bit scary?" They seem unsure if scary is the right word.   "In general or to you?" I whisper and they make a face,  "Depends." They mumble as Imogen catches up to us,  "What are you whispering about?" She asks and it echoes in my head,  "If they fucked Effid." I lie both verbally and mentally to the sorcereress. Ashton jumps and shouts something. Probably in marquesian considering Imogen laughs in response. Seeing as I know those two are the only ones I know in this group to speak the language. Though most people we pass likely do too.  "If who did what to Effid!?" Dorian pries and Ashton growls.   "If you weren't beaten to shit I would fucking deck you right now." Ashton snarls at me quietly and I turn to face him a bit better. As the group arrives at some frightening organic building that's a weaving mess of nets and wood and metal.  "Feel free. I'm migraine free and my torso is what's fucked. Not my head." I offer and the group starts up protest. Just as Ashton smirks and decks me. Hard.  The crunch of their fist breaking my nose fills the air. Followed by the shouts and gasps of the rest. While they react, I catch myself with a few stumbling steps. Grinning, I hear the others call my name. Shaking with laughter, I feel something bubble up. The looks I get as I start laughing show I may have scared most. Ashton however beams at me. Matching my laughter with their own.   'Eager for a brawl as they are. They remind me of you on full moons.' The mask mocks as Ashton and I bump shoulders. All of us entering the creepy building. At least decking me seems to have helped them relax. I can take a broken nose if it eases that tension.   We look around and I sniff at the smell of the place. How does it smell dirtier in here than the Krook house? Before I can even attempting to guess. Ashton announces our presence. Calling out for this mysterious Effid. It takes a moment before I see something dart and move erratically along the ceiling. My eyes pin to the movement. The subject slowly coming into view and revealing itself.  Effid, is apparently a brown feathered, yellowed eyed bird person. I really should learn what they're actually called.  Getting a clearer view of Ashton's aquatiance. I notice his arms, normally just wings on the rest, appear twisted, partially plucked, and broken. Though the fact he's using them implies they aren't. Whatever made them that way clearly ruined their arms beyond repair. At least in terms of flight.   The creepy eyes of this thing settles on Ashton. Effid greets them and his speech matches his appearance, slow and creepy. Ashton is quick to ask Effid who delivered the letter. Leading the bird to confirm they saw who did. Someone who seemed to be rich courier. I tuck that away for later. Apparently Dorian isn't the only one tied to the upper class in our party.  The exchange is an eerie one. This entire thing is setting me unnaturally on edge.  Honestly, I don't like when they refer to Ashton as 'Cracked one'. Effid then gets far too close to Ashton for my liking. Before deciding to end the conversation. Only stopping to give their attention to a talkative Fearne. Who claims they remind her of someone.  "Do you know personal space?" I ask, giving the bird a narrowed gaze,  "Shulk-" Ashton starts as Effid's attention snaps to me. They twist and spider crawl over to me. Swinging right into my personal space. Giving me an intense wide eyed stare.  "Oh you- I've seen you." They breathe and I shift,  "You've probably seen all of us by the sound of it." I counter and he chuckles,  "Yes. That I have. But you- I've seen you long before now. Do your companions know of your- nightly adventures?" If a bird could smirk, he would be. Not that he needs a mouth to do that. The smug nature of it is dripping from his words. My blood runs cold as I stare down Effid. Suddenly, I understand why this person freightens Ashton so much.  "Nightly adventures?" Dorian asks incredulously,  "Is this more about your bedroom life?" Fearne eagerly asks and I glance at her. Before focusing back on Effid.   "Or crime life." Laudna sings, seeming genuinely invested. Tapping her black claws together. Leaning into the corner of my vision.   "Does this have to do with last night?" Orym gently asks and I can't bring myself to look at him,  "Shulkyr?" Imogen calls, silence falling over the group.   'What happened last night Shulk?' Imogen reaches in and I panic,  "Mr Effid sir, are you aware of how our friend came to harm?" F.C.G. asks and my gaze narrows. Reaching in, I snap the connection between Imogen and I. Before she catches something I don't want her too. Seeing as I can't trust my own thoughts, or a certain mask not to betray me.  "Harm? Yes, I suppose that would cause you quite a lot of harm. How hasn't it killed you yet?" The bird cooes tilting his head and it sends chills down my spine,  "I manage-" It almost feels like a physical strike breaking gazes with Effid, "-Ashton is that all you needed?" The genasi gives me a look. It screams suspicion as well as sympathy. For as doubtful as this makes them. They seem to have experienced Effid's taunting before.  "Yeah, I'm good. Let's head to that theater." The gratitude and relief that floods me is overwhelming. Maybe I should push making something for Ashton to the forefront? Or buy them a fuck ton of beer? Both? Both sound good to me.  "Wait- we're just leaving after that?" Dorian hisses giving me a suspicious look, that nervous energy from when we first met back in full force,  "Ashton said they're good, but I will admit I am very curious." Fearne hums and I return Dorian's suspicious look,  "Dorian, did we wrong you at some point?" I ask and the genasi leaps out of his skin,  "What?!" He squeaks completely caught off guard,  "We?" Imogen asks and I feel the wriggle of her presence in the back of my head again. Trying to get back in.   "Drow. You gave me that same look when we met. That judging, untrusting look that I'd get from anyone who lived back home who wasn't another drow." I mentioned what I had let slide, changing the topic to something just as jarring, though more so for him than me.  "N-No! Of course not. I'm not like that!" The genasi pales and takes clear offense to my suggestion he's being judgmental because of my race,  "Then what is it?" I chirp, raising a brow and he bites his lip. Glancing quickly at Orym and Fearne. Oh? So those two know something about this. A shared experience perhaps?  "It's not drow themselves." Orym pipes up and I turn my attention to him,  "We had a bad run in with an artifact of your people." I stare trying to discern what 'artifact' they could be referring to.  "One of the Luxon or the forgotten mistress?" I ask and they give me a confused look each,  "The Luxon? I didn't know the drow had more than one goddess." Fearne seems excited at the prospect of learning about my people.   "The Luxon are gods of light. In Wildmount they're responsible for freeing a large portion of drow from the mistress's shackles. Very few of us worship the mother of spiders anymore." They all absorb that information. Dorian flushing in blatant embarrassment.   "Oh." He rubs his neck, suddenly unable to look me in the eye. Ah, it must have been an artifact of Lolth then. Maybe even some of the mistress remaining followers? If they're all from Tal'dorei it would make sense.  "Actually if we're learning about drow." Laudna pipes up giving me an excited smile,  "I've never met one besides you darling, and I know Imogen hasn't either. Honestly, I don't think any of us have. Why don't you tell us a bit? Seeing as there's clearly some- misconceptions- circulating through our group." She asks and I give shrug,  "I don't see why not-" I glance back at Effid. Watching the bird start to scutter away on their network of nets and cords. "-But let's leave the bird's nest first, shall we?" Everyone agrees and leaves the hut. Deciding to walk and talk on our way to the theater. Starting with the topic Laudna had suggested.  "So these Luxon! Tell us about them." Laudna loops her arm with mine as we go, nearly skipping beside me,  "They're a unique god. Truthfully, I haven't mingled with most of my people growing up in the empire. But I do know most of the drow following the Luxon live on the surface in Xhoras. Existing as a new group called the Krynn, led by the Luxon's chosen, The Bright Queen. As for the followers of the mistress. Only small factions remain. Most fled to Tal'dorei since the Luxon ran them out. Only the most stubborn of the spider's dens chose her and to stay." There are some more questions shot my way. Simple things, what's a den? How do the Krynn exist above ground? How does the empire treat them? The general things. Dorian still can't look me in the eye. Though by the time their curiosity is sated. I feel the group as a whole has a better understanding of me and my culture.  "Ok, that's a bunch of questions answered." Imogen hums before her eyes glide over to Ashton,  "Maybe it's Ashton's turn to answer some?" She gently suggests and all eyes pin on them. I don't envy the spotlight swinging over to them. The letter once again became the center of everyone's attention. The sorceress presses the genasi. Who only keeps saying it might be something. It's something they need some privacy to handle. Clearly, they don't want to share what's up yet.  Until she irritates them into a compromise. Ashton let's Imogen read the letter. After they've nearly doctored the entire thing. Which causes her to huff and puff. Straining to see what they crossed out at first. Only to find the effort is in vain.  "It's a compromise. No one's happy." Ashton huffs as we make a turn. Imogen reads the one thing they didn't completely black out.  "What does that mean?" She looks at the genasi who shrugs,  "Something- maybe." They answer the same way as before. As we walk into the theater. I take in the entire scene. Seeing parts of plays that appear almost like sculptors. Except they slightly move, ever so slowly. Like a play being reenacted by magical illusions. Most of the people who seem to work here are all dressed in black and golden attire. I'm at least thankful that it is rather dark here.   My dark vision kicks in as we approach one of the staff. Trying to get some seats to the show out of them. F.C.G, the matron bless them, mentions the disappearances right then and there. Causing the man to panic and hiss at us. Dorian swoops in before anyone else can. Discreetly flashing ten mother fucking platinum. Rich boy, indeed.  The staff swaps their tone real quick. Getting us seats in one of the boxes. Giving us a good view of the stage. Along with an old dragonborn escort. Who leaves us to our devices once we're settling down. They're still swapping over to the next show.   "I've never been in a theater before." I mumble and that earns me a gasp,  "Are there no theaters in Wildmount?" Fearne looks at me, curiously, doe eyed and smiling. She has no right to be this cute when so fond of fire.  "Not anywhere I went." I explain, unable to help the almost childish excitement bubbling in me. Before anymore chatting happens the dragonborn from before returns. Saying someone wants to speak with Dorian. Specifically, and only, Dorian.  This causes everyone's hackles to rise. Each one offers to go with Dorian. F.C.G. suggesting Fearne turn into something small. Maybe a rat, or snake, so she can tag along with Dorian. Shifting, I start fiddling with stones hanging from my neck. Getting the stone the party purchased free.   "Dorian, Here." I hand over the sending stone. He jumps but takes it. When he grabs it I make sure to get a grip on his hand. Giving him a reassuring squeeze. Taking a deep breath and nodding to him.  "Think of Orym and say the word." I explain letting go of his hand,  "Oh, t-thank you, Shulkyr." Dorian mumbles, probably shocked. Ashton snorts from beside me,  "They're right. You shout and we'll be right there." They reassure the other genasi and we all agree with them,  "Right. I'll be back." Dorian promises to be safe. Before heading out to meet with this stranger. My fingers twitch as I watch the door. Whoever it is, they aren't waiting in the hallway for him. That causes my nerves to flare. There's a heavy thud and some stomping. Glancing over my shoulder I see it's Ashton. They've dropped their hammer and the stomping is their boot on the block of glass. They're watching the door with the same intensity.   "He'll be alright." Fearne mumbles playing with her hair. Even as she's still watching the door.  "Of course he will. We wouldn't allow it to end any other way." Orym mumbles, clinging to the other sending stone. Looking over the group I see everyone has tensed. While his death didn't faze me. It's clear the circumstances of his death have left a mark. Paranoia is reeking from our group. This- this needs to be amended.   "Breath." The tone that comes out is my 'captain's voice.' The one I tend to take on when throwing around orders. All eyes focus on me.  "If you're freaking out when he calls, if he calls, you'll scramble. So breathe." I advise them and they each take the time to react. Everyone's still tense, but Ashton's ticking has stopped. Fearne has dropped her hair to simply hug herself. Orym's grip has loosened just the slightest bit. The seconds turn to minutes. Feeling like hours- slow, unbearable hours. When the door opened again. Revealing an unharmed Dorian. The relief that floods the room is physical.  "Who was it?" Imogen asks and the bard hums,  "Oh, just a fan. They recognized me on our way in." He chuckles and my ear flicks. What is with that nervous chuckle?   "So you're famous!" F.C.G. chirps and Dorian flushes,  "I suppose so." He approaches me and offers me the stone.  "I think it's better with you. Thank you." He smiles and I take the stone. Taking in a deep breath. My eyes narrow as I undo my necklace. Putting the stone back into place.  "I'm getting really tired of all the strangers we're meeting today." Imogen sighs and Dorian gives that chuckle again,  "Yea. Really sick of strangers." Maybe I'm looking too much into his words. But there sounds like something spiteful is fueling those words.  "No one likes an unwelcome guest." I agree and Dorian glances at me. The new smell of cinnamon has faded now. Whoever he interacted with didn't touch him too much. It wouldn't leave so easily otherwise.   "No. You're right." He agrees as we all settle down for the show. Dorian once again anxious around me. Though seemingly for an entirely new reason. It seems someone else is keeping secrets.

  Everyone chatters with Dorian as we all settle down. The lights of the chamber dim. Everyone except Shulkyr is forced into quiet darkness. Their darkvision kicks in as a troupe of six acrobats walk on stage. Starting their performance after an unknown complaint from the crowd who had thought it would be otters. Only to be hushed as the six leap and flip in a flurry of gymnastics. Tension raising as they pass and dance around one another. Narrowly missing fatal impacts and disaster.  The group seems to chant a powerful melody as they perform. An odd seesaw-like device is rolled onto the stage behind them as they finish their first act. Beginning the second they change the song. Singing another tune completely. As the acrobats climb up the sides of the contraption. Launching one another into the air. Doing flips and tricks. Grabbing onto iron bars and spinning with practiced movements.  The show of singing acrobats only grows more dangerous with each act. One narrowly avoids breaking their body into the stage as they're caught by the rest. Rising dramatically as they're lifted into the air. Starting yet another song with the beginning of the third act. This one sounds almost heavenly. Complimenting the most dangerous piece of their act. As they perform masterfully and the third act reaches its climax. Disaster strikes as one slips in their movements.  Taking a hard fall that causes the entire crowd to gasp. Quiet overcoming the theater as the other acrobats stop. Shulkyr who had been enchanted with childish wonder gasps. Ashton lets out a faint bark of a laugh. Earning them a half assed punch to the arm from the blood hunter. Just as the performer who had hit the ground manages to get to their feet. Playing off the fall with Shakespearan dramatics. Earning a round of worried applause from the crowd. Before they're led off stage by the rest of their troupe.  After the performers leave the stage. There's some time before an older extravagantly dressed half elven man walks onto stage. Wearing a leopard lined cloak with slicked back amber hair. He closes the show with a suspicious add on of no refunds. Which successfully confuses the bunch. Shulkyr pouts and let's out something akin to a whimper.   "Shitty way to end a show." Ashton mumbles and everyone talks,  "But I want more." Shulkyr whimpers and reaches for their necklace, fiddling with it,  "Maybe we can find another place?" F.C.G. suggests as Dorian tries to find someone to speak to. Ashton comments that they need to get backstage.   "I smell money." They press and everyone agrees it would be a good idea. Taking the time to actually sort out a plan on what to do. Before making their move. Approaching the elderly dragonborn who had led them to the box seats earlier. Imogen and Dorian take the lead in trying to lie to him. Fearne and F.C.G. jumping in with the wrong name. Scrambling the lie and raising suspicion. Causing the dragonborn to leave and confirm they were in fact given permission.   "That could have gone better." Imogen sighs and everyone agrees to just sneak backstage,  "Oh! I have an idea." Laudna is beaming as they take the lead in creating a distraction. Using thaumaturgy to create the sound of someone backstage shouting fire. Even creating a little smoke to push the lie full force. Successfully causing people to start scrambling. Considering most of the party is spotted, and commented on by the passersby. Shulkyr doesn't bother sneaking as they all get behind the curtains. Shooting a glare at someone who makes a comment about 'odd one.' Sending the stranger scrambling. Which satisfies the drow even though they don't know who the stranger was referring to. Frankly, Shulkyr couldn't care less. They're just pleased the person is gone.   Once they all slip past the curtain. They see the performers attending to their harmed friend. F.C.G. whirrs along. Nearly rams into the half elven man from before. Getting scolded just as Shulkyr pulls up behind them with Imogen. Discovering F.C.G. trying to explain they only want to help. Though the man doesn't seem to believe the robot in the slightest.  "He is a rather talented medical practitioner." Imogen sings and Shulkyr nods,  "Fresh Cut Grass-" The drow chirps and the half elf looks at them, "-Apologies, this is our heal bot. They're capable of healing magic." The drow bows their head as the half elf agrees to let F.C.G. help. Though he does try to make the group leave.  "They're our automaton, I'm afraid, when we leave them alone. People tend to try and steal and dismantle them. So once they've finished we'll be happy to leave." Shulkyr lies through their teeth, earning an annoyed look from the man.   Only for Imogen to pipe up about how much they adored the show. Especially with the great view from their box seats. Which causes all of his attention to snap to the rest. Clearly more interested in the promise of money than butting heads with the drow. The rest chat him up as Shulkyr accompanies F.C.G. to the injured performer's side. Explaining what they're here to do. Calming any confusion and worry.  "Oh, thank you." One of the performers mumbles as F.C.G. begins trying to help,  Reaching for their back, gently laying it there and casting cure wounds. Followed by a faint light and a loud crack. Which causes the other acrobats to panic. Though none approach with the intimidating drow posturing behind the robot. After a moment the performer seems to flood with relief. Beaming and pleasantly surprised with how much better they feel. By the time the troupe calms. Fearne has come over and joined the duo.   "It was a gorgeous show. I've never seen one before, and it was a splendid first time." Shulkyr praises as Ashton joins them. The hunter offers the boy their hand. Helping the flustered man to his feet. While Ashton tries to quietly ask the matron of the family if they can tell them about the rumors. Orym and Laudna drop back, catching sight of a single hooded figure lingering. Laudna suggests they follow and Orym agrees. The warlock sends a message to Imgoen.  "Oh Imogen~ we'll be right back." She sings and the sorceress responds,  "Ok, update me in four minutes." She answers Laudna as the man approaches. Denying any of the rumors and claims.  "Rumors and claims are dangerous. We overheard tales from Simurgh Riders who seemed very intent on coming to see it for themselves. We decided to- take care of it first." Shulkyr smiles and the man makes a face. Wincing at the mention of authorities.   "We all need to have a chat." He hisses before dismissing the performers. Ashton leans into a straightening Shulkyr and whispers.  "You want me to take care of the other kids, or do you need muscle here?" They look across the group and Imogen hums,  "I don't think we'll need muscle."  "Go, I have a bad feeling." Shulkyr mumbles leaning close to Ashton's ear, "Whoever met with Dorian shook him up. I doubt they've left. If anyone caught Orym's eye it would be them." Shulkyr shares their insight with the barbarian,  "Knew he was hiding something." Ashton nods as the rest chatter. Dorian having too many questions that cause the whispering pair to eye each other. "No, I got a bad feeling about this. Orym is with Laudna, I go, and all my squishies are defenseless. I can't do that." Ashton decides to stay and Shulkyr nods. For a moment, consider telling Ashton they could fulfill that role for a time in an emergency. Yet they keep their mouth shut. The group follows after the master of the theater.  He's glaring at them all as Shulkyr reads the posters. One weird one catching their eye. 'To Kill a God' they smirk and snort at it. After some pressure, the master confirms the disappearances are more than just rumors. Giving what information he's willing. Explaining about each disappearance in turn. It becomes more and more concerning as he speaks about a half giant actor. The last two were apparently patrons. Who often took up seats in the same box seats we had.  "Could be slavers." The drow mutters, this would be something they'd do.  "Could be a monster too. I mean we came across a fucking werewolf less than a week ago. Yet no one had heard about it." Ashton grunts and eyes Shulkyr. Who frowns and focuses on their feet. Shit, they had thought the party had forgotten that in the whole mess that the last two days have been.  "My apologies, did you say a werewolf?" The half elven man blinks in shock. After a moment he recovers and leans back. "Perhaps they could be responsible for the disappearances? Werewolves are man eaters just like any other monstrosity." The man suggests, Shulkyr bulks and barely holds back a growl. Clenching their fists as everyone carries on. F.C.G. almost letting the identity of their employer slip, again. Imogen digs in further, gathering more information.  "Evenings and nights and between shows, if it is a monster, it's an evening predator. If it's a person, they're being very careful to seem sporadic and lay low." Shulkyr mumbles, and everyone nods in agreement.  Before the master suddenly suggests they're just a performing group. Hoping to get in by helping him. Clearly not satisfied with the reasons for helping they gave him before. Everyone denies it, though his question does prompt Imogen to ask if anyone would like to perform. Ashton and Shulkyr are quick to shoot down the offer to be on stage. While Dorian and F.C.G. hum and seem to genuinely consider it.  The half elf begins poking and investigating the robot. Finally realizing F.C.G. is not in fact a person in a very convincing costume. While he's throwing questions the robot returns them. Asking questions on how to get into acting. Which instantly seems to sour the man's mood. As he orders all of them to get out of his office. When the robot doesn't comply. Ashton grabs F.C.G. slowly dragging them out of the room. Shulkyr is quick to follow the duo. Still trying not to strike at the nearest wall or the man himself. The half elf infuriated them more than they would like to admit to anyone.  "Hey, you holding up?" Ashton gives them a look,  "I'm slowly deciding I don't like theaters." They snort in response to that,  "Fair." Everyone else joins them. Starting their own investigations. As Orym and Laudna continue to follow the hooded figure. Sneaking into the misty night. Only to discover they've lost them the moment they step out into the open. Orym jumps with his boots. Yet even with the temporary height advantage. He's unable to spot the hooded figure again.   "Cool~" Orym looks to see a kid staring at him in open awe,   "Stay away from the theater kid." Orym whispers and the kid gasps. Hiding in their mother's skirt. Putting a smile on the halfling's face.   Having failed to track their quarry. The duo head back inside the theater and look around. Trying to see if there's anything left behind by the mysterious figure. Only to find nothing in the spot. Not even the imprint of their boots. Defeated, they join back up with the rest in the main theater.   "No luck?" Shulkyr asks, raising a brow at Orym's expression,  "That obvious?" He jokes and Shulkyr gives him an understanding look. Silently expressing they know well what he's feeling. Considering how many decades they worked following crime and chasing slavers. They no doubt lost a trail or two in their time. Especially at the start.   "Probably one of Yash's men." Shulkyr suggests and that causes Orym to nod,  "He did say he has people trailing us. Yeah, yeah, I guess Yash must not trust us yet." Orym seems to relax at having some kind of answer.  Which causes the drow to hum and nod along. Even though Shulkyr suggested it. They don't entirely believe it, but they won't tell Orym that. Letting him take comfort in the assumption. As they arrive at the entrance of the underground storage. Dorian pauses trying to spot a hooded figure. Failing as Laudna gets uncomfortably close.  "What are you looking for?" Dorian leaps and seems close to fainting. Him and Laudna having a rather odd interaction. Before joining the rest downstairs in the darkness.   "Oh~ My boss would love this." Shulkyr looks around and Ashton hums,  "I've never been more comfortable anywhere in my life." They agree as Imogen sets up her crackling lights,  "Gods, the balance between the light and dark is just enough, it's screwing with my eyes." Shulkyr mumbles, rubbing their eyes. Which are halfway into setting darkvision. Making the existing light burn too bright and too sharp. The group searches around. Giving a thorough investigation for any holes similar to what they had seen before.  Ashton takes a moment to gently strike one of the tables. Earning them a snort from the blood hunter beside them. "Oh those tables really traumatized you didn't they?" Laudna snickers and Ashton glares,  "Hey, if that thing moved you'd be thanking me." They defend themself and Shulkyr shrugs,  "I mean- we fought animated furniture. If it were alive it wouldn't just be sitting still. Unless it's a mimic of course, but not the point." The blood hunter hums joining in teasing the barbarian,  "Excuse me a mimic?"   "A monster that likes to pretend to be things. Usually chests in a dungeon, or a wardrobe in a long abandoned mansion. That kind of thing." Shulkyr explains and Ashton gives the table the stink eye again. Great, now furniture might attack them for two completely different reasons. The hunter snickers and continues to investigate. Leaving Ashton to glare at any item they come across.  As they search through dust and discarded pieces. The drow pauses when they come across a specific pile of props. Spotting a replica of a familiar symbol lying atop the clutter. They stare at it with a look of gentle longing. Picking it up and fiddling with the piece. So entranced they don't hear the squeak of F.C.G's wheel when the robot approaches them. "Does that symbol mean anything to you?" F.C.G. speaks, startling Shulkyr, who narrowly avoids dropping the likely fragile prop.  "Ah- it's just a replica of a symbol from back home." They explain to the robot who perks up,  "Do you miss home?" F.C.G. asks and the drow stares,  "I-" They pause as they squeeze the prop. It's almost been eight years now. Most of that was spent on the sea, and yet- it feels so new now. Perhaps it's because the crew was from the coast? It had never truly felt like they left home while on the ship. But now-?  "Hey, we're heading back up!" Ashton announces stopping the pair's conversation. Shulkyr puts the prop back. Before rushing to leave the dark space. F.C.G. watches their fleeing figure. Unsure how they can get the clearly emotionally aching drow to share their woes. Though the failure only hardens the robot's resolve. They'll get Shulkyr to share what's bothering them. They just have to keep trying!  With that the robot follows after rest. As the group is led to the other right hand. A gnome woman dressed up to the nines and back. Shulkyr stares and blinks. "Holy fuck, you're worse than my boss." They whisper and Ashton snorts,  "Are they a peacock too?" They ask and bump shoulders with Shulkyr,  "Heavily pierced with silvers, a crowned horn, delicious tan, and tattooed to the nines. Though- He's actually attractive." I sigh and hear a scuff,  "You don't find me attractive? Well, to each their own." The gnome waves a hand and Shulkyr glares at her. Before she focuses back on Orym. Making the halfling man noticeably uncomfortable.  "Sorry, my standards are just too high I'm afraid. Spoiled as I was with the Ruby of the Sea." Shulkyr purrs, a switch flicking as they openly challenge the gnome.  "Fuuuck, I need popcorn for this." Ashton leans back and watches the pair bicker,  "Oh, I'm mighty afraid I don't know that name. Must be a local pleasure." The gnome huffs and Shulkyr gives her a look of pity,  "Oh, you poor darling, never even been blessed with the Ruby's name? She's only the most gorgeous woman in all of Exandria. Everyone in Wildmount from Xhoras to the coast and The Revelry know her. Unlike you." Shulkyr bats their eyes and the gnome frowns,  "Are you taking issue with me little miss?" The gnome sneers at the drow who quirks a brow,  "Frankly, I am, I don't like people who make me and mine uncomfortable." Shulkyr hisses and Orym clears his throat. Pink faced and shifting on his feet. Feeling flustered, and a bit guilty, at being the reason for the drow's aggression.  "Um- I- Thank you Shulk, but we're working, remember?" Orym gently asks and the drow glances over their shoulder,  "See now, little miss, seems I'm not the bother here." The gnome bats her eyes and Shulkyr lets out a growl. Deep low and completely inhuman. It causes the group to jump and Laudna hums.  "Oh, Shulkyr, I didn't realize you could make that noise! It's eerie, and scary, I like it!" The ghoul fawns and Shulkyr snorts. Standing straight before announcing they'll be outside. Leaving the party to continue their investigations with the smug gnome woman. They get some valuable information while the angry drow paces outside. Along with more unwelcome flirting before heading out. Finding Shulkyr snarling and scowling in the empty theater when they leave.   "Shulk?" Imogen questions the drow who keeps pacing,  "Damnit, This feels-" They're struggling, They can't place it, but the realization of something is right there. This entire mission is getting under their skin. The events that took place before doing nothing to soothe their growing paranoia. Could this have to do with Dugger? Or is this something completely separate? One of Yash's men was following them. Does he have something to do with them? They hear a snicker in the back of their mind.  'Or perhaps you're searching for lines that simply aren't there?' The voice mocks, and Shulkyr doesn't know how to answer that.   "It feels- what?" Dorian pries and they lash out. Cracking a bench with some unknown strength. It makes some of them jump and Ashton raises a brow.  "Hey, something's been pissing you off. You need air?" Ashton asks and they snort,  "Yeah. Actually I do. I'll be back." They take Ashton up on their offer, storming to the front entrance,  "Shulk-!"   "I have the stone!" They call back as they leave the theater. Fearne and Imogen clearly intend to trail them. Only for Ashton to stop the pair in their tracks. Earning whines and complaints.  "Hey, leave'em. Something is wrong and they need the room. If we crowd them, they'll go fucking mad and that-" Ashton nods to the broken bench, "-might be one of us. And I don't know about you. But I have enough cracks in me." They joke and, reluctantly, everyone agrees to let Shulkyr cool off. Before splitting up to investigate the rest of the theater. Searching all the places the gnome had mentioned to them. Some go to the bathrooms, some the alleyway, and others the box they had sat in.~•~

  The mist feels heavenly as I close my eyes. Curled into a ball and straining my hearing. Hoping not to be caught out. Since clearly who or whatever is attacking people aims for loners just outside the theater.  "You have to make everything harder!" I snarl at the mask who chuckles in my head,  'I'm merely trying to help you, you hapless little thing.' The voice purrs and I quake,  "No, no you aren't. You're being a smug prick." I hiss, hugging myself and feeling pain and frustration. This hunt is leading to no blood or satisfaction. It's angering the beast who is becoming harder to control. He said he had something, please, have something, anything.    'Ah yes, a hunt with no kill. How unfortunate for you.' Before I can continue to argue. I hear someone approach. By the sound of the heavy foot falls, and the slight gap between them, it's probably Ashton. They walk funny with the weight of their hammer. After a moment, They drop next to me.  "Hey."   "Hey." I parrot back to them and lift my head. Staring into the misty night. My darkvision, finally, sets in fully. No longer fighting with the dim light of Imogen's crackling orbs.  "So- today just hasn't been our day." They sigh and I do the same,  "Not really." It started with the argument with the mask. To dealing with Effid who clearly knows my secret, and spiraling into what the half elven man had said. The gnome was just a cherry on top really.  "Think you can finish the night?" Ashton asks, not prying per say, just testing the waters,  "Yea. I just need to kill something." I snarl and Ashton snorts before they get up. Offering their hand and pulling me up.   "Same." They agree and we start walking. The silence sits over us for a while before I finally ask where we're going.  "We're heading to the alley after Imogen." Ashton explains and I nod,  "Good, remind me, why did we leave our squishiest squish alone?" They bark a laugh as we head down. Joining up with Imogen and Laudna. Along with Fearne and F.C.G. in a far too clean alleyway. Imogen shares that she can 'hear' someone or something. Though she can only describe it as being like static. My hair stands on end and I look around. Feeling something off about this spot. I search for whatever source could be. When my eyes settle on the drain at the dead end.  "Please tell me it's not hiding in the fucking sewer, I will scream." I growl and Ashton snorts,  "It is not our day." Ashton restates and I nod, we all start to investigate. Ashton and Laudna search the wall. While I linger back with Imogen. Glaring at the sewer with distrust. Waiting to see if anything similar to Dugger oozes out from the sewer grate.   Imogen gasps beside me. Breaking my hyper focus on the overly suspicious hole. Raising my gaze and following hers. I see a massive eye looking from the wall. As tendrils dripping ooze emerge from a previously non-existent gap that seems eerily like a mouth. Filled to the brim with too many teeth. The sight causes something to click in my head. The scene of us in the underground room playing in my mind. Oh, the irony.  "Its seriously been a mimic, are you fucking with me right now?!" I shout and everyone spins seeing it. Tensing at the realization we've all been jumped. By a wall. Oh, I'm never going to hear the end of this.

 The Party's P.O.V. Before the startled party can attempt to flee from the wall. Two tentacles lash out, one just missing Ashton, Who just manages to duck under it, "Fuck!"   Laudna however gets slammed into another wall before being captured by the wriggling limb. Once it's ensnared Laudna the mouth shoots out. Sinking into Ashton and melting into their skin. They shout as a sickly green, acidic smog pours from the bite wounds. Melting the rock like flesh. Despite the crippling pain the barbarian grins, "About fucking time!"  They draw their maul. Racing over to Laudna's aid. Lashing out at the tentacle. Hitting it only for the hammer to stick. They struggle to free their weapon. Stumbling back and barely dodging a swipe from another tendril.   Orym races into the fray. Drawing a dagger and shouting. Throwing the blade into the monstrosity's single eye. Imogen throws up her hands and casts a spell. Hoping to help blind the creature. Only for the eye she was aiming for to vanish. Another one reappearing further along the wall. "Ew, ew. I never thought I would have to fight a wall."  "I mean we fought a table." Shulkyr counters and she snorts,  "That's fair." While they're bantering. Fearne throws up her hands. Haphazardly shooting three beams of fire at the horror. Only one manages to hit home. Scorching the creature that's slowly peeling itself free from its hiding spot.  "Alright. You're going to be all kinds of annoying aren't you?" Drawing Raven's Kiss, Shulkyr cuts their finger with their ring. Smearing the blood across the sheathed limbs of the crossbow. Before flicking them open. The blood hardens as a mist pours of the weapon. Crimson crystals forming along the weapon. Loading it, Shulkyr fires off two bolts into the gaping maw. Each sinking into the flesh inside before exploding into dark jagged ice. Digging into more of the creature's unprotected flesh. Earning a garbled wail from the monstrosity.   "You fucking jinxed us!" Ashton laughs and Shulkyr shrugs,  "At least it wasn't the table!" They beam, as Dorian finally joins the battle. Catching up from having descended from the ceiling top. Racing over to F.C.G. gifting them with bardic inspiration.  "Hi, smiley day to you!"  "Smiley day to you, I think we're going to be doing a lot of healing little buddy." Dorian pats the robot, imbuing them as he takes place beside Orym. Skidding to a stop as he waits for the wall to come into range. His hand axe at the ready.  "Oh! Ew!" Imogen gags as the group watches the creature pause. Its mouth swelling before releasing an acidic explosion onto three of the party. Ashton manges to partly hide using his maul. F.C.G. screams as they try to absorb part of the harm. With Orym and Dorian falling to the full wrath of it. Their flesh being melted away by the vile spit. The pair scream in agony as the cracks of Laudna's form of dread expands. Twisting her form as she tries in vain to fire a blast. The tendril throwing her around. Stopping her from hitting the massive creature.   F.C.G. focuses more of their magic onto Ashton. Trying to keep the genasi from falling. While trying to replace their arm. Putting on one resembling a crossbow, and tucking around a corner.  Ashton rushes into another attempt to aid Laudna. Dodging the snapping maw to bring their hammer down on the tendril. It lets out a blast as their form flickers red and blue. Tearing the tendril apart. Before grabbing Laudna and pulling her back. Stumbling to try and not to fall. Their skin still sizzling from the acid.  "My hero." Laudna gasps aching pretty badly herself,  "I'm working on it!" Ashton grunts, posturing between the wall and the warlock,  Orym isn't managing much better. Leaning against a wall for a moment. Before gathering up his strength and trying to charge the monstrosity. The acid burning at his skin and eyes make him struggle through the first flurry. Though he does manage to sink his blade in at some points.  "Shulk! Don't you have bombs!?" Dorian yells, and Shulkyr snarls,  "Three, but if I set one off in this alleyway I'm taking down everyone with that thing!" Shulkyr shouts as Imogen releases a burst of arcane energy into the wall. Connecting it to her with wildly crackling lilac lightning. Her eyes burn white as she holds the spell. Fearne follows her lead. Peeking under her cape and summoning her fire spirit.  "Hey Mister, ready to get in there?" She smiles and the monkey shouts. Jumping off the druid's shoulder. Firing up, both figuratively and literally. Screaming as Fearne cheers him on. The attack doing nothing as the monkey hisses. Dorian decides to follow the monkey's attempt, throwing his axe. Sinking it into the wall.  "I'm deeply disturbed by this monkey and this wall. Though I'm not sure which is worse." Shulkyr states, having not yet met Little Mister, they raise their crossbow aiming for the eyes, and firing off another round. The first sinks deep before exploding. The eye bursts in a show of gore before pulling back into the wall. Just as the second eye appears, Shulkyr fires another shot. Earning a screech from the creature as another bolt sinks true.  "At least SOMEONE is hitting this thing!" Ashton shouts and Shulkyr shakes their head,  "It's a wall!" They start reloading as Dorian busies himself with healing his wounds, barely standing,  "With a mouth!" The air genasi cries causing Shulkyr to check on him,  "By the matron." They breath, this fight isn't going well. Just as the realization hits. The wall starts to swell again.   "Duck!" It's not clear who yells as the three in front of the wall are splattered with acidic spit again. Ashton, Laudna, and Orym all are seared with the sludge.  "Everyone back away from this fucking thing! Proximity is a death sentence!" Shulkyr shouts as their bones begin to crack. The alleyway is shadowed as it is. In the dead of night, would they notice?  Orym is pressed forward by the ever approaching wall. Doing the best he can to push back. Laudna stumbles away from Ashton. Raising her darkened claws hexing the wall. Firing another eldritch blast formed by the shadows of the alley. Only for it to be batted away by a tendril. She cries in despair. Just as F.C.G. finishes attaching their new arm. Focusing the harmful energy they had taken into the bolt. Firing it into the wall. Causing a small explosion from whatever they imbued the shot with.  "I really think Shulkyr has the right idea here!" F.C.G. shouts, focusing some healing on the trembling earth genasi,  Ashton flares their nose, adjusting their grip on their hammer. Picking it up with renewed vigor. The glass head of the maul starts to glow and flicker with unknown light. As they swing the hammer into the beast. The blow glances off even as it explodes in a burst of flame. Orym follows suit and tries to strike into the maw. Only for the teeth to catch his blade.   Imogen focuses more of her power into the wall. Struggling to release a strong burst of arcane lightning into it. Her fear making her magic dim and fail to burn as badly as it had. She stumbles back only for a tendril to lash out at the moment of weakness. Ensaring her and ripping her from Shulkyr's side.  "Shulkyr!" Imogen's fear is undeniable as the drow is knocked away from her,  "Imogen!" Shulkyr screeches as their world freezes. All sounds go dull except for an eerie chuckle in their mind.  'Perhaps, you'll learn that some hunts are better with no kill.' The mask sneers as the world thunders. Fearne unleashing a powerful thunder blast. The echoing crack blasts the wall back. Covering the sound of bones and skin shattering as the figure behind them morphs. Only being revealed by the weak flame of Mister.   Dorian races to face it head on. Focusing all his arcane energy. Empowering everything he can into the diamond he takes from his chestplate. Wind swirls around the genasi, almost sucking his companions towards him. Even threatening to rip Imogen free from the monstrosity's grasp.   His eyes come to life with the power of the storm he's named after. Before he releases the pearl sized orb. Expelling it forward using his wind at blinding speeds. Burying the spell right into the eye of the monstrosity. Searing through the iris and disintegrating the flesh.  A moment passes before veins of electric blue start to burn and spread across the wall. The monster struggles in vain against the force tearing it apart from the inside. Trying to pull away, lashing out blindly. It gargles and stumbles. Just as it's overwhelmed and ripped apart by the full force of the spell. Blasted to pieces. What little remains of the unknown creature crumbles. Rendered a massive pulsing, quivering mound of flesh. Before going still and releasing everyone it had trapped.  "Holy shit." Fearne breathes in awe as the wind fades. Dorian pants, shaking and looking around.  "Scary wall." He swallows, looking around, "Is everyone ok?" He gets a chorus of weak 'no's and groans. Ashton insists on sitting down. Taking a seat on their hammer. Pain pulsing behind their eyes from the abuse. While F.C.G. and Dorian try in vain to heal the group. Everyone collects their bearings as Orym checks in on the group. Ashton, despite their aching and agony, manages to crack a joke. Starting a conspiracy about inanimate objects. Just as one of the right hands of the half elven master runs outside.   "What is all the noise?" The party scrambles to explain what happened. Just as two wilders shout. Getting everyone's attention.  "What the hell is going on?" They call and Fearne sighs,  "Oh, great timing."  "What does that mean?" They finally see the dead monstrosity. Ashton encourages them to poke the creature. Making a gastly sound when they do. Scaring the pair shitless and getting scolded as a result. The genasi just cackles however. Wearing a proud grin on their face. Just as the right hand has collected his boss. Who reacts to the carnage himself.  The party handles the trouble. The theater master confirms they recognize the items. Proving this mimic was in fact at fault for the disappearances. They all chatter together trying to figure out what could have created such a thing. Leading to another round of twenty questions.  The half elf man aiding the party in ringing the wardens for answers. Which is a deeply appreciated effort on his part. Eventually they seem to figure out the 'wall' was definitely put there maliciously. The half elf dismisses the wardens. Before summoning the group back to his office. F.C.G. and Ashton help Orym onto the robot's back. So he can be wheeled around as needed. Seeing as the halfling seems too battered to even consider standing, nevermind walking, on his own. The group heads to the man's office yet again.   Receiving his gratitude and payment. Including membership for box seats for a season. At Laudna's enthusiastic insistence. Though He explains that each would meet with the gnome woman privately to sign the contracts. Ashton cracking a joke that the others aren't sure whether or not they mean. Causing Imogen to wonder if someone had in fact been attracted to the extravagant woman. Once they settled their business. The man tells them to leave, "Have a good night, and um- get out."  They don't hesitate to agree. Wanting to rest their weary bones. The group leaves through the back alley. Stumbling and passing an even larger amount of wilder's. One of them having a sniffing and disgruntled Simgurh beside them. He holds up a hand as they pass.   "Hey, you were the ones who slayed this thing, yes?" One questions the group as Fearne starts discreetly collecting teeth, Dorian and Orym collect their weapons from the mass, and Laudna inspects the alleyway.   "Yup. Need something?" Ashton pops the 'p' leaning on their hammer, the only reason their still standing at this point,  "Somewhat, was this monstrosity the only thing you fought with?" He waves to the mass and Ashton shrugs,  "Yea, why?" The rider goes quiet and hums,  "Ah, my companion is on edge. We picked up the trail of- something not a day before and-" He shakes his head pulling off the helmet. Revealing a human with brown hair.  "I had simply wondered if you had caught anything. Since my hound insists that something else was here." The rider explains patting the head of his Simgurh. Who's still sniffing at the ground. Before snarling and snapping at something in the mass. Shaking and shattering a faintly ice covered bolt that had sunk into the creature. Ashton tenses seeing the Simurgh ravish the ammo.   "Something like- more monsters, or what?" Dorian asks as Imogen looks to the end of the alley. Having taken the opportunity to steal an odd object from the monster's slack corpse.  "Well- I don't mean to alarm, but there are- rumors. Spreading of a rabid lycanthrope on the loose in the spires." The rider shares and the group tenses up. Ok, so maybe somebody did notice the werewolf running around the city.  "Moonkin are dangerous beings, bloodthirsty beasts that spread their curse like a disease. Even just one can transform an entire city given time. Our superior's are hyper focused on finding and eliminating it. Should you come across it, be wary. If you become cursed- well. Corporal punishment is never kind." The rider sighs, seeming defeated by his own words.   "Yea, got it. Don't get bit." Ashton salutes and they and the rest join Imogen. Who is chatting up a tiny old gnome man. Which in of itself is an odd sight. The others join in and learn he's a woodworking gnome man named, Chetney Pock O'Pea. Apparently, he's in need of some help in finding a friend. Believing they would be good for the job considering what he just watched them do. After some back and forth, They agree he can come with them. Walking with the fanatical gnome on their way to the Spire by Fire.  "You were very talented back there. I didn't think you were gonna make it when the other one showed up!" Chetney exclaims and the party jumps,  "Wait- what other one?" Laudna asks and the gnome looks up at her. Reacting poorly to the ghoul. Screaming and pulling a knife. Causing a whole skit before Ashton drives the topic back to 'the other one'.  "The wolf beast! They were looming behind the blue boy right before you killed that thing!" Chetney reveals and the whole party nearly falls over,  "Wolf beast? As in- bipedal wolf monster, dark furred, green eyed?" Imogen asks, describing the werewolf they had encountered previously, and the gnome nods.  "Oh yea, though I didn't see any eyes, it's back was to me, but it appeared right after that thunderous crash. I only saw them thanks to that weird moving fire." Chetney reveals and Dorian feels their life start to escape them. The werewolf was- behind him? He didn't even realize it. Was it literally breathing down his neck?  "Dorian you ok? You're looking a bit- pale." Imogen checks in with the bard who stumbles,  "I- I-" He shakes his head and claps his hand, "-I need a drink. I think we all do, a nice bottle or three of something that will hopefully knock us all on our asses so we don't feel the aches in the morning. Right? That sounds right to me!" Dorian deflects, badly, barely resisting sprinting the rest of the way to the Spire by Fire. Though he does noticeably speed up and everyone watches him.  "Alright, so who's dealing with that?" Ashton asks and Laudna perks up,  "Oh! I can, I really think I'm getting the hang of it." She cheers and Ashton nods,  "Sweet." The group heads to the tavern. Following upstairs after the elderly gnome. Starting proper introductions.   Chetney meets everyone while doing everything in his power to bully poor, poor Dorian. Who's on the verge of tears at this point. Having downed four glasses by now. Having had enough Imogen threatens Chetney using her telepathy. Followed by Orym introducing himself as Dorian's friend, a much less direct threat than Imogen's. Ashton follows and as usual explains themself. Then it gets back around to the ghoulish woman.  Apparently, Laudna and Chetney share a love of wood making. The group discovering he's a maker of toys. Ashton listens as they watch the door. Jumping when Chetney explains they're from Wildmount.  "Oh! You're from Wildmount too!" Laudna gasps and he raises a brow,  "Are you?" He questions and she shakes her head,  "Oh no, not me, but our final companion. They're a sweet drow from Wildmount." Laudna explains and she leaps to her feet. Looking around as realization dawn's on her.  "Oh my divine, Shulkyr is missing!" Everyone looks around except for Ashton who snorts,  "Uh yea- wondered when that was gonna come up." Ashton takes a drink as everyone reacts,  "You noticed and didn't say anything?!" Orym glares at Ashton who shrugs,  "Yup."  "Why would you keep quiet about such a thing Ashton?" Imogen asks, and tries reaching into the genasi's mind. Catching the surface thoughts. The genasi is thinking, wanting to go see Effid again.  "Why are we going back to Effid?" She presses as Ashton gets to their feet,  "We're not. I'm going back to Effid." Ashton counters,   "Is this about the fact your bird friend clearly knows whatever secret our little hunter is keeping?" Laudna asks, and Ashton shrugs,  "Yeah, they're not going to share it for cheap. I've got a better chance of getting the information alone. In the morning." Ashton grunts and downs another glass.   "First, Chetney. Do you have anything else about this friend, or-?" Ashton shuts down any other attempts to pry. Earning them looks as the group carries on. Discussing what Chetney actually needs from them, and payment. Which honestly seems like it's going to end up being wooden toys. As they honestly seem to want the toys.  "Oh and Mr. Chetney. I'm sure our friend Shulkyr would love a toy too. You can ask them what they'd like when we find them again." F.C.G. happily encourages and the gnome makes a face,  "Uh- again? Does this friend of yours usually just disappear?" The entire party makes noises in response. Most of them basically agree that- yeah. This is pretty typical of them. Once everything settles they start to call it a night.   Before Orym tells Imogen that someone else is trailing them. Getting her to glance downstairs. Catching sight of a hooded figure that seems to be watching them. Orym shares the idea that Shulkyr had proposed about them being one of Yash's man. The pair discuss what to do about him. Bringing Laudna into the discussion after a bit.  Things escalate quickly as the figure starts to flee. Chetney and Orym trailing after him. Managing to even stop the guy in the alley. Though it seems he paused more out of pity than anything. Considering the state of Orym and Chetney's age. The figure convinces the halfling to bring Dorian to them. While Chetney agrees to stay behind as Orym goes to get the bard. Chetney chats up the man for a while. As Orym reunites with the rest. Explaining what little happened.  "I- I mean I can go." Dorian slurs, running a hand through his hair,  "Not alone you aren't." Ashton growls and everyone agrees to forget what Yash's pet wants. They aren't leaving one of their own alone. Not again.  "Now if we could just get someone to play by that rule." Orym mumbles and everyone sighs. For how mad they had gotten at Bertrand and Imogen for splitting from the group. Shulkyr really does like being a hypocrite.   "We'll work on it." Ashton sighs,  "We need to sit them down, but we'll work on it." They restate and roll their neck,  "This first?" Orym asks and everyone nods,  "This first." They all agree and head out to meet with the rouge.

   Everyone strides out into the streets to meet the hooded stranger. Deciding to handle the situation at hand. Dorian announces their arrival rather awkwardly. Getting the attention of the strange man. Who turns when asked revealing blue skin that matches Dorian's. Standing proud at an easy six foot three. Making them tower over everyone except for Fearne.   "You're making this very awkward for me." The figure states shuffles on their feet,   The two chat, an awkward tension filling the air. The hooded figure is openly put off by the others' presence. Explaining they had been trying to get Dorian alone. Earning mutterings from the group. Quietly joking that was never gonna happen. Especially after what happened the last time they left one of their own alone.   The figure questions if the group is trustworthy. Causing Dorian to look across them. Fumbling as he struggles to decide. Put on the spot like this "They're- They're good people. So- I uh- maybe." Dorian struggles, locking eyes with Orym for a moment. Who's gentle look seems to give him some ground to stand on.  "Everyone- This is my brother!" Dorian forgoes secrets for a moment. Tossing his trust into the group around him. They all gasp and happily react to the announcement. Happily welcoming the stranger into the fold. The sudden shift in their demeanor sends the other air genasi for an emotional ride. As Dorian pulls the other man closer to the group. Practically showing him off to them.  "Come on, this is- introduce yourself." Dorian hisses to the taller man who fumbles,  "I- Uh- Cyrus- I'm Cyrus-" The man keeps looking between his little brother and his companions. Unsure whether or not he should lie to them.  "-Storm." Dorian finishes and Cyrus slowly nods,  "Like me. Dorian Storm, my name is Dorian Storm." Dorian presses clearly meaning that more for his brother than his friends,  "Right, Storm. My name is Cyrus Storm." The man is blatantly lying. Even as he agrees with the bard. The party eye each other before agreeing despite it. Putting their trust back into Dorian as he has them. Deciding to go back to the Spire by Fire to finish drinking and to properly introduce everyone to Dorian's brother.   Imogen slips beside Cyrus for a moment, "Hey uh- this may seem a bit invasive, but can I ask you a question?"  He straightens and eyes the purple haired woman, "I uh- sure. I mean as long as you don't-" He gestures to his head. Unsure how to express what he doesn't want her to do. Since he's not exactly sure what it is she did.  "Oh, yea, of course not. I really am sorry by the way. If it helps, I try really hard not to read your thoughts." Imogen tries to comfort him. Patting his arm and Cyrus slowly nods. Not feeling even remotely better. In fact, he's more panicked than he was. She can read his thoughts?  "Alright-" He agrees despite it and clears his throat. "-So what is it you want?" He still seems unsure of Dorian's friend.  "You were trailing us-"  "Him." Cyrus interrupts struggling with that yet again. "I- I was following him. Not you. I-" Cyrus stumbles and Imogen blinks nodding,  "No, no, I know. But- while following us you didn't happen to see a- werewolf running around?" Cyrus nearly leaps out of his skin,  "W-What?! No! Why in the gods name are you looking for a werewolf?!" The man is panicking so badly he gets the rest of the group's attention. Each catching onto what Imogen asked. While Cyrus turns on Dorian. The siblings enter a whispering fight.  "Don't yell that you buffoon!" Dorian hisses,  "Well I'm sorry, but why is she asking about a werewolf!? Are you being hunted-?" Cyrus eyes blow wide as their concern for their little brother skyrockets,  "No! Well- I- Maybe! Look, we just keep running into the same werewolf, and it's extremely suspicious so we wanted to look into it ok!" Dorian counters as F.C.G. rolls up,  "They're also awfully helpful! We would like to thank them, but they always run off before we have the chance." The little robot explains which only confuses Cyrus more. Who's eyes keep darting from one of the party and back to Dorian.  "So- You're trying to find a werewolf who keeps showing up and helping you. Yet you don't have a clue who they are and whether or not they're hunting you?" Cyrus parrots the information he's been given. His head swimming in a vortex of worry and confusion. What has his little brother gotten himself into?!   "Hey, yeah that's the gist. But can we not argue about this out in the open? Especially after we just passed two wardens. Who, based on what another warden told us, are currently on a fucking man hunt for said werewolf and anyone who might be hiding them?" Ashton hisses, pushing the pair of air genasi along. Causing them to stumble. Everyone is quick to follow Ashton's lead. Quickening their pace through the streets. Ending the conversation for now. Though Cyrus absolutely intends to pry further later.  After another turn, the group finally return to the Spire by Fire. Heading inside the warm building and back to their table. Cyrus in tow as they all settle back down. Getting their glasses back in hand and starting up a proper discussion. Spending the most the night letting the brothers catch up with one another. Learning about the immense trouble Cyrus has gotten himself in. Including an over twenty thousand gold bounty that's currently on his head.   Imogen jumps and hisses at him for just walking around. Which sets Cyrus on the edge of his seat. Looking around and asking if he should leave.   "No, not- not yet. But when you do, be sneaky about it." Chetney chides the man who nods. While pulling his hood a bit tighter around his head.   That leads into a conversation about where Cyrus ran from. Which leads into the party learning about the pair's past. Being, essentially, air genasi royalty. Though they are quick to clarify they aren't royalty per say. Just a generation of leaders who their people tend to come to for advice. Which causes Ashton to smirk. Leaning on the table as they start.  "So- you ran away from a family of generations of oracles is what you're saying?" The brothers glance at each other, before agreeing that would be the best term for it,  "It's amazing they didn't see it coming." Ashton jokes and the entire party burst into drunken giggles. Dorian beams as he explains, through his own chuckles, that no one sees the future. Their opinions are just highly valued.   The next discovery the party makes is Dorian's real name. As Chetney questions him on it. While Ashton encourages making a trade. Advice Dorian follows up on. Wanting his toy design from Chetney before he gives his name. Describing a miniature airship that he wants to float. Which leads to Chetney getting mad and bullying the air genasi again. Refusing to use anything other than the wood he works with. Which causes a scuffle until Dorian gives. Chetney huffs, going back to his paper.  "So I engrave this ship with S.S. First Name-?" Chetney eyes Dorian who, still smiling despite himself,  "Brontë." Dorian answers and everyone beams. Repeating the name as Dorian spells the name.  "Alright- Brontë Last Name?" Chetney presses, and Dorian nods to his brother,  "What's our last name?"  "Storm?" Cyrus says it slowly once again unsure about lying,  "Our real last name, it's fine." Dorian sighs and Cyrus smiles,  "Ah, Wyrmwind. Cyrus Wyrmwind." Cyrus shares revealing both their real names. Everyone sits on the name for a moment. No one recognizes it, which seems to surprise the brothers. Who explains they're well known globally. Which Orym questions.   The pair answer together by describing their home. The Silken Squall, a floating city that goes from place to place, able to appear all over the globe. The city where all air genasi are welcome, and other races can come- under heavy watch. Which leads to plenty of jokes. Mostly from Ashton who is taking the most glee in this entire scenario. The banter continues as the liquor flows. Until the party decides it's time to settle for the night. Dorian agrees to walk Cyrus home. Which causes the party to lower their mood.  Orym sighs, "I'd give you the other stone, but-"  "A stone? You have a lucky rock?" Cyrus asks seeming very invested, "I used to have a lucky rock." He sighs and Dorian hums,  "Right, and I believe it was a pet rock you somehow managed to kill- as for our lucky rock." Dorian pauses as he nearly leaps to his feet,  "Shulkyr has the stone!" Dorian cries and the entire party startles staring at him for a moment before what he just said clicks with them. Everyone shouting the same thing.  "Fuuuck! How did we not think of the damn stone?!" Ashton groans face palming. While Orym pulls out the other stone. Lifting it to his mouth and whispering the magic word. Picturing the mysterious hunter in his mind as he does. Causing the stone to start to dimly glow and thrum with it's enchantment.  "Hey, Shulkyr-" Orym starts and everyone leans in towards him,  "Can you ask where they are?!" Fearne asks hopping in her seat,  "Wait- isn't there a word limit? We have to precise." Imogen presses and Orym raises a brow. Careful not to say another word. While he mentally plots the message out. Taking in everyone's opinions on what he should say. Before raising a hand, hoping to quiet everyone down. While Cyrus is quietly asking for an explanation as to what everyone is doing. Why is the rock glowing?   "-We're all back in the Spire by Fire, and we're really worried about you. If you're alright, please, at least message us back." Orym finishes and the thrum of the stone ends. Everyone waits with bated breath. Will their hunter answer them? What happens if they don't? What if they're lying dead somewhere too? Everyone's nerves are fraying with every passing second. Imogen loses her grip on her mental powers with the growing stress. The others feel it and Laudna puts a reassuring hand on her shoulder. Quietly encouraging her to focus on her breathing. Fearne starts hugging Mister, and Dorian is fiddling with his cape.  "They're not answering-" Dorian panics just as the stone starts to thrum,  "H-Hello?" Everyone jumps at a voice that clearly isn't Shulkyr's,  "Your friend sounds pretty nerdy." Chetney comments and Ashton snatches the stone,  "Milo?! Why the fuck do they have Shulkyr's stone?!" Ashton gasps and F.C.G. rolls up beside them,  "Oh- it's glowing- ok. It's working. So uh- hey Ashton if you hear this. Your drow friend is here in the Krook house. Effid-" Ashton's eyes blow wide as the message cuts. Leaving a boulder of dread in everyone's gut. Why is Shulkyr at the Krook house? Why didn't they answer the stone? And why the hell is Effid involved?!  "Shit. Shit, shit, shit-!" Ashton drops the stone on the table,  "Ok, new plan. Dorian, Fearne you two walk the baby prince home. F.C.G. come with me. We're going to the Krook house. Everyone else- pass the fuck out." Ashton dishes out orders, swinging their hammer onto their back,  "No way." Orym jumps up with a determined look,  "Yes way, you three are barely standing-" Ashton points at the two sorceresses and then the halfling,  "There's no fucking way we're letting Dorian go alone. So Fearne is going with him. Besides F.C.G. and I are taking a shortcut. Orym-" Ashton locks eyes with the fighter, "-I'm coming back with Shulk. Even if I have to carry that hard ass here myself. It should be two hours. The moment that time strikes, and if I'm not carrying them through the door. You race after us." Ashton finishes and they stare each other down,  "Compromise?" Imogen quietly squeaks and they both glance to her,  "Compromise, no one's happy." Orym parrots Ashton's words from before earning a grim nod,  The entire group splits apart. Dorian and Fearne escort Cyrus to his hiding place. Ashton and F.C.G. splitting from the trio almost halfway there. Racing over to the other spire. The barbarian counting the seconds in their head. Keeping track of just how much time they have. ~•~  Dorian is anxious as he sneaks along with Cyrus. The brothers chat along as they go. Talking about the future, each other, and even Rocky. Falling into friendly bantering as they pass the time and struggle to relieve the tension. Eventually reaching the safe house. The pair stop and fumble with their goodbyes. Cyrus putting his hand on the door before he stops. Eyeing his little brother for a moment longer. Trying to find the words.   "Dorian." The other genasi hums and perks up,  "Uh- Yes?" He quirks a brow and glances to the sky. Revealing his own anxiety.  "This friend of yours- Shulkyr. They seem to worry you a lot." Cyrus leans on the door. Prying into the subject that is weighing so heavily on them all. Cyrus may not be very world wise, but he knows his baby brother.  "Oh well- Shulkyr is- They're-" Dorian sighs and rubs his face,  "Is something is wrong with them?" Cyrus presses and Dorian nods,  "Yeah. We're worried about them, they disappear a lot and one night we found them injured and lying in blood. Then there's their temper-" Dorian trails off and the two shuffle. Cyrus trying to read his brother. Trying to put together all the information he's been given.  "So uh- do you have theories about that?" Cyrus prods and Dorian glances at his brother,  "Well-" Dorian trails off and runs a hand through his hair. He does have one theory. He's just terrified to admit the theory to anyone. After all, it is one immense accusation to make. The brothers stand there in silence. Before Cyrus crumbles under the tension.  "If- If by chance your mysterious drow is hiding something. You know you can vent to me, right?" Cyrus asks and Dorian flushes,  "I-" Dorian sighs and gives a slow nod, "-Yeah, I know. I know." Cyrus gives his baby brother a weak smile. Before reaching over and ruffling Dorian's hair. The younger genasi huffs and playfully glares at Cyrus.  "I hate it when you do that." Dorian huffs at him, trying to fix his hair,  "Hehe- I know. Goodnight little brother." With that Cyrus and Dorian part ways. The younger genasi tries his best to carefully sneak his way to the tavern. Hoping not to draw anyone's attention to the safe house. Maybe he should buy a duller coat for things like this? Or he could ask Shulkyr for tips. They probably have to know a bit about being sneaky. If they ever feel like being around. Honestly, Dorian is starting to think they're trying to ditch the group as a whole. That thought puts a sour taste in his mouth. If Shulkyr leaves them, would it really be a surprise?~•~  "Wow Ashton, I didn't realize you knew so many shortcuts!" F.C.G. chirps rolling along with the genasi. Who's used every trick they have to slip inside the other Spire quickly and quietly. Their promise to the group keeping them on a borderline run the whole journey.   "Yeah, perks of growing up somewhere Letters. You'll learn." Ashton answers as they turn a corner. Appearing in front of the Krook house. Where they find Milo pacing outside the door.  "Milo!" Ashton shouts causes them to jump, before spinning to face Ashton head on. Relief flooding their features as they slouch.   "Ashton! Geez, I was starting to worry I didn't get that stone to work." Milo sighs, shaking said stone. Which is no longer hanging from Shulkyr's beloved necklace.  "You did, but there's a word limit. I heard Effid and it cut." Ashton explains as Milo throws them the stone. Which The genasi catches and pockets. The trio slipping inside before carrying on.  "Shit, my bad."   "Yea, now where the fuck are they?" Ashton asks, scanning the place for Shulkyr. Laying their eyes on Anni who's strumming away on her repaired lute. The half orc just nods towards the hall without looking up.  "In your room."  "Wh- Fuck, why my room?!"  "It's your friend. Your room." Anni snaps back even as Ashton storms past her. While F.C.G. lingers behind. Looking between the pair.  "I- I know this may be a bit of a hassle for you, but I have to ask. What was the rest of the message Milo?" F.C.G. looks up at the inventor with their big blues. Causing the other to hum and look down.  "Oh no hassle letters, it's just- I was working on my new invention inspired by your creepy friend with the rat when I heard a knock. Got up, and I opened the door to your drow friend unconscious on the threshold, and Effid standing over them."  Letters blinks at that, baffled, "Effid, the bird friend of Ashton, brought Shulkyr here to you guys? Did he say anything, or-?"  Anni cuts in to answer the robot, "Cackled, did his usual creepy shit, and told us to - 'Use the stone and call the Cracked One. It seems their stray was wandering where they don't belong.' Then he fucked off and left them there."   "Oh dear, that doesn't sound good." The pair look at each other and then back at F.C.G.  "It really isn't." They both state it with such dead expressions. Causing the robot to grow even more worried. F.C.G. announces they'll be back after checking in on Shulkyr and Ashton. Beginning to roll their way to the barbarian's room.  Ashton's still standing at the side of their bed. Looking the drow over. "Fuck, Fuck, Fuck."   Shulkyr almost looks as bad as when they found them lying in a pool of their blood. The only differences are this time they're equipped with their crossbow and all their jewelry, and the wounds are visible. What looks like claw marks, too big for shade creepers, are raked along their form. It's everywhere, along their arms, back, torso, and their legs. Ashton moves Shulkyr just a bit to see claw marks on their neck and on their face. Not a single place has been left unmarked. They must have been bleeding badly from it all, the wounds look like they had been deep, but it's clear someone stitched them up.   "Fuck Shulk, what shit did you get in too?!" Ashton hisses as F.C.G. rolls into the room.   "By Golly! Shulkyr!" The robot rolls over yet the drow remains unresponsive. Their mask is currently placed over their eyes. Though Ashton knows it was likely Milo who did it. Since they've seen Shulkyr with the mask. They wonder if it's even helping them anymore.  "They got fucked up."  "No doubt! Effid wasn't kidding."  "Effid?! Shit is he still here?!" Ashton spins suddenly worried they missed the avian in their hurry,  "Afraid not, my apologies for misleading you Ashton! I had meant Milo told me about Effid and the rest of the message." F.C.G. clarifies and Ashton relaxes. Leading into the robot explaining what Milo had told them. Ashton drops beside Shulkyr. Their head in their hands as they groan. Trying to piece everything together.   "Fuuuck." None of it is connecting right. They have the feeling there's one piece missing from the whole thing. That one piece that would make everything magically make sense. But no matter how hard they think they can't draw up anything. Mix the frustration with the aches and wounds from today. It's all causing a painful pulse in the back of the genasi's head; growing particularly sharp behind their milky eye. F.C.G. watches Ashton mumble and curse for a bit. Before carefully putting their hand on Ashton's knee.  "I'd hate to break your focus Ashton, but you did say two hours. If we don't want everyone racing here and kicking down the door. We best carry Shulkyr back to the tavern." F.C.G. gently reminds the barbarian who nods along,  "Yeah, you're right, but- fuck letters. Someone did a number on Birdie." Ashton sighs and gets to their feet. Spinning to lift the drow off their bed. Taking them into their arms in a princess carry.  "That's true! Maybe when they wake up. We can ask them what happened?" F.C.G. suggests as they start the trek back,  "Oh, we're talking when they wake up. This shit can't keep happening." Ashton growls as they enter the main room. Getting Anni and Milo's attention.  "Hey so- is everything good?" Milo asks their eyes flicking between the unconscious drow and Ashton,  "Nope." Ashton answers and Anni snorts. Just before they leave. Ashton stops at the door. F.C.G. oblivious just rolls past the frozen genasi.  "Hey Milo."   "Uh Yeah?" Milo stands taller seeing the barbarian looking over their shoulder at them,  "One more question."  "Course Ashton, what's up?"  "Where the fuck is Shulkyr's necklace?" Ashton watches confusion wash over Milo's face. The inventor tilting their head. F.C.G. stops in their tracks. Looking back at the barbarian. Annie's strumming stops and turns the room dead silent. Dread builds up in the genasi, who's afraid they already know the answer.   "Uh- I- I'm sorry Ashton, but what necklace?"

   The group are collecting their things to go to the Krook house. Practically scrambling around Orym. Who's sitting on a bench counting the remaining time. Ashton had said two hours. It's been an hour and forty minutes. When he counts the fiftieth minute mark. Fearne gasps and leans over the railing.  "Shulkyr!" The entire group nearly throws themselves trying to catch sight of their friend. Chetney climbing up over the railing first, and spotting the drow for the first time.  "Jesus Christ! What happened to her?!" Each go wide eyed in horror at what they see. Ashton has stepped through the door joined by F.C.G. Carrying their bloodied and shredded companion in their arms.   "Ashton, what happened?!" Imogen mentally reaches out to the genasi who winces. The duo are quick to come up to the second floor. Ashton choosing not to answer Imogen just yet. Instead focusing on getting a helping hand.  "Hey, if you've got healing we fucking need it!"  "Yeah! Yeah I've got some. Here, give them to me." Fearne waves and sits down. Letting Ashton put the injured drow in her lap. Fearne embraces Shulkyr, letting their head rest against her shoulder. Her hands dimly glowing and growing flowers and ivy around the drow's limbs as she uses cure wounds on their companion.  "Ashton! What in the world happened?!" Dorian whisper yells at the other genasi,  "That doesn't look like wounds from the wall." Orym grimly notes before focusing on Ashton. He may barely be standing, but his worry is enough to fuel him. Just for a bit longer.  All eyes are on the Krook duo. F.C.G. rolls up and starts to explain. While Ashton drops into a chair and slouches. Holding their face in their hand. Staying silent as F.C.G. tells them about what Milo and Anni had told them. Including the bit about Shulkyr already being unconscious when Effid arrived with them.  "And you didn't press further? You didn't go interrogate Effid?!"   "I'm glad they didn't. At least not after that wall and alone." Orym counters, still focusing on Ashton. Despite F.C.G. doing all the talking.  "So what's the big thing?" Orym pries, earning confused noises from a few of the others. Ashton sighs and sits up locking eyes with the halfing.  "Someone stole their sending stone." The entire party jumps, confused at first,  "But didn't Milo call us? They had to have used the stone?" Laudna ponders for a moment. When realization strikes Imogen who gasps.  "No!" Her cry causes everyone to look at her. The same realization dawns on each of them after seeing her expression.  "Wait- You mean their sending stone!? As in- they're beloved sending stone from, as far as we know, the only person Shulkyr trusts?!" Imogen glances at Shulkyr. By the divine, what is their reaction gonna be? Besides their weapon and that stone. Shulkyr hasn't shown a particular fondness for anything other than tea. It wouldn't be a stretch to think those two things are their only valuable belongings.   "That's the one." Ashton grumbles and Fearne tilts her head,  "Did you see if maybe Effid took it? Fresh Cut Grass did say he's the one who gave Milo our stone." Orym asks and Ashton shakes their head,  "Nope, didn't have the time." Ashton's answer makes the party shuffle awkwardly. It makes sense, but they can't help the guilt that bubbles in them.   "Well- You were going to go to Effid in the morning anyways right?" Imogen asks, playing with her hair out of nerves. Getting Ashton's attention on her.  "Maybe if they're awake, you and Shulkyr can go check it out. While we all help Chetney checkout Gurge's place for clues." She pushes the idea and everyone is quick to agree,   "And! We can all meet back up outside of the prison. Since that's the other place we could check!" Laudna adds and there are mumbles of agreement.   "Sounds good to me." Ashton agrees, downing another glass before struggling to their feet. The aches and wounds are getting to be too much even for them. Especially after carrying Shulkyr so far so quickly. The pain causes the barbarian to stagger.   "Shit. Alright, give'em here." He gestures to Fearne who perks up,  "Oh! Are you taking Shulkyr with you?" She asks even as she gets to her hooves. Letting Ashton take back the drow.  "Considering how often we find them fucked up in the morning. Yeah." Everyone's eyes widen and it hits them. Why didn't they have someone room with Shulkyr sooner? That could solve so many issues.   "Fair, that's fair." Dorian nods, running a hand through his hair,  "I take it that's the night for all of us? Yes?" He looks around and everyone agrees. Yeah, this is where they're all calling it a night. Split apart, everyone goes to their rooms. F.C.G. rolling beside Ashton to make sure they don't fall over before they get into bed. Chetney ends up joining Fearne in her bed. Much to Dorian's despair and Orym's tired amusement. Imogen and Laudna stumbling back to their own room.  Ashton kicks the door shut once F.C.G. rolls inside. Each attending to their own needs. The robot takes the corner up for their stasis. While Aston takes the drow over to the bed.  Getting a knee on the bed to put them down against the wall with Shulkyr's back to it. Ashton manages to remove their hammer and their boots. Dropping them to the floor before they collapse beside the drow. Their back put to the door purely by chance. They wouldn't acknowledge otherwise, not right now, they refuse.   Ashton sighs and closes their eyes. Finally managing to slip into sleep out of sheer exhaustion. They're here for Shulkyr. Yet they can't help hoping they don't have a rough night. Ashton doesn't trust they'd be much help to them in this state. But they'd try, by the gods, they're trying.~•~

  Everything aches when I finally start feeling my body. Twitching as my nerves start to register the pain. Huffing, I fail to open my eyes. The weight of my lids are too much to move right now. Giving up, I focus on what my other senses tell me.   Shifting I feel I'm lying on something soft. Mostly likely a bed based on the give. My ears twitch when I hear quiet snoring turn into a snort. Someone is sleeping close to me, very close to me. Something about the noise is familiar. I haven't heard this sound, but it sounds like a voice I know. I just- I just can't place it with my head swimming like this. Flaring my nose, I take in the smells. Hoping that will give me my answer. Several things hit me. There's the smell of cotton from the sheets, a definite smell of cheap liquor, stale blood, oil, and sweat. The living smell with oil tells me exactly who's beside me. As I've only met two people with that particular mix, and only one is a routine drinker and bloodied fighter.  "Ashton?" My voice is horrid, breaking from soreness and lack of water. Fuck, I need water, my mouth feels like cotton and it hurts. Finally prying open my eyes. I'm greeted by the night sky. Ah, I'm wearing the mask. Reaching up, I just manage to remove the piece. Letting it fall beside my head.  When my eyes adjust to the light. I see I'm right. Ashton is lying barely a foot away from me. Their back to the door of the room. They're also the source of the snoring. Of course Ashton snores, I'd be more shocked if they didn't, their nose has to have been broken countless times.   Giving them a once over. I see they're still dressed. Only having managed to remove their boots before knocking out. They didn't even wash off the blood and acidic remains from the mimic fight. Oh, there's no way I'm waking them up. They look as shit as I feel.   Rather than shake them awake. I try to push myself up. Only for pain to sear through me. My eyes blow wide as I choke. Shaking from the feeling of countless wounds screaming at me. Looking down, I see I got shredded even worse than I had thought. Quaking, I stare at the sheer amount of stitched up wounds. Fresh blood even starts leaking from some. Shit, Shit, Shit!   'Imogen!' I mentally reach out for the sorceress. Hoping she's awake enough to hear me. If she can even hear me. Can she hear others reach out for her, or is it only one way?   I don't get my answer as I let out a pained whine. Watching the mask start to faintly glow. Phantom sighing filling my ears.  'Its not even be two minutes.' That's all he says before some magic pulses off the mask. Releasing a small electrical shock that goes right for the earth genasi. Causing their entire form to jump and shake. Before I can scold the spirit, Ashton hisses. Groaning as their eyes open. Locking gazes with mine almost immediately. It takes a second before they react. Leaping into a sit with a curse.  "Shulk, Fuck, don't move." They scold and narrow their gaze at me. Spinning and snatching something off the bedside table. Whistling loudly before chucking it into the corner.  "Letters! Need you." There's a clink and whirring follows after. Did they just throw something at F.C.G?   "I'm here Ashton!" F.C.G. rolls up and big blues spot me.   "Oh! Shulkyr you've woken up! Oh and you're bleeding! That's no good, here, I can assist!" F.C.G. is too short to reach me from the floor. Which only manages to be an issue for two seconds. As Ashton takes charge and picks me up. Putting me on the edge of the bed with a quick turn. Letting the robot put their metal claw on my knee. Causing a warm rush to flow through me. The slightly bleeding wounds close after a moment. The stinging pain being soothed by the calming sensation of F.C.G's magic. My eyes flutter and I shudder in relief.   "Is there anything else you need, Shulkyr? More rest? Another spell? Perhaps a glass of water?" F.C.G. offers and I nod a little too fast at that. Making my vision fill with dots.  "Alrighty! I'll be back with a glass! You can sit here with Ashton until I return. I'll be back in a jiffy!" The robot promises and is quick to end up out the door. Leaving me alone with the earth genasi at my back. Which leads me to my new, most immediate problem. Sitting up is taking far too much effort. But I don't want to set my weight on their own aching form.  "So- can you even talk right now?" Ashton asks and I shake my head, making sure not to jumble my brain this time,  "Fuck, Alright. That works." Ashton grumbles, and I try my best to look over my shoulder. But the action makes my sight go static.   "Bad news or good news?" Ashton prompts and I dryly swallow. Unable to speak, I just manage to shrug. Wincing when it pulls at my wounds. By the Divine, how am I going to be able to do anything like this?  "Fuck, alright, bad first." Ashton decides for me and honestly that works.  "I don't know how much you remember. But Effid dropped you off at the Krook house and gave Milo our sending stone to get us to come get you. But your stone is missing." Ashton hits me with news as quick as he can. Once it hits me. I nearly leap out of my skin. Causing another burst of searing pain. Doubling over, Ashton curses and has to catch me.   "Yeah, yeah. Fuck, I was expecting that. I'm sorry. I don't know if Effid has it. I'm checking this morning. Fuck, breath Shulk, breathe." Ashton holds onto me as I panic. My senses are blowing out as I shake. My sending stone is gone? Who would have taken it? It couldn't have been- No, no, I had it then. I got out of there and it was still around my neck. Where did I go? What happened? Why can't I-? No, no, no! This is not the time for my curse to mess with my head!   'It's never the time. Unfortunately, a fractured mind is the price for your unconquerable strength.'  Where is it? I know you know where it is. My curse may break my mind. But I know you're aware. Who took it? Did I just drop it?  'Hmm? Do I know? I believe you're giving me more credit than I deserve in that regard. No, I know everything but which you ask. As the trouble you get into can become quite a blur. At any point in which your precious stone could have been lost. Though is that not the case in any storm?'   Fuck you! You smug bastard! Just tell me where my damn stone is! My world shifts as my gaze fixes on the ceiling. My eyes are stinging and I'm gasping and- when did I start crying? Fuck, am I really crying in front of Ashton?! My attention snaps back to the world around me. Taking in what happened while I lost in my panic.  I'm no longer slouched over the edge of the bed. Threatening to fall onto the floor. Only anchored by the arm around my torso. Now, I'm lying back practically resting on Ashton. My head on their shoulder. That arm still solid around my middle. Ashton shockingly lets me have my break down in peace. Just making sure I don't hurt myself in the process.   Choking and shaking, I let the panic rush and take me out of it again. Sobbing and quaking and I think I scream at some point. I don't completely register the fit. Only coming back when F.C.G. returns. Their expression twisted into one of worry. How they can have such a worried expression with so little is bizarre to me. Ashton takes the glass from them and passes it to me.   "I take it you told them about the sending stone?" Orym's voice hits my ears as I down the water. The cool shock feels heavenly to my system.   "Yeah." Ashton answers, taking the cup when the drink is gone.  "I take it they're upset." Orym continues talking to Ashton like I'm not here. Good, I can't hold a conversation right now.   "No shit." Ashton answers and I drop my gaze. Seeing the entire party is here. Including a new face that I instantly don't like. Who is he?  "Shulkyr-" My gaze moves to Orym who approaches me, "-We'll find it. Even if we have to put everything else on pause. I promise." The halfling puts a hand on my knee. Slowly nodding I keep my eyes locked with his.  "It will be hard, but I need you to be honest with us just this once." Orym presses and I take a deep breath.   "I'm with Orym on this Shulk-" Breaking my stare down with Orym. My gaze flicks to Imogen and Laudna. The purple haired one flinches and Laudna finishes her statement for her. "-We want to help! We will help. But we don't have a clue where to start unless you tell us. We did make an agreement at the start of this didn't we?" Laudna hums and tilts her head,  "Well- You did mention you would keep secrets and lie, and that is fair, we accepted that. But you also promised you would tell us if you need to leave, remember?" She cooes and despite my better judgment. I can't help finding the warlock endearing. How can someone so outwardly eerie be so sweet to someone so rude?   "That was the deal." Ashton grumbles from behind me,  "Compromise?" Dorian speaks up for the first time. Giving me a tense look. The fire and intensity of it being a blatant tell. Clearly, he's been thinking about this for a while. Swallowing, I close my eyes and clear my throat.   "I can compromise." My voice still sounds awful, but it's better than it was before Ashton awoke. That's something at least.   "Alright, so can we." Orym nods and I look across the group,  "One question each? That sounds fair right?" Fearne suggests, smiling at the rest. They all look at me. Checking for permission. I confirm I'm good with a silent bounce of my chin.   Dorian nods and clears his throat, "Alright so- who's first?" He asks as the group starts. Playfully bickering and trying to figure out who gets to ask the first question.  "The fuck is wrong with you?" An unknown voice cuts them all off. All eyes pin on the stranger. Some weird elderly gnome equipped with wood working tools. Slowly tilting my head, I stare at the stranger.   "Oh, uh right- Shulkyr this is Chetney. He's someone we were going to help. We met him after the wall fight." Dorian introduces the gnome and I stare.   "Right, Chetney-" Fearne steps over to the gnome. Her arms going dark as embers start floating off her limbs. "-This is a very private matter, and I think you're bothering our Shulkyr." Fearne states, poking his oversized red nose with a black claw.   "Well- I was just asking. Something is obviously up, I didn't mean to pry." The gnome's tone changes and I recognize the effects of charm magic instantly. I didn't realize Fearne could do that too.  "I know you didn't, but you did and now you've made us both very upset. Why don't you step outside? Or I can make you." Swallowing, I watch the gnome nod. Eagerly following the fawn's orders. Her voice barely changed, and yet she seems three times as threatening. Something inside me also comments that she seems a lot more of something else too, but I kick that part back down.  Fearne closes the door behind him and locks it. Turning back to me with a smile. Her fire and black veins fading away. Returning the fawn to her usual gentle self.   "Ok, so who gets the real first question?" She looks around and when no one jumps for it she nods,  "Alright, I'll take it." Fearne takes the silence as the sign she gets to go first.   "Shulkyr?" Fearne calls my name and I hum,  "You're very upset about your stone. Which is understandable. Is it because you love the person who has the other one?" Fearne asks and my eyes widen. That wasn't the question I was expecting. Do I love him? I know I trust him.   "He's- He's someone I trust a lot." I mumble still thinking about it,  "Like you trust him with your life? Or you trust him to take you home after getting sloshed?" Fearne asks for clarification,  "I trust him to know my secrets." I answer by choosing a different option I feel fits better. After the affirmation, I nod a bit. Saying it out loud helps me sort my thoughts. It's surprising. "I think I do love him to some extent."  Fearne tilts her head and hums, "I'll accept that. Alright, Who's next?"   "I think-" Dorian starts and steps up, "-I think to get to the heart of the matter. I should ask my question next." Everyone gives Dorian the center stage.   "Shulkyr, now you could argue it's pure coincidence, but it's happened enough I have to ask." Dorian swallows and I watch him gather his courage. Realization hitting me before he finishes. Does he really-?  "Dorian, where are you going with this?" Laudna asks getting in the genasi's space. He jumps and his gaze flicks between me and her.  "I'm going- I'm-" Dorian sighs and spins to face me spitting out, "-Shulkyr, are you the werewolf?"   Dead silence follows after as everyone takes in the question. I guess that was bound to happen. My disappearances and the beast showing up simply line up too well. They're not stupid, I shouldn't be shocked someone saw the pattern. Yet fear and the urge to hurl out of sheer panic are twisting in my stomach.   "Dorian-" Imogen starts like she's unsure how to continue her sentence. "-What- How long have you been thinking about this?" She demands and Orym turns around,  "That is a big accusation to make without talking to us first." Orym states, not necessarily scolding the bard. Just gently stating a fact. Almost like a parent reminding their child of their manners.   "He makes a good point though. Shulkyr does always disappear and the werewolf follows after." Fearne hums, and Mister screeches in agreement.   "Shit, we're talking about that now?" Ashton asks and I turn my head. Seeing the genasi looks surprised, but not nearly as much as they should be. So apparently Dorian isn't the only one to make the connection.  "I mean- Chetney did kind of confirm it didn't he?" Imogen asks and is twirling a lock of her hair,  "He said he saw the werewolf right behind Dorian just before he destroyed the wall. He didn't see Shulkyr transform, but you disappeared and well- it does make sense." Imogen states, partly hiding behind Laudna. As if she's afraid I'll snap at her. I wish she wasn't, but that's what I get for losing my temper. Everyone goes quiet again and focuses back on me. Waiting for me to confirm their assumptions. I'd squirm under their focus if it wouldn't make me cry in sheer agony. There's no real way to not answer this question is there? It's a yes or no. Mustering my courage I get ready for the betrayal. Mind already racing through all the ways I can get out. It'll be harder without my stone-  "Yeah." Silence. Deafening, painful silence that makes my heart fill my ears.   "Well- that makes things a bit more difficult doesn't it?" Laudna hums tapping her chin,  Ashton snorts from behind me, "Yeah, no shit." They sigh and everyone else mumbles and shrugs.  "It makes things extremely difficult." Dorian presses, "The Wilders are on a manhunt for said werewolf. You can't seem to control the fact you're a werewolf. We're all openly associated with you. We told Eshteross and Yash about the werewolf. Which means they are both actively looking and it will lead them back to us!" Dorian is pacing and I watch him,   "Difficult-" Dorian chuckles, the wild and upset kind of chuckle, "-This isn't difficult. This is absurd deal breaking!" Dorian spins wide eyed and noticeably shaking with anger,  "Do you realize the position you've put us all in? How dangerous you've made this- for all of us?" He's basically hissing at me now. I don't pull back or wince. Just taking the verbal assault head on. Letting Dorian rant as I slouch. Taking the disappointment and anger. Until his words start losing form. Only their tone comes through. Until I'm back home, back on the floor. Everything's already hurting and she's yelling. She's still yelling. Is she going to hit me again?  "No!" Imogen's voice fills my ears, cutting off a ranting Dorian,  "Imogen?"  "No, no, what thought is that? Why would you-?" Imogen sounds terrified and I barely manage to lift my gaze. Seeing her step out from beside Laudna. Staring at me in wide eyed horror.   "Imogen, I really don't think now is a good time to read their thoughts." Orym gently scolds her and the woman swallows,  "I'm- I'm sorry." She apologies even as she keeps eyeing me,   "Fuuuck." Ashton groans, and suddenly I'm moving. They have no trouble putting me aside. Moving me to rest against the wall. Finally letting me see the earth genasi head on since waking up. Their hands settle on my arms. Not pressing hard as to not hurt me anymore, but pressing enough to hold my attention.   "Ok, look-" Ashton sighs and makes me look at them, "-Dorian's right. This is fucking huge, and one hell of a complication. You really should have said this shit sooner. But, believe it or not, it's not the worst fucking thing someone's hid from me. So yeah, I'm probably taking this better than I should be." Ashton declares and for a moment I can't help wondering. What the hell is worse than learning one of your teammates is secretly a werewolf? My gaze flicks to their slag glass and milky eye. The implication of their words sinking in.   "We can work around this, I said we would, and we will. That was part of the deal. I don't break my fucking deals. It's bad for business." Ashton jokes and despite myself. I start shaking with barely restrained laughter.   "Laughing huh? Yeah, I'm fucking hilarious." Ashton makes my laughter worse with their comment. They sigh with a small smile plastered onto their face. Letting my hands latch onto their bieceps.   "You know what else is funny? Pretty sure that's not even the biggest secret in this group." Ashton comments and turns to look at everyone else, "I mean come on. Dorian is secretly a prince and has an equally royal big brother who is working for the fucking Corsairs, Imogen has weird psychic powers she still hasn't explained, Laudna is literally an undead with creepy ass powers who hasn't explained her powers, Orym is on a mission hunting down someone who had the balls to attack a leader of a nation, no one knows what the fuck Fearne's deal is, Fresh Cut Grass is a robot who woke up surrounded by their dead friends and no memories, and I have a lot of my own shit." Ashton finishes their rant, gesturing to all of themself.  "I mean- just fucking look at me." Ashton urges and despite myself. I've crumbled into a giggling fit. I can't make it stop. Even when I feel tears fall down my cheeks. Why am I crying? Why am I giggling? What is this? I'm feeling oddly light headed and yet I still feel awful. This isn't relief, is it?   "Alright." I hear Dorian sigh and I struggle to see him through the tears. Everyone of them blurred beyond recognition at the moment.  "Alright, that's a fair point." Dorian chuckles, honestly he sounds like he's in the same state I am. The two of us just giggling out of sheer delirium. Being the only noise in the room for a while. Until we eventually come down from- whatever the fuck that was.  "This doesn't mean we aren't hurt, Shulkyr." Orym chirps and I look at the halfling,  "You scared us a lot by keeping this secret. So don't be surprised if we're upset. Even if we do forgive you. This is going to take some time and work to get over. If you stay." Orym gently reminds me of my other option. The option to leave. The one I was promised from the get go.  "Shulkyr won't leave will they? We know now, so there's no reason to right? Shulk?" Fearne looks at me with wide eyes. Like she can't get why I would run. Wouldn't it be pointless to leave after they learned the secret anyways?   "That's their decision." Ashton answers,  "But- You won't leave before we get your stone back will you?" Fearne pushes the matter, "You'll at least stay until then, right?" She's staring at me with wide hopeful eyes,  Slowly nodding, I decide that she makes a good point, "Yeah, Yeah. I'll stay until then. Guaranteed." I whisper and she beams,  "Ok! That's good! We're all good!" She giggles and everyone slowly agrees,   "So, we're going with our original plan?" Orym asks and that gets quicker agreement from the rest.   "Perfect, now let's go face the day." Orym takes the lead and I nod. Alright, I can at least stay until I get my stone back. I can do that. I can do at least that.   'Oh? You think so?'

   The group takes the time to tell me what happened the night before. Including the reveal of Dorian's real name, Brontë. After a few more heals, the party begins to question me again. "So what happened after you left? Where did you go, who did this?" Imogen asks and gestures to all my wounds. Which have magically healed over. Thanks to the teamwork of Fearne and F.C.G.  "I- I don't- my mind-." They are already aware of my condition. I even admitted to it. Yet, I find specifying certain aspects of it difficult. Especially this particular weakness.  "Shulkyr?" Imogen's voice rings in my mind. Tilting my head I swallow.  "I apologize. It's just- my mind. The curse it- I can't-" Growling, I rub the bridge of my nose. This is the stupidest thing. Why can't I get this little bit out?  'Because you're an untrusting stray, whose pride is at sharp disposition with your mangled state.' The spirit hisses with a mocking chuckle,  "If it helps." Imogen says out loud,  "If this is like a- a memory thing. Ashton doesn't have the best memory either." Imogen gives me a small smile and I snort,  "Memory thing? Does this curse affect your memories?" Laudna questions and I give a small nod,  "Sometimes." I sigh and everyone hums and chatters,  "Sometimes- I remember bits and pieces, but for the most part my mind isn't mine when I'm transformed."  "So is that why you didn't just tell us where Dugger was?" Fearne asks and I sigh, was wondering when that would come up.  "Yes, I'm afraid I have no memory of my chase with Dugger." My only memory from that night. Is a moment where the matron's power washed over me. Returning my mind for, but a moment. Though now it's hazed enough that all I remember is that single word, Lieve'tel.  "Ok, so if you don't actually remember what happens when you transform. Then chances are- you have no idea what happened last night." Dorian gives a frustrated sigh,  "It's ridiculous, I know." There's few things more frustrating than the fact the curse rends my mind.   "Shit alright, while that doesn't help. We have somewhere to start with Effid. Let's go." Ashton gets the momentum of the day rolling. Shocking as they seem like the least likely to do such a thing. It's appreciated when we head into the tavern. Grabbing breakfast, Ashton buying ale and pausing.  "So- the night after we played What The Fuck is Up With That. When we found you fucked up the morning after. Is that the normal or-?" They start and raise a brow. Waiting for me to answer the question.   "I usually don't drink because it doesn't blend well with my-" I look around the tavern and sigh, "-ailment."   "Shit. Fair enough, what do you drink? No intolerance or other shit we should know about?" They press and F.C.G. rolls up next to me,  "Oh, this is a great question Ashton! If we can avoid things that would aggravate Shulkyr's condition it would be ideal!" The robot praises the genasi who hums,  "I- milk makes me feel ill, but otherwise no." I answer with an amused smile. Hearing a pained gasp, I look back. Seeing Fearne looking at me in wide eyed horror.   "You can't drink milk?" She asks me and I shift,  "I- Well no, no. I can do it just- I'll just be sick for days after. Probably hurling even." She covers her mouth in a horrified look,  "Alright no drink, no milk, and that leaves-" Ashton hits their fist on the counter. Calling for the barkeep. "-Hey, can I have some of that cider?"   "Cider? You want cider, Ashton?" The giant lion seems baffled and the genasi rolls their eyes,  "Fuck no, it's for my-" Ashton glances at me. Before making an almost clicking noise, "-Just some for Birdie, not me. Fuck, you know I hate that shit." The feline man blinks,  "Did you almost say your frie-?"  "Fuck off!" Ashton groans and Ishir grins,  "Alright! One cider coming up. Is this the alcohol free kind?" Ishir raises a brow,  "Yeah, liquor makes them sick." The barkeep winces,  "Damn, now that is the biggest misfortune I've heard of. You got it. Just let me go grab it." The beast walks into the back. Disappearing for a while and I smirk.  "Here I thought I was the only one getting interrogated this morning, gemstone." I bump shoulders with the genasi and they snort,  "Oh, kiss my ass." They do the same, more gentle than I would expect. But I'm finding Ashton's actually pretty soft under their rough edges. Not too different from the stones, they're so similar too.   "At least I'm not the only one with shit memory." Ashton scuffs as they take a drink, morning ale.   "I don't think it's a good thing when the one person whose memory is as bad as your own. Has problems because of something as big as this." I retort gesturing to my person and he snorts,  "Fuck you."  "Fuck you." There's no venom in the exchange and we both end up chuckling,  "Ah ha!" Ishir returns with three small barrels. "Finally found em! Sorry, I don't have much because barely anyone likes them. Though I do have three flavors. Which would you like? I've got pear, an apple blossom cider, and a honey cinnamon one. The last one is like liquid pie." The lion man laughs and Ashton smirks,  "One of each and buy a glass?" He mocks,  "If you take a shot with me." I smirk at Ashton, who makes a face.  "I'll give the shots for free if you both do it!" Ishir laughs, grinning at the genasi, earning him a side eye.  "Fine, fuck it! Give me a glass." Ashton gives and my smirk turns grows into a smile. The barkeep gives us each a shot. Also grinning from ear to ear.  "Pear?" Fearne eagerly asks as we both down the cup. Taking in the taste for a moment. Overall, I'm feeling a bit indifferent to the taste.  Ashton gags, "Fuck why is that so bitter?"   "No sugar." I choke feeling a bit of sting in my eyes. They're right, it is bitter as fuck. It just doesn't hit until a moment after.   "Ok that's a no on the pear, apple blossom?" We're given water to rinse before taking a drink. This one is sweeter, having an almost flowery taste. What's odd is the bubbly nature of the drink. How can a drink bubble?  "Fuuucck, it's like- fancy, angry juice." Ashton makes a face and I can't help a small burst of laughter. They can't help finding the perfect way to describe these drinks. Even if it's in the most crude way possible.  "It doesn't taste bad, but that is a weird texture, yeah." We rinse again and spit.   "So about pie-"  "Kiss my ass, Ashton." The genasi snickers as we taste the third shot. Letting the taste wash around. My eyes slowly widen as I take in the taste. What. The. Fuck?!   "What-?!" Ashton sounds as baffled as I am. "How?" There's a cinnamon and apple twist to the drink. It tastes exactly like pie and not just normal pie. The sweetness of honey blends with a refreshing apple. Ending with a tart bite and hint of spice. Not failing to fill my thirst, but making me want to drink more despite it.  For a moment, I'm along the coast again. Enjoying the festivities with my team. Begrudgingly eating a slice of pie from some recently imported apples. That my vice captain insists will be the recipe to turn my opinion on the dessert. It was their very own family recipe after all! I finished for him, even if it made me sick to do so. While the rest made merry and grew loud. Enjoying their single day away from the dark and soul tearing work of hunting slavers. It's good, it's one of the good days. The golden days.  "Ha! Told you, liquid pie!" Ishir's bragging snaps me back into the moment. Back into the Spire by Fire. Where no festival is taking place and I can't hear the crash of waves. Can't taste the sea in the air. Can't hear my team's laughter.   "How is it Shulk? Do you like it?" Fearne pries and F.C.G. pipes up,  "I assume you would-" The robot declares, "-If I remember right, your main complaint about pie was the balance of crust and filling, not necessarily the taste! If this has all the taste of pie, and none of the rest. Logic suggests that this would actually be to your liking."   "So?" Ashton shakes their half empty glass. The drink itself is a nice bronze that turns an amber color in the firelight. The cinnamon flecks swirl in the liquid as black flakes. It's a pretty drink that could easily be mistaken for normal beer. Reaching into my pocket, I pull out fifteen gold. Dropping five to each of them.   "Orym never hears of this. As far as he knows, this is beer." I snatch the glass from a grinning Ashton's hand. They all burst into roaring laughter.  "Sounds good to me!" Ashton pockets the coin, including F.C.G's.  "I'm very good at keeping secrets, promise." Fearne giggles as I finish the shot.   "Right, honey cinnamon. I'll make sure to keep some in stock for your friend here Ashton!" Ishir laughs and Ashton huffs and puffs again. Though they don't bother verbally disagreeing with him this time. Turning, I end up buying an entire flask of the drink. Along with a morning tankard to enjoy right now.   "I'm very happy you found something you can enjoy with us without harming yourself Shulkyr! Though don't forget to eat properly!" F.C.G. happily advises me and I agree. Getting a plate of crispy, honeyed bacon and a bowl of oatmeal filled with fruits. Mostly strawberries and blueberries, some cubed apple slices, and a dash of sugar and cinnamon for some extra coin. Turns out, Ishir is a great cook, as long as you're willing to pay him for the extra effort.  Once I get my plate, with plenty of complaints from Ashton. Mostly consisting of 'the fuck?' 'You never offered me this shit.' and 'Why do they get a discount?! The fuck Ishir?!'. We join the rest at the table they found. Ashton, Fearne, and F.C.G. settle down with me. Inserting ourselves in their morning chatter.  Ashton chose a banana, while everyone else has eggs and toasts. Making us once again the odd ones out. Though I keep having to defend my oatmeal from them and Fearne. "Get your own oatmeal damn you." I hiss at Fearne who giggles when I hear a crunch. Looking right I see Ashton finish scarfing down some bacon. Sighing, I consider cursing the genasi. Would that be an abuse of divine power?   "Fine, I'll share the bacon. Just leave my oatmeal alone, you breakfast vultures." I mutter while picking up my bowl. Hugging it to me and eating my oatmeal. While shooting them both the stink eye.   Ashton makes an eerily realistic bird caw in response. Wearing a smug, lopsided grin as they snatch up more of my bacon. Everyone laughs and asks where the hell they learned to do that. The morning chatter is so light hearted. It almost feels as if I didn't reveal I'm a bearer of a lethal curse less than two hours ago. Eventually the party's attention does return to the night before. Asking Dorian what name he wants to go by.   "I- I prefer Dorian. It's the name you know me by." He flushes as he explains what he'd like.  "It's your chosen name." Fearne nods, smiling and I pause.   "If that's what you want, Dorian, it sounds good to me." My words come out more gentle than I had intended. It makes Dorian jump as he watches me wide eyed.   "I- I mean- it's just- Thank you Shulk." He sighs practically hugging himself and I nod,  "Think nothing of it, Dorian. It's common kindness not an act of sainthood." He stares at me as I drink my cider. The shock and open stare makes my chest hurt. For a moment, I'm staring in a mirror and seeing a much younger drow. Hair bleached white, and eyes magically changed to be rose red. Blinking, I shake off the image. Eyes stinging from the threat of more tears. How many times have I cried today alone? More than I have in several years.  "Sweet, Dorian it is. Now, let's finish breakfast and start this investigation properly." Orym decides and everyone agrees. Going quiet, I just listen to the others. Enjoying my oatmeal and cider. Picking up their little quirks and jokes. Just taking in each of them.   Once we finish breakfast we're on our feet. Leaving the tavern and splitting ways. Ashton, Fearne, and I head to Effid's. While the rest head to the Smolder Spire with Chetney. The fawn skips beside me as we follow Ashton. While I nibble on my remaining bacon.   There's a chirping noise and I glance. Seeing Mister in Fearne's hair again. Staring at me wide eyed. When he sees me looking at him. He lifts his hands making grabbing motions at me. My eyes glance down to the bacon I'm nibbling and back up. He makes a screech and my eyes narrow.   "Bacon thieves." I grumble through my bacon,  "Mister, are you trying to ask Shulk for bacon?" Fearne cooes and the monkey screams. Leaping onto her shoulder.  "You have to be nice, Shulk's had a very bad time. If you're nice, maybe they'll give you some bacon?" Fearne keeps babying the animal.  "Shulk, do you like Mister?"  "I don't think I've ever properly met Mister." I state and she perks up,  "Oh! Let me introduce you. Shulkyr, this is Mister, he's my little rolly-polly." She picks up the monkey. Showing him off to me. He's a rolly-polly alright. He's practically an orb. What does the fawn feed you?!  "Mister, this is Shulkyr, they're a very attractive- dog person." She giggles and the monkey chirps. Making a series of noises at me. Raising a brow, I smirk at the 'dog person' comment.   "I'm actually shocked he seems to like me."  "Really? Mister usually likes everyone."  "Everyone?" I press and she hums,  "Well- not everyone. Mister didn't like Dariax very much." Upon hearing the name. The monkey lets out a hellish scream. Thrashing and making Ashton jump and curse in front of us.   "Huh, weird." I finish half my bacon strip. Offering the remains to the fitful monkey. Who stops screeching instantly. Chirping and snatching it up. Practically inhaling the food. Bright fire burst out of his mouth when he burps.  "Rude little monkey aren't you?" I mock and the monkey somehow gets out of Fearne's grasp. Leaping onto my shoulder and sitting there.  "Oh he really likes you Shulk!" Fearne fawns and I scratch the monkey's belly. Earning me a happy noise from the familiar.   "Apparently, it's odd." I state and Fearne tilts her head,  "That he likes you? Do animals usually not like you?"  "No, pretty much every animal I met so far hates me. Except for two reptiles I owned once." I explain enjoying being able to pet a furry animal for the first time in a while. Knowing we've dipped inside the Spire when my dark vision kicks in.  "Well you can always hang out with Mister. And I can turn into an animal for you. Have you pet a cat before? I can turn into a cat." She offers and I flush. I really need to adapt to the fey's oddities. I can't keep losing my tongue during normal chatter.   "Pet Fearne later, we're here." Ashton cuts in and we look up. Seeing the eerie organic house looming in front of us. The last time I stepped in here. I nearly committed murder. Swallowing, I find myself petting the fire spirit out of sheer nerves. Ashton's hand ends up resting on their hammer, and I nearly jump out of my skin when Fearne grabs my free hand.   "Ok, let's go." She's still all smiles and cheery, leading me inside after Ashton.  "Effid!" The genasi shouts and it doesn't take long for the eerie bird to make an appearance.    "Yes, cracked one?" Effid all but sings at Ashton. Getting into their personal space again. I'm torn between growling at the bird, and cowering into Fearne's side.   "Look Effid, shit happened last night." Ashton starts, flipping the bird a coin,  "Oh, I am aware, it was a whirlwind of chaos." The bird cooes tilting their head, "A certain mutt was limping through the shadows. Torn to shreds by a beast twice their might. If not half their size."   "Noted, Effid, where is their stone?" Ashton presses the point,  "Stone? Did I not give the inventor the stone?" The bird chirps even though his tone implies he's playing dumb, and he's not even bothering to hide it. Bastard.  "You gave Milo our stone. You know this. I mean their stone, the sand dollar. It's important, Effid. Come on man, what's it going to take?" Ashton sighs, their fear of Effid is blatant. Yet it's clear Ashton's pushing the boundaries for my sake. My ears droop and I barely resist whining.   "Ah, the other stone. Yes, that has been lost. I'm afraid, while I managed to pull your companion from the brink, Their beloved item was taken by their assailant." Effid shares and I deflate. Great, in other words, my stone is lost. Focusing on my breathing. I focus on just trying to get enough air. After what it took for King to get it for me-.  "Are you sure you don't know who attacked Shulk?" Fearne pipes up, squeezing my hand. Effid's attention turns on us as a result. The bird swings over to us. Getting far too close for my liking.   "No, I'm afraid I don't. Though you all seem more on the trail than me." The bird croaks and that causes all of us to straighten. What does that mean? "The fuck does that mean Effid?" Ashton draws the bird back, voicing our question.  "Hmm? I believe it would be obvious. It would mean you're already on the trail. Follow your set path, and I assure, Cracked one, you will find the stone you seek." Effid pulls back from Ashton. Choosing now to end the conversation. Ashton tries to catch him, but Effid ignores them this time. Disappearing into the nooks of his home.  "Damnit, fine, let's go." Ashton corrals us out of the building.   "That was quicker than we thought it was gonna be." Fearne hums and squeezes my hand, "It didn't work out, but we'll get your stone Shulk. I promise." Fearne pats my hand, and Mister makes some chirps from my shoulder.   "Yeah, we will. That kind of thing isn't something that won't pop up again. Besides, Effid said we're on the trail. He's being a cryptic asshole about it, but he did tell us we're onto something. That's good. We can work with that." Ashton reassures me and puts a hand on my back. Still careful of my wounds. Despite the fact they've long healed over.  "Let's head to the Smolder Spire. We were quick enough they should still be there." Nodding, the three of us hurry up. Partly because we want to meet up with the rest, and partly because I'm pretty sure we all want to get away from Effid. Not to mention the run is just nice. Despite myself I've always liked a good run. It's just been forever since I've had everyone to run with.   "Don't we have to take one of the cable cars?" Fearne asks skipping along with us,  "Yea, but I know a close one." My stomach nearly leaps into my throat and I make a gagging noise,  "Not a fan?" Ashton smirks, knowing damn well what bothers me. Smacking his side I glare.  "I lived underground, damnit! Leave me alone!" The pair laugh wildly in response to my shout. The three of us sprinting through the Spires at this point. People leaping out of our way. Mister leapt off my shoulder and found his way into my hip pouch. Leaving my other hand free to grab Ashton's. Pulling the genasi along as Fearne leads me. Revealing who's the quickest of us. How can she run so fast on hooves!? The rush of running forces laughter out of my chest. Leading to the other two joining me. At least this part of my morning has been something good.

  As promised, Ashton takes us to a nearby cable car. We pay the fare and slip inside. Still a bit high on the run. I'm not as terrified as I had been, but as the door is slammed shut. The entire box shakes and I take a sharp breath. Ashton puts their hammer down and rests their weight against it.  "Hey, come here." Ashton tugs me and Fearne releases my hand, "Rest against the hammer. Helps feel grounded and balanced." Ashton chuckles and I glare at them. Smacking their good shoulder before leaning into the hammer. Finding that it's hefty weight does help ground me after a moment.   "I mean I like the cars. They're nice." Ashton comments as the cart starts to noticeably sway.  "Oh noo, we're gonna fall." Fearne giggles and I practically latch onto Ashton and their hammer,  "Fearne!!" She giggles and stops shaking the cable car,  "Sorry, it's fun." Fearne chirps and I sigh,  "Hey, if it falls. We'll die instantly, no pain." Ashton presses like that is supposed to help,  "And if it doesn't?"  "From a height like this? Doubt it." They shrug and I shift. Resisting punching the genasi again. When I pull my hand back, I brush what feels like a large chain. Curious, I look down and spot something.  "Is that a giant gold chain?" Ashton hums and glances down,  "Oh yeah." They confirm and I see an emblem swing from the end. It takes me a moment, but I eventually place it as a religious symbol.  "Do you even know what God that symbol is for?" I ask, knowing damn well it isn't theirs. Even if I had yet to clock Ashton as having it. Covered in gold as they are, it just blended in. Not that I've paid too much attention to everyone's appearances.   "Uh, a god of the forge?" My lip quirks at their guess,  "Close, it's the Allhammer, a god of crafts and skills. Usually a patron to artisans and blacksmiths."  "Yeah, it's for the god of- arts and crafts!" Fearne cheers, clapping her hands. When I glance at her. I see her eyes are fixated on Ashton's chain. Both have terribly sticky fingers. I wonder if it's just gonna start passing hands?  "Speaking of religion, You're kind of a priest aren't you?" Ashton questions and I shrug,  "Not really."  "But didn't you and Orym say something about blood hunters being connected to the crow queen?" Fearne asks and I snort,  "Uh- The Raven Queen." She jumps with a quiet 'oh, right' while nodding along,  "And as for how blood hunters are connected to the Raven Queen. She's a god of death, so her biggest enemies are the undead. Her clerics spread her worship, but her blood hunters take care of those enemies. We're like-"  "Her Enforcers? Paladins even?" Ashton chirps and I blink,  "I've never been given the respect that usually comes with that title. But- Yeah, I suppose, we're like the paladins of other gods." Before we can continue talking about the gods. The car comes to a stop. Swaying a bit before the door opens. Letting us escape from the confined space. The three of us setting foot on the Smolder Spire for the first time.  "Would you look at that! They got through a cable car ride without crying." Ashton teases and I hit them again, earning me a grunt.  "Ass."  "You know it Birdie." Ashton laughs and Fearne flanks my other side.  "So do any of us know where that house we're going to is?" The fawn asks and we all shrug,  "It's on this Spire. Fuck, Don't think we asked Chetney the exact place though." Ashton looks around taking in the Smolder Spire and I hum,  "It's ok, I know what Imogen smells like. I can find them." I mumble, and they both perk up.  "Wait, you know what we smell like?" Fearne asks as I start sniffing,  "At this point, yeah." It's a bit difficult to catch onto anyone's scents. The furnaces and coal mines are filling the air with smog that overpowers most else. We have to walk a bit, but eventually I do catch something. It's not Imogen's smell. It's a light smell that's semi-familiar, airy, flowery even. Pinched with the salty scent of sweat and a bit of sword oil.   "Oh, found Orym." I chirp and they perk up,  "Sweet, lead the way Birdie." Ashton encourages and we carry on. The three of us heading through the Spire. Following the invisible trail the halfling left behind. Until we get to a small residential area. Pulling the other two along. We find a house with a door left wide open.  "Hello! We've arrived!" Fearne cheers and a ball of electrical light moves. Lightning up the interior as we step inside.   "Guys! You're back already?" Imogen seems surprised as we look around,  "Yeah, Effid was no help. Just said a bunch of cryptid shit." Ashton explains as we take in the destroyed interior.   "Fuck. Someone rolled this place." Walking over to a severely clawed up corner. I kneel and investigate some of the marks. Sniffing at them, they're definitely too big to be Shade Creeper claws. The identifying smells have long faded away. Leaving no hint as to what could have left them. Annoyed, I keep investigating. Hoping to find something more fresh.  It's a bit frustrating. This scene is causing an itch in the back of my mind. There's something familiar about this. It's on the tip of my tongue. Yet I can't quite place it.   Before I can get up to investigate further. I'm joined by Orym. "Hey."  "Hey." Turning, I give the halfling my attention. He must want to talk to me about something.   "So no luck with Effid?" Frowning, I feel my ears drop.  "No, he said whoever I fought took my stone. But he didn't tell us who it was." Orym frowns hearing that. Sitting on my words for a moment before nodding.  "At least we have a clue about where the stone went. We can hunt down who attacked you last night. We did it with Dugger, we can do it again." Orym reassures me and I perk up. Finding the comparison somewhat comforting. We did manage to find Dugger.  "Yeah, that's something." I breath and Orym puts a hand on my shoulder,  "Shulkyr," His voice resembles my own leadership voice, demanding my attention.  "Yea?"   "Can I ask you to do something for me?" Orym prompts and I slowly nod,  "If your transformation has triggers, or you have some odd weakness that could be abused. You'll tell us. That way we can help you and work around this." Orym makes his demands and I stare. They already know about the curse. There's no point in lying and hiding it. Keeping secrets would just cause more trouble, wouldn't it?  "Ok."   "Thank you." He smiles and I nod, it's nice. Being able to let someone else take the lead. Someone you can somewhat trust. It's a nice feeling. Is this why he adores his own leader so much?  "Orym."  "Hmm?" He waits for me to talk,  "I know the stories always talk about the full moon, but it actually happens every night." His eyes widened a bit.   "Are full moons even special then?"  "They are, I can try to fight it off on most nights, but I can't on a full moon." I explain and he nods,  "Ok, thank you Shulk. That's good to know. I'll keep it in mind." He promises when we hear a new voice. We turn as an elven woman walks inside. Revealing she's the owner of this building, and that Gurge was merely renting from her. Ashton and Imogen take the lead in questioning her. Dorian starts shifting things around. Revealing smears of old blood. Orym and I head over, though not before Fearne gets down and licks some of it.  "Fearne, it doesn't even smell anymore. I don't think the taste will still be there." I chuckle and she perks up,  "I thought it was worth a try." She smiles and I tilt my head. Just giving her a look of warm bafflement.   The rest manage to send the elven woman away. After prying a bunch of gossip from her. Including something about a dire wolf. I pause surrounded by the mess and look around. Watching Ashton smash some shit. Much to Laudna and Dorian's loud complaints. Which only get louder when Fearne joins Ashton in their destruction.  "Shulkyr, is everything alright? You've got this look." Imogen whispers gesturing to her face,  "What race is this Gurge again?" I ask flaring my nose and flicking my ear. Something about this paired with all the gossip. It's causing that itch to get worse.   "Uh- I don't think Chetney actually told us." She hums as everyone comes over to us,  "So is this one joining us now or-?" The loud gnome comments glaring up at me,  "Uh Chetney this Shulkyr, they're going to be with us." Dorian introduces me to the gnome who glares at him,  "And this was your idea?"  "No, Chetney it was-"  "Good! You only have bad ideas." Dorian whimpers in response,  "Chetney, why are you so mean to me?" I watch their interaction spiral and walk a bit around them. Pausing beside Chetney. Shifting a bit as I look at the door.  "Anyways! What are you even here for? Just to scare people, playing damsel in distress, or- HEY!" Everyone shouts as the loud crack of Chetney's ribs fill the air. The old man screams as I successfully punt him out the door. Straight through the frame and into the streets. He even skips across the stone and I hum.  "I don't like him." All eyes turn on me as Ashton bursts into cawing laughter. Followed by Fearne's giggles and a snorting Dorian.  "Ok, that's not nice." Dorian struggles out the words and I quirk a brow,  "But it was funny."  "It was very funny, cathartic." He admits after a moment quietly giggling despite himself,  "Good. Besides, I do have to say something." Everyone quiets down to give me their full attention.  "I've never been to this Spire." I state and many of them give me curious looks,  "I mean most of us haven't." Laudna hums scratching her cheek,  "Yeah, but I mean I've never been to this Spire. I'd know the smell otherwise. Or it would at least feel familiar." I mumble and let it sink in what I mean.  "Wait, do you mean-?" Dorian makes a noise and some wild gestures,  "Oh shit." Ashton breathes, seeming to understand where I'm going.  "Those marks are too small to be Dire wolf's and too big for a Shade Creeper. So- I'll ask again, do we know what race Gurge is?" I look across the group and Fearne blinks,  "Wait. Do you think Gurge is like me?" Fearne waves her staff. She could turn into a hound. So it is possible Gurge is a druid.  "I mean it's possible, but I don't think that's what they're implying." Dorian whispers to her and F.C.G. rolls up to me,  "Mrs. Shulkyr do you really think. You might not be the werewolf the Wilders are after?" The robot asks and I make a face,  "Fifty fifty, Gurge is either a Druid who got in one hell of a fight-" I gesture to the destroyed place around us, "-or he's a lycanthrope that lost control and got caught. Where are we putting our money?" I ask and they all look to each other,  "Fuck, let's hope druid? Have you been around anyone else like you? You won't just be forced to transform and fight him or some shit right?" Ashton asks and all I can do is shrug,  "No idea."  "Right, then let's hope druid. Either way we already agreed to help Chetney, and we have already started digging." Imogen sighs and everyone agrees. We're going to help Chetney to the end. We've already gone this far. It would just be rude to turn back now. Especially with payment already in place. I pause and make a face. Speaking of-  "What is Chetney paying us for this?" I ask, I don't think that's something I've been told yet actually. I look across the group, who has suddenly turned rather sheepish.   "What did he offer?" I sigh, waiting for the reveal. Dorian is avoiding eye contact. Poking his fingers together. Ashton is leaning on their hammer and rubbing their neck. The girls are all blushing with nervous smiles. Orym refuses to meet my eyes and clears his throat. What in the world-?  "Toys." Fearne sings and I stare in disbelief,  "Toys?" I press and F.C.G. answers,  "Chetney offered custom wood crafted toys, but he also offered pay! You can ask him for coin instead!" The robot shares and I shake my head. Unable to help my baffled smile.  "Toys?" I parrot my question in disbelief,   "I really want the fucking toy." Ashton whispers with childish excitement and a bashful grin. Everyone mirrors their mood and I raise a brow. All this for some wooden toys huh?   'Come on captain! It's just a quick side job. We're helping a little old lady, and there's pie involved!'  'Pie? You want to deal with undead in exchange for- pie?'  'It's strawberry Pie!' 'You know how rare even one berry is boss!' 'Come on! It's just another day cap! Besides, it's my aunt making my family's famous pie. You can't miss it!' Blinking snaps me back to the present. Deafing the voices that called to me. One last scan across the group and I sigh. They do seem happy with it. So I suppose it isn't the worst.  "Ok. Toys it is." I agree and they all beam at me,  "Yay! Toys!" Everyone cheers and we all start to leave. Heading to the next place we chose to focus on. The jail, where the Wilders who are currently hunting werewolves are based. This sounds like a wonderful idea.~•~  "She's gonna kick me again!" Chetney complains, eyeing me from far to my left, and far out of my kicking range. Which makes his comment even more bizarre. Especially with Ashton, Imogen, and Laudna between us.   "I doubt they will Mr. Chetney." Imogen sighs and the man grumbles,  "Her legs twitching and she's snarling. I know she's gonna do it!"   "Maybe because you keep saying 'her'? Shulkyr doesn't go by her." Dorian gently suggests from my right,  "Who asked you?!" Dorian yelps and I draw Raven's Kiss,  "Shulk!" Everyone shouts and it's a whole debacle. Eventually my crossbow ends up back in its sheath. While Chetney ends up on the other side of Fearne. By the time we arrive at the jail. The party has officially decided Chetney and I aren't allowed to be closer than four people.   Before another incident can happen. We focus on the task at hand. Which involves chatting with the two wardens lingering outside. Staying back I watch the duo. Straining my hearing to catch their whispers. Though it's hard when everyone keeps chattering. They both jump out of their skin at the mention of Gurge. Starting to smell of panic as they excuse themselves.  "They're hiding something big." I mumble and everyone is quick to agree. After some quick discussion, Fearne transforms into a rat to follow after them.   "Dorian you can give me invisibility right?" I whisper to the Genasi who jumps,  "Huh, oh yes! Do you-?"  "It feels like a bad idea to let one of us get locked inside, alone."   "Right, good point. Here, good luck." Dorian pats my shoulder, and magic shimmers over me. My form vanishes and I'm quick to follow the druid. I manage to slip inside before they close the door, locking it behind them. Hugging to the wall I wait for my darkvision to kick in. Scanning the hall before I carry on, searching. I don't want to step on Fearne.   Once I clock her, I have to resist snorting. She's in rat form and sneaking on her hind legs. It's ridiculous that they don't notice her. Being a rather sizable cream rat with a mint colored mohawk and a daisy behind her ear. Her smaller stride means she falls behind, but I make sure to stick between her and the two wardens. Listening to the pair chatter. Throwing ideas about why they think the 'weird group' is asking about Gurge.   Eventually, we end up at an office. Which the Wilders slip into. I remain outside, keeping my foot in the doorway. Stopping it from closing completely. Letting Fearne slip inside the room. Hopefully, they won't notice the her. I mean, they haven't yet, it's comical.   Through my amusement I listen to the trio speak. Revealing they're reporting to the Warden. The duo describe our group. Informing their boss about how we mentioned Gurge. Which causes quite a ruckus. Including their boss telling them to tell us Gurge has been imprisoned, be spare about the details, and to stop answering questions. I'm smelling secrets and potential corruption.   I start to pull back from the door hearing them salute. I get three steps back when I hear a squeak. Followed by a faint poof noise. Which causes startled gasps. My hand shoots to my neck and freezes. Right, my stones are gone. Shit. My hand drops to my crossbow next. Alright, let's see how we're getting out of this one. 

  Fearne is quick to start lying her head off. Telling them that she has tried to race after them. To tell them about a pack of Dire Wolves outside. That's the lie you go with?!   "W-What do you mean dire wolves?" One warden presses and she keeps lying. Gods, why does she keep lying? Ok, let's go with this and see where it goes!  'There's no way you're actually doing this pup.' Oh, but I am. I can already feel the ache. The sound of a sword drawing pushes me over. Changing my form and breaking me apart. Dropping the invisibility, I crouch and growl.  "There were so many different kinds! There were giant fluffy ones-" Fearne rants and I let out a snarl,  "Oh! Oh My Gods, There's one now, I told you!" Standing on my hinds, I lash out at the door. Those inside shout and I let out a roar.   "Fucking hells! That's- That's no fucking dire wolf!" My eyes spin on the source. Lunging for one Warden. I sink my fangs into his leg. Yanking him back into the hall.   "Oh! Oh no, you better take care of that!" Fearne cries, and takes the chance to slip past me. The Wardens draw their weapons. Shouting and backing away from me.   "Grab others, quickly!" The hall echoes with a loud bang. It makes my ears ring and I whine. Shaking my head, I lunge for the other one. Snapping my jaws and tasting blood. Tearing into his sword arm. I toss that one into a wall.   "Shulk, Shulkyr, Pretend I chase you off! Trust me!" My hearing just manages to catch the whispering fawn.   'Now this is odd.' Spinning on the fawn, I snap at her. She swings her staff and summons a mock blast of flame. It barely singes some of my fur and I yelp.   'Flee pup, just go for the door. Don't get cornered.'   "Hey! Bad dog! Bad!" Fearne frowns, and I race back where we came from. Racing through the corridors. There's a massive thud and light floods the corridor. Bolting, I leap through the doorway. Shoving the figures that had been standing there. Which leads to much yelling.   "Shulk! What?!" A voice rings in my head and I snort. That's not one of my voices. Who's talking in my head?! Rushing through streets and leaping up. Getting over a piece of equipment. I bolt, hoping to lose them and find someplace to hide.  'This is by the far the stupidest thing you've ever done.'

  Everyone startles as the werewolf form of Shulkyr shoots past them. Followed by two wardens, both severely injured stumbling into the doorway shouting.   "Did you do this?!" One shouts and the party bulks,   "Uh! No we- I- You really need to get that door fixed! We knocked and it just fell over like this." Imogen instantly starts fibbing and the other warden hisses. Bleeding heavily from a massive bite wound.  "Forget the door! Did you see that massive beast?!" One demands as Fearne and their captain rounds the corner.   "Oh wow! Did you guys get those Dire wolves?! You know, the big scary wolves that were destroying everything?!" Fearne shouts and the entire party turns to her. Realization dawns on them as Fearne nods rapidly.  "Oh yeah," "Yeah," "Of course!" They all lie through their teeth. Some faking injury from said 'dire wolves'.  "W-Wait wasn't there another one of you? A drow?" The limping warden asks,  "Oh! Oh, Shulkyr our dear friend! The one that slipped past us took them on the way down! They both plummeted off the side!" Imogen cries and the others join her. Laudna drops to her knees and even starts crying. The black tears unsettling the wardens enough they drop the topic.  Fearne keeps playing along and manages to charm the Captain while no one's looking. Cooling the raging warden's temper. Convincing the man with sweet words to give them their information, and ignore their shady words. Prompting the Captain to share what he does know of Gurge. Including that the Wilders were paid to help a bounty Hunter named Artana Voe. Gurge was carried off by the bounty hunter. Though where he was taken is unknown to the Wilders.   After getting their information. They all awkwardly leave. Barely managing to restrain their panic. Once they're a good distance away. Orym yanks the other sending stone from his pocket.   "Shulk, hey, are you ok? Where did you run off too?" Orym sends the message as everyone hisses.  "Why the fuck was Shulk is werewolf form?"   "Oh well you see, I kind of panicked and told them a bunch of wolves were attacking." Fearne shyly admits and Dorian makes a noise,  "And Shulkyr went along with it?!"   Fearne just shrugs and smiles, "Well- I mean, I was in a bit of trouble. My lie worked. Shulkyr made it work."   "Ok, but guys. How are we finding Shulkyr before the Wilders?" Orym asks clutching to the stone,  "Didn't we tell them the wolf went off the cliff with your drow friend?" Chetney pipes up and Imogen throws up her hands,  "Yeah, but what if someone else sees them?! It's Mid-day!" She's panicking and Laudna quietly hushes her. Trying to reassure the hyperventilating woman.   "Fuuuck!" Ashton groans and everyone's at a loss what to do,  "We have to give them some time. We have no idea how long their transformation lasts." Orym mumbles, "They told me that at night they have to fight it. They never suggested they could control it."   "Wait, if they can't control it, and they still transformed- Fearne, how much trouble were you in?!" Everyone spins back on the fawn who just hums,  "Hey, don't get on my ass about it! One of those guys stepped on me, and they were being very rude. Shulkyr just kind of showed up, already wolfed out." Fearne defends herself and the party sighs,   "Well fuck, I guess all we can do is wait." Ashton shrugs and everyone sighs. Unsure how to continue, they accept defeat. Deciding to focus on what to do with the new information. Ultimately, they decide to head to Lord Esterhross. Since Artana is apparently the kind of bounty hunter only someone with a lot of coin could afford to hire. They head back over to the cable car. Coughing up a silver coin each with very loud complaints.   Chetney is quizzing Dorian the entire way. Asking what he can and can't do. While everyone else keeps an eye open. Hoping they don't get caught by any wandering Wilders. Or that a certain werewolf approaches them in broad daylight. It's a horrible walk and no one calms until they get out of the cable car. Walking down familiar roads they ease up. Until they reach the familiar manor and knock on the door. Sure enough Evelyn, the only servant Esterhross seems to keep, opens the door and looks across them.   "Ah, it seems Shulkyr has gone missing once again?" Evelyn sounds almost teasing when she states it.  "Uh- Yeah, we're waiting for them to call us, and say that they're ok." Orym shows off the stone and she nods,  "Fair enough. Come inside, it's safer to wait while you speak with Lord Esterhross." She lets everyone inside and leads them to the office. Where the orc lord is sitting in front of his fireplace. He gives his attention to the party. Lending an ever patient ear as they inform him of everything that has happened since the theater. Answering any questions they throw at him the best he can.   After they've gotten their answers. Esterhross informs them about their previous requests. That the Anger is willing to meet Orym with a few days heads up. The substance they had found was absolutely Brumestone. Though the slime they gave him from Dugger has yet to give any answers. He looks across the group with a curious look.  "I'm curious, has the tea drinker vanished again?" Esterhross prods and the group jumps. Each stumbling in answering him. While they're giving scrambled half explanations. Orym feels a faint warmth and his gaze drops.   "Shulkyr!" He gasps and everyone spins. Seeing the sending stone is glowing again.  It starts with a huff and a groan of pain, "Hey Orym, I'm al- well, I'm managing. I'm still on the Smolder Spire, hanging out at the uh- Soot and Swill." The message cuts there and the group stares.  "I mean it's convenient?" Laudna gently jokes and smiles,  "Fuuuck! Fuck!" Ashton complains and lets out a heavy sigh, "Ok, Fine, Soot and Swill, let's go. Come on." Ashton ushers the group out. Everyone whining at having to pay for the cable car again.   "Has anyone else noticed a trend of a beaten up Shulkyr ending up in taverns?" Dorian asks and everyone chuckles at that.  "Yeah, funny ain't it?" Chetney mumbles and everyone chatters. Until the car reaches the other end.  "Wait, does that mean we have to take the cable car again?" Everyone loudly groans, getting out their silver. ~•~

  "So- wolf monsters attacked the jail?"  "Aye, it tackled me and we went off the spire. If it weren't for feather fall, I would have crashed down into the jungle with it." I lie through my teeth and the half orc woman nods. After patching me up, she's fairly likely to believe me. Damned cracked ribs and torn muscles.   "Well- ain't you lucky?" She partly teases and I hum,  "Luck seems to be the only reason I'm alive this week." Sighing, I take a swig from my cider. Enjoying the meal that I ordered. Provides by the snarky half orc. What is with me and uniya in this city? I'm not complaining, I kind of enjoy the attention of such attractive women.   "I hear you, but that's mercenary work for you." She chuckles as she serves others.  "So, are you waiting for some friends or just lingering about?" She pries and I grumble,  "Waiting, they'll show up. I actually should apologize prempetivally. One of my companions has a history with-"  "Shulkyr! The fuck!" Pushing off the table. I turn and see Ashton, F.C.G., and Fearne approach.  "No damn way, you're with Ashton?" Preio gives me a look and I shrug,  "It has yet to bite me in the ass." She shakes her head at me. Turning her attention on Ashton. Her mood noticably soured. Listening in, I let them sort out their differences. Turns out the genasi got himself banned from this tavern. That's a first. Ashton asks what they can do to make it great. Which prompts Preio to say they have to buy an eighty gold coin wine to make up for whatever happened last time.   "What did you do? Murder a customer." I mock and Ashton glares at me. I just raise my brows and smirk.  "Wipe that smug smile off your face damnit." Ashton gives me a playful glare,  "Nah." While we're bantering, Fearne gets Pireo's attention. Offering the gold chain that had been around Ashton's waist.   I burst out laughing out of shock more than anything. Cutting short when my ribs ache. I'm left wheezing as Ashton is forced to still cough up forty gold. Grumbling, they yank me out of my seat.  "Hey!" I wince as their shoulder presses into my ribs,  "Well you weren't walking." Ashton carries me off to a table where everyone is waiting.  "I was eating."  "Sounded like you were dying to me." Ashton remarks and I roll my eyes,  "At least I don't sound like a crow."  "Hey! There's nothing wrong with my cawing." They drop me into a chair. Taking the one next to me. Grumbling about the wine they were coerced into buying. Imogen asks what it says, looking at me and I shrug. I speak undercommon, not elvish.  Laudna perks up and takes the bottle. Her eyes roll back and glow as she reads it. Revealing it's an elvish plum wine from Tal'dorei. Which doesn't cheer up Ashton. Who eyes it with open ire. While their sulking everyone carries on with a different topic.  "Shulkyr! You're in- relatively one piece. That's- That's good!" Dorian fumbles and I hum,  "Yeah, sorry."  "So really quick-" Imogen leans in and everyone mirrors her, "-Can we just have. Like a rough explanation of how your curse works because that startled the hell outta us." All eyes turn to me and I nod,  "That's fair. Um-" How do I explain everything they would need to know?  "-but, maybe not here?" My voice cracks and they all stare. Turning, I refuse to meet any of their eyes.   "Ok, but if it threatens to happen again. Maybe just-" Imogen can't seem to figure out what she wants me to do.  "We need a signal or something." Ashton sighs, "That way you can tell us when it's about to happen and we help you get out. Get somewhere that's at least safer to transform." Ashton grabs a cup and apparently decides to pour themself a glass. The curiosity must be getting the best of them.  "That's not a bad idea actually." Dorian agrees and nods,  "So what could the signal be? It would have to be subtle and something Shulkyr could do whenever." Laudna sings and her claws are tapping her cheeks. While Ashton gags and hisses. Pushing the wine away.  "I-" My words die and I just rest back in my chair.  "At least we have the idea started. We can think about when we're not here." Orym decides and everyone agrees. We'll have to sort out everything somewhere safer. Where no curious ears could catch what's being discussed.   "Ok, well then, who's gonna go up to Preio?"   "I can." "I can!" F.C.G. and I turn to face each other surprised.  "Oh! Together then?" The robot prompts and I nod,  "Sure, Preio actually seems to like me a bit anyways." With that, Grass and I head back over to the bar. The uniya perks up when we approach.   "Need something? Ashton pop a stitch?" They give the genasi the stink eye. Shaking my head I sit back down. Sipping on my cider.  "No, not yet. They're rough around the edges, but they can be soft. Like limestone." Preio snorts at that,  "Sure, but I wouldn't lean on them so much. Softstone tends to crack when under pressure." Preio warns and it's ominous. What the hell happened Ashton?   Everyone usually praises the genasi for 'making friends'. Preio sounds almost mocking about it. Then again she's the one person so far Ashton is on genuinely bad terms with. They're so hesitant about friends. Because of the amount of trust involved. They used to be part of a team, didn't they? Ashton said they all left and he stayed. Add Pireo's words into the mix-. My gaze flicks back to the genasi. A heavy feeling settles in and I snap back to the conversation.  Just catching F.C.G. mention they were told she is Artana's sister. Leaning on the table I support that. "When we were at the jail." Preio's attention snaps to me, and I take in her stiff body language.   "One of the Wardens suggested we seek Artana out after the whole mess. Because she handled something similar not too long ago." I give a half baked excuse as to why we would be hunting down Antana. Pireo narrows her gaze at me as she shifts.  "Sorry, my last name is Madali not Voe. We're not related." F.C.G. seems surprised and apologies. I nod and pretend to believe her. Grass asks her to tell us if Antana comes by. Going with my lie about the Warden's directing us here.   "Well, that's that. All I have to ask is if you have something good behind the bar." I turn away from the discussion, and try to ease Pireo down. Watching Grass roll back to the party.   "Depends on what you consider good." She hums and I make a face,  "I don't really consider liquor good-"  "What the fuck's in your flask then?"  "Cider. I decked Ashton and they bailed me out of trouble in a span of ten minutes. I've been meaning to buy them an apology beer." I cough and Pireo quirks a brow. That's not why I owe them an apology beer. But it seems to help convince Pireo to help me out. The uniya pushes off the counter and looks around. Coming back with a pretty strong smelling drink.   "Twenty gold. It's actually worth the price this time." Pireo snorts, eyeing the bottle of wine.   "Hope so, they hated it." Pireo cackles at that as I pay for the beer. Taking it back to our table.   "Gemstone-" I chirp and Ashton turns, "-I got you a present." I give them the beer and they beam.   "Oh fuck yeah."   "Pireo promised this one was actually worth the price. So enjoy." I settle back down as Ashton drinks.   "Good?"  "Yup, thanks Birdie." Ashton grunts and the others fill me in. Apparently F.C.G. caught Pireo glancing towards the kitchen. Which leads into plotting on how to get into the kitchen. Chetney insists that he could get in there. When asked how he's so confident he shrugs. Before snapping his fingers and vanishing without another word.   "Oh, invisibility." I blink and hear a cackle,  "Yup, See ya later bitches!" There's a smack and Dorian recoils. Holding his cheek and my eyes shoot wide.  "Chetney!" I snarl and have to be restrained before I leap out of my chair. How dare-!  "Shulk! God dammit not again!" 

  Ashton has to restrain a snarling Shulkyr. Catching Pireo's attention and getting the uniya to storm over to the table with a huff. Everyone else is trying to calm the drow. While Chetney sneaks away and into the kitchen effortlessly.    "Ashton, Are you starting another fight in my bar?"   "Hey- No! That's not what's happening."  "I'm gonna kill him!" The drow snaps still struggling in the genasi's grasp,  "Shulk-"   "Oh, it's you then. What happened?" Preio seems to lose her anger in favor of curiosity. Causing Ashton to make a face at that.  "Ok, why the fuck does every barkeep we meet give you special treatment?" Ashton fakes hurt. Shifting Shulkyr's attention onto them for a moment.  "Because I haven't started fights in their bars, and I'm not shy about money."   "Ouch, you're right. But- Ow." Preio snorts at their interaction. Shaking her head and crossing her arms.  "Right indeed, now do I need to throw someone out?"  "No, no, no-" Dorian panics, waving his hands. Turning the uniya's attention onto him, "-No it's- I got punched that's all. Shulkyr tends to get aggressive on my behalf. It wasn't even a hard hit-!" Dorian squeaks when Preio leans into him. Giving the air genasi a good look. Noting the bright pink mark on his face. She quirks a brow and lets out a bit of a laugh.  "You're a soft one then huh?" Dorian is blushing purple at this point and nods,  "I- I well- I'm not Shulk and Ashton." Dorian flusters and Shulkyr lets out a low growl,  "Yeah, sure. If someone actually throws a punch I'm sure I'll know." Preio snorts and turns her attention back to Shulkyr,  "Since Ashton stole you away from your meal, you want another one? Half price to not snap the head off my customers." Preio offers and Shulkyr's attention snaps to her.  "There it is, a new meal coming up." Preio snaps her fingers and they cough up the coin. Which earns more complaints from Ashton.   Meanwhile Chetney is investigating the kitchen. Seeing the only cook is a towering ogre. Who's currently cooking a large slab of unknown meat. While the gnome is sneaking about. He catches sight of a disguised door. Though he can't check it out further. Since there's a towering shelf stacked in front of it. The gnome struggles to move it, but the shelf doesn't even budge.   Giving up, he starts to leave the kitchen when he hears a shout. "Another meal!"   "Another meal, coming up!" The ogre calls back and Chetney freezes. Stuck to the spot for a while. Before he decides it's safe. Leaving the kitchen and returning to the party. Sneaking up to Dorian and grabbing his cape. Yanking him down and loudly whispering.   "There's an ogre in the kitchen!" The gnome reveals as Dorian makes a face. Looking around, he recognizes Chetney's voice. Yet he can't see him. Instead his eyes have settled on Shulkyr. Seeing the drow glaring at the empty spot next to him.  "There's also a secret door, but it's behind a massive bookshelf! I need one of you to move it." The gnome hisses and the party decides what to do. Deciding the best way to do this is to split the party.   Imogen, Laudna, and Fearne take the role of distracting the cook. Planning to use the idea of asking for the chef and complimenting him. Hoping flattery will keep him out of the kitchen. F.C.G. and Shulkyr are the second time. Agreeing to distract Pireo.  While Ashton, Orym, Dorian, and Chetney are in team kitchen. Planning to sneak inside once everyone else has started their parts. Everyone gets in position and Ashton pretends to be drunk on Dorion. Giving F.C.G. a bottle and telling them to remember the bottle trick. Which earns a quirked brow from Shulkyr. What bottle trick?   The drow gets to find out pretty quickly. F.C.G. rolling up to Preio and asking for tips on their trick. Shulkyr plops back down on their stool. Watching with a tilt of their head.  "You know what he's on about?" Preio asks and all Shulkyr can do is shrug. Still eyeing F.C.G. with drooped ears. Completely at a loss as to what the robot is up to.   They get their answer when F.C.G. tries to balance the bottle on their head. It starts to slide and the robot rolls to catch it. Causing the bottle to slide back, and Grass follows the momentum before correcting. Entering this loop where they barely keep the bottle from falling. Earning the eyes of every drunkard around. Shulkyr perks up letting out a whine. Watching in open fascination.    While their crowd loses their minds about the robot. Fearne calls over a goblin. Convincing him to grab the chef for her. It's its own sight when the dirty ogre rushes out from the kitchen. Racing over to the table with a huff.  "Was it ok?" The ogre asks, seeming like he's about to burst in anger. Fearne perks up and smiles up at him.  "Why- it's actually the tastiest meal I've ever had!" Fearne compliments and the ogre sniffles. His eyes even start to water with joy. It doesn't take long for Fearne to get the ogre to stay. Convincing him to tell her everything that's in the meal. Once everything has happened the kitchen team makes their move. Ashton snaps their fingers and uses pass without a trace. Blessing the group as they easily sneak past everyone and slip into the kitchen.   Chetney, still invisible, races over to the bookshelf. Smacking it and demanding one of them move it. It takes the group a moment. As they all quickly check for a bookshelf. Not finding one until they finally place where Chetney's screeching is coming from. The trio barely resist snorting when they see the 'bookshelf'. It turns out to be a good cart. Barely taller than Orym the halfling easily moves the cart out of the way. Revealing the barely concealed door.   "You have the strength of a god-" Chetney comments in awe before he shoots at the door. Starting to fiddle with the lock. Hearing a few clicks before his tool slips.   After one failed attempt at lock picking. Everyone quickly discusses how they should open it. All eyes turning on Ashton. Expecting them to break it down.   "No, I- I really don't think-" They turn their head. Checking the door as the others press them. Sighing Ashton draws their hammer. Taking a big swing. It crashes into the wall, but fails to break the lock. Before Ashton can take another swing. They hear sizzling and burning. Turning they spot a burning meal.   "Ah, shit." Ashton is quick to flip the meat. Not wanting it to ruin. Leaving the rest to figure out how to open the door. Chetney tries one more time to open the door. Fiddling with it and barely managing to pick the lock. Since Ashton's hammer made it worse. Once the lock hits the floor and they open the door. The team seems pretty pleased.   Chetney is the first to head downstairs. Orym follows after him. Ashton takes the meat off the stove. While Dorian gives chase. Once Ashton has shit off the stove they follow after. Getting downstairs and finding a small cellar. Along with a cot and an unknown, cloaked figure armed with a heavy crossbow. Primed and aimed directly at Orym.   "Please don't shoot!" Orym puts up and hand,  "Why should I not?" The figure growls and Orym's eyes dart around,  "We just wanna talk. We're looking for Artana Voe." The halfling explains, the moment after he finishes. They fire a bolt and Orym swings his shield. Piercing his chin as Ashton starts to shove his way to the front.  "Wait, Wait, Wait. I've got a bolt to the chin, I still don't wanna fight. We just wanna talk."  "Then talk." By now the figure has spun. Reloading the bolt and aiming it at Dorian now.   "Chet, Chetney are you still around?" Orym calls and Dorian has thrown up both hands,  "Whatever you say, better be good." Dorian hisses and after there's no answer. The figure fires another shot. Just missing Dorian's head and embedding into the wall beside it. Causing the genasi to yelp. Another flick of their hands reloads the crossbow.~•~  "And it's- Shulk what's wrong?" The drow and robot have long rejoined the rest. Everyone long bored of their tricks. Imogen gives the drow a nervous look. As their head snapped towards the kitchen. Staring at it with an unknown intensity.   "For fuck's sake, we're looking for- fuck's sake we're looking for a friend. For a friend of a friend that went missing and things have been weird. We just need a little bit of fucking help!" Ashton, finally pushed to the front, hisses at the figure. One hand on their hammer.  "Gurge, we're looking for Gurge." Orym spills,  "Shulkyr, where are you going?" Laudna sings as all eyes turn on the drow who's stood up. Their focus is still pinned on the door.   "Gurge, fuck." Ashton growls and the figure keeps their crossbow pointed at Dorian,  "You're not gonna find Gurge here."  "I know that we need help." Ashton hisses their eye flicking between the weapon and the other genasi,  "What do you have to offer?"   "Fuck, I don't know that. We haven't gotten that far. What do you need, what do you want? Why don't you fucking talk you asshole?!" Ashton spits at Chetney, wherever he may be.   "We have money!" Chetney announces from off to the left. The figure fires a bolt at the source. Missing, but not managing to stick the gnome who still shouts.  "Ah! You got me! You got me! Oh, It hurts! I'm sorry, I'm sorry I've been ailed by this affliction my whole life!" Chetney cries as the figure reloads another bolt. ~•~  "Pretty, you've got a meal burning. I've got it." Shulkyr comments and the ogre perks up,  "Oh, I forgot- you know how to turn off stove?" The ogre shouts and Shulkyr gives him a thumbs up.  "Yup! Daddy taught me, I'll turn off your flames. Won't touch a thing."  "Ok! Thank you!" Pretty shouts and Preio yells,  "For the love a- Are you trying to burn the place down?"   "Sorry boss." The uniya sighs, not able to criticize the ogre much more. It's not often Pretty gets compliments. Her eyes turn on Shulkyr. Watching the drow walk into the kitchen. Face twisted into a corncrrned expression.~•~  "I'm looking for Gurge! Just trying to find him so I can get some work. Please-" Chetney cries, the old man rambles and the figure demands they hand over the coin. Chetney puts down thirty gold. Leading Ashton to threaten Chetney if he has more. Dorian is quick to match Chetney's offer. The figure moves and keeps the crossbow at the ready.  Steps echo as someone strides down the steps, "I was hired to catch him and bring him in. I don't have him."  "Where is he?" Ashton asks, Chetney puts down another fifteen. Asking to know who hired her, or where she took Gurge. A request that's quickly shot down. Pushing his way to the front. Orym puts down a hundred gold. Locking eyes with the hooded figure, and after a moment she grins. "Show me what you got." Orym puts down more money. Earning him a nod, though she doesn't out down her crossbow.  "My client was Vali Dertrana, Vali's the business commissioner of the mirror spires on the core spire. Works at the Moon tower. When a client's shifty with the details, it could get me killed. I have no loyalty." Artana explains and everyone pauses,  "Obviously we were never here. But just for future reference, if we were ever in need of your skills. How much would it cost us?" Orym questions,  "Depends on what you need." Artana answers and Orym sighs,  "For Gurge?"   "Knowing what I know now? Eight gs." Artana snorts, Ashton nearly chokes. The others go fish eyed.   "Not a typical mark that one and if you're looking for him. Best be careful." Orym nods in agreement to Artana. Asking if that extra hundred was worth any tips.   "I don't deal with that kind often. Only once before, just don't get bitten." Artana's words cause dread to drop in their stomachs. Turns out Shulkyr was on the mark then.  "Ok." Orym breathes and glances back, "Gang are we good?"  "It looks like you work with your hands. I respect it." Chetney comments as he starts to sneak away. Pausing on the stairs when he finds an eavesdropping figure in his way. Green eyes drop and glare at the spot. Shifting to let the gnome sneak past them. Chetney wisely decides not to bother them.   "Dorian you got anything you wanna ask buddy?" Ashton prompts the other genasi who swallows,  "If she's not going to shoot me. Is that fair?" Dorian looks at the figure who simply makes a movement with her head,  "Have you heard about a large bounty? Twenty thousand. On a security detail that went wrong? Something perhaps put out by the Treshi Family?" Dorian asks and everyone shifts,  "Yea. You do match a certain description that came across my path." Artana confirms and Dorian swears,  "Does it uh- Does it seem like a popular bounty in the bounty hunting community?" He pries and she leans in. Slowly looking him over from head to toe.  "Real familiar description." She states and Dorian turns pale.   "Oh, hi." He snorts, "Noo." Dorian rubs his arm stepping back,  "We wouldn't be asking if that was the thing, that would be some crazy shit." Ashton presses,  "Stranger things have happened, meal tickets walking into my lap." Artana states keeping her weapon on Dorian, "We all have family right?" Dorian asks and it gives her pause, "And we all want to protect our family. I have nine friends here that I consider family." Dorian breathes,  "Yeah, it would be pretty brazen for a mark familiar with their own bounty to walk in here for me. If you say family- I take it you're related to this mark?" Artana tilts her head and Dorian nervously chuckles,  "I wouldn't say family- distantly related." He clears his throat and she slowly nods,  "You tell your friend- sorry, your family to get the hell out of town real quick. I'm not the only hunter on the loose. I don't know, this is the first lead I've got. If he's still here."  "It wouldn't pan out the way you think. We appreciate your candor."   "Alright then. Hope we don't meet again." Artana nods and Ashton mimics her. Starting to herd everyone upstairs.  "The pleasure wouldn't be mine." Ashton comments, Dorian freezes when he nearly runs into a figure in the stairway. Jumping and almost shouting. Until their hand slaps over his mouth. Shulkyr shakes their head. Soundlessly ushering a startled Dorian upstairs. Orym follows though he doesn't go to shout. Just noting Shulkyr wide eyes and tense stance. Orym nods and races up after Dorian.   "You should enjoy the meal sometime." Ashton grunts, heading upstairs. Tensing for a moment before they recognize Shulkyr.   They lock eyes and Ashton can see something in there. "Chetney or Dorian?"   Shulkyr lifts two fingers and Ashton snorts. Gently pushing Shulkyr to get them ahead of him. Once Shulkyr walks into the kitchen. Ashton falls in step behind them. Closing the door and letting Orym push the cart back in front of it.   "Sorry, why were you looming in the stairway?" Dorian hisses, stopping when he gets a look at the drow in the light. They've gone pale and even Dorian can see the slight shake.   "Not fucking here. K? We sort out all this shit back at our place. Not here. Come on." There's a slight push to the small of Shulkyr's back. They nod and the group starts to leave. Shulkyr not telling them that Preio saw them enter.~•~

  We duck out of the kitchen and I'm shaking. One hand crossed me and clamped on my hip. The other on my arm as I just focus on my breathing. Dorian is pushed to the side by Pretty. "Move aside, shift gotta finish!"  "Saved your meal Pretty!" I tell and hear the ogre rumble,  "Thank you!" Their eyes pin on me and I shrug. We all return to the table. Dropping beside Laudna and pressing into her side. Letting the others decide what to do. The trio reveal they actually have to go on a date with Pretty. Which apparently happened after I left. Orym shares what their group discovered. Chetney piping up and getting an elbow from Ashton.   That sparks a bit of satisfaction in me. "Are you alright? You both look very distracted?" Laudna waves at Dorian and I,  "I thought we had the drop on them. Turns out they had the drop on us." Dorian mumbles rubbing his neck,  "We walked right into it." Orym confirms grimly,   "Explains why Preio just let Shulk just walk into the kitchen." Fearne hums which makes Ashton, Dorian, and Orym all spin to look at me.  "What?!"   "Heard Dorian yelp, came in after hearing Chetney." My mumbling causes their faces to twist. I just tap my ear and flick it. Which seems to satisfy some of them.   "Seriously? Why don't we just have you eavesdrop all the time then?" Chetney complains and I shake my head,  "I know your sounds. Somewhat. I know Fearne's walk, and Ashton's. Ashton's has a gap in their steps and they're right heavy. I know the sound of Dorian's- yelp, I guess. Things like that. I can hear them and just kind of know. It's more a gut instinct than the fact I actually heard you." My explanation earns me some nods and Dorian puts a hand on his chest.  "I- You know my yelp? That's what you learned first?" He almost sounds offended and I give a breathy chuckle,  "It's what you do the most." I shake my head and rub my face. Feeling a hand lay over mine. Peeking, I see Laudna patting my hand with a comforting smile.   "Well- I'm sure it won't be long before Shulkyr memorizes all our little quirks then. As attentive as they are." Laudna praises and my nerves calm a bit. Odd how such a frightening woman is so talented at soothing me. Perhaps it's simply something she's mastered being companions with Imogen?   'Considering how comfort is found in even the most wicked of women. I don't find it shocking in the slightest.' Ah, I was wondering why you were quiet. You haven't made a comment in some time.   'Oh? Missing my company already? Here I thought you were making friends.' Snorting, I lean against Laudna. Closing my eyes and just keeping quiet. Letting everyone else sort among themselves. Laudna smells oddly pleasant for a dead woman. She has the scent of death of course, but she also smells of old wood and wet earth.   "Might not be a werewolf." I mumble halfway through, "Could be a weretiger. Or a wererat. Or werebear. Hopefully a wererat, they're one of the weakest, especially when they're on their own."   "Oh so you do kind of know about other cursed people?" Laudna asks, squeezing my hand.  "Barely."  "Wait, didn't you say you've never met another one like you before though?" Dorian pries and I barely open my eyes. Giving him a tired stare.  "So- by the way. They're a werewolf right? I'm just making sure I understand this." Chetney pipes up before I can answer Dorian. Literally pointing at me. Turning my gaze into a glare. I focus on Chetney and snarl at him.   "Ok, let's drop that. We're still in public. Let's talk Gurge." Orym whispers and everyone agrees. Diving back into a discussion about what we should do. I stay leaning on Laudna. It's been so long since I've smelled something so similar to home. It's nice.

  We eventually decide to just head to the moon tower. Scope the place out and then get back to Pretty. So Laudna, Imogen, and Fearne can have their date. I'm still confused about how that happened. The most I've gotten is they hadn't seen us leave the kitchen. So they had to distract Pretty and that's what happened.   We all cough up silver and pile into the car. It trembles and starts along. Fearne, of course, shakes it with a giggle. Making Imogen and I complain. This time, I've latched onto Laudna for comfort. Which turns out to be a good idea. Since it doesn't take long for discussion to start.    "Ok, we're alone in here and these rides are far too long so- shady one. Wanna share what your deal is!?" Chetney turns his attention to me. If I weren't so terrified of heights. I would punt the gnome out the window. Why is the smelly old man standing next to Dorian? Annoyed, I take a deep breath and push off of Laudna.   "I'm a werewolf, Chetney." I deadpan and he stares,  "Oh shit." He goes quiet again and I raise my brows, "Did you bite Gurge?"  I roll my eyes and everyone yells. 'Why would he think that?!' 'Shulkyr would never!' 'They didn't even know who Gurge was!'   "No Chetney, I didn't bite Gurge. I've never bitten anyone."  "I mean- you bit a warden. Oh, oh my gods you bit a warden!" Imogen starts panicking and I wince,  "It's fine Imogen, I can't- I have a dry bite." Imogen makes a face and tilts her head,  "Dry bite? What's a dry bite?" Awkwardly shuffling, I drop my head back,  "Dry bite. Lycanthropy is transferred through bodily fluids. Usually saliva, dry bite just means it's basically impossible for my bite to actually infect anyone." I explain and that earns me some looks.  "Uh Shulk, I'd hate to tell you this, but you have saliva." Making a face, I wince at Ashton's words.  "I don't- Just- just give me your hand." I hold one out and they all stare at me. Eventually Fearne offers her hand. Dropping my head back I sigh. Opening my mouth. Letting the satyr put her hand in. She pauses and makes a face.  "Your mouth is dry." She states sounding fascinated,  "I mean maybe they just haven't had a drink?" Orym asks and Fearne shakes her head. Feeling around my mouth and poking my fangs. Careful, I'm also a drow. I have two sets of those and they're sharper than they look. I should know, I keep nicking myself with them.  "No, no I mean. It's completely dry. They really don't have any in there." She giggles pulling her hand back,  "What? But how?" Ashton makes a face and I massage my jaw. Feeling it ache from being hung open.   "I- There are glands that produce saliva in your mouth." I start explaining and they all just stare.  "Are yours broken?" Imogen asks and I shake my head,  "No, mine were taken out." Silence follows as everyone absorbs that.   "Excuse me, could you repeat that?" Grass prods and I swallow, deciding to take a drink.   "Mine were removed. Surgically. When I was very young. So I don't produce saliva, I haven't in several centuries." My explanation earns some looks and more silence,  "Did you- did you want them removed?" Dorian asks and I glance at him. That procedure flashing in my mind. There's whimpering in the back of my mind. Rubbing my throat, I huff and puff.   "No. I didn't have a choice in the matter." Dorian makes a face at that. I'm shifting from foot to foot, and more uncomfortable than I've been in a while. Silence weighs heavy on everyone until the ride ends. We exit the car and silently walk to the Mirror Towers.   They're a gorgeous set of buildings. If it weren't my headache thanks to the daylight. I might even enjoy admiring them. Imogen parts from us to see what she can dig up. While Orym asks a passing woman. Leaving everyone else little to do. So I find myself leaning against Ashton.  "So. Dry bite, good to know." Ashton lets me lean on their good shoulder and I hum,  "Yeah, wererats have natural dry bites. Because their teeth aren't in their mouths. That's why I'm hoping Gurge is one." I whisper back and Ashton nods their head. With a half interested 'huh'.   "Guess I'm not the only one who forgets about their last interactions with people huh Birdie?" Ashton mocks and my eyes roll back.   "I didn't catch her name when she shot me. Sorry to disappoint, gemstone." Ashton lets out some of that cawing laughter in response. It sounds nice hearing one of them laugh. It hasn't even been that long since they've laughed. Yet it feels like it has been.   "You got away though, nice." Ashton praises and I chuckle,  "Fucking barely." Before we can carry on with our half-hearted yet semi-serious banter. Imogen and Orym return to us. Explaining what they discovered. Everyone decides Lord Esterhross would be our best bet to get in. That at least is on this Spire. So we don't have to take the cable car again.   'Shulkyr?' Imogen calls to me mentally and I hum. Letting her know I'm listening.   'You seem really tired, is this because you transformed?' Imogen prods as I follow along.  'Yeah, it's why I sleep in like I'm hung over if I can help it. One tires me out, two is painful and I can barely move, and if I transform a third time. I'm fucked.' I hear Imogen gasp in response to my words. Glancing, I see her giving me a look. It's some mix of horror and pity. That gets Laudna's attention and the girls whisper. Tuning them out, I keep walking. Sticking to anyone's side so I can follow their stride. By the time I've fallen to the back of the group. My wobbling must become noticable. Because Dorian puts a hand on my arm.   "Need a hand?" Nodding, I throw an arm around Dorian's shoulders. Letting him wrap an arm around me. It's a much welcome aid.  "I could just carry you Birdie." Ashton snorts and I smirk,  "Mhmm, ribs too sore for that shit." They laugh and Dorian chuckles,  "I could princess carry you. We still have a bit of a walk." Dorian offers and I sigh,  "That sounds nice." That's all it takes for Dorian to slow. Until we stop and I pull away from him. The air genasi easily lifts me off my feet. It's surprising, Dorian doesn't look like he would have the strength. Yet I'm pleasantly surprised. Resting against the genasi, I close my eyes. Enjoying the chance to rest. ~•~  "Shulk, Shulkyr~" I'm gently shaken awake and I snort. Feeling a bit better yet heavy with the fog of sleep. Gently pushing myself up on my elbows. I see the person gently waking me is Fearne. She smiles and gives me a wave.  "You passed out on the way here. We didn't want to wake you so Esterhross let us put you down for a bit." She explains and I nod seeing we are in Eshteross manor. There's the clatter of porcelain and Evelyn appears. Holding a cup of steaming tea with a smile.  "Here, it's some flavored green tea. It'll get some energy in you." Sitting up I take the cup with a sleepy thank you. She nods and Fearne giggles.  "I think she likes you."   "I'm flattered." I mumble and Fearne hums. Offering me a weird brown lump.   "This isn't from Mister I hope." I tease sipping my tea. It does taste very nice. My teasing also gets the monkey to appear. Making some curious noises and leaping onto the couch with me. Letting me scratch between his ears for a moment.  "Oh no, Esterhross made some cookies. I snatched one for you. It seemed like something you'd like." Fearne explains and I nod accepting the treat. Taking a bite and enjoying the taste.   "Hey Shulk, just out of curiosity. How do you taste things?" Fearne asks and I tilt my head,  "Drinking before I eat helps, and It's not like I can't taste. Things just don't taste as strong for me." I can taste this cookie just fine. Especially with the tea. It's actually a really good combination.   "Ok, another question." Humming I raise a brow. Where is she going with all this?  "You said the curse transfers through bodily fluids right?"  "Right."  "Which is usually saliva, yeah?"  "Yeah. Fearne, where is this going?"  "Where is what going?" Laudna pops in and everyone walks into the hall with us. Apparently done talking to Eshteross.   "I'm just asking Shulk some things."  "Oh what things?" Orym pries and the fawn turns back to me. Smiling and resting on her hands.  "So say you did have saliva."   "Ok?" I take another sip as Fearne hums,  "If you did have saliva, and we made out. Would that turn me into a werewolf?" Hot tea is not a pleasant thing to choke on. Especially when I spit the scolding drink all over myself and a flaming Mister. Who screams and leaps back on to his Master's shoulder.   "Fearne?!" "What the fuck?!" Everyone is yelling and laughing in shock. Gaping, I stare at the fawn. How the fuck do I respond to that?!  'I believe the appropriate response would be to ask if she'd like to find out.' The voice teases and I flush. I don't even have saliva for that line to work. I'd hate it if that line worked. Especially since it came from you!   'Doesn't have to be saliva. Just any fluid. Also I take offense, pup.'   "Ok, topic change. Things got weird quickly." I cough getting off the couch and to my feet.   "Where are we going? What'd I miss?" Fearne pouts at me as the others nod,  "Fair enough. We're going back to the Moon tower and then the girls are going on a date. With that ogre from before." Grass explains and I nod along,  "Ok, yeah let's go. Come on." Putting the cup down, I finish my cookie. Between Fearne and the tea. I certainly feel more awake than I had been. Everyone is cackling behind me and asking Fearne what the fuck was she thinking.   Embarrassed, I remain ahead of everyone. Unable to look back thanks to the heat in my cheeks.  'Hilarious how bashful you are for someone twice divorced.'   "Oh fuck off!"~•~  It's not a long walk to return to the towers. Especially with everyone having to almost race after me. Once I reach the gate I pause. Waiting for the rest to catch back up. Letting them all catch their breath before we carry on.  Imogen takes the lead again. Approaching the guards with a letter. Probably from Eshteross, one guard leaves to verify it. Leaving the other to our over curious group. Who each gives a question, and another, and another. The guard gives clipped one or three word answers. It's far more amusing than it should be. When the dragonborn returns he agrees to just let us inside.   Everyone is quietly chattering, relieved. I sniff when I notice a faint mist start appearing at our feet. Turning back I see clouds gathering. Even this high on a spire. It must be a storm, what are storms like on the spire? I end up staring at the mass of grey. Will it make everything shake? Could the Spires just crumble from under our feet? Send us plummeting into the jungles below?  'Your fear is making you delirious. Breathe pup, you're being left behind.' The mask scolds as faint rain starts to drop. Making me flinch and whine.   "Shulkyr? Are you alright? You seem distressed." Grass rolls over to me and I shake,  "I've just not experienced a storm here yet. It's a- It's unsettling." Before I can stammer much more. I feel the robot take my hand.  "Oh, don't you worry, storms here don't tend to last very long! If it makes you feel better. We can go inside one of the spires after this. For now let's not soak out in the rain. Wouldn't want you catching a cold!" The robot sings before leading me inside after the rest.   "I usually like storms. Wildmount is always pouring. It's just being up here." We head inside, finding Imogen speaking to an elf. Before I can approach her and ask what's up. We hear a crack of lighting and look. Seeing Fearne stumbling back from a bookcase. Ashton heads over to her and picks up the fawn. Putting her off to the side.   Ashton would be able to tell me about the storms wouldn't they? The elf returns and is sputtering something about someone being busy. Honestly, I'm not paying much attention at the moment. Which leads to a lot of stammering and talking over each other.   "Mrs. Shulkyr, have you been around a place with so many books before?" The robot asks and I shake my head. Admiring the many books.   "No, my mother had a library, but I was never allowed in it." I breathe admiring the numbered spines. Curiosity nips at me, though I think better of touching them. Hearing a cry as more screaming happens. It feels like no one has taken note of me oddly enough. I just hear Fearne asking how the dark elf touches the books.  "That is a good question." I watch him jump and spin,  "When did you get here?!" He screeches and I flick an ear,  "I've been here, I just haven't said anything yet." My undercommon feels foreign in my tongue. It's been so long since I've spoken it to anyone.  "Ah, well if you are with them I really do need you to go." He replies back in the same tongue and I shrug,  "I intend to-" Turning to the group, I swap back to common, "-Imogen do you have anything else you need to do? Something to leave or-?" She perks up and turns to the other drow.  "Oh, right. Right! This letter can you leave it in his office since I'm worried he'll miss it if it's just left under the door." The man sighs and takes the letter. Before ushering us out the door. I help him along with the more troublesome members. Letting him lock the door behind us.   "I assume we're up to something?" I whisper to Imogen who nods,  "Chetney is still in there." She whispers back and I nod. Honestly, everything I missed in thirty seconds, It's baffling. I leave Imogen to chat with Chetney. Going to check over our two friends who got electrocuted.   "Fearne, your hair." It's puffed up from the shock and she reaches up. We're being pelted by rain at this point.   "Oh is it that bad?" Shaking my head, I gesture for the fawn to kneel. She does and I gently begin to work on her frayed locks.   "Thank you Shulk, this is very nice." Humming, I decide to return the favor. Taking the chain she gifted me from my hair. Carefully braiding it into her hair.   "Happy to help, you do have a date in a bit." Little Mister chooses now to pop out of the fawn's hair. Racing up my arm and to my shoulder. My eyes flick to Imogen. The only indication as to what's going on. Her expression twisting as she talks to Chetney. What is going on in there?  "If things go south, I can always break into the tower." I whisper and she spins on me. Biting her bottom lip and twirling her hair.  "Chetney found some things including a hidden room, but the connection cut off." She starts pacing and there's a crack of thunder and lighting. The rain starts to really beat down on us. Shuffling, I focus on steadying my stance. Removing my hands from Fearne's hair.   "Hey Shulk?" Laudna sings and I give her my attention,  "Is everything alright? Is it your throat? Do you need to drink?" She pries and I shake my head,  "Not as of the moment. It only bothers me after a while and when I wake up. This storm is just-"   "Don't like them?" Ashton prods and I shake my head,  "No, like I told grass. Storms are everywhere back home. It reminds me of home. It's just- The Spires." I hiss and keep shifting on my feet.  "They won't drop from under you." Dorian pipes up and we lock eyes, "These mountains have stood for thousands of years most likely. One measly storm isn't going to topple them. Even if they did- we'd go down together." He gives me a small smile and I return it. How oddly reassuring.  "Shulkyr." I turn my attention to Fearne who is looking up at me, "I didn't mean to make you run away. You know that right? I was just really curious." The fawn pokes her fingers together. Looking more than a little rejected. Ah, this.   "I know. You just startled me." Reaching down, I gently grab her ear and rub the tip. She jumps and makes a face. Before giggling and practically melting into me.   "Speaking of, You ran like a teenager. Are you like Laudna and Imogen?" Dorian pries with a chuckle as the two women spin on him. Asking what in the world that means. After giving him a hard time. All eyes turn back on me expectantly.  "No, I'm actually twice divorced." Everyone stares, their jaws dropping.   "You- you're twice divorced? From who, why?" Imogen sputters and before I can answer. There's a loud crash followed by the shattering of glass and yelling. Everyone's attention snaps towards the tower. All warmth and jokes drain from the situation. Growling, I go for my weapon as I hear chuckling in my ear.  'There goes the night, ay pup?' 

  Everyone rushes to where we heard the shattering glass. Seeing a figure darting through the rain. Disappearing between hedges as they shout chasing after someone.

  "Imogen what's happening?" I call out to the sorceress who panics,

  "I don't have a connection, Laudna! Laudna can you message Chetney?" Imogen urges as we hear a shout. Ashton throws on a hood and starts walking. I join their side as we start making it that way. 

  "Things went south. You gonna wolf up, Birdie?" Ashton teases and I just catch their smirk,

  "You say it like I can control it, gemstone. But I can do this." As we start to get in range. I hear a shout and quirk a brow. What are they all doing? 

  Quickly flicking my wrist, I nick my finger. Summoning talons at the man's ankles. When he stumbles they claw at him. Tripping the man and sending him plummeting into the floor. Ashton snorts and barely holds back their laughter. When we approach the rest. Ashton takes the lead in talking.

  "Hey weird dude, you alright?" Ashton stuffs their hands in their pockets. Tilting their head and looking down at the pale man. 

  "I- I am fine! Did you hear that?!" He's looking around frantically and screams. Looking back, I see a frightening looking Laudna. Floating. Three feet into the air. Limp and unmoving as she goes. Coming in this general direction. 

  "Huh. Shadows, very terrifying." I deadpan and Ashton chokes,

  "Are you mocking me?" The man shouts and I start walking with Ashton,

  "Maybe." The genasi jokes as we carry on. Letting them carry on with- whatever the fuck they are doing. Because it's clearly working. Ashton and I reach the front gate. Waiting for the rest to reach us. It takes some time and they do eventually join us. 

  "Congratulations, you all successfully convinced the guards this place is haunted." I praise them and they all fluster. 

  Everyone chats and asks Chetney what he found. Leading to him revealing that he found a bunch of things. Several platinum, a trade map, a notebook, and he overheard two people talking. The names Ira and Nightmare King get thrown around. Fearne saying the latter is basically a fey boogie man. 

  "Reminds me of stories of the Spider Queen." I comment which earns me some questions,

  "The cruel mistress likes to test her children. Putting drow through 'trials' whenever the mood strikes her. Like spawning hundreds of venomous spiders in your lungs, and having them crawl out of your mouth. If you harm any of them. The goddess kills you instantly." I elaborate and by then Dorian and Imogen look like they're going to puke. Ashton shivers with morbid enjoyment, and Laudna is fawning over the gruesome description. Chetney has latched onto Orym. Fearne tries to pry for more of these 'trials' and stories of the Spider Queen's cruelty. Chuckling, I shake my head at them.

  "Maybe another time. Aren't you supposed to be going on a date? It's getting dark." My comment and mention of Pretty causes a frenzy. 

  They do have a date with the ogre. All the girls start messing with their hair. Wondering if they look good enough. Everyone else explains they have their own things to do while they go on their date. Ashton insists they have a lead to follow, but they have to do it alone. Orym, Dorian, and Chetney want to stay behind to watch the tower. Grass decides to join the girls. Just to witness what a date would be like. The sending stones get given out. Dorian taking one and Imogen the other. By the end of it, I'm the odd man out. Having nothing to do in particular.

  "What will you be doing, Shulk? You can join us. I'm sure Pretty would love you." Fearne fawns and I shake my head.

  "I am far too tired. Besides, I have a project to work on."

  "Oh, do you also have something to do on your own?" F.C.G. blinks up to me and I shrug,

  "Kind of- it's not productive really it's just- getting back into an old hobby." That catches everyone's interest. They question what I'll be up to as we head to the cable car. I quickly dodge their prying and jeering. Even as it puts a small smile on my face. It would ruin the surprise if I answered them. Imogen even tries to dip into my mind. But I easily wave her will away from mine.

  "By the way, are we meeting up at the Spire by Fire?" Everyone jumps and is quick to agree. I promise that's where I'll be and end up walking off with Ashton. Apparently they and I are heading in the same direction. 

  "Well- this got real fucking awkward." Ashton jokes and I grin at them, 

  "Guess so. The car you need a level down?" 

  "Yeah." Ashton and I just walk and I hear some chittering. Looking down, I see Mister has decided to stick with me for now. He's also reaching for a- flower pot hanging from Ashton's hip.

  "Did you steal Fearne's flower Ashton?" 

  "She took my chain, we're even." We're reaching the Spire by Fire by now. Pausing, I put a hand on their arm.

  "Yup?" It's tense for a moment as I remove the mask from my hip. 

  "If you get into trouble." They reach for the mask that flares in my hand. Zapping me with arcane lightning and I wince. Snarling fills my head and blood starts to drip from my hand.

  "It's just for the night. I just want you to take care of them. That's not so much to ask for is it, Thel'ador?" It's been some time since I've said the souls name out loud. The mask stops and the snarling quiets. 

  "That's real fucking weird Birdie." 

  "I know, just play nice with him. Throw the mask on if things go south. He'll take care of you. Even if he grumbles about it." Ashton takes the mask and I watch them put it on their hip. Ashton's eyes flick from the mask to me and they nod. 

  "Right, I'll bring it back before morning Birdie. Don't worry about it." Nodding, I can't help feeling light headed. The distance between myself and the mask already affecting me. My eyes flutter, growing heavy and I pat their arm.

  "See you in a bit, Gemstone."

  "See you Birdie." We part ways and I head inside the inn. Feeling a bit better that Thel'ador is with them. Heading up to Ishir, I pay for a room. Buying rooms for everyone else. For whenever they do come back.

  Heading to my room, I stumble as my limbs threaten to give out. Mister chitters and is crawling on my shoulders. Reaching up I pet the monkey. Kneeling beside the fireplace, I slowly get out my things. 

  "Hey Mister, can you start a fire for me?" The spirit leaps off my shoulder. Bounding up to the empty spot and setting it ablaze. Spitting out a small cone of flame into the kindling. Lighting the fireplace up with a roaring flame. 

  "Thank you Mister." I praise the monkey who cheers. Reaching into my things I pull out some treats. They've gone a bit off now. I'll have to buy more for when my boss comes. Still little Mister happily enjoys it when I give him a tart. 

  Letting the monkey inhale the food. I return to working on my previous project. The emerald and white glass clinks as I pick them out from my satchel. Let's see how far I can actually get before I lose myself without the mask. It never lasts for very long. Being alone. Unable to hear or feel the presence of the other soul pressing against my own. At least I have something to do, and little Mister to keep me company.

  Imogen, Laudna, and Fearne all enjoy their date with Pretty. F.C.G. watching from the side lines. Even as they grow insanely bored. While Ashton heads to the Lucent Spire. Fiddling with the mask at their hip. Getting in a cable car by themself. 

  They take the mask off and look it over. Getting their first real look at it. They had considered nicking it off Shulkyr before, but thought better of it. Since the drow hasn't shown of fondness for that kind of thing like Fearne has. It's a dark gray mask, looking like some kind of darkened steel. Though it has silver decorations lining it. The corners resemble flowers Ashton couldn't name if they tried, and what looks like spider webs decorating where the eyes would be. The center has some unknown sigil that seems to be in the center of the webs. Crafted from an unknown purple gem.

  They've kind of always known the mask is off. They had assumed it was magic. But they had never figured it had a name. Maybe they shouldn't be surprised. Shulkyr did name their weapon, Raven's Kiss. They still can't get over how childish and almost cute that name is. Like they named it as a child. Trying to be some kind of badass. 

  "Thel'ador, that undercommon or some shit? I know Shulkyr didn't fucking name you." The mask heats up in their grasp,

  'Oh, if only you understood the irony of that.' The voice startles the genasi. Who spits several curses. They shout, they should get used to voices in their head. Imogen fucking does it all the time.

  'You shouldn't genasi, this is not happening again. I don't take being removed from my pup, kindly.' The mask hisses into their mind. Taking a slash that shoots a migraine through their head. Ashton groans and glares. Putting the mask away.

  "Right, Fuck. I don't plan on using you, ya weird talking mask. Shulkyr's just being a worrier. I'll be fine." The genasi grumbles back as they finish their ride to the other spire. Where they walk through the streets. Heading to a black and green mansion. Passing through the gate and up the steps unhindered. Before knocking on the door and breathing through their mouth. Trying to steady themself. 

  "Nobody's here." Ashton announces and after a moment. The door opens revealing an elderly elven woman. The woman let's the genasi inside after a quick greeting. The mask thrums with power as a reminder of its presence. Which Ashton notices even while they refuse to talk to it.

  While Ashton faces down their demons with an unwilling guardian. The girls are turned down. Very lovingly and gently by Pretty. Leading the trio to tears as they start their own trek back to the Spire by Fire. The tower trio hides as a group passes them. Whispering about moving the office in the morning. Which leads them to discussing what to do. Considering breaking in just the three of them. Before deciding it would be a bad idea. Agreeing to head back to the Spire by Fire. Wanting to know what everyone else thinks they should do first. 

  Ashton is still standing there. Two massive statues watching their every move. While the elven woman tells Ashton about a potential job. They shuffle on their feet and keep their gaze down. Knowing better than to look their matron in the eyes. They traded all their information. Not revealing anything about Dorian and his brother. Since that could only make things turn sour.

  Their hand brushes back and forth over the mask. While they don't plan to use it, and they sure don't like the talking piece of shit. They like the symbol of care from the drow. They know it means something. 

  Hexum seems to dismiss Ashton. Who nods and starts to leave as told. Barely holding in their sigh of relief.

  "One last thing." The genasi stops and lifts their gaze with a hum,

  "Where did you get that mask?" Their blood goes cold and they swallow,

  "One of my crew gave it to me. Good luck charm." Ashton doesn't want to talk too much about Shulkyr. They were a cop that worked for a pirate captain. They pissed off Voe. Who knows if Shulkyr met and forgot Hexum.

  "Then I suggest being weary of them." The old woman hums and Ashton makes a face, "That mask is dripping with necromancy. Now get it out of my home." The woman waves the genasi out. They're quick to leave as they're told. Heading back to the Spire by Fire. Necromancy? What is Shulkyr doing with undead shit?

  'Undead isn't entirely accurate. You're not the only one with contracts.'

  "I don't fucking like you."

  'Trust me Pyrite, the feeling is mutual.' 

  When everyone gathers back to the Spire by Fire. They go to Ishir who happily hands them keys. Informing them Shulkyr bought everyone rooms. Ashton decides they're going to go grab Shulkyr. Encouraging everyone to buy drinks for when they all settle down. Everyone else finds a table and Ashton finds Shulkyr. They find the door unlocked and are about to call for the drow. Pausing when they see the hunter.

  They've slumped against the wall, completely limp. The little fire spirit curled up on their leg. Ashton panics for a moment. Nearly racing over to the drow. Except on one heavy step Shulkyr shivers and snorts. Revealing they're not hurt this time. No, they've just fallen asleep. 

  "Oh fuck's sake." Ashton sighs and just walks over. Taking a look at what Shulkyr was up to. They're lying in front of a fire. Various tools and vessels scattered about. One thing catches the genasi's eye. They kneel and see what is glittering in the firelight. 

  'Ah, so they finally finished one. The halfling's gift.' The mask hums and Ashton nearly leaps. Fuck, they had nearly forgotten. It gets weird when they're quiet for a while. Ashton decides to move the tiny, fragile piece out of the way. Not wanting it to get stomped on by a drowsy drow or anyone else. 

  "Hey, Shulk." Ashton quietly whistles as they try and gently shake the hunter awake, "Birdie. I'm back." 

  "Mmhm'five more minutes." They mumble and Ashton snorts. Hearing the monkey start to wake up. It screams upon noticing Ashton and leaps up onto Shulkyr's shoulder.

  "We're probably gonna do crimes in a minute. So we need you up. Plus the girls wanna talk about their date." Ashton eventually manages to rouse Shulkyr. Who grumbles and takes in Ashton. The genasi jumps when Shulkyr cups their chin. Turning their head and giving them a sleepy once over. The genasi snorts at that.

  "I'm fine, Shulk. Take your damn mask back. It's been insulting me for the last hour." Ashton jokes and Shulkyr lets out a choked laugh,

  "You think he treats me any better?" The drow croaks and makes a face. Grappling blindly for their hip flask. Taking a deep swig of the cider. Letting the drink lubricate their throat. Easing the burn while Ashton laughs. 

  Shulkyr still takes the mask back. Earning snark from the spirit inside. But their mind is still too hazed over to register anything but how exhausted they feel, and they're relief at Ashton being alright. The drow's gaze slowly goes over their mess and they sigh. "Fuck, why is making things hard?" 

  "Cause making shit requires talent and luck and skill and patience and a bunch of other shit. What were you making anyways?"

  "Who knows. I was just fucking around and seeing if I just kind of- made something decent." Shulkyr admits while cleaning up. Putting things aside. In case they come back and can't sleep. It would give them something to do. Ashton helps them up and they return to the rest. 

  "By the way, the mask is an asshole." Ashton jokes as they re-enter the tavern. Stopping by Ishir to get more cider for Shulkyr.

  "Yeah he is. Sorry about that." They join the rest at their table. Shulkyr's spiritual companion back on their hip. With Little Mister leaping back to Fearne. Earning him kisses and cooing. Some of them perk up seeing the drow. They yawn and the others ask if they bothered them. Which earns them a shake of the head. 

  "No, I fell asleep while tinkering. Speaking of- Little Mister was very helpful." Another pastry is pulled out by the drow. Who lets the fire spirit snatch it. Devouring the cream puff and getting Fearne to laugh.

  "Oh, did you help Shulkyr? My good little boy." Fearne cooes and they just watch. Shulkyr does enjoy the fire spirit. Even if he could be more sanitary. 

  "So how did everything go?" Shulkyr asks and just patiently listens to them. Being particularly attentive when the girls talk about being rejected by Pretty. Especially when they note how Fearne seems genuinely upset with that. Dorian's teasing really doesn't help the pouting fawn. So reaching over Shulkyr pats the satyr's shoulder.

  "I do think it's better. Pretty may be a good friend, but I don't imagine he would have been a long term match for you, Fearne." 

  "Oh!" Laudna claps her hands as Fearne smiles at me, "Speaking of relationships. Shulkyr, I believe you mentioned being twice divorced. What the fuck is up with that?" Laudna asks, leaning onto the table and beaming at Shulkyr. Everyone bursts into laughter at the question. 

  "Are we playing What The Fuck is Up With That? Shit, should I buy a bottle? I'm buying a bottle." Ashton declares getting Ishir to come over. Paying for a bottle and some glasses. Which the lion man is happy to hand over to us. Shulkyr just gets their refilled flask at the ready. It may not be liquor, but they will be happy to play by rules as if it were. 

  "Ok, so we starting with this?" Ashton gives Shulkyr a look and they shrug,

  "Yeah, I don't mind." 

  "Sweet, so your exs, what the fuck is up with that?" Ashton pries and Shulkyr shrugs,

  The drow hums and has to think about it. Before they decide what they should and shouldn't share. "Alright, so obviously, I'm twice divorced. The stories aren't that interesting, but they are fairly odd." That causes everyone to lean in towards the drow. Curiosity buzzing around each of them. Waiting for the story inpatient and wide eyed.

  "I guess I'll start with my original husband?" I'm not really sure what to say. They're not particularly interesting. At least, not my former marriage partners. 

  "Oh it was man?" I nod to Fearne's question,

  "Yeah, he uh- fuck his name was something like Veric?" That causes some silence and I look around. Seeing they all seem surprised.

  "Wait, you don't know your first husband's name?" Imogen seems baffled and I make a face,

  "No, I do It's- Look, we had an arranged marriage. I was still a kid, he was still a kid. We didn't even meet until the day we got married. We didn't hate each other, but we didn't like each other. We were indifferent and just kind of- there was a solidarity between us." 

  "I don't mean to disrespect your marriage, but that sounds miserable." Dorian shakes his head and I nod,

  "I mean it was. We both had relationships on the side. We sat together during events and whenever we needed to. Our relationship ended in a pretty entertaining way at least."

  "Did you poison him?" Fearne asks,

  "Run away with your lover Romeo and Juliet style?" Laudna follows up,

  "Did he leave you?" Imogen asks, 

  "You break up and marry someone richer cause your folks said so?" Ashton tosses in their thought and several more versions are tossed around. Looking around, I can't help smirking. So close and yet so far away. It's comedic.

  "Uh no, no, he couldn't have we're drow a man can't decide things, and no. I faked my death." 

  "YoU WhAT!?" All jaws drop and they stare at me. Shrugging, I just give them a sheepish smile.

  "We got sick of it and mutually agreed we wanted out. He's well- he was a man and my den was very traditional. Men are less than slaves back home. He couldn't decide to leave me. The den wouldn't accept it."

  "Your family sounds like assholes." Chetney pops up and I nod,

  "They are. Anyways, Considering my own position in the den no one would respect me leaving him either. So the best out we saw was faking a death. Thing is- my half sister had her eyes on him. He was returning it. So he wanted to stay in the den. I wanted out. So I was the one to go. Made a deal with a necromancer to teach me some death magic. Used false life and faked being poisoned. He got my body out and I woke up in a grave. Dug myself out and fucked off. Never went home, never heard from home, didn't want to." My story closes and I take another drink. Everyone sits there, just taking it all in. 

  'Oh that was a fun night. I distinctly remember a poisoned liquor and a close encounter with a shambling mound.' Thel'ador snarks and I drop a glare at the mask. Why do you always bring up the worst things? That was a good night for the both of us. 

  "Wait, so you didn't officially divorce him then?" My gaze flicks back up to Chetney. Who seems to be the first to pipe up.

  "I suppose not?" Quirking a brow at the gnome. I wait to see where he's going with this,

  "So you're technically still married to this guy."

  "I guess?" After faking my death. I never really considered it. That chapter of my life just closed. I never considered my den and ex husband again.

  "Fuck, now I'm really curious about what happened with ex number two." Ashton mumbles and takes a shot. My blood goes a bit cold thinking about that one. Swallowing, I take another drink. 

  "Sorry, that one is going to take some actual liquor in my system." That earns me some looks as I hear a rumble in my head.

  "That bad?" Orym asks giving me a gentle look and I give him a weak smile,

  "I'm not proud of that one." 

  'No one in their right mind would be. Even I wouldn't fall that far.' The spirit isn't mocking per se. But the disappointment is so potent I can almost taste it. I hate it.

  "Is that one before or after your boss?" Fearne presses and I sip,

  "Before, but not by very much." She gasps and seems excited by that for some reason.

  "Are you still married to that one?" Chetney shouts and I wince,

  "Married? No. Bound? Unfortunately." Topping off my cider, I make a face.

  "Ok, my disaster of a love life aside. Are we breaking back into that tower tonight or what?" Everyone looks around and nods,

  "Yeah. Let's go." Orym takes the lead and we head out. Getting ready to break into the moon tower yet again. Hopefully it won't end with a chase this time. 

  On our way back to the towers I turned over what everyone shared. Sure, I was mostly focused on the girls at first. But now that I'm left to my thoughts. I can't help getting this nagging feeling about Ashton's story. It's leaving a sour taste in my mouth and my gut is saying something about it is wrong. Speeding up I end up getting to their good side. Leaning in, I start to pry. "So you had your back turned and were sent through a window into your fall?"    Ashton gives a nod, "Yup, it's what happened."   "And you woke up thanks to Milo."  "Yup." The genasi confirms and glances at me,  "Shouldn't you be smug or some shit? You kind of called it." Ashton presses back and I make a noise. It's somewhere between a choked sound and a whine.   "I suppose I just- They left you." I state it and they nod,  "Yup, told you. I would have done the same. Sometimes it's what you have to do in this line of work." Ashton presses as we finally reach the outside of the compound. "Come on, you've had to do it yourself at some point Birdie."   "If you count my husband." I counter feeling a bit upset at their implication. They glance at me and raise a skeptical brow. "Otherwise- Not of my own volition. Preferably, never again. I'd rather go back to that grave in that damned swamp." Before Ashton comments on that. We hear some clanking as a guard approaches us. Imogen and Fearne instantly play drunk. Imogen talking about the ghosts.   They talk to the guard and flatter him. He encourages us to leave. Before turning back to the gate. I watch as a face appears through a hedge. Pale and twisted as the guard freezes in place. The spectre lashes out at the guard and he bolts.   "I can't believe this lie is working as well as it is." I sigh as Orym hops onto the wall. Taking a look and sharing what he sees. Let's hope we can draw some stealth out of us.  "Shit, everyone else go. Give me a second." Orym tosses a rope over and I let everyone else go first. Waiting until Ashton gets on the other side. So they can hold the rope while I go over.   "Fuck Birdie, why are you so damn heavy?" I hit the ground and we tie off the rope. Before ducking down next to the rest.  "Where do you think all that muscle in my wolf form comes from?" I snarl back and they grin.   "Asshole." We're jeering each other before focusing back on the task. Sneaking across one of the paths. While Orym ushers us over I see a light turn the corner. Shit.   Another guard comes uncomfortably close. Waving their lantern over a hedge barely illuminating Orym and Chetney. Tensing up, I stay pressed to the grass. Locking eyes with the others. Who are all silently panicking. It's, presumably, Laudna to the rescue again. When the guard is drawn away by a noise. Then a phantom girl appears. Cloaked in white and hidden by her hair. Until her head snaps up revealing hollow eyes and a missing jaw. The phantom rushes the guard who hits the ground.   "Laudna, you are eerily good at this." I praise and she beams,  "Oh thank you, I've had a lot of practice." We sneak further along and make it to the moon tower. Working together everyone sneaks into the window. Entering the office Chetney escaped from. I'm instantly hit with some odd stench. Snorting, I wince and shiver.  "Shulk?"  'Be wary pup, something far beyond you is here. That stench. I know that stench.'  "Who?" I hiss to Thel'ador, but I've lost the spirit. He's reverted to a snarling mess. His aggression is filling my head. Making my form shake and I feel the ache. What-? What is he doing?  "Shulkyr?"   "Oh no, I think we're losing them."  "Birdie, shit, can you do this again?"~•~

  The party watches their companion's eyes go dark. Their form shakes as they let out a noise. It's a pained one, almost afraid. It's Fearne who approaches them. Recognizing it for what it is.  "Shulkyr, what's scaring you? Is something down there?" Another whimper as Shulkyr backs away into the wall.   "Chetney, are you going down?" Imogen asks and the gnome confirms it. Sneaking down along the path. While Fearne is attempting to soothe the frightened werebeast.   There's a crackle of some arcane lighting. As Chetney hears a ominous humming of a tune he doesn't know. Seeing a tall, spidery pale figure walking around. Who seems to be talking to something beyond their sight. There's a clatter as something in a cage struggles. Earning mocking from the creature.   "What are you up to you sick bastard?" Chetney barely resists calling out to the voice. Recognizing it as the voice of Gurge. Chetney listens to the unnatural figure go on a rant. Wanting to share Gurge's gift with others. The gnome takes a chance to sneak further inside the room. Trying his best to keep an eye on Gurge.   Imogen watches Shulkyr in horror. She's never seen the other actually transform. It's been nothing but horrifying so far. The drow's face has started to stretch. Their jaw snapping to reveal growing fangs. Their arms are growing and their skin is tearing. Twisting into angles that aren't natural to the drow.   "Shhh~ Shulkyr it's ok. We won't let whatever is down there hurt you. I promise." Fearne pets the partly transformed drow's head. Earning whimpering and shaking from them.  "Imogen, what's going on with Chetney? I think Fearne has Shulkyr." Orym whispers and draws his blade. Eyeing the werewolf and then the staircase. He trusts Fearne to know what to do. He can't care for the werewolf like she can. So he focuses on dealing with what's causing the fear. Since that is something he can handle.  "Ok, I- Yeah, hold on. I'll reach out." Imogen reaches out to the gnome's mind. Thankfully the connection is still there.   'Chetney, do we need to come down?' Imogen asks and the gnome jumps. This ghost stuff is getting to him.  'Yeah, you should. I'm watching but you need to be careful. There's a guy down here. Ashen skinned, lanky, spidery, elf ears, makes Laudna look like a model. He's got Gurge and he's in a cage!' Chetney shares and that makes Imogen worry.  "Oh my gods. Guys, Chetney says someone's down there. Someone. Creepy. Probably torturing Gurge. I- Do you think that's what is freaking Shulkyr out?"   "Shit, maybe?" Ashton rubs their neck and Laudna has joined Fearne in soothing Shulkyr.   "Likely, but does Chetney need us?" Dorian presses and Imogen nods. That causes everyone to jump to action. Prepping for a fight before sneaking downstairs.   "Shulk, we're going to take care of everything. You stay up here. We'll be back before you know it. Promise." Laudna pats Shulkyr's head and they all head downstairs. Except for F.C.G. who waits at the top of the staircase. Watching a cowering Shulkyr. Who stumbles and seems to try following the last one down. The robot makes to reassure the whining werewolf. Before hearing something that stops them.  "Don't- Don't go." It's garbled and barely understandable between the whines and pain,  "Don't leave me- alone. Again. I'll do better-" Shulkyr croaks and seems to collapse under their curse. Drawn to the edge of their strength. The transformation taking whatever they had left. F.C.G. rolls over to them. Patting the unconscious hunter's head.  "We aren't leaving you Shulk. I promise. You just rest now and we'll be right back." The robot heard chattering downstairs. The robot is hesitant, but they roll away to the steps. Wanting to help their friends downstairs.   The encounter has turned tense as the figure has acknowledged everyone. Stretched far beyond their frame should be. Chetney has disturbed Ashton by beginning to strip down. Imogen tries to reach into the creature, Ira's, mind. Only to be scolded and harmed. The bookcase that reveals the lab below slams shut. Leaving a trembling drow alone as their eyes snap back open. ~•~  The Nightmare King drops three small blue orbs. They explode upon impact with the ground. Purplish blue energy pressing against the party. They struggle to fight it back. Just as the explosion fades and they shake off the burst of light.   The fey steps long legs back over the table. Which starts to lurch and move. Leading to everyone shouting, "I fucking knew it!" Ashton roars and gets a grip on their hammer.   "Hey Mister, can you run over to our friend there?" Fearne whispers to the wildfire spirit. Who jumps off her shoulders. Racing over towards the cage. Clinging to the wall to try and avoid the dark green stare of the fey being. Turning her attention to their enemies. Her hands start to crackle and she lets out a crooked grin.   She speaks in sylvan lashes out her blackened claw. Causing an explosion of flame to consume the table. While she approaches the figure. Snake staff curling and snapping at them.   "Hmm, who am I not to seize an opportunity?" Ira purrs and uses an orb. Summons a streak of lightning. Sending it in an eruption that crashes over most of the party. Ashton, Orym, and Laudna are seared by the wrath of lightning.   Imogen steps back startled and fights to keep her eyes on Ira. Focusing her powers she twists them. Throwing her will at the fey. Managing to knock out his sight. Ira isn't startled and twitches.  "Interesting, they've got some fight in them have they?" Ira let's out an almost twisted smile. His head just flicks as blind eyes react to the area around them.   Dorian catches sight of the cloaked figure behind It's. Before an idea forms in his head. The bard spins on Chetney. "Chetney, Can Gurge fight?"   "Well yeah!"   "Good! Good." Dorian spins and throws a spell. Condensing the air almost into a vortex. Just behind the Nightmare King. Ripping it apart and causing a massive explosion. While the fey recovers the table stops. The walls shake and when the dust settles. Gurge's cage looks like it's bent inwards.  "Free yourself Gurge!" Chetney shouts as Ashton races in. Flickering in their usual red and blue. Bringing their hammer down on the animated table. Which is stomping and trying to rotate and face Ashton. It kicks itself up and slams into their shoulder. Thankfully, only impacting their good shoulder.   Another animated table charges Imogen. Trying to slam into her side. She shouts and upon impact there's an arcane burst. Her mage armor just protects her from harm. She steps back shaken. Another piece starts to move. Trying to attack Chetney only for the gnome to deflect with his hammer.  "Face your maker!" Orym sees Imogen and hears her cry. Refocusing her charges her way. Leaping over to her rescue. Sweeping Imogen off her feet and getting her behind him.   The table tries to lash out again. Only to be met with the halfling's shield. There's a thud and everyone shouts. Hearing a roar and the sound of crashing from the staircase.  "Hmm, another friend of yours?" Ira wonders, distracted for a moment. Which Laudna uses to shift back and summons her black goo out of the potions and muck. Ensnaring the fey in her hex before throwing her dark magic at him.   "Oh, that feels colder than I expected." Ira hums before being impacted. Being sent into the wall though he seems undeterred. "Interesting."   Chetney has stripped down to his underwear now. Carving his chisel across his pec. "The wood shop is open!" He lunges at the chair. One table is also assaulted by insectoid limbs. Barely pulling back out of range. Everyone hears another roar this time from the back of the chamber. Seeing what was formerly Gurge transformed. Now standing as a massive, grey wolf. Taller than even the other werewolf they know.   Gurge grabs the bars of his cage. Tearing them from their place and tossing them aside. Before stepping out snarling and snapping. Turning his attention on the blinded fey beside him. "Oh, it's on now buddy."  F.C.G. focuses and summons a massive mug. Slamming the spiritual weapon down. Though it fails to do any actual harm. The robot rolls down the rest of the steps. Going a bit too far and going flying. Crashing into the chair Chetney had been fighting. Shattering the chair into non magical pieces.   Mister races over towards Ashton. Screaming and throwing some flaming poo at the blazing table. Setting the rest of the table ablaze. Sending it collapsing in pieces. Fearne, still clothed in fire, raises her claw. Summoning fire around it and sending scorching rays at Ira. One blasts into the wall and the others blast against Ira's torso. Setting his dark clothes a blaze.  "Ah, I guess, let's take the weights off." Ira hums and bends the shadows. Rushing the party with them. Sinking an ice cold fear into the party. Excluding Orym, Dorian, and Laudna who actually seem giddy. The spell achieves an opposite effect.   "Ah don't be a bother right now." The fey shakes their head at Gurge. Stepping into the sphere of fire. Then wandering past, raising their long limbs.  "Very well. I apologize for whoever is right here." One claw swaps for F.C.G. and Chetney. Only unknowing of who he's sweeping at. Aims too high and misses both of them.   The Nightmare King pauses before nodding. "Oh right, right. That's on me." His eyes clear as he grins down at the duo. Blindness no longer inhibiting his senses.   "Shulkyr! If that's you- we really need you!" Imogen cries and tries to focus her power. Her eyes go white as she unleashes her purple lightning. Arching towards Ira and impacting his torso. Creating a connection between the two. She backs as far as her magic will allow.  Dorian sprints over to Imogen, "Hey, how are you doing?"  "Hi, I'm doing just fine." Imogen answers the bard who tries to summon a horrid melody into Ira's mind. The fey flicks his ear, twitching.   "Music to my ears." Ira purrs, followed by a crash. Ashton blinded by a mix of their fear and rage. Drops their hammer down on the animated chair. Shattering it into hundreds of pieces. Backing up into a column they glance into a cage. Hoping not to walk right into another insectoid. They just catch their breath.   "Aw, adorable." Ira flicks an explosion of flame at Imogen. Lighting her hair a flame. Dorian helps her put it out.   There's another crash as Orym brings his sword across the remaining table. Managing a chunk of it. Before it slams into Orym full force. Even with his shield the halfling takes a severe impact. His arm aching as he shouts.   There's crashing as a hulking, dark furred figure joins the fray. Nearly leaping over those in its way. Snarling and snapping as they land in front of Dorian and Imogen.   "Shulkyr!" The pair shout just seeing the werewolf's ear flick,  "Now you've brought me another with the gift. How pleasantly surprising." Ira hums as the small werewolf snaps and snarls. Something off about their form. Since when has Shulkyr had flowers in their werewolf form.  Orym manages to destroy the table. Chetney sees Shulkyr braving the Nightmare King and sees Gurge. Storming over to the Nightmare King. "You think you're pretty scary don't you? But Gurge and Shulk aren't the only ones with a gift! Wait until you get a load of me!"   Chetney's form cracks and shudders as he takes on a new form. Turning into a small white werewolf. He lashes out with flaming claws. The Nightmare King moves his leg. Stepping back as Gurge cackles.   "How interesting and- unexpected." Ira manages before Gurge howls,  "That's my boy!" The biggest of the wolves charges. Lashing out at the back of the Nightmare King. Tearing into pale flesh and releasing mist.   "How many fucking werewolves are in this gods damned city?!" Ashton shouts after Gurge flies past them. F.C.G. rolls away taking a swipe from the Nightmare King. They stumble and help Imogen. Before saying something to him. Trying to smack the back of Ira's head.  "You spoke little tin man?" Ira unhinges his jaw blowing flames at F.C.G. Thankfully, the robot's metal doesn't burn and they remove the flames before it heats their circuits.  "Shulkyr, you came!" Fearne cheers as Mister throws another fire seed at Ira. The fey wipes it off as Calloway approaches him. Shulkyr whines and Fearne takes in their shaking form.   "You need to back off my friends." Storming right to the Nightmare King. Fearne raises her hands unleashing a burst of flame. Stealing his attention as he sniffs at her. Leaning very low to look her in the eyes. Despite lacking his own nose.  "You smell familiar. Like home. Like- Calloway." The Nightmare King hums,   "You are a very bad representation of where we come from." Fearne scolds and he growls,  "I am very proud of all my work, and you are spoiling my fun!" The fey complains before warping in shadow. Reappearing beside the squishes.   "Why don't you take a little break?" He transforms F.C.G. into a small metallic turtle. Before turning his attention back on Imogen.  "Now." He rubs his hands together and she swallows.   "That's a neat trick." Imogen breathes before disappearing into a cloud of mist. Reappearing a distance back unleashing more of her witch bolt. The fey grins and raises their hand back. Just as Shulkyr pushes their form in front of Dorian from his side.  "I am getting sick of these hounds. I only need one." Ira states before swinging at the wolf. Carving through dark fur and flesh. When he had intended to carve through the other instead. Shulkyr whines as Ira's claw racks across their neck and the left side of their face.   Ashton rushes back into the fray. Slamming their hammer into the back of the Nightmare King. Causing a splash of acid. "Hi, we haven't actually met yet."  "I'm getting a taste of your capabilities." Ira states lashing out blindly. Everyone hears a yelp and sees Orym hit the floor.  "This is going real badly." Ashton croaks as Shulkyr recovers. Letting out a primal rage on the King. Their jaw snapping at the King's arm. Sinking fangs to grey flesh as they lash out for his torso.   Orym wakes up hearing Ira shout. Seeing Shulkyr being lifted off the ground. Tearing into the fey with no regard for themself. "Shit. Ok."   He rolls onto his feet and runs. Taking a leap and slashing his blade across the Nightmare King. Missing his back and carving through his ass instead. His head snaps back to Orym who's bloody and stumbling.  "I can do this all day." Orym wipes their blood as Laudna rushes to Imogen. Asking if she's alright. Before flinging another spell. Missing the warping shadows.   Chetney snorts and sees the glow of a machine. Barely acknowledging it, focusing on throwing a chisel. Sticking it into the fey's back. Though the Nightmare King doesn't acknowledge him. Too focused on Orym and the other lycan currently latched on to him.   Gurge prowls, taking a slash and drawing back. When Ira dodges, almost swinging Shulkyr into the swipe. "Don't hide behind a pup, coward!" Gurge manages another strike. Clawing the arm the fey has Shulkyr latched onto. The werewolves are all circling him.  Fearne shouts, "Shulkyr! Come on Shulk, let go. Let go!" The werewolf whines and falls. Just as the druid slams the fire sphere into Ira. Before summoning a knife of ice and throwing it. Ira catches it and tilts his head. "You are a Calloway." The knife explodes in his palm after a moment. Ice spikes impaling his hand. After a moment he vanishes again. Reappearing the back room of the room. Holding a powerful looking acidic spell in his hand. He stops and makes a face. Glancing at the enraged fawn. Before releasing a heavy sigh.  "I hate to leave work unfinished as I take much pride in what I do, but-" He reaches back and takes a heavy chest under his arm, "-I've been paid half. Good times were had, and I have other ventures to ponder. You're as resourceful as I had hoped. Hopefully, enough to survive." Ira winks at Fearne before vanishing again. Shulkyr sniffs and whines. Fearne races to them while Ashton checks on the machine. Seeing if anything is changing about it.   "Should we chase after him?"  "He's gone." Chetney races back up the steps. Seeing Shulkyr was not gentle in removing the bookcase. Though thankfully nobody saw it. Otherwise the room would be full by now of guards.   "We gotta go. We gotta get out of here now." Ashton rushes them   "Hey big puppy, this thing good?" Ashton calls to the wild man who shakes.  "Oh no, absolutely not. It was supposed to be released tomorrow." Gurge growls, Imogen and Fearne start talking. The machine starts getting really loud. Urging Ashton to push everyone out.  "Birdie! Birdie, help me out, we need to get them to move! Now! Now!" Shulkyr perks up at Ashton's orders and swipes up Dorian. Throwing the yelling air genasi onto their back. Turtle F.C.G. still stuffed in his breast plate. The wolf bolts upstairs barreling through the window. Everyone races upstairs, Fearne after she collects Little Mister and throws the caged beast a stick, and follows after them. One guard is unfortunate enough to see them. Being frightened by the presence of the werewolf.   Racing away at the sight of three of them. While Gurge and Chetney turn back. Shulkyr stays shifted and races away with their friends. Behind them the humming goes quiet. Before a massive explosion takes place. Sending rocks and debris crashing into the spire below. Chetney manages to avoid a crashing rock. While Shulkyr is not so lucky.   The werewolf has enough time to throw the duo they were carrying off. But they take the full impact of a piece of the moon tower. Sending them crashing into the ground. Completely unconscious as their form shivers and shrinks. Reverting them back into their drow form.  "Shulkyr!" Ashton races over to the drow. Getting Gurge help in removing the debris. Ashton picks up the drow and checks them over.   "Fuck. Who had a potion?!" Dorian has pushed himself up by now. Tossing Ashton a health potion. They're quick to pour it down the drow's mouth. Tossing the glass before carrying them away.   "Come on, we gotta go. Come on." Ashton carries Shulkyr over to the cable car. Gurge grunts and everyone goes. Once they all get into the cable car. They relax and start to talk with Gurge. Trying to figure out what the Nightmare King was doing with him.  "Did you bite him?" They point to Chetney and Gurge denies it,  "Wait- so you can infect people?" Ashton checks and Gurge grunts,  "Course we all can."  "Not Shulkyr!" F.C.G. pipes up and Gurge tilts his head. Taking a sniff of the drow. Getting Ashton to take a step back from him.   "She smells-"  "They." Fearne corrects and Gurge makes a face,   "They smell off." Gurge states and Chetney pipes up,  "I know. I wouldn't have known if I hadn't seen them transform! They don't smell like we do." Chetney states and that only confuses the party.   "Wait, smell like you do? You can tell each other by smell?" Imogen questions and both werewolves confirm.   "Yeah, but your pup here. They smell off." Gurge states nodding to the drow,  "They smell similar, but not quite right. More- natural. Like deep earth and dew." The group doesn't really get what that means. Before Gurge can elaborate they leave the cab. Heading to the Weary Way Tavern.   "Oh, and Shulk bought rooms for everyone at the Spire." Laudna pouts, even as they step through the doors. Getting a room, drink, and food to chat. Ashton makes sure Shulkyr gets the bed.   "Ok, so what the fuck is going on?" Ashton sits down, and makes sure to keep themself between Gurge and Shulkyr. Hammer still in their hands.  "Alright, then- I guess, let's begin." 

  Gurge is quick to answer questions even if he is a bit rude about it. Explaining he was helping Chetney for only a week or so. That he's from an order that used to hunt things like himself. Until he got bit and was told to come here and seek out an order. That should be able to help with controlling the transformation. Which reveals Chetney's real transaction with Gurge.   "Real quick, they had you bite people?" Imogen pries and Gurge shrugs,  "Yeah, would strap me to a table and cut me if I didn't." Gurge confirms, sharing what little he heard and saw during his time. Before urging he wants to sleep. Which Chetney agrees to let him do. Only for Laudna to wave at Gurge.  "One quick thing. Back to our buddy here-" Laudna gestures to Shulkyr. Lying still on the bed with Ashton still sitting vigil over them. Now dawning their mask.   "You said they smell different. What exactly does that mean?" Laudna hums and leans towards the snarling wolfman.  "Usually, we can smell each other." Gurge explains and Chetney pipes up,  "I think they mean how they smell off. Like I said, I didn't know until they turned!" Gurge growls at the gnome huffing and puffing about it.  "I don't know. I told you she-" Everyone glares and Gurge glares right back, "-They smell different. They smell like us, but I had to look for it. They're different enough that I couldn't pin it. They don't have the smell of- they don't smell of the curse." Gurge fumbles trying to explain. Which earns him some looks.  "The curse has a smell?" Dorian pries,  "Yeah, I guess."   "Ok, hold on-" Orym starts only to be cut off by an annoyed growl,  "I just want to fucking sleep!"  "-Yeah, and you will. One more fucking thing. We're just trying to figure out what's going on so they don't rampage." Ashton gestures back to the drow. Gurge grumbles looking at the hunter. Before giving up and growling.  "One more."   "Oh right, Gurge, Shulkyr said they can spread the curse through bodily fluids. They specified saliva is the usual, but they implied other fluids would-" Fearne sings, smiling at the werewolf.  "What? Fuck no. Why would they tell you that?"   "So it doesn't work that way for you?" Laudna pries and Gurge shakes his head,  "No! That's fucking weird. I'm telling you, something is weird about your friend here. But I don't know what." That's all they get out of Gurge. Who they finally let go to sleep. He circles in spot before dropping dead on the floor. Everyone chatters a bit more. Checking out some papers Laudna stole. Finding they've gone blank.   Defeated and unsure where to take things. Everyone makes to settle down for the night. Ashton takes up the bed they're already on. Getting comfortable beside Shulkyr yet again. Imogen, Laudna, and Orym all take another bed. While Fearne, Dorian, and Chetney pile into the last one. F.C.G. goes into stasis by the foot of a bed. Leaving the party to go to sleep peacefully. ~•~

  Everything aches and I have a splitting headache. The first thing I notice beyond the pain. Is the warmth beside me. The softness of the bed underneath me, and the night sky swirling before my eyes. I must be wearing my mask. Sniffing, I get a familiar scent heavily mixed with old bold and sweat. Right next to me yet again.   This is the most consistently I've woken in the same bed as someone since my boss. It also keeps with me not remembering how I got there. Moving, I slowly take off my mask. Revealing a familiar sleeping earth genasi. Snoring away with their usual rumble. I just stare at them, what looks off?   'Pup.' Thel'ador calls to me as I tremble. Pushing myself into a shaky sit. I take a look and see everyone is still sleeping. I fumble for my hip flask. Trying to take a drink and discovering I'm out. Son of a-  My movement eventually wakes up the genasi beside me. "Mmhm, quit fucking movin. It'z too early."   I can't retort to them at the moment. No liquid to wet my sore throat. So I just pat their hip. Struggling to get off the bed without bothering them further. It fails as for some reason I've lost my balance. What happened when I transformed? Sitting on the edge of the bed. I see a figure curled up on the floor. Who is that?  When I get up, I hit my knee against something. Cursing, I stumble back and I turn my head. F.C.G? How did I miss the automaton? My knee throbs as I drop back on the bed. This time waking the genasi with a complaint.   "Fuck Birdie, slow down. You got hit by an explosion last night." Ashton grumbles and pushes themself up. Coming to join me at the end of the bed. They keep grumbling until they get to my side. Turning my head back I see Ashton. We lock eyes and they go quiet.  "Oh fuck, Shulkyr." Ashton breathes and I twitch. What? Something is off, why can't I place it?   "Hey, come here." Ashton urges me over and grabs my arm. Starting to guide me to them. They pull something out of their countless pockets. They start doing something with the left side of my face. It's starting to click what happened, but I need to see it.   "Guys, you're so loud. What's going on?" Imogen complains and I note they're all to my left. It sounds like they are at least.   "Oh, is Shulkyr awake?" Orym rises next and the talk gets everyone else up. Ashton finishes and pulls me into their shoulder. Even though it's their bad shoulder.  "Hey what's up?" Fearne speaks next and I flick my ear.   "How bad was it?" I whisper to the genasi who has thrown an arm around me,  "It's bad. Is your mask magic healing?" Ashton whispers back,  "Yeah." I confirm as I hear everyone gathering. The tension is filling up the room.   "Hey what's going on?"  "Shulk got hurt. They're not looking good." Ashton answers for me and I stay there.   "Where are we going today?"  "Birdie, you sure?" Ashton asks and I nod,  "Just give me a bit." I promise and they give. Directing the party around. Everyone goes downstairs first to grab breakfast and beer. Ashton gets to their feet. Guiding me off the bed and helping me steady.   "Was gonna happen eventually." I jump at the voice and snarl,  "Hey! Fuck off, they don't remember you right now." Ashton gets defensive and the figure just shrugs. I saw them lying on the floor before. Yet I couldn't get a good look at them. Before I know it Ashton has pulled me to their side. Disappearing from my vision.   "Just saying, our kind aren't exactly careful during a fight." The figure presses as we walk.   "I'm right here Biride." Ashton promises as they help me downstairs. Everyone is already downstairs. Eating breakfast and drinking to wake up. All eyes turn on us and go quiet.   "Oh Shulkyr-" Imogen gasps and puts a hand over her mouth,  "Don't." Ashton stops her and we settle down,  "Fucking hells you all! What did you do to that poor darling?" The madam comes over. Causing me to jump and rest against Ashton.   "Shulkyr, may I?" Dorian is gentle when he reaches for the left side of my face. His soothing magic rushes over me. Along my neck and up my face. I feel the familiar sensation of skin stitching itself back together. The aches and sores being eased away by gentle wind.  "Thank you Dorian."   "The Nightmare King got you good Shulk. I- I can't make it go away it's-" Dorian fumbles and sounds so sad about it. Maybe he had something to do with it then? I can see myself getting between him and an enemy.   "They must have be strong, usually my mask will heal just about any wound. Its fixed shattered bones and missing limbs before." I confess reaching for my face.   "Wait, do you- oh no. Shulkyr you don't remember any of it do you?" Dorian sounds even sadder and I'm not sure how. Old instincts kick up and I raise my hand. Taking Dorian's and giving a gentle squeeze.  "I remember sneaking through the garden, scaring a few guards, and getting into the tower. After that I can't remember a thing." That seems to make the group mood fall. They take my fragile memory rather poorly. It makes me feel oddly guilty. Even though I know I can't help it. "It's fine. I'm just glad none of you seem too hurt. Even if we're all a mess. As long as I wake up and everyone is fine. I am happy."   Everyone is rather sullen and the half orc comes with another round. Giving me a small bowl of fruit. Free of charge at her insistence. I give her a broken smile. My ears constantly flicking around. Taking in every sound and smell. It's like I'm a pup again. Experiencing my first court with how overwhelming it is. I usually block out these sensations. I'm trembling under the rush.   "We're going to Lord Esterhross right?" Everyone agrees we need to tell the orc what's goin on.  "Can we drop by the Spire By Fire? I left things there." I pipe up finding my head turning until I can see everyone. Taking in all their reactions.   "Of course! I'm sure Ishir wouldn't mind." Imogen is rather happy to agree. Soon enough everyone is on the move. Ashton stays glued to my dark side. We all take the long way to the core spire.   "We've got carts," "Person," They keep commenting. My ears flick and strain. Trying to sort out all the noise. While Ashton tells me what's coming up and who. How they're doing it, I don't know. It's clear they're used to having this kind of blind spot. The entire walk turns into a quiet lesson. The genasi showing me how to make up for it. Without directly explaining that's what they're doing.   We make it to the Spire by Fire first. Ashton and I dip inside and up to the room I had. Letting me collect my things. Including my finished project. At least one thing happened last night.   "It'll get better." Ashton grunts as they take up my side again. "Won't be the same, but you can make it work." We head downstairs and head to the bar. Calling to Ishir and getting his attention. The laughing lion goes quiet seeing us.  "That-" The man stops probably from a glare shot by Ashton. He quietly takes the keys and we head out. Making the rest of the way to Lord Esterhross. Which is thankfully much easier than the bridge. As the fear of not being able to see how close I am to plummeting doesn't grip me as tightly.   When we knock, it feels like forever. Before it opens and reveals Evelyn. She looks us over and pauses when she sees me. Her eyes going wide as her jaw drops. Evelyn ushers us inside and to Lord Esterhross.   The orc is drinking tea and reading something. Before I can fall, Evelyn has grabbed me a chair. Encouraging me to sit down. Ashton puts their hammer down. Taking roost on it just within my vision. Lord Esterhross raises his gaze and it locks with mine.   "I see the night has not been kind to you all." Esterhross states and everyone grumbles. Sharing with him what happened. By proxy revealing to me what happened the night before. When I hear the description of this 'Nightmare King'. I reach up for my face.   "This may come across as tactless, but I have to ask. Have you taken in the full extent of your injuries?" Esterhross is clearly questioning me on that one. Giving a shake of my head. I watch him gesture probably ushering Evelyn over. She approaches from my visible side. Holding a small mirror for me. Focusing on my breathing, I take a chance and look.   "Fuck." I breathe taking in my new profile. Shifting my clothes I take a look at the full extent.   The left side of my face and my neck has been reaped. Three long thin and dark, almost purple stripes have clawed from my ribs. Tearing in almost perfect lines along my side. Up my neck and through my left eye. Ending at my brow. Dorian's magic closed them and starting the scaring process, but it failed to repair my eye. Which has been carved through. The claws of this Nightmare King must be fairly large. As most of my eye has been removed. Dorian's healing at least stopped any gushing that had been happening.  "There's no fixing that." I mumble my cheek and the side were also ravaged.   "One strike did all that." I breath and rest back. "Fuck." Closing my eye, I feel a hand settle on my knee. Ashton doesn't say anything. But I've grown familiar to the genasi's touch. They're heavy handed, it's in their nature. But there's always some level of restraint in their movement. The genasi is well aware how much power is in their frame, and it translates into their movement.   "We can go to Milo, they probably have something to help out." Ashton prompts which causes some questions. Milo fixed them after they fell. Maybe Milo can fix an eye? While that would be nice. I find that's too much to ask of them. We haven't done a thing for them. Why would I be owed something like a replacement eye?   "It's not the first time I've been handicapped. I can get used to it. Just give me time." I promise them and they go quiet. Ashton just keeps a hand on my knee. Occasionally squeezing as we finish our business with the orc lord. He hands over five platinum. Ushering us to go to one of the other Spires. Where a spa called the Diamond's Horizon is. He encourages us to go pamper ourselves. Giving us cloaks and a new wardrobe to hide. Since we were, apparently, involved in a massive terrorist attack.   Ashton again takes vigil on my blind side. Dorian flanks my other and takes my hand. Seeming more for his own comfort than mine. Sighing, I swing the genasi's arm. Letting him walk with the momentum. Managing to put a small smile on his face.   Chetney parts from us to go buy a new chisel. Apparently, he threw his into the back of the one who we had been fighting. We get into a cable car and find myself desperate to hold onto someone. Heights are already bad enough, but not being able to see the fall. Arms find a place around me from behind.   "It's ok Shulk, I can learn to fly. Did you know that? I can learn to fly and then we can go to high places without you worrying." Fearne hums and she, assumably, rests her chin on my head. Happily hugging me from behind. Dorian chuckles and keeps his hand in mind. When did I become friends with such touchy people?   'They've always been touchy. It just hasn't been directed to you. You've been hurt, of course that would change.' Thel'ador gently scolds me and I sigh. I wasn't actually complaining. I was trying to joke.  'Don't. Humor has never been your strong suit.' The spirit retorts and I let out a whine. Sometimes I wish I could just block you out. Which earns me an annoyed growl.   "I'm glad you're not in too bad a shape. With that you said about a third time transforming." Imogen is quiet even as she smiles at me.  "Oh, I am- I'm just hiding it." I deadpan and her smile falls and I rub my neck. Hissing when my fingers brush the raw skin of my new wound.  "Speaking of things you said-" Laudna pipes up and sings,  "-We talked to Gurge about you."  "Yeah?" I didn't really get much of a chance to talk to Gurge. Though he wasn't particularly helpful from what I heard.   "We asked him about some things. Like he said you smell different from other werewolves. He also was really freaked out when we mentioned the whole bodily fluids thing. He said it didn't work that way. So where did you learn that from?" Laudna explains and I just blink,  "I smell different?"  "Yeah! You smell all wet and earthy and like fresh rain." Fearne sings and I tilt my head.  "That's normal?"  "Really? Chetney and Gurge said it isn't." Dorian seems at a loss and I mirror his expression.   "I- I didn't realize they were the same from smell. They smelt different from me and-" I trail off and they all stare,  "And? Is there another werewolf you knew who smelt like that?" Imogen gently presses and I shrug,  "-Yeah. As for the bodily fluids thing. That's how it worked for us." I don't really know what to say.  "Actually if we're talking about this. Shulkyr, we never asked. What happened?" Fearne pries and I drop my head back,  "What happened when-?"  "When did you get infected? Chetney and Gurge said they got bit while hunting." Silence follows and I just stare at Fearne. I decide whether or not to lie about it. After a moment, I decide it's not worth it. They already know I'm a werewolf. What harm is there in being truthful?  "Shulkyr?"   "I never got bit." I whisper and they make faces.  "What?" "Sorry?" Various reactions fill the small car.  "I never got bit." I restate it, before deciding I need to clarify. "I've always been this way. I don't remember ever being bit. I transformed for the first time as a kid with my dad. He took care of me during it. I remember it hurt, but I don't remember being bit by anything. I never even saw a wolf-like creature until I was allowed topside after my first century." More quiet follows as they sit on that.  "You've always been this way?" Dorian repeats and I nod,  "That sounds so weird. Like all these werewolf shenanigans here. Then more back in Wildmount. In fact aren't both Gurge and Chetney from Wildmount too? That's like three werewolves all from there. It's like- all connecting together again!" Laudna seems giddy and I smile at her. Her unshakable joy is something I can appreciate. It is a very odd coincidence now that she says it.  "Gurge did tell us about a big group of werewolves here. Maybe they'll know what's up. Cause clearly something is up." Ashton states from my side. I can't help craning my neck to look at them.   "You're not normal even by their standards. You got forced through surgery so your bite doesn't infect, but your other fluids- fuck that's so weird to say-" Ashton makes a face and shakes their head. Which puts an amused smile on my face. The car comes to a stop and the doors creak open.  "We'll figure it out." Orym states and I look at the halfling. "First, let's all clean up. Ok?" Everyone agrees to just stop and relax. Leaving the car to head up to where Esterhross directed us. I wonder if this spa will be as nice as the other one? Hopefully, I'll be able to enjoy it without aggravating my wounds. I'm tired of sitting off to the side, and not remembering my experiences with this group.

  We enter the Diamond's Horizon and cough up all five platinum. Which earns us all the Royal treatment. One older tiefling woman is charged with caring for Fearne. While many focus on Fresh Cut Grass mostly out of curiosity. Imogen and Laudna remain in the water. While Dorian loudly shows Chetney what it's like to be pampered. Many try to get their hands on Ashton, but they're quick to turn them down. Though they accept polish and the chance to bathe.   "Ma'am, may I help you today?" I'm approached by a pretty uniya man.   "Oh?"  "I couldn't help noting the hair and the wound. It seems you may need a- gentler hand." The man is kind as he eyes my wound. Looking down I take in my state. My body suit has been ravaged. It's shredded, sticking to my skin, and my hair is still bleeding purple. Looking even worse than it had at Simgurh's Rest.  "Oh? Are you getting pampered today, Shulkyr?" Laudna perks up, finally out of the water.  "I don't know-"  "I say go for it Birdie. You liked being pampered before." Ashton pipes up, and I look back over my shoulder. My neck is starting to ache from doing this. I need to stop completely turning my head like this.  "It seems like a good idea to me!" Dorian pops in, "This is a good chance to relax! Get everything sorted. Get out the dye, maybe re-dye it if you feel like it!" The princeling presses, giving me a smile. Something about his warmth makes me give.  "Sure. As long as you don't open these wounds. They ache enough." I mumble and the man nods.  "I have experience with this. I usually handle those with wounds and missing parts." The uniya confesses and that makes me feel a bit better. So I end up going with him. Getting a private room and shedding my clothes. Putting my crossbow and things to the side.   "This happen during the attack last night?" The uniya gently prompts and I shrug,  "No, dire wolf incident. It got me good." He nods and slowly starts to tend to me. Getting oils and shampoos, conditioners and other things. He hums as he works away at me. There's something about the faint song that makes my eyes heavy. It almost feels like Dorian's magic. It's soothing.  He works away, letting oils and lotions sink. When he gets to my new found wounds. He grabs other things. Promising these are specifically for wounds. It won't irritate the skin and cause infection, so he says.  "Do you want to re-dye your hair? I have things for that, I can also cut and style it." The uniya offers and I sit on it. Trying not to flinch at what pain his hands make me feel.   "I don't know- It's a pain to keep." I mumble, wondering what the others would think. Honestly, I'm missing an eye. At this point, what harm would having my natural hair do? Despite that I find the words refuse to come out. I'm just sitting there messing with my hands.   Instead of answering, I just let the uniya carry on. Going along my wounds. Massaging my jaw and working my ears. It feels heavenly to my bones and aches. Melting, I hear some chatter and Orym pops in. Stripped completely naked and seeming to look for someone.  "Need something sir?" The uniya asks and he looks at us,  "Oh, I was just clocking where everyone is. Are you alright Shulk?" Orym checks in and I give a nod.  "I'm good Orym. He knows what he's doing." The halfling nods and gives me a small smile.  "That's good, I'm glad you're enjoying it." Orym goes to leave and the uniya calls for him.   "Sir, you are friends with my client, yes?"  "Uh I suppose, they haven't told me if we're that far yet." He jokes and my ears droop. Flustered, I refuse to meet the halfling's gaze. The man chuckles and gets behind me. I feel their hands pick up my hair. Trying to turn my gaze putting Orym back in my sight.  "They seem unsure what to do with their hair. What do you think?" The uniya prompts and I wish I could shoot him a look. Orym seems surprised by the question.  "Oh well-" Orym tilts his head and seems to think about it, "-Honestly, I think your hair looks nice blonde or purple. I don't know how you feel about it. But I think you could pull off just about any color." Orym praises and I crack my knuckles. Unable to look at the halfling any longer. The uniya is still chuckling, sounding proud.  "Figured, they're a beautiful person. I just thought they might value your opinion more than mine." The man explains and Orym nods,  "We could get you a new outfit too. Your suit is kind of shredded." Orym hums and I nod,  "Yeah, I really don't have an opinion about this. Just- surprise me, I suppose." After giving the uniya the greenlight. Orym gives me a thumbs up and leaves. Relaxing, I sit at the mercy of the man. Who gets to washing my hair, massaging my scalp, and rinsing it. Before brushing it out and styling it.   "Tell me, other than purple is there any other color you'd like?" I sit and stare at the wall. Hearing scissors get picked up. So he's going to shear some of my hair? Ok, focusing on his question I consider. Would I be comfortable with my natural color, or any other color? I mean I didn't choose purple. My boss did that for me. Boss- Thinking of him makes the weight missing from my neck far more prominent. Causing a painful ache in my chest.  "I think green, minty green or maybe emerald. I could also go with a white strip or blue." He hums as he goes to work. Closing my eye, I just listen to the snipping. Letting him comb and cut to his heart's content. It feels like I've lost a pound or two. By the time the scissors are gone. He begins working on coloring. It takes some time and he tells me not to look. At least until the dye is done.~•~

  Ashton has sat outside the tub. Polishing up their stone while watching Orym practice with his sword. Buck naked for some reason. They're heads running circles at the moment. The Nightmare King was some kind of fey. Is that why his clawed fucked up Shulk so bad?   They don't get to think much more. Before they hear clopping and peek. Seeing Fearne appear in the doorway. Puffed up, smelling of peppermint, and with a bow wrapped around her neck. Matched with her many flowers and jewelry. Her hooves have even been shined. As she happily shows off to Ashton.   "Where's Shulkyr gone?" Fearne looks around for the drow,  "Some half orc dude took them away. They're getting pampered. Think Orym said something about where they are." Ashton directs the fawn to the naked halfling. She happily skips over to the fighter. Hitting him up with a conversation. Getting directions to where their blood hunter may be.   She leaves practically singing the drow's name. Trying to find her dear companion. Passing Dorian who's carrying a completely limp Chetney. She giggles at the duo and eventually hunts down her target.   "Shulk, you look-" Fearne takes in the drow's new style. Also blatantly admiring their naked form. Which has the drow shifting away from the fawn's bright gaze.   "Another friend of yours?" The uniya masseuse teases, earning a grunt from Shulkyr.   "Are you gonna wash your clothes, or are you getting something entirely new?" Fearne steps into the room. Cupping the drow's face and smiling at them.   "I was thinking new." Shulkyr mumbles, flushing as Fearne admires them.   They've cut their shoulder length into an undercut. The lower back of it has been shaved down. Swirling patterns styled into the back of their neck and behind their ears. Resembling flowers and tendrils. The purple dye was mostly removed, and replaced with a minty green. Being the brightest at their hairline before fading into their natural blonde color halfway through.  The only hint of their previous curls are a single bang. Which is curled and left to hang in front of their left eye. The end of it dyed lavender before fading into the mint. It fades nicely and strangely it compliments the dark purple scarring of the claw marks and destroyed eye.  "All your curls are gone, but I really like it. You look handsome." Fearne fawns over the drow who's ears droop.   "They do, they've got the sharp angles that just work perfectly for it." The half orc praises and the drow snorts.   "Where do you think we should get clothes for them?" Fearne asks him getting focused on the prospect of getting to dress up their drow,  "There's a seamstress store right next door. It's called the Weaver's Paradise." The uniya shares giving the drow a bathrobe. Letting them put it on.   "Oh that sounds wonderful. Come on Shulk, let's go."  "Uh, Fearne I-" The drow doesn't get much chance to complain. As the satyr drags them off. Leaving the Uniya to chuckle and collect their things. Walking back to the main group and handing their belongings off to the lilac haired sorceress. Since she's the first person he finds. When asked where the duo went off to. He simply answers with 'shopping'.  Once everyone has finished cleaning and pampering themselves to whatever extent they're comfortable. They all head out, planning to meet with 'The Anger' for Orym. Only when everyone comes back together. They all notice the missing drow and Satyr. Which puts them all on edge. Where could their first werewolf and druid gone off to?  "I doubt they would do anything reckless." F.C.G. hums and Dorian gives the robot a look,  "I'm sorry, have you met Fearne?"   "That's fair." Ashton grunts and Imogen pipes up,  "One of the spa guys did say they went shopping!" She looks around, curious as to what 'shopping' the pair could be doing. Orym takes a leap and gets a good look. There are countless other stores, but it's not really hard to figure out which the two went off to. Since he spots Fearne stepping out of one. Standing tall over most of the folk around her. He hits the ground and gets everyone's attention.   "Found Fearne." Orym announces and takes the lead. Taking everyone to the fawn.  "Fearne!" Laudna sings, getting the satyr's attention. She beams at them and turns around.  "Oh hey everyone!"  "What did you two leave for? Weren't you having a good time?" Dorian questions genuinely curious. He figured the fawn would adore being pampered.   "Oh, it was lovely, I finished up early. That tiefling woman was very talented." Fearne states with a nod,  "So you left to go shopping?" Imogen presses and the fawn glows,  "I just had to. I couldn't miss getting to dress up, Shulk."  "Wait- what?!" The other girls shout suddenly and are very invested. What does she mean by dressing up Shulkyr?  "Their clothes got ruined. So they needed new ones. So we went shopping." The satyr finally clarifies exactly what she's been up to. Just as she reveals that. Everyone hears some heavy clicks. Heads turn and everyone gawks.   "That bad? Fearne and the seamstress just kind of-" The drow gestures at themself. Having abandoned their cream leather. They look like they belong in Marquet.   Their new clothes are lighter now, looser. They've dawned a seafoam green tunic with a flared collar and left split sleeve. Lacking a second sleeve. It's embroidered with white almost silver thread. Their neck and wrists are decorated with beads. The sides are slitted and end at their mid-thigh. Matched with loose dusty, tan pants that flare at the bottom. The clicking is sourced from their black boots. Which just peek out from under their pants.   "Oh Shulk, you look-" Laudna breathes and Fearne giggles,  "They look really good right?! I matched it with their new hair." Fearne brags and Ashton whistles,  "Damn Birdie, green suits you better than purple. Especially with the fade." The genasi gestures to their head and Shulkyr joins them. Taking their things from a pink faced Imogen. Who's eyes keep flicking to the deep, loose v of their top. Before jumping back up to their good eye.   "You also bandaged up your eye." F.C.G. chirps noting their newly hidden left eye. They didn't just slap an eye patch over it. It's clearly medical and not aesthetic. Being made of white cotton and bandages.   "Yeah, I didn't want to run the risk of an infection. Thankfully, Dorian took care of the rest for me." Shulkyr praises and it causes the genasi to flush.   "I'm always happy to help." Dorian stammers and Shulkyr nods,  "I know. Now that all that I sorted. Where are we going next?"  "I figured we could go speak to the anger." Orym pipes up and Shulkyr nods,  "Sounds good to me." The drow let's the halfling take the lead again. Dorian is the one to take up their left this time. Before Ashton has a chance to take their spot back.   "Are you gonna put your armor back on?" Laudna questions and Shulkyr shakes their head.  "I tried. The metal grinds against the scars and hurts like a bitch. I think I'm going to have to swap to something like breast plate."  "We can make the stop. We're surrounded by stores right now! I can cough up the coin." Chetney speaks up and Shulkyr ends up taking them up on that offer. No one argues with it. Considering they don't want an already 'squishy' member to end up even easier to take down. It's not difficult to find breast plate armor that doesn't cover their left side. It takes some shifting around their new clothes. Yet the outfit is loose enough the chest actually fits underneath. The deep v now showing off the metal chest piece and leather instead of their skin. Which the drow finds rather comforting.   Everyone starts the walk to the Lumas manor. Eager to carry on with the day. Ashton catches a courier to send a letter to Jiana Hexum. Which earns them some looks. They just brush it off however. Forcing the attention back in the drow with a one worded question.  "Satisfied?" Ashton gestures to the breastplate.  "Yup, I'll tinker with it when we have the time. Probably before bed."  "What are you gonna do with it?" Dorian asks from their blind side,  "Enchant it."  "You can enchant things?!" Laudna seems pleasantly surprised.  "Barely. My scale mail was empowered and so is Raven's Kiss. They're not impressive enchantments. They're just useful from time to time." Shulkyr admits and that earns them some fawning. Some of the magic users ask if the drow could enchant something for them or make them something.  "Not at the moment- I'm working on something." Shulkyr mumbles as they arrive at the manor. Wardens greeting them at the gates.  "Orym." The halfling looks to Shulkyr who locks eyes with him.  "We're here." Shulkyr states and He slowly nods,  "We're here." He agrees and acknowledges Shulkyr's silent questions. Is he going to be ok? Will he go through with this? You know we're here for you, right?   Once the wardens let the group inside. They meet with Ela Lumas. The mother of twins killed in the attack and matriarch of the family. Everyone hangs back and belts Orym handle this. Since it's something only he understands the full extent of.   The halfling recounts the attack that took place in his home. Matching the nature of the attack on her children. When he confirms he's looking for the one responsible. Lady Lumas gets a hard look on her face. The wrath of a mother just simmering under the surface. She takes everyone inside to meet Oshad 'The Anger' Breshio. The dwarf is an impressive figure, even injured.   The discussion is mostly kept between the halfling and him. Bringing up names that no one else knows. Jarrett and an unknown figure named Estani. While they discuss the attackers. Shulkyr perks up and their ear flicks.   "Doesn't that sound like what happened to Dugger?" Shulkyr whispers to the group,  "I mean not one to one, but it kind of does, doesn't it?" Dorian agrees with the drow and everyone nods. Which earns some looks from Ela and Oshad.   "Dugger?" Orym turns and they can see the cogs turning in his head.   "He kind of caught fire though, didn't he?" Orym pries and Shulkyr nods,  "But he did turn into sludge."   "Orym's turned to snow didn't they?" Imogen pipes up and everyone hums.  "That's true, but the theory is it was a test run. And it was six years ago. That's a lot of time to test and redesign. They don't act like people either by the sounds. They're too in sync, but I can believe a bunch of magical creations absolutely could." Shulkyr hums, that part of their mind that's always fond of puzzles coming to life. Everything has been interconnected so far. It wouldn't be too shocking if this was as well.   "There they go- I can practically see them thinking." Laudna giggles and they hear a chuckle,  "You're companions are quite involved. Good." Oshad comments taking Orym's hand. Giving him a squeeze. Pulling the halfling's attention back to him. Grounding the fighter with his grasp.  "Having friends to help you along will serve you well. I don't think any one of us can defeat those things on our own. We'll have to take them down together." Oshad admits and Orym nods,  "You're right. Those things cut down some of the best people I know. It would be foolish to take them on alone." Orym agrees and the conversation doesn't get much further. Before Oshad complains the boredom will kill him. Deciding to take a walk in the Lumas garden. Chetney jokingly recommends that Oshad get a massage. Which the dwarf genuinely seems to consider. Lady Ela says her goodbyes. Going on the walk with Oshad. Welcoming them to ask for anything they'd need.   Everyone takes the chance to question one of the house keepers. Getting a bit more information about the twins. Though it doesn't particularly help them. Everyone leaves the manor. After leaving, everyone decides where to go next. Imogen pulls out the letter Lord Esterhross gave her. Explaining she's eager to go to the Starpoint Conservatory. No one has any arguments and can't manage to tell the giddy woman no.  So everyone falls behind Laudna and Imogen. Who knows where this conservatory actually is. It's luckily on the same spire. Sparing the more nervous members of another cable car ride. When they approach the new ones look around. While Laudna and Imogen head to the snobby receptionist. Showing off the letter to get inside. Getting the permission for Imogen, but only for Imogen.   "Enjoy the books Imogen, it sounds like heaven for you." Shulkyr jokes and Imogen flusters,  "I mean you seemed really interested-" She glances around leaning into the drow, "-In the books in the Moon Tower." She whispers into their ear.   "I could try and sneak you some." She offers and Shulkyr shakes their head,  "Don't tempt fate. Go study, find what you need. We have the time." Shulkyr sends Imogen away before finding a spot to work. They whistle and get Little Mister to race over to them. Helping them heat up their glass once they've found a quiet corner. Everyone else is chatting and discussing what to do. Occasionally glancing at Shulkyr. Trying to spot what they're up to.   "It's glass stuff, it has to be right?" Dorian whispers eager,  "It would make sense." Chetney comments whittling away at wood. Working on his own projects.  "We could just ask Shulk." Fearne hums trying to peek, maybe she can get little Mister to give her the item?  "Nah, leave'em be." Ashton has sat on their hammer.   "They're working on something. Let them have it. They'll share when they feel like it." Ashton pulls out some cards and shakes them. Trying to get someone to play to pass the time. While everyone entertains themselves. Imogen has become lost to the massive well of knowledge she's stepped into. She gets help from one of the employees. Looking for books about dreams, psychic powers, and red storms.   It takes the duo some hours to find the books she needs. But once she's gathered them. Imogen settles down and reads each and everyone. Finding one book specifically about dreams of Red storms. The studies on such a subject are scarcely done. But she reads through what they have. Noting her own mother's name listed among those who contributed to the study. She's deeply engrossed when she flips a page and freezes.  Many of the pages have been torn from the binding. Taking with it the main part of the study. Along with whatever answers she may have been looking for. She deflates and chews her lip. Who would tear pages out of the book? How long ago had it been vandalized? She was so close to having some idea as to what's going on with her. Only for it to be stripped away. Without another lead Imogen puts the books away. Defeated and confused on what to do next. She starts to return to her party, empty handed and disappointed.

  Many of the group passed the time however they could without leaving. Some just chat about nothing and everything. While Ashton took the chance to sleep. Shulkyr continued to work on their various projects. Pausing from their glass making to fiddle with some alchemy. Unaware of Imogen's despair as she tries to investigate who tore the book. Learning the last to check out the pages was the recently murdered twins tied to Orym. Which puts a sinking feeling in her gut.   Defeated, she returns to the party. Her head hung low when Dorian notes her return. Speaking up and getting everyone else's attention. Shulkyr glances, currently unable to walk over. Handling melting glass that is quickly cooling. But they show their attention with a nod in the group's direction.   "So how'd it go?" Everyone seems hopeful for her, and it makes her heart ache.   "I found- There was a book." Everyone brightens and she bites her lip. "But someone tore out the pages that had all the information. It had my mother's name in it, and it was about dreams and powers like mine. The scribe said the ones who took it out were the twins, but- I don't think he was supposed to tell me that." She's scrambling to explain. Saying the words aloud makes what happened painfully real. While some of her words don't hit Shulkyr's ears. They catch the tone as they dips the glass.   Everyone starts tossing around ideas. While Shulkyr packs up their things. Getting little Mister on their shoulder. Before joining the rest of the party. Piecing together what happened before the subject changes. Going towards the ball and Laudna wanting a tux for Paté.   "I don't know if you could get one custom for a rat. But maybe a modified doll outfit?" Shulkyr hums and Ashton perks up at that.   "Well there's nothing we can do this late. To the Spire by Fire?" Laudna asks and Imogen shakes her head,  "Actually maybe we should stay the night at Zhudanna's? We haven't checked in on her in a while." Imogen looks around frightened. Almost as if she's asking permission for something ridiculous. None of them question it though. Agreeing to go to Zhudanna's without pause. Imogen relaxes and smiles at her friends. Every heads out, finding their places. Laudna and Fearne end up flanking Imogen. Each taking an arm while Shulkyr leads everyone. Ashton, Chetney, and Orym hold up the back. With Dorian and F.C.G. kind of skipping around the group.   They make it to the old craft woman's home soon enough. The door barely budging when Imogen makes to open. Shaken as she is, she panics despite knowing the door tends to jam. Jumping when she feels a form take place behind her.  "Wha-?" Shulkyr reaches around Imogen. Giving a tug and opening the door with their comparatively impressive strength.   "I don't smell anything a miss." Shulkyr reassures Imogen quietly before pulling back. The purple haired woman relaxes at their words. They all step inside and spot Zhudanna. She's sleeping quietly in her crafting chair. Her current project curled on there lap.  Imogen relaxes with a loud sigh. Losing the last of her tension. "oh look at her, let's get her to bed. Ashton, Shulkyr, can we borrow that overwhelming strength of yours?" Laudna sings to the duo and Ashton nods to Shulkyr. Since they would have the softer touch. The drow steps up and carefully picks up the elderly woman. Who shifts in her sleep and asks what they would like for dinner.   Which warms the womens' hearts. Shulkyr tucks Zhudanna away with a softness that seems foregin. Before rejoining everyone and nodding. "Thank you Shulk. I- I think Laudna and I are going to stay here for the night."  "We can all meet up in the morning. Spire by Fire everyone else?" They all agree and leave the duo to their own devices.   "Hey Fearne?"  "Yeah?" The fawn gives Shulkyr her full attention,  "I was actually in the middle of making something and Mister has been extremely helpful. Would you mind if I kept him for the rest of night while I finish my project? Or-" Before the drow can finish Fearne snatches their hand.  "Of course you can Shulk! You looked really busy. I can't wait to see what you've been up to. I will get to see it, right?" The fawn is practically skipping as she beams.   "That's the intention." Shulkyr jokes and Fearne squeals. Taking wild guesses as to what the blood hunter has been up too. While a certain earth genasi smirks, but ultimately keeps their mouth shut. ~•~  Everyone meets back up later in the day. All of them fairly tired from not getting a full night's sleep. They talk about the ball. Deciding they need to go get clothes. They all make their way to a place Dorian spotted.  "This is going to suck for you Birdie."  "Oh?"  "You just spent a fuck ton for the new getup didn't you?" Ashton nods to their new ensemble.  "Funny, I didn't."  "Wait really, how?" Dorian seems baffled by that. After all, the sheer quality of what they're wearing should have cost them quite a bit.  "The shopkeep was a man who was very into Shulkyr's muscles." Fearne sings and nods. Earning a snort as the drow rolls their eye.   "Which he only got to look at because you dragged me out while I was in a bathrobe." The drow scolds and everyone jumps. Shouting in confusion and awe.   "Damn, did you get it for free?" Ashton asks, genuinely curious as they eye Shulkyr. Taking in the noticable muscle mass. The faintest scarring making gray knicks that almost seem like freckles or birth marks over their bare skin. Contrasting against the still dark purple scars from the Nightmare King.   "Ten silver." Shulkyr states and everyone stares in awe,  "I mean can you blame him? Look at them." Fearne giggles as they arrive at the shop. Stepping in, they take a look around. Admiring the countless fancy clothes on display. Dorian seems wonderfully at home. Like a wide eyed child in a candy shop. While Shulkyr, the other rich one, seems- not uncomfortable, but not nearly as ecstatic.  Dorian advises everyone what to look for. Something that looks good, but also suits them. That way they don't get called out by the rest. Chetney has an outfit he considers. Before balking at the price. It ends up being Imogen who takes a chance next. The seamstress showing her a simple cream dress with bell sleeves that would fit her form wonderfully. The price is much better than Chetney's jacket and coat. Which leads the gnome loudly asking if he can have a dress. The best the seamstress manages is a dress for a dwarf. Though the price to get it altered and have it is so much cheaper. Chetney doesn't hesitate to agree. Passing Shulkyr on his way out. Who grabs his shoulder.  "What?! I got clothes!" He makes a face at the drow who's frowning at him,  "You have several hundred platinum." They hiss and the gnome swallows.  "Well, I-" Their grip gets tighter and anymore might snap the woodcarver's arm.  "Hand me ten and your free to bolt." Chetney huffs and puffs as Fearne gets a sheer peach shawl to go with her lacy white dress. The coin trades hands and Shulkyr let's Chetney run. Before turning their attention back to the matter at hand.   Seeing several seamstress and assistants measuring F.C.G. They watch with an amused smile. Deeply entertained by the whole situation. Taking a chance they look around. Catching Ashton approaching a familiar outfit.   "Found something?" Shulkyr strides over taking it in,  "I don't know what it is, but I like it." Ashton states smirking,  "It's Krynn." That has the genasi glance at them,  "Drow stuff huh? Hey, how much?" Ashton gets the seamstress attention. Who explains it was a rare catch from Xhoras. Making it fairly pricey, and everyone sees the genasi practically wince.   "Here." Three platinum find their way into Ashton's hand. They jump baffled by Shulkyr's generosity.  "A present from Chetney." They whisper covering part of the price for the tux. Which Ashton gets measured for. In case they need any adjustments. Though they ask the seamstress keep it big.  "Why do I feel like you're up to something Ashton?" Laudna hums, wearing a dark brown wrap gown with an oversized belt and a fox pelt thrown around her shoulders.   "I got an idea. It's an idea." That's all they're willing to reveal. Grinning to themself while the others continue on shopping.   "Do you have any other Krynn stuff, since that's really up Shulkyr's alley?" Dorian asks, clearly hopeful, the seamstress frowns and shakes her head.  "My apologies, like I told your friend. Xhorasian imports are rare finds. Afraid I don't have anything else from the Wastes." Dorian deflates a bit before getting a determined look.   "Well, we'll find something." Dorian declares giving a grateful smile to seamstress. Then he joins the drow and whispers to them. "Shulk, you were a pirate right? Where was your main port, or- or maybe your favorite hang out? Is there any other culture you feel deeply tied to maybe?" The genasi pries, excited to help his friend. Shulkyr has to think about it. Closing their eye and digging deep.  "We stuck close to Darktow, but Darktow 'royalty' are just the biggest and the baddest. I'd have to say the Menagerie Coast would be where we called home more often than not. Except the ship itself of course."  "Did you like the coast? The styles there?" Dorian seems hopeful yet again as Shulkyr sorts their feelings on it. Recalling the past few years.   "I actually think you'd like the coast attire."  "Oh?" Dorian seems suprised by Shulkyr's declaration,  "Yea, the attire it's- the coast is a warm place, the sun is ever present, the salt of sea fills the air, and jungles fill most of the land. So their attire is usually one of two things. It's either hardy leathers and light cottons for practical clothing. Or it's flowing, light things. Silk, chiffon, ribbons, things borderline lingerie half the time. There was a woman- the Ruby of Sea. Everyone knew her, she was the most famous courtesan in all the coast. This wonderful bright red tiefling who always dawned this purple dress that seemed to swirl around her like water. Though on rarer occasions she wore a deep green one that had thin straps around the shoulders." The drow reminiscences, remembering the one time they met the Ruby herself. She was one of the most gorgeous woman they've ever been blessed to know. And her voice-  Shulkyr's thoughts are cut by a whistle. The entire party watching her with various levels of glee. For once, their ears droop and cheeks tint the faintest purple to match their newest scars. They clear their throat and refuse to meet anyone's gaze.   "Well, I do believe I have some imports from the coast that would match what you desire. Though similarly they are quite rare as the Xhorasian imports, but not as popular I'm afraid. So I tend to have a bit of a stock, if you'd like." The seamstress offers and leads Shulkyr away. Showing them a small collection of various articles that strike them hard with nostalgia. They've just barely left that life behind, and yet- somehow they long for it more than any of their childhood years, or anything Krynn for that matter.  "I will admit your build is closer to a human than drow, and your muscle mass may make some of these require- adjustments." The seamstress scans Shulkyr with a calculating eye. It's not often they have to handle such elegant attire for someone with such a defined build.   "Especially around the chest. I'm afraid these dresses would be rather loose with your size, and your shoulders- far too broad to simply throw these on I'm afraid." The seamstress hums and Shulkyr pauses,  "Yeah, I'm used to that." They pause and take a deep breath. Eyeing one dress at the very bottom.  "Oh that piece!" The seamstress seems suprised,  "A lot like the dress your ominous friend is wearing. That one has been looking for an owner for some time." Shulkyr pulls out the dress and admires it. Running their hand over the gentle, dark silk that flows like water between their fingers.  'Come on, spoil yourself for tonight moonstone. It's wintercrest! And you look'd so lovely in blue, I know it.' The honey voice practically sings to them right out of their memory. The drow glances around, nearly spinning to look. Half expecting to spot the pirate captain lazing against the wall. Yet nothing is there and they swallow. Apparently they'll have to deal with more than the mask's voice in their head today.   "I do have chambers if you'd like to let me see what will need adjusting?" The seamstress offers and Shulkyr nods,   "I may need a hat with this as well, or a veil, for my-" Shulkyr waves to their face and the woman nods knowingly,   "Ah light sensitivity. How I do not envy your people in that regard. Come, let's get you measured." The pair disappear for some time. Taking measurements and checking what needs to be adjusted. Before they're both satisfied. The seamstress sends Shulkyr off with an assistant to look for something like a hat or veil.  Returning to the rest, the seamstress checks what they would like. No one else really desiring much else. So they are gently ushered out. Everyone waiting outside for Shulkyr to come out. Who eventually decides on a veiled circlet. Which they ask for a sketch for. It surprises the seamstress but Shulkyr simply shrugs. "I plan to make a mask and I was thinking of making it to align with the circlet."   "If you're quick about it." The seamstress let's Shulkyr have a moment. They get a rough outline of what shape makes up the circlet. It's jagged, grey form feels almost Krynn. The veil connected to it is sheer and black, faintly glittering. The center piece being a dark blue gem cut like a dodecahedron. Two smaller ones lining each side.   Shulkyr thanks them and leaves. Rejoining the rest, "Shulk, did you find something you like? A dress, maybe a tux? Something else?"   Dorian presses seeming eager to hear if his friend found something. Shulkyr gives him a nod and a small smile. "Quite. It also gave me an idea. Though it's going to take some heavy adjustments. I'll come back to pick it up later. For now, where are we going?"   The party beams at that and chatter. Ashton mentioning all they can think of is a potions trip. Which leads everyone to the cable car, where the topic of money comes up. Imogen and Ashton grill Chetney about how much money he actually has after breaking into the Moon tower.  "He has plenty." Shulkyr chirps, which earns them a glare. Shulkyr only smiles and plays with Little Mister. Who has found his way onto the drow's shoulder again. It then gets shared Chetney found several platinum. A lot of platinum. Like at least over one hundred platinum.  They leave the car not long after. Everyone settling with the new discovery while they walk. Deciding to take the bridge the rest of the way, for more adjusting time, to the Trove of Marwa. The place they had originally intended to go before getting derailed by Advik. Eventually they arrive, feeling better than they had in the car. Discovering the place is covered in plants and seems to be made of a ship.   Ashton heads up to the counter and slams their hand on it. They make to shout just as someone jumps from behind the counter. "Yeah, what?!"  "Hello!" Ashton mimics the human woman wide eyed and grinning.~•~

  The energy of the atmosphere shoots up when the two meet. I listen to Ashton sound almost breathless. Explaining we're here to shop, and asking if the building being a ship is intended or commitment to a bit. Which earns them a nod and a simple 'yes.' The youth radiating off the pair is making my head ache. They chatter a bit before a speechless Ashton finds their tongue again.  "I need to know your name, I usually don't care about people's names, but I- I need to know yours."  "What's your name?" She mimicks him with a grin,  "Aaah- A-Aarron?" Ashton falls face first on their lie and I blink. Everyone grins and laughs as Ashton starts cursing a storm again.   "Funny so is mine!" The girl jokes arms crossed,  "Aaron? Really gemstone?" I quirk a brow and earn myself a defeated glare,  "Oh fuck off birdie, I didn't have one prepared. Ashton, it's Ashton!"  "Look at that, a bit of forthrightness and we're already on a good foot! The names Marwa Endalia. You?"   "Hm?" I gesture to the group curious as to who she's asking. She nods her head to me   "You, the one with the bad ass scar and tie dye hair." Marwa explains and I straighten. My ears flicking in a mix of amusement and annoyance. Though- Ashton's failure did give me an idea for some fun.   "Zahmera." I chrip without breaking eye contact, "Zahmera of Den Valefor, a pleasure." The lie escapes as easy as air and Marwa blinks. Making a face like she's unsure and considering it.  "Is that your whole name? Really?" She presses and I fight back a smirk. Hearing Imogen reach in my mind with a curious echo of the name.  "Zahmera is my name. No drow truly has a last name. Only the name of the den who owns them." I press and I can feel Ashton's glare. Fearne is giggling quietly as little Mister screams. Running off of me and over to his master.   "Uh huh. I don't know enough to about drow to deny that so I'm going to let that go. But you're going by that name now, like it or not." Marwa levels a look at me and I nod,  "When they slit your throat for it, I will not weep." I deadpan and everyone shouts my name. Breaking out into a fanged grin. I shake with suppressed laughter.   "Ok, she's pulling my leg. Dark humor kind of person, got it." Marwa nods, taking it surprisingly well.  "I'm a them, but you're a child so I'll let that go." I parrot her words and she grins at me,  "Ok, ok, I like you. You're something. What do you guys need?" From there things go awry in the best way. Orym asks for health potions. Which prompts Marwa to disappear somewhere to search. Coming back with several vials. Fearne tastes one and shares she thinks it's a health potion. Imogen opens another and a thick smog floods from the vial. Causing a whole fiasco for everyone else. My eyes however just glow faintly as I watch them flounder.   My attention snaps to Ashton when I see them side step. Getting beside Fearne and trying to grab- something.  "What are you doing?" The fawn quietly asks, but it rings clear as day to me. Smirking, I listen to the awkward moment of silence.  "Nothing." Ashton blatantly lies and I bite my lip. Something about today is making me feel- mischievous.  'It's the tiefling's wretched influence back with a vengence, I promise you.' The familiar growl fills my head and I hum. Already moving, I try to see just how much I can get away with. Quickly slipping past Ashton. Tugging at the rope around their waist just right. Catching the flower pot before it hits the ground. The smoke is starting to clear as I get beside Fearne. Managing to slip the orimental sabre off her. Stepping away, I watch them all turn to Marwa.   I 'borrow' some rope and tie the potted plant around my waist. Hiding it between my many pouches and belts. The sabre is a bit trickier, but I lean against Marwa's counter while everyone talks. The smoke is just about gone as I remove one of my hidden thigh knives and use the sheath to hide the sabre up my pant leg. Quickly glancing, I see the loose pants hide the sabre well enough. I really do like these clothes. Who knew how easy they made hiding things?  "Shulk, did anything catch your eye?" I perk up hearing Fearne's voice and she smiles. Letting myself smirk victoriously at them I shrug.   "Not at the moment, maybe Marwa can surprise me?" I joke and she giggles. Completely oblivious to her missing sabre. While the shopkeep goes to showing off her wares. Including a self tying rope, the vial of everlasting smoke, and trying to find a blood bag of some kind. People butt in and ask for the various things they want. Whenever someone hestiates about the price, I cough up platinum for them. Earning me a hug from several of them. I return them with one arm embraces. Until everyone finishes searching.   "So the shady one want anything, or do you just cough up money for'em?" Marwa looks me over. Currently taking in my position with an excited Laudna showing off the doll Ashton bought. With Fearne pressed to my other side. Forcing me to tilt my head and rest against Laudna so I don't get buried in the fawn's breasts. After a few flicked gazes she makes a face of realization.  "Oooh, ok, ok. You're one of those people? Your money for their attention right?" Everyone goes dead quiet and Marwa throws up her hands, "I'm not judging! I like your money to! Just not willing to go that far for it. You know to each their own." I blink and before I know it. My shoulders are shaking, and a fiendish cackle bursts out of me. It's so sudden and intense I have to grab something for stability.   "Fuck no!" "No way!" "That's not-!" Everyone shouts and refuses it. Except for Fearne who simply hums. Before getting this impish look on her face. Yanking me off of Laudna and right into her chest.  "I wouldn't mind! Though, I'd probably do it even without money. Shulkyr is just so wonderful." Fearne cooes while squeezing me. Owlishly blinking, my cackling stops for a moment before turning into plain delirium. Howling with laughter in a way I haven't in a very, very long time. I let Fearne keep me on my feet. Because my legs sure won't do it.  "Right, right. My bad, assuming makes an ass out of you and me and all that." Marwa waves it off and a steam whistles goes off.   "Oh, that means it's time for me to eat. Time for you to go!" Marwa is quick to usher us all out. Closing the door and locking it behind us. I'm still recovering when I hear a muffled 'aha!' Marwa apparently finding the blood bag she was looking for.   "Shulkyr-?" I turn my head to look at F.C.G. who's rolled over to me.   "-I can't help noticing. You seem in a very good mood today! Did something particularly pleasant happen that caused this shift?" F.C.G. gently pries and I hum. Shaking from the strange pleasant thrumming left by the laughter. It's even made me a little light headed. Straightening up, I stumble and get caught by a strong arm.   "Are you ok? You're shaking." Dorian gently presses from my side. Finally catching my breath I give him a slow nod. Not wanting to shake the insides of my head much more.   "I- I am. Fantastic." I breathe and he goes wide eyed. Concern getting replaced with a warm smile.   "You're doing stupidly well with only a few hours sleep birdie." Ashton whistles and I turn to them. Still leaning my weight on Dorian.  "I wouldn't say that. It's been- I- I haven't laughed like that in a very long time. It's actually made me. Very warm and dizzy." After a moment, I'm tempted to close my eyes. Wanting nothing more to lay down in some grass, or somewhere near water at least. So I can enjoy the sloshing of the waves.   "Do you wanna lay down? You look like you do." Orym calmly questions and I give a single bounce of my chin. There's a gentle grip on my hand and I collect myself. Opening my eyes just enough to see it's Orym.  "Marwa does have a waterfall. She said we had to leave the store, not the land." Orym smiles and we got to the water. Everyone decides to settle down. Fearne waves her hand and summons a patch of grass and some wildflowers. Lying down on my back, I go limp. Limbs too sore to throw an arm over my face to protect from the sun.  "Fuck Shulkyr. You look like you just had a hell of a night." Ashton sounds so amused when I feel someone gently sit beside my head. The sun dimming against my lids as someone becomes my shade. The dim light is followed by a hand running through my hair. I don't care to look who it is. Just shivering at the gentle touch. So, so long-.  "Laughter is the best medicine! The feeling is great for relieving stress and easing pain. Both emotional and physical. I don't think we've ever heard Shulkyr laugh like that! So this must be something rather euphoric for them!" F.C.G. loudly explains their thoughts. While I let out a shuddering breath.   "Shulk, this alright?" Imogen gently asks the hand in my hair pausing. I can't find the strength to answer her. So after a moment I hear her voice gently repeat the question in my head.  'Yes, this is wonderful. Please keep going.' Imogen giggles in response and her hand resumes petting my hair.   "We have been running around all day! I don't see why we can't take a break." Dorian goes along with it. Seeming happy to join me in relaxing.   "That does sound nice." Fearne agrees and I hum my agreement. Exhaustion settling in my bones. I think I manage to mumble something about taking a nap. Only hearing snorts and giggles in response. I couldn't stop my mind from slipping away at this point if I tried. So I let myself slip away. Trusting the others to wake me when it's time to go.

  They all enjoy Marwa's waterfall, the sunlight, and plant life for a while. Until Shulkyr has finished whatever episode they were having. Much to everyone's amusement. Taking the chance they all lie around and chatter. Mostly talking about their possible group name. Discussing old ideas and new ones. Laudna pitches the name 'The New Nobodies'. Which Ashton is quick to shoot down. When that avenue hits a dead end. They end up talking about clothing again.   Ashton suggests Chetney make a mask out of wood to really tie his outfit together. Which surprises everyone. Revealing that Ashton is the only one who actually read about the ball. Including the fact it is a Masquerade Ball. Meaning only Ashton planned their outfit with that in mind. Some panic ensues as they laugh about it.  The laughter seems to remind most of the group of Bertrand. Leading into sharing their stories of the embellished swordsman to Chetney. Which inevitably leads right back to the name problem. Everyone is thinking about it when Imogen lights up. "Oh! Shulkyr, you were part of a pirate crew and had a team before too, right?" The drow opens their eyes to look up at Imogen.   "Yeah?"   "Did you guys have any names?" Imogen asks, hoping they can draw some inspiration from the hunter's past. Shulkyr has to think about it. It's not really something they've put much thought into.  "My team when I worked for the empire? No. Unless you count the Empire calling for 'The Hounds' whenever they wanted something done. Working for my captain? Yeah. The crew was usually referred to as Melora's Travelers."  "Melora's Travelers? As in the goddess Melora, The WildMother?" Orym pries and Shulkyr nods,  "Yeah, but it wasn't really a name we picked. Everyone just knew that our captain was a devout to the goddess of nature, he has a shrine on ship and everything, and he was taught everything he knows about sea life by The Sapphire of Sea. Who is the high priestess of another god, some idol of trickery, just known as the Traveler. Though- that God seems very exclusive to Wildmount if I'm honest." Shulkyr finally finds the strength to sit up. Taking the moment to stretch their limbs. Which still feels oddly light to them. They could simply exist like this. It's such a pleasant experience.  "I know this is probably a sore spot, but the Empire called your team of slaver hunters. The Hounds?" Laudna seems very amused by the irony. Which leads to Shulkyr freezing mid stretch.   "Yeah." The drow blinks tilts their head, "I never actually thought about the irony. Not in that sense at least."   "It was ironic in another way?" Dorian seems genuinely curious and Shulkyr shrugs,  "My vice captain, he was an older tabaxi man. My team consisted of him, two halflings, a human, and a tiefling." Shulkyr seems to dim while remembering their previous group. Which doesn't pass the rest. One of them is about to back track. Only Shulkyr continues on before they can.  "The empire is a cold place, figuratively and literally. They're also highly xenophobic. It's why the Myraid prospers in slave trade so much. No one cares when the none humans go missing, or if they've been mistreated. It has made my trip here rather- jarring. So many races here and yet not nearly as much inner conflict about it. It's odd. I'm not used to it, but I like it." Shulkyr sounds rather firm on that belief. Which causes mixed emotions in the group. Those who call Marquet their home are flattered. While also feeling pity and a bit of rage. It's an odd sensation to say the least.  "Well-" Dorian clears his throat and gives Shulkyr a warm smile, "-I for one am glad you like it so much here. Even with all the trouble we keep getting pulled into. It's nice. As for the whole naming thing, did anyone have any other ideas?" Someone eagerly pitches the name of the Focus Group. Causing Laudna to complain it had been shot down previously when she suggested it. Leading to the group laughing about the misunderstanding.   Ashton changes the topic back. They seem delighted at the prospect of crafting. Their enthusiasm spreads through the party like wildfire. If not mixing some panic in it. Shulkyr certainly seems happy to learn that. The itch to craft has been gnawing at them for some while. While they've been working glass it hasn't been satisfying that urge.   "We have to make a mask." Ashton states and Imogen perks up,  "We have to make one?" Imogen sounds skeptical and the genasi shrugs,  "Yeah, how else do you imbue it with your power? No, I don't know. I just like making shit." Ashton fibs and everyone looks at one another.   "Split the group. Split the group?" Everyone splits up, Imogen and Orym heading back to the Lumas house. While everyone else makes their way to the Krook house. Planning to have the rest of the day be an arts and crafts day. Much to Fearne, Shulkyr, and Ashton's delight.   The duo of Imogen and Orym arrive at their destination first. Approaching the manor and stopping to make sure they have a plan. Orym and Imogen both feeling unsure about asking a mourning mother if they can rifle through her dead sons' things. After some discussion, they approach the guards. Trying to talk their way in before Last Lumas gets their attention. Much to the duo's relief.  Imogen steps up, and at Orym's recommendation, is honest to the lady about what they need. Explaining she was studying with a book that had pages ripped from it. When questioning who had it last. She discovered it was the twins. The duo ask for her permission to see if there are any clues as to what the twins may have been doing.   Lady Lumas is hesitant, but ultimately takes them to her childrens' space. Barely managing to pass the threshold. Before turning back to them. Inviting them to take a look around. Imogen and Orym gingerly take a look around. Not wanting to push the elderly woman's boundaries. They spend a better part of the hour. Trying to find any hint that the twins may have been doing. But unfortunately their search comes up empty.   By the end of their scavenger hunt. They mention to the matron their work will bring the group to where the twins had been attacked. Orym places a flower on the twins' desk. While Lady Lumas gives Imogen a token that will mark them as a friend of the house. The duo return to the rest. Finding F.C.G. using his modification to flick on a monocle.  Using it to identify the contents of the green vial. Discovering it is in fact a healing potion. Though it also makes the drinker resistant to poison for an hour. Much to Chetney's pleasure. More talking of crafting takes place, and F.C.G. ends up inspired. Trying their hand at clay to make the figure they need for spell casting. It takes the robot some time and quite a lot of fumbling. By the end, when they show it off. Everyone is chuckling at the unintentionally phallic object, and Shulkyr is warmly smiling at the robot. The drow holds out a hand getting F.C.G's attention.   "May I?"  "Of course Shulkyr!" The robot hands over their remaining clay. The drow works the clay with practiced hands. While Imogen tries an idea. Wanting to see if she can help the automaton remember the event where they lost their friends.  They're all silent when he recounts what happened. How they watched their associate Dancer take her last breath. Also mentioning names they hadn't before. Recalling how the creature hat turned to him. Revealing one large eye before vanishing. During his retelling, Imogen tries to see if she can see what he's thinking. Hoping to get a better picture of what happened from his memories. Shulkyr quietly whistles while eyeing the pair, and Little Mister rushes to them. Cooking the clay and finishing the model in exchange for a pastry.   Unfortunately, Imogen's idea falls flat. As all she manages to catch are broken flashes. Not even seeing the monster F.C.G. mentions seeing. It's almost like trying to get someone to recall a dream. Which disappoints them both. Leading everyone to try and soothe the pair.   "Here, you can have both." Shulkyr approaches the robot and gives them the model. It's a gorgeous work engraved with symbols of ravens and clearly the drow's unique take on the figure. Clearly a gift made to, hopefully, lighten the robot's mood.  "Oh, that's mighty kind of you Shulkyr! Thank you." The robot seems happier and they nod,  "You can use either. They're too big to sit on a necklace so-." Shulkyr hums their hand absentmindedly going to their collar. Almost like they're realizing they had forgotten something important. Everyone goes quiet, they never did find Shulkyr's sending stone. The tension shifts and Fearne shuffles on her hooves. Before all but throwing herself at Shulkyr.  "You're very good with your hands, Shulk! Do you craft a lot?" Fearne pries hoping to distract them. While Imogen and F.C.G. decide to go back to the library to research. This time to find something about Laudna and F.C.G. Leaving the rest to their own devices.  "I usually handle glass, but I can work with other materials. Unlike someone." Shulkyr doesn't bother to hide the look they shoot Chetney. Who frowns and makes an 'i'm watching you' gesture. The drow snorts something akin to a rivalry sparking between them. Rather than fight they announce they need to go do some shopping.   "I'll be right back." Shulkyr reassures and Fearne let's them keep Little Mister with them.   The day carries on like that. Members of the party split off to do their own errands. Before getting back to everyone else. Eventually they lose too much sunlight so they all decide to sleep. Putting their arts and crafts day off until tomorrow. ~•~  The night is not kind to the group. The trio of Orym, Dorian, and Fearne discuss the Nightmare King. Wanting to figure out why he knew the fawn's last name. But that doesn't tend to go very far. Since neither of the half asleep men can tell if she's being honest or not.  "Orym. Dorian." Fearne pokes the pair once Chetney has gone. They hum and give her their attention.  "You guys like Shulkyr too right?" Fearne asks, twirling a lock of her hair. She gets some owlish looks while the pair think about it.  "Uh- yeah I suppose." Orym mumbles,  "I mean I do- but do you-? Do you mean like Shulkyr as in liking them as a friend, or like them in a physical sense?" Dorian asks blushing, hoping Fearne will elaborate.   "Either way really." Fearne hums and that doesn't help Dorian. The satyr turns over and watches the ceiling. "You both would be really sad if they left, right?" Fearne asks and the duo drowsily glance at one another. Before giving Fearne a mix of pitying and sweet looks.  "Yes. I think we would all be pretty sad to lose Shulkyr now." Orym reassures the fawn, patting her furry thigh. Dorian hums his agreement and Fearne sighs. Relaxing and letting the trio all settle down. Though the conversation leaves a heavy tension in the air. Their conflict comes to a close for the night.   While they all close their eyes. The duo of Imogen and Laudna toss and turn. Laudna awakens to Imogen having the recurring nightmare. The warlock brings out paper and pen. Hoping Imogen's dream might reveal something important. Though watching her companion struggle causes a boulder of grief to sink into her stomach.  Imogen is unaware of Laudna's internal plight at the moment. Still running from the ever encroaching red storm. This time the storm was not a looming threat on the horizon. But a much closer, more frightening force from the start. The door of her home refuses to open. Trapping her outside as dust, glass, and stone blind the panicking woman.   She's cowering against the building. When she hears her mother's voice. Telling her to run, to not look back. She does, she forgoes her childhood home and races away. Glancing back, she sees two young adult figures. Standing against the storm in the same way Bertrand had before. These two have their backs to Imogen while holding onto one another's hand.   "Twins?" Imogen is baffled and terrified as she runs. Forever running from the rolling storm.  Laudna scribbles upon hearing Imogen mutter something about twins. Another moment passes and the psychic startles awake. Gasping and shaking, Laudna is quick to apologize for not waking her. Trying her best to soothe the other woman. Hugging Imogen close and letting her rest against her.  Shulkyr stumbled off from their inn room at about the same time. Heading off into an alleyway to cower. Aching and shaking from the press of their transformation. It doesn't take long for their resistance to give. Transforming into their lycan body. With nothing to hunt they sniff around. Trotting through the back alley and streets. Not doing much beyond meaninglessly wandering. They do catch a familiar scent at some point. Having nothing else to occupy them. They follow their nose.  Slipping inside the window of a building with a thud. The werewolf happily snoops. Quietly going through rooms until they find the source of the smell. Which is a dish of some delicious looking, familiar cookies. The wolf whines and their tail pats happily against the wood. Dropping on their haunches they indulge in the bakery goods. Causing a bit of a clatter that draws the owner of the Manor's attention.   The half asleep orc is startled seeing a large dark furred werewolf in his kitchen. But he's seen odder in his years. The massive hound snorts and their ears pivet. Before their head snaps to the door. The beast makes eye contact with the elder man. After a moment, the orc's brows furrow when he realizes what the hound is doing. "Are those my ginger snap cookies?"   The hound responds to the question by the snapping up the rest of the cookies. Before throwing themself out the window they came. While being chased by the gray skinned orc. Who's waving his cane and shouting after them. While not nearly as bad of a night as the rest. Shulkyr will suppose it could have gone better. Hopefully Lord Esterhross doesn't put two and two together.~•~  Everyone meets up in the morning. Some are more tired than the others. Though everyone notices and stares when they see Shulkyr eating something semi-familiar. "Shulkyr, did you get more cookies from Lord Esterhross?" Laudna gasps and the drow freezes,  "Yes?" They hand some to Laudna and, shockingly, no one presses to know why they're clearly fibbing.   "So are we going arts and crafts stuff? Are we doing more shopping?" Dorian seems eager and Ashton shakes their head,  "Hell no, I have everything we need at the Krook house. Come on. Let's go, I can drag Milo into it." Ashton grins and Laudna is eager to follow.  "Oh! Oh, before we go. I'm going to go back to Marwa's. I bet she has good things by now!" Laudna claps and everyone wishes her well. Shulkyr handing over some more of the cookies. In case she needs to butter up Marwa for whatever she needs. Laudna parts from the group. Her quick power walking contrasts with everyone else's leisurely stroll.   The main group stop by the Golden Veil so Shulkyr can get their outfit. Including the veiled circlet that they plan to merge into their mask. The day is much lighter than the ones before. It's almost relaxing to slow down and just spend time together.   "You know, we probably should have asked Gurge if he had seen a sand dollar stone?" Orym quietly mumbles as they walk. Eyeing the back of their drow companion. Who's holding their basket of clothes they're hiding from the rest. Wanting the contents to be a surprise.   "What stone? Why?" Chetney waddles up beside the halfling who jumps,  "Uh oh. Right before we got involved with you Shulkyr got attacked. They had a really important stone, it looked like a sand dollar, and they kept it on their necklace. But after they got attacked the stone went missing. They've been missing it ever since." Orym quietly explains and the old gnome nods,  "Ok, explains the grim mood. Sand dollar stone on a necklace got it." With that Chetney races away much to Orym's confusion. Fearne is still latched onto Shulkyr. Just trying to keep a conversation going with them. Clocking a familiar potted plant hanging from their waist. By the time they end up slipping inside the Spire. Laudna arrives at Marwa's Trove.  Finding Marwa looking through a massive eyeglass. Carefully trying to tinker with something. Laudna sneaks over and leans uncomfortably close. "Whatcha doing?"  "Very careful work." Marwa whispers back unfazed by Laudna's presence   "Oh! I brought you a pastry." Laudna slowly lifts the pastry to Marwa's mouth. She leans over and slowly eats it. "It's a friendship pastry!" Laudna sings and Marwa nods. Just then there's a massive blaring noise and smoke. Marwa creatively curses up a storm. Shoving everything off the table.   "Hey you here to shop?! Or what are you doing?"  "I wanted to know if you found that blood bag thing." Marwa quickly pulls out the very bag Laudna is asking about.  "Yup! Three fifty gold."  "It wasn't that much yesterday!"  "Yeah it was!" Marwa smiles and brings out her book. Showing she's not lying about the price.  "Oh, ok I heard that wrong. My bad." Laudna hums and taps her fingers, "Ok, alright. I don't have that much in me. How about three hundred and I take some of your trash?"  "I don't have any trash."  "Lies look at this place." Laudna whispers and Marwa straightens,  "This place is filled with treasures!"  "Trash." Laudna hisses,  "Oh this friendship is going down real fast!" Marwa warns and Laudna beams,  "So that's what fazes you." Laudna giggles and claps her hands together. "Look, I'm not dissing trash. I like trash. I just need things for today."  "What do you need it for?"  "We're having a craft day." Laudna eagerly cooes and Marwa's eyes blow wide.  "Three hundred deal." Marwa swipes a bunch of glass orbs, bobbles, and bits into a bag. Handing it and the blood well vial to Laudna. The two make a deal where Laudna has to bring Marwa a pastry everytime she sees her. With that Marwa sends Laudna off. She's beaming as she races off to the Krook house with her trinkets.~•~

  "Shulk, this doesn't feel safe." Orym mumbles watching the drow single handedly work the veiled circlet and heated metals. Including the oriental sabre they revealed they had. Having removed some of the gems.   "I know what I'm doing, Orym."  "Please burn yourself." Ashton watches with a smirk. Shulkyr snorts in response to that.   "Metal working and glass. Pretty unique combo you have here." Milo comments, having turned over some of their tools to Shulkyr. Deeply invested in helping them make- whatever it is they're going for. The others work on their masks as Laudna arrives. Dropping everything she brought onto the floor. Everyone works on their own projects. Milo and Shulkyr are sucked into their own little world while everyone fawns over the wood carved shop Chetney presents Dorian.   "I have wire. You think wire-?"  "Wire would work beautifully." Shulkyr smiles and Milo races off. While Chetney and Orym have a moment over the fact the halfling can carve wood.    Ashton works with scraps of leather and cloth. Making a mask resembling the Nightmare King. When the others notice what they've crafted. Ashton can't help grinning at them. "When a dog barks at me, I bark back louder."   Imogen looks down at her mask and keeps quietly cursing at it. While Laudna dresses up Paté. Fearne hums away as she crafts. F.C.G. basically pops on one of Milo's goggles. By the end everyone turns to the duo of tinkerers. Who are still curled over the flame. Little Mister assisting in melting whatever glass and metal they need.  "What are they doing?" Chetney leers trying to sneak a peek.   "Shit!" Milo shouts, jumping back as they cling to their hand.   "Fuck. Milo I wanted Shulk to get burned. Not you!" Ashton jokes while getting ice water for Milo. Shulkyr finishes their masks and blows. Taking one last look before dunking the finished product. It loudly hisses and bubbles as they pull back the finished item.  "I need to shine it, and put the veil back, but-" Shulkyr cleans the cooled off product. Before revealing to everyone. They all gasp seeing the mask. It's a hybrid work of iron and dark violet glass. When Shulkyr dawns it, it hides the entire upper half of their face. The shape of the mask is sharp, cold, and bird-like. Where the eyes holes would be. There is swirling violet and dark grey glass. Over the lethal depiction of a bird's visage. Veins of colored glass follow the lines of the mask. Spreading out in such a way it could resemble a spider. Copper and golden wire are entwined throughout the piece. Giving the illusion of feathers underneath it. The mask gives off an almost lethal aura.  "Once I shine it, and weave the veil back into place. It will hide my lower face and cover my head." Shulkyr hums and removes the piece.  "Shulkyr, it's really pretty- but it's also- it's really creepy." Imogen fumbles with how to word her feelings.   "It should be, it's a mask styled in honor of the Raven Queen. I will be presenting as I always have at such events- as a hand of death." Shulkyr gives a cold smile. It's the most threatening they've seemed. Ashton roars with a cackle.   "Wait, You've been to such events before?!" Chetney shouts as Shulkyr kneels. Working on shining the mask.  "Drow adore peacocking before their enemies. There isn't one who doesn't know how to flaunt themselves in a way meant to kill. Even if the enemies are their own." Shulkyr explains and finishes their haunting mask. Putting it away with the dress they've kept hidden.   "Shall we go to Lord Esterhross? Make sure everything is ready?" Orym gently checks in with everyone. Who all agree they should meet with the orc lord. Gathering their things, they thank Milo. Before heading off to Lord Esterhross manor. 

  Everyone arrives at the manor and are led straight to the orc lord's den. Where they find many chairs set out waiting for them. Along with Lord Esterhross who is waiting with his back to his fire. Everyone settles down and begins discussing what to do tomorrow. Lord Esterhross reveals he managed to get the entire party in. One as his own entourage and the rest as the party of another figure.   "So you need one of us to pretend to be a nobleman?" Shulkyr presses and Esterhross nods. All eyes turn on Dorian who straightens. The color and joy bleeding from his expression. The shift in his personality is blatant for everyone to see.   "Dorian would be the best right?" Everyone agrees, including the genasi. Though he can't help feeling a scolding gaze. When he glances he locks eyes with one dark green one. Shulkyr is staring intensely as they discuss.   "He doesn't have to be the one." Shulkyr speaks up part way through,  "He doesn't have to be, but he's already royalty." Chetney pipes up and the drow just blinks,  "And so I am. It doesn't have to be you, Dorian." They press their point. The air genasi has stiffened and everyone starts discussing it.  "It would be better to not have the one who looks like a bounty as our figurehead." Laudna agrees,  "But Shulkyr is pretty recognizable, especially with that scar. If we get caught doing something later. This will come back to bite us." Imogen speaks up about her paranoia. The others can't really deny that.  "But Dorian is also pretty recognizable." Orym counters,  "May I ask?" Lord Esterhross pipes up, hoping to help focus the group. "While Dorian has an alias, do you have one my dear?"  Shulkyr turns their grim look on the orc lord, "I already have quite a few from back home. I can use any of them."  "Okay, but-" Orym cuts in and shoots the hunter a gentle look, "-Would using any of those names bring trouble? You are here on the run." The halfling reminds the drow. Who takes a deep breath and rubs their remaining eye.   "All my names have baggage, if I use one. There's a chance of it, but I can deal with it if needed." Shulkyr vaguely reassures the group. Dorian swallows and let's their words settle.  "No." Dorian focuses on his breath and straightens up, "No, No. I can do this. Shulkyr- You are being hunted. You have enough to worry about. I can do this. For everyone." Dorian ends the conversation there. Turning to Esterhross he asks what spare clothes he has. Sorting through the articles everyone watches the air genasi deflate.   "You know I really think Shulkyr should do this! It suits them very well." Laudna presses getting a concerned look on her face.   "Why are you so suddenly against this Laudna? Something wrong?"  "I just don't want to cause any undue trauma." The ghoul presses and Dorian leaves with Lord Esterhross.   "Chetney." Shulkyr lowly growls, getting the old man to jump.  "What?!" The drow snatches the back of his shirt. Dragging him closer and leaning down.  "Follow him." The hunter orders,  "What- why? Is the old man unsafe?" Chetney pulls out his wood chisel.  "Just listen in, and collect anything either discard."   "Oh, oooh. Right, got it." Shulkyr drops the gnome who sneaks away. With his iconic little tapping noises.   "What name were you planning to use?"   "You already know the name." Shulkyr answers and that seems to confuse the group. Did Shulkyr use an alias before?  "Oh no fucking way." Ashton makes a face, "You were being serious?"   "Wait- serious about what?"  "Just to make sure I have this right. The name you gave Marwa? That was a real name." Orym speaks up and voices Ashton's suspicions.   "Partly." Before the group can dig into that. Dorian and Lord Esterhross return and settle down.  "Lord Esterhross." Shulkyr gets the orc lord's attention.  "Yes?"  "I will be going with a name as well." The drow announces and watches Dorian's reaction. He seems surprised and tries to hide it.  The orc pauses before giving a nod, "And which name would that be?"  "Zahmera of Den Leimond. Maiden of the Raven." The name and title roll of their tongue. The name is a mix of things they've said before. Causing even more confusion among the group. How much has the drow told them is real then? It could be either set of names really.   "A holy woman?"  "Wildmount is too harsh a home for even the blessed to afford softness." Silence fills the room as the pair stare down.  "Very well, I assume you will be accompanying Mr. Storm?" The orc asks and Shulkyr gives a silent nod.   "You don't have to." Dorian quietly tries to refute them and they turn their attention on him,  "Neither do you." They turn the chair next to them. Offering to let Dorian sit down. The genasi swallows thickly and takes the offered seat. Everyone takes the chance to form some kind of plan. Leading to quite a lot of bickering and back and forth.  "Ok so our teams are Dorian, Fearne, Orym, and Me. While Ashton, Chetney, F.C.G., and Laudna goes with Lord Esterhross. And we're having Shulk as a floater?" Imogen runs over their composition.  "That would be best. I'm using my priestess status. It would be easiest for me to shift from group to group. High enough to get in, not enough to actually catch anyone's interest. You can just explain that I was brought in by the Silken Squall. An important court death that needed religious oversight." Shulkyr easily formulates a lie. Which the rest agree to go with.  "Ashton." The drow chirps getting their attention,  "Hexum. Do we use your name?" Shulkyr parrots and everyone freezes. Right, shit. Ashton has ties to an upper class man.  "Oh fuck no, no. Use a fake."  "Aaron?" F.C.G. prompts and Ashton shakes their head,  "Aaron feels too close to Ashton." Laudna complains and the genasi shrugs,  "I was thinking Bennit?" Ashton makes a noise, "Aaron could work if it's easier for you guys."   "We really should pick one." Chetney pipes up from Shulkyr's side. Causing Dorian to jump from how rigid he is. Not having noticed the gnome slipping Shulkyr a very sparkling cream outfit and mask.  "Aaron. It's the one we'll remember after Marwa." Imogen jokes and Ashton groans. Shaking their head and dropping his head into their hand.  Things carry on like that for some time. Until everyone agrees to retire for the night. They all slowly leave except for Shulkyr. Who lingers behind until it's just them and the orc.  "I presume you have a request to make of me?" Lord Esterhross prompts and the drow hums,  "He was looking forward to this."  "I apologize."  "That doesn't fix it." There's a silence that follows. The pair staring one another down. Until Shulkyr breaks his gaze and leaves. Everyone heads to rest their heads. Except for Shulkyr who has collected their various items. Anger boiling in their veins. They have no other outlet. So they tinker and they mix chemicals and blood. Fiddling with glass when that fails them.   'We really should have a brawl soon. Your teeth are dry and nothing has ever ruined your mood like these balls.' For once, Thel'ador sounds sympathetic to their plight. Not that the hunter is surprised. He never liked these any better. Nothing brings the pair together like their hatred for balls and those who run them.~•~  The day comes where they all have to come to the ball. Everyone has prepared in their own way. When the party gathers at Lord Esterhross manor. They all gawk at the reveal of Shulkyr.   The drow has dawned a dark blue silken dress. It flows around their legs like water. Slitted up both sides it threatens to be promiscuous. Only Shulkyr has decorated their sides with silken ribbons and glass trinkets. It hugs their form in a flattering manner, but they notice Shulkyr's impressive muscle is shockingly hidden. It has grey sheer revealing their chest all the way down to their belly button. Rising around their neck in a close fitting neck. Decorated by the heavy black feather boa they have around their neck. Letting the long ends wrap around their forearms. That they've decorated with lacy gloves that reveal their nails. That they've painted and styled to dark, glittering points.   "Shulkyr, you look-." Imogen breathes at the drow who's already dawned their mask. The newly attached veil hides their lower face. The excess flowing behind them like a living shadow. More dark feathers lining their circlet. They look beautifully ominous and wonderfully regal.   "Gorgeous." Fearne breathes,  "Hauntingly beautiful!" Laudna sings and the boys seem torn,  "Well- that is something. Guess that's what the extra shopping was!" Chetney laughs, he may not like glass as much as wood. But he can acknowledge the craftsman's ship that's glittering over the entire outfit.  "Afraid so, I needed shoes and accessories to go with it." Shulkyr hums and reveals their mask. The silvery item surprised the group.  "Uh Shulk?"   "Someone can take it. It'll help you." The entire party seems shocked by the offer.  "Hey Birdie this smart?" Ashton is especially worried about this. Since they have some idea about what the mask can do.  "As long as it doesn't go too far. I can pull through. Ashton?" The drow offers it and the genasi swallows.  "Can't exactly put it on-"  "Thel'ador can help without being equipped."  "It bit me last time." Ashton deadpans, remembering how little the mask liked them.  "Sorry, it bit you?" Dorian pipes up and the mask crackles with lighting. Making everyone jump and stare.  "It's a magic item." Shulkyr explains and everyone goes wide eyed.  "Oh, ok. Um- Dorian, maybe you should have it? It suites your outfit really well." Fearne gently suggests even though she's obviously eyeing it. Probably considering snatching it.   "Either would work. Thel'ador can sweeten your words, help you hide, or increase your strength. It could help anyone really." Shulkyr presses and everyone hums,  "If it makes people stealthier maybe Chetney-?" The mask crackles at that. Trying to zap at the gnome who jumps with a shout.   "Maybe Dorian should have it? Make him more at ease?" Laudna happily suggests and Shulkyr tilts their head. It's eerie not being able to see their face.   "That sounds good to me." The drow rumbles and holds the mask out to him. "Don't bully him." Shulkyr orders as the genasi carefully takes it. Dorian looks confused when he feels a zap of magic.   'Wonderful, now I'm a babysitter.' The mask complains and Dorian yelps nearly dropping the mask,  "Oh it talks! Ok, the mask talks. Ashton why didn't you say the mask talks?!" Dorian panics even as he clips the mask to his hip.   "It bit me." Ashton just gives a lopsided grin and a shrug,  "Ok, we're all chatting about that later, yeah? Yeah?" Dorian looks desperate to confirm that and the drow walks to the carriage,  "I don't mind." Shulkyr confirms and helps Dorian straighten out his attire.  "Speaking of- will we have to worry about you. Wolfing up?" Orym asks suddenly and Shulkyr shakes their head. Reaching down into their thigh high. Pulling out a small wooden cartridge.   "What's that?" Chetney pipes up, suddenly very invested. Shulkyr flicks the top. Revealing the inside has some faintly glowing colored things. Something that looks like gems. Except when they move the box to let others have a better view. The color inside shifts- almost like maple syrup.   "Woah! What are those?" Fearne fawns and reaches for one,  "I wouldn't do that. They don't taste good, and they're painful." Shulkyr gently scolds the fawn and closes it. Reaching in and pulling out one of the pale blue ones.  "Wait, painful?"   "These are my mutagens." Shulkyr carries on, ignoring Imogen's question.  "Mutagens?" Laudna parrots the word,  "They're alchemic drugs made specifically for me. They're painful to ingest, but they do give me benefits in exchange. I discovered a long time ago there is one that helps me control my lycanthropy. Mostly by accident, it wasn't the intended purpose." Shulkyr explains putting the cartridge away and the party stares,  "And you haven't used that yet because?" Ashton questions and Shulkyr swallows,  "The ingredients aren't easy to get, it takes insane amounts of time, it grew less effective the more I used it, and the agony it puts me through is debilitating." Shulkyr explains and lifts the veil. Popping the drug into their mouth. Everyone's gasp as they watch the drow go rigid. Becoming a shaking and gasping mess. They watch blood veins start to glow along their skin. Pulsing and growing for a few more moments. The trembling drow goes for her flask. Taking a deep drink from it.   "Shulkyr, are you alright?" Orym steps forward and takes the drow's hand. Slowly the veins go down to a dim glow. Vaguely looking like tattoos now. The hunter slowly nods and takes deep breaths.  "I'm alright, I'll manage." Shulkyr promises and squeezes his hand.   "It'll keep the curse at bay, and I can cure myself. If I really need to turn." Shulkyr explains and nods to the carriages. "Let's go."   Everyone seems uneasy but they all do as told. The group's splitting to join Lord Esterhross. Shulkyr decides to join Dorian's group. Settling against the wall and resting. It earns them a lot of concerned looks. Imogen takes their spare hand. Giving a gentle squeeze to their hand. After a moment the huntress returns it.   Each group chatters about what to do. Trying to formulate some ideas about what to do. Practicing some plans like using Imogen's psychic power to remove the ring. Ultimately deciding to hand the tracker ring over to Orym. While letting the others do what they can. Shulkyr quietly takes note and offers their aid wherever they may need it. But otherwise they remain mostly quiet. The other group runs what they can and can't do with Lord Esterhross.  "I am grateful for all your determination." The orc lord nods to the group, "perhaps after this. I can request a favor?"  ",Of course, what would you need? Another series of murders? The Brumestone Conspiracy?" Laudna perks up and the orc shakes his head,  "I am afraid not. My home was broken into last night." Everyone straightens up in shock,  "Shit, do you need us to rock some heads?"  "Not quite. I assumed you would like to know. Considering the culprit was a bipedal wolf figure. I do remember you all asking about a werewolf, previously." Lord Esterhross explains and everyone goes quiet. Glancing between each other nervously.   "Those fucking cookies." Ashton hisses and Laudna falls into cackling laughter,  "Shulk, are you eating more cookies?" Imogen whispers and the drow drops their veil,  "-...No?" 

  Everyone arrives at the hall and takes their time. Each removing anything they don't confidently believe they could sneak in. Shulkyr reaches under their dress. Pulling out a familiar Oriental sabre. The fawn gasps when they hand it to her.  "Oh, you~!" Fearne seems giddy at the prospect the drow has joined in her and Ashton's 'game'. She gratefully takes it and hides it up in her massive poofy dress. Before linking arms with Dorian.  Shulkyr just gives a small nod, their smile hidden beneath their veil, "Dorian." The huntress catches the duo before they leave. His already rigid form somehow manages to stiffen. Stopping Dorian turns to them, giving Shulkyr his full attention.  "Yes?" His voice cracks as he panics staring at the ominous hunter. He really wishes that their mask had eyes. It would give him something to focus on. Shulkyr steps forward and puts a hand on his shoulder.   "Breath Dorian-" Their hand moves from his shoulder to his chin. Gently lifting his head. "-You can wear the mask for a night. It's just one night. Bronté is just for the night." Dorian blinks and does as told. Focusing on his breathing and soothing the thudding in his chest. Finding it's easier to tame with gentle encouragements.  "It's just for tonight-" He agrees,  "Like a performance." Orym joins in and smiles,  "-It's a performance. It's a performance just for tonight. I can do a performance. Right?" Dorian checks over his group who all smile and nod,  "Let's put on a show." Shulkyr releases Dorian and gets him and Fearne moving with gentle hands on the smalls of their backs. Encouraging them to leave the carriage first.  They step out before a grand hall. Dignitaries and merchants flooding into the space. The duo of Fearne and Dorian approach the guards manning the entrance. Flanked by Imogen and Orym. While Shulkyr lingers nearby. Much to everyone's relief. Shulkyr sticks close enough to be tied to them, but also giving the impression they aren't as intimately part of the group.   Fearne takes the lead introducing herself. Before Dorian cuts in and says this group will be under his name. It takes some chatting, but he manages to get Bertrand's sword past the guardsmen. Insisting that it's a useless heirloom. That he's not even sure it can be removed from the sheath. They don't check under Fearne's dress, but they thoroughly look over Orym. Not finding anything on the little halfing. The guards give the entire group the green light.  So they begin to enter and Shulkyr approaches them. The guards going rigid as a breeze causes all their glass trinkets to chime. The veil and dress shift as the drow silently acknowledges the men. Their stature and presence, undeniable. "And you are Mrs-?"  "Oh! Yes, this is- Lady Zahmera of Den Leimond. Maiden of the Raven. My home is currently housing the priestess due to a recent loss." Dorian quickly uses the lie that Shulkyr had formed. Spinning on his heel to not leave them behind. That causes the guards to slowly nod.  "I see- And you brought a matron of death to the ball?" One seems suspicious and semi-uncomfortable with that prospect. His hand tightening on his spear.  "Yes, yes, I know it's unconventional to bring someone of omen to such an event. But I figured we were both bearing a burden, and being run to the bone. The least that can be done is to let us have one good night. Besides, you won't deny a lady of the Raven entry?" Dorian fibs artfully, his tone implying an almost smug sound. After a moment the guards nod to him. Letting Shulkyr pass into the hall.   Lord Esterhross party follows after the others. The experienced lord gets his people in with little issue. Ashton, unfortunately, couldn't get anything in. Very few of them could get anything in actually. So the nerves from being unarmed gnaws at them. As they step into the venue.  The interior is a gorgeous hall. Colored in golden lighting filled with glittering and glamorous decorations. People dressed in similarly glorious attire. The announcer asks for Dorian's title. Announcing him as Bronté Secondsun Wyrmwind of the Silken Squall. That earns some curious looks. As those present check out the new faces. When Lord Esterhross is announced even more heads spin. The crowd openly shocked by his appearance.  "Who the fuck are you?" Ashton whispers and the Lord hums,  They all slip into the hall taking on different sides. Dorian's group are approached almost immediately. While Lord Esterhross is given a wide berth. Orym is introduced as Dorian's bodyguard. While Imogen gets passed as a servant. Much to her annoyance.  Lord Preston, as he introduces himself, keeps trying to tune out Dorian. His focus is pinned entirely on Fearne. Who is bathing in his attention, at least she appears to be. The group can't really tell with her. They manage to use his attraction to milk information out of him. Being directed to look at a well aged halfing. Lord Preston reveals him as the voice of the Quorum, Gavis Aranda. The group keeps getting directed towards important figures. During this meet and greet. Two of their group stiffen upon noticing two different things.  The announcer speaks up and they all turn to see General Ratanish the leader of the Paragon's Call and his guard. They look like they are powerful warriors. Dressed in armor and spines and marks of battle. The leader, a massive Goliath with a red and grey braid. Seems to be the only one to put the bare minimum effort into his appearance. Orym takes their appearance as a chance to whisper to Dorian. Pointing out a white tuxedoed figure in the distance.   "I think that's your brother." Orym reveals and Dorian spins. Seeing Cyrus dressed up in the distance.  "Is he stupid?!" Imogen whispers, panicked and wide eyed.   "What is he doing?!" The group quietly panics as another figure is announced. The target of the night. Lord Armand Treshi, and a surprise companion, Lady Emoth Kade. The eerie woman catches the eye of Ashton and Shulkyr. Both catching on to something being- off.  Shulkyr gets Imogen's attention with a gentle touch. Simply brushing her hand with their knuckles. The other woman jumps and reaches into their mind.  'Yeah? Did you see something?'  'No, no, but I'm suspicious. I'm going to break from the group. But you'll always be able to spot me.' Shulkyr mentally answers, sniffing from underneath the mask. Their long ears twitch and shift as they investigate using their other senses.   'Oh, ok. Um- Shulk, I'm sorry I just- I have to ask.' Imogen is nervously playing with her sleeves. Feeling a curious prod in her mind. Shulkyr physically answers with a tilt of their head.  'Can you see through that mask? Or are you using your wolf senses? Can you still do that? With the mutagen thing you took? Speaking of- is it still hurting? Are you alright?' Imogen fires off more questions as F.C.G. joins them. Getting the attention of the halfling lord.  'Yes I can, yes I am, and my mutagen helps me restrain it not stop it. It could still fail if I got angry enough. It hurts- It hurts- It. It hurts but I can manage.' Shulkyr tilts their head at just the right angle. The two pieces where their eyes would be, glitter as a result. The look while hidden does get the intensity across. Imogen nods and Shulkyr parts from the group. Trying to pin down where that woman had gone. Discovering she's now talking to the white tuxed figure.  Dorian catches sight of Shulkyr slipping from them. The movement causes a stone to drop in his stomach. He struggles to catch Imogen's eye. When he finally does his frantic thoughts come through.  'Where's Shulkyr going? What's happening? Should we go?'   'No, no. Shulk saw something and is breaking. They told us to be careful. It's ok. It'll be ok.' Imogen explains as their werewolf goes hunting. Dorian nods and takes a deep breath. Blocking Imogen out so he can have the privacy to repeat what Shulkyr had told him. It's just a performance, just for the night. He can do one night.   'You'll manage finch, remember about the name being a mask. It got my pup through every one of these balls. It'll serve you too.' The mask advises and startles Dorian.   'Right, you're alive. You are magic. But- But you're right. I can do this.' Dorian focuses on his breath and nods, 'Also finch?'  'Of course I'm right. I've lived long enough to know these things, and is something wrong with finches?'  'No, no. I just- they're yellow and red I was expecting something like. Bluejay or just generic songbird. Anyways, You are very proud it's oddly reassuring.' Dorian feels a rumble in his mind. Is that what is like when this mask laughs? Is it a laugh?  'I like you little bird. More than the other genasi at least. No, you remind of blue finches. I used to have one. Before that damn snake ate it.' The mask laments and Dorian flusters. Collecting himself and taking the lead. "Alright, let's do this."  From there the ball turns into a flurry of events. Both Ashton and Shulkyr manage to find their target. Unintentionally circling her together and flanking her. Ashton gets to her first and tries to chat her up before getting ignored. The lady makes to leave just as Shulkyr arrives. Their strides quickened as they scented something eerily familiar. Appearing before Lady Emoth with more aggression than they probably would have intended. Their veins faintly glow as their mutagen struggles against their rising instincts. The duo silently stand there for a moment.  Lady Emoth stops and lifts her head. Trying to lock eyes in vain with the drow. "A lady of the Raven?" Lady Emoth seems surprised and also uncomfortable with Shulkyr's appearance. Her eyes glancing back to genasi behind her. Supsicious lacing her features.  "I was summoned to the hall for a purpose. Considering the recent insecurity." Shulkyr lies through their teeth, but Lady Emoth is already on edge. Scanning the drow and taking in the hidden muscle. Noting the faintly glowing veins. They may have no visible weapons, but Shulkyr can't help their physical presence.  "Noted, but I have no need for your services grave keeper. I would recommend you invest your attention in Lady Lumas. She's recently lost her twins." Lady Emoth brushes Shulkyr off. Who flares their nose as she passes them, and has to do everything in their power not to grab her. The woman disappears into the crowd a moment later. Leaving Shulkyr and Ashton alone together at the edge of the ball. The tension slowly leaking away as they indulge in one another's presence for a bit.  "Hey." Ashton nods to Shulkyr who focuses on them. Breaking the ice and getting them to close the gap.  "What got yours?" Ashton prompts and Shulkyr nods. Taking the glass Ashton offers them.  "I could ask the same. It's hard- focusing on reading people with the pain." Shulkyr quietly rumbles, simply holding the liquor.   "I know someone who's waiting for a signal when I see it. You?"   "I just wanted to see who Armand keeps with him. But she-" Shulkyr shudders and lets out a low familiar sound. That growl is one Ashton recognizes. They used that growl when the gnome woman at the theater enraged them. That confirms Ashton's instincts that something is wrong with the noblewoman.  "She smells." Ashton nearly chokes at the admission. Smirking under his mask at Shulkyr.   "Cologne too strong?" Ashton jokes and Shulkyr shakes their head,  "It's- It's familiar. Old, earthy, moldy, and twisted. It's not rot, not quite undead, but-. I know that smell." Shulkyr is having trouble placing it however. The pain from their mutagen makes connecting the pieces hard. The scorching in their veins and the feverish feeling. The pulsing behind their eyes. It's all so much that focusing on anything other than the pain is a feat really.  "Light?" Ashton asks, tapping beside their good eye. Noticing the tension in Shulkyr. They know the light gives them headaches. They know that drug hurts. Maybe the combination is too much?  "No. For once, it's alright. Milo helped me use a technique to darken the glass to block light. It's nice. It's the mutagen and stress." Shulkyr seems actually quite happy with that.  "Damn, go Milo." Ashton is proud that Milo could aid Shulkyr like that. Though he can't help but winder. Did Milo teach Shulkyr something new, or did they help them achieve something that had attempted before? Either way, Ashton's happy it worked out. Though that makes them a bit more concerned about that drug Shulkyr took. What had they called it- a mutagen?  While Ashton mentally tucks that away. They continue to quietly chatter with Shulkyr. The two of them are struggling to track Lady Emoth. Who has vanished in the sea of bodies by now. Much to both of their annoyance.   "Just remember the smell I guess. Once you can lay down and get that shit out of your system. You'll be able to place it. You're good at this kinda shit. I mean- you figured out Gurge way before the rest of us." Ashton reassures them and Shulkyr appreciates it. Though they don't manage to voice it. Choosing to focus on something more light hearted. Yet tangentially related to the conversation. It's nice, being able to think so freely. Maybe they should give Thel'ador away more often?  "Nightmare King mask by the way? Really?" Shulkyr mutters, smirking under their veil, finally acknowledging the taunt Ashton is literally wearing. The genasi straightens up with pride.  "If a dog barks at me, I bark back louder." Ashton just parrots their statement from the day before,  Shulkyr doesn't know what they were expecting. Beaming under their veil a new sound escapes them. It's a low, powerful rumble similar to their displeased snarling, but resembles a chuckle in its tone. Ashton is now beaming under his own mask. Pride sparking in their chest at earning such a sound. They had half expected a lecture at being too bold, or putting the party at risk. But this- now this is a hundred times better.  "Good, someone needs to rock the boat. Give Dorian room to breathe." Shulkyr purrs and that gets a nod from Ashton.  "How is he holding up by the way?" They search for the other genasi. Spotting him and Fearne as some music starts.   "He's crushed, I don't have a clue how to fix it." Shulkyr sighs, their gaze unable to be tracked. Though those who earn their gaze do feel a searing feeling from it. Moving out of their way without quite realizing who their moving out of the way of. Much to Ashton's amusement.  "Yeah, fuck- uh." Ashton tries to think before something comes to mind,  "He really wanted a pearl necklace. Think that would cheer him up?" The genasi asks, now eyeing the noblemen's jewelry. Including the long necklaces of flawless pearls.   "He wants pearls?" Shulkyr seems amused and suddenly highly focused. Now having a task of their own. Something much simpler than putting together the pieces of a giant political conspiracy. Something- mischievous even.  "He mentioned it." Ashton grunts wondering just what's going through the drow's head. They have seemed oddly happier ever since their episode at Marwa's. Honestly, the group really should find the time to sit down and talk about everything. With all the loose ends hanging around. Shulkyr seems to need it.  "Noted. I'm going hunting." Shulkyr announces handing the genasi the untouched drink,  Ashton gives a low whistle as Shulkyr starts to part from them, "Have fun pearl diving."   The huntress almost stumbles and pauses. Shaking with barely restrained laughter. Before recovering and vanishing into the crowd. That earns more amusement from the genasi. While also piquing their curiosity. They'll have to corner Shulkyr later to ask what that reaction was. For now, Ashton focuses back on their task.   During this the group of Dorian, Fearne, Orym, and Imogen are panicking. Whispering angrily as they bicker about what to do. Making a plan only for it to crumble instantly. The rising tension and stress breaking down any communication. Before they know it Fearne and Dorian are swept onto the dance floor. Trying their best to get someone interacting with Lord Armand. Fearne gets stopped by a very persistent Lord Preston. While Dorian is swept up by another stranger.   Imogen tries to stick to their original plan. Using her ability to softly pull the ring of Armand's hand. Just trying to loosen the jewelry. Unfortunately, she watches the Lord adjust his ring. Ruining all of her hard work as Lord Preston spins Fearne. Sending the twirling fawn into the arms of Lord Armand. Who is instantly distrusting of her. Though he does manage to hide it expertly from the fawn.   He doesn't manage to hide it from Imogen however. Who's already, discreetly, prying into his mind. Informing Fearne of his reactions to anything she says. Things quickly go south as Lord Armand starts to ignore Fearne. Getting ready to spin her away and into the arms of another, Gavis. At the fawn's request. When he spins her, Fearne takes the chance to 'accidentally' pull off his ring. The ring yanks off, though she manages to make it appear unintentional. Causing Armand to grunt and hold his hand. The light pain distracts him as Fearne starts to dance with Lord Gavis.  Orym, F.C.G. and Imogen all dive into the chaos. Dorian panics as it all happens and he goes to trade partners. Unable to break entirely from the dance. Though he does manage to kick the ring aside much to Lord Armand's irritation. Orym follows suit as Dorian fails to distract the dwarven man. Trying to direct him the other way so someone can grab the ring. Only the Lord sees through him. Shoving the halfling out of the way to continue searching for his ring. Which is getting kicked and lost in the crowd. F.C.G. manages to get the ring and continue rolling along. No one noticing what the small robot has in their grip.  Dorian is panicking and acting without thinking at this point. Managing to lock eyes with Fearne. He tosses her the tracker ring he had taken from Orym. The fawn stumbles as she barely catches it. Catching everyone's attention as she smiles.  "He just proposed." She lies easily and her dance partner jumps. People stumble and start to confusingly congratulate her. While the fawn nearly storms off the dance floor. Passing Imogen and slipping her the tracker ring.  Leading to the physic pretending to excitingly find the ring. 'Returning' it to Lord Armand. Who snatches it back and shoots a glare at Fearne.  "You are a terrible dancer." He hisses and a nobleman makes a face,  "Lord Armand, easy, she just got engaged." The stranger scolds earning a snort from the lord. The chaos of the dance keeps eyes off the pair of mischievous hands. One set is sneaking through the crowd. Using their presence to keep anyone from speaking to them, but keeping themself down to get close. Looting whatever sparkling piece catches their eye.   The second set of hands is tracking Lady Emoth at Ashton's request. After the genasi not only clocked her, but a familiar white tuxed air genasi with her. Leading to the gnome trailing the elven woman after failing to keep Cyrus out of trouble. Much to the tiny werewolf's irritation.  Currently invisible, Chetney manages to follow her to a door leaving the ballroom. He gets passed the first two guards. Losing sight of Lady Emoth for a time. While searching for her. The sneaky gnome has a very close call with another set of guards. Getting the distraction he needs to slip away when another voice calls out. Asking for where the bathroom is and getting their attention.   Chetney sniffs and follows an earthy, moldy scent down the hall. Tracking it to one of the doors. He listens against the door. Hearing the grinding of- metal on metal? Confused, Chetney reaches up for the handle. Carefully trying to open it and peek inside. Halfway the hinges give the faintest creak. The grinding stops and Chetney steps back. Just as Lady Emoth's face appears in the crack. This close Chetney gets a big sniff of that powerful cologne and that odd smell. Along with a close up of the elven woman, who's gone pale and is sweating violently.   She is heaving and pulls back, closing the door. Locking it with a loud click afterwards. Chetney has to use everything in him not to curse. Making his way back into the ball. The gnome walks in on quite the scene. ~•~  The dance had started to wind down and the group was regrouping. Drawing the attention of everyone who had been following them. Including the attention of Vali Dertrana. Who went rigid upon locking eyes with a masked Ashton. The genasi, true to their word, stepped forward and bowed dramatically to the commissioner. Rocking the boat and sending the elven man running.  Both Ashton and Laudna track him. Fearne reaching them a moment after. The trio watch the small elf run to none other than General Ratanish. Which causes Laudna to wince. Fearne taps Ashton's side and asks him to open their coat. He does and Fearne slips him the orimental sabre.  "When-?" Ashton had clocked that Shulkyr had the sabre during craft day. They had assumed Fearne had handed it over. Since she seems very partial to the drow's request.  "Shulk decided to play with us." The fawn sings and Ashton smirks. When did they manage that? Laudna elbows an amused Ashton while watching Vali point at them.  "Bad?" Ashton prompts and the ghoulish woman nervously strokes her fox pelt,  "Yes, Ratanish, great dancer, very perceptive. Figured me out quickly." Laudna reveals what she's been up too. Suprising Ashton as Fearne turns her attention on Vali.  "He knows you were fishing?" Ashton asks, as he keeps track of the general. Not a difficult feat. Since the goliath is striding directly towards them. Locking eyes with the masked genasi.  "Maybe? But he knows about my 'state of health'. Apparently our Shulk isn't the only follower of the Raven Queen here." The ghoul explains,  "Shit." Laudna and Fearne step away from Ashton to continue tracking Vali. Wanting to see who else the little rat runs too. While Ratanish makes it to Ashton. Towering over the genasi. Though that doesn't make them back down. Eyes turn their way when Ratanish rips off the genasi's mask. Earning a slap from Ashton. The general grins slowly at that and chuckles.  "Oh, I like you." Ratanish growls before returning the slap. That gets most everyone around them to narrow in on them. The excitement grows at the prospect of a possible fight. The eagerness getting the attention of the rest of their group. Orym and Shulkyr don't hesitate to approach the pair.  Before anyone manages to interenve the two agree to a fight. Ratanish starts to force Ashton outside with a heavy hand on their bad shoulder. Earning them a grunt as pain shoots through them. Ashton is quick to slap Ratanish's hand off them. Walking the rest of the way out on their own. Starting to remove their things with F.C.G. rolling up beside them. Taking their folded coat and the sabre hidden inside. They hand it off to the robot. Who uses some magic to discreetly aid Ashton. Promising to be his second man, no matter what.  Chetney finally catches someone. Pinching Orym as he trails the duo to get his attention. Stammering to explain what he had witnessed. While Shulkyr uses their full stance. Getting people to move out of their way. Lord Esterhross gets the party to follow after Ashton. Dorian is hyperventilating at this point. Desperately trying to keep himself together.  Everything is falling apart, and he's using his family name! His brother is here! At the ball! Ashton might die! Everyone's eyes are on them and his hands are tied-!  'Breathe little bird, if you break down like this things will only get worse.' Thel'ador pipes up and magic rushes the genasi. Soothing his nerves and steadying his rolling stomach.  'Hold your head up, adjust your mask, and focus on your goal. Your pack can do this, as chaotic as it's been, you've all done so well. Keep adapting, keep reacting, keep your head steady. The nights almost over.' The spirit reassures Dorian and steadies his stride. Getting the bard to follow after the chaos.   The only one not going after Ashton is Chetney. Who has gone on a panicked hunt for Cyrus. Not wanting to let down Dorian. Though he would never admit that outloud. He slips back into the ominous hallway. Checking the bathrooms the cursing gnome searches for the genasi. Not finding him in the room. Chetney remembers the voice that had helped him. Recalling it sounded like the older genasi. He takes his chance to check that eerie room again. Picking the locked door and slipping inside.   Cyrus was talking to Lady Emoth. Maybe they're in this room? Chetney manages to find something in this room. But it isn't Cyrus or Lady Emoth. Small cloaked figures, smaller than even himself, are sacking the place. Looting papers and items without care. Chetney gets a good view of the crooked, snarling creature when it turns. There are some loud steps as a crooked black eyed version of Lady Emoth emerges from a side room. Looking downright monstrous as she communicates to the wretched creatures. Getting them to crawl into the side room.   Chetney watches Lady Emoth and crack and convulse. Taking back on her normal looking state. The elven woman collects herself and leaves the room. Chetney carefully follows after her. Confused about what he just witnessed. What is going on?!

  I'm striding through the crowd of people. Who duck out of my way as we make it outside. I know I praised them for rocking the boat, but I hope they didn't bite off more than they can chew. Shit, why didn't I poison Ratanish after he arrived? The vials of poison and healing lining the inside of my boots feel cold against my feverish skin. Taunting how I had ignored them until now. Having focused too much on amassing the pearls of various sizes and shapes in my hidden pouch. Along with anything else of note I could get away with.  Reaching into my boot, I flick open my cartridge and snag a faintly glowing red drug. Focusing on the searing in my system. I start the process of flushing out my mutagen. Knowing very well this could cause me to transform midstride. But I need the pain gone so I can think.  The crowd roars and my ears perk. The sound of bones cracking hits me and I start shoving. Flushing the mutagen by the time I smell blood. During the panic, I feel something wet fill my hand. One glance shows I broke the fragile shell of the mutagen. Cursing quietly, I listen to the crowd react as I start to make it to the front. Finally able to see Ratanish's towering form. Where is everyone else? Are they supporting Ashton? Is anyone doing anything?!  "The nobody has gotten into quite a bit of trouble." I'm stopped by an unknown voice. Just as Ratanish dashes forward, and the sound of combat fills my ears. Tearing my eyes away, I find an older looking elven woman with auburn hair. She's watching from afar and seems oddly amused by the situation. Not blood thirsty per say, but there is something malicious in it.   She turns her head and smiles at me. "I do hope they'll be well. They still have quite a debt." With that the woman leaves and I stare after her. Flaring my nose and taking in her scent. Barely managing to sort it from the crowd. Which roars and draws my attention back to the fight.   Ashton. I need to help Ashton. If only to make sure this duel doesn't go too far. Passing some figures, I scent, now clear headed. Clocking just how everyone smells. I bypass Vali, Gavis, Lord Armand, and countless others. Using my nose I find my way to Lord Esterhross.   "How bad is it?" The orc lord makes room for me. His presence manages to make space for us. Nevermind my own which has gone beyond my control. With people side-stepping to get out of my way. Almost cowering away from the two of us.   "They are holding their own, but it appears their magic is unavailable to them. Ratanish, however, appears to have magic of his own." I watch Ashton land a kick as the general drops. Knocking a leg out from under them. Ratanish grabs the back of their head mid-fall. Cracking it over his shoulder. Ashton stumbles forward and Ratanish tries to grab at him again. Ashton barely dodges it by simply falling forward. My eyes pin on the general's stance. There's something refined about that style.  "Son of a bitch." I don't know quite enough about the cobalt soul. But I fought alongside them once. I can't tell if it's their style per say. But something about it is- familiar. At the very least, he has to have had similar training.   Ratanish wails on Ashton using a pillar to jump. Getting a kick right across their face. Before coming down with a hammerblow. Even from here, I can see the flashing of their magic. People are whispering and placing bets. Some become concerned due to the shifting lights.  "Can't we stop it?" I hiss and Eshteross shakes his head,  "Not at this rate, it would only rouse suspicion. Though you are here as a holy woman. Perhaps-" The orc lord is thinking and I watch the two fight.   Ashton is alive right now. There's a grin on both their bloodied faces. Laughter and energy radiating off the pair. Despite what's happening they couldn't look happier. I find my mouth twitching to life. Revealing fangs from under my veil. Fixated on the brawl, I step away from Esterhross.  "This is dangerous." The orc warns and I shrug,  "That's the nature of things, but these are my people. I don't abandon my people." Following the fight, I manage to get close to the chaos. Having fought my way to the front. Taking another step causes a hand to shoot out. Belonging to one of the warriors who came with Ratanish. Some masked minotaur who's keeping a barrier between the fight and the crowd.  "No tampering." He growls just as I watch Ashton be dragged into the stone. It's brutal to watch as they're dragged and they seem ok. Until I watch fire lick at them and their eyes roll back. Ashton's form going limp in Ratanish grasp. Who releases him ready to throw another blow before realizing what's happened.  "Ah- disappointing. I had expected more." The general grunts and I let out a low growl. How dare-?!  "It's over. This is no tampering. Now- Move." Snarling, I shove past him as Ratanish picks up Ashton. Throwing him to another guard. Before going on about how impressive his display was. Selling the Paragon's Call to the nobles. However, I couldn't care less.   As for a moment, I see a faint gold string manifest. Wrapped around Ashton's body and heart. It's golden glow flickers in a familiar way, dimming, fraying. Dread strikes through me like a blade. Shoving away any hands that try to grab me. Words barely manage through the pounding in my ears. Not again-  "Enough!" Snapping, I storm over just as F.C.G. reach them. "You have proved your point Ratanish! Release them!" I watch F.C.G. bring Ashton back to life. Their flickering string goes back to a solid glow. Before slowly fading back to where I cannot see it. Warm relief replaces the cold dread. Though my heart doesn't stop hammering. The goliath turns and seems surprised by me.   "It is no great feat beating a random man to near death!" I scold his display and shove the guards off Ashton. Getting them down on the ground. Letting them catch their breath. The looks they shoot me are searing. If it weren't for this mask, they'd get the same. F.C.G. remains by our side. After a moment, the general gives a nod and bows to me.  "My apologies my lady, I had gotten carried away. Random man he may be, but he did very well." The general apologizes and even praises Ashton. Likely saying it to assuage my rage rather than actually meaning it.   Rather than dignify his apology with a response I attend to Ashton. Magic pulsing in my veins freely in place of the pain. Gently rushing the genasi's system. Manifesting as a gentle silverish fog. That sinks into their wounds, turning into a silver thread, and gently stitching their injuries shut. The crowd starts leaving, chattering to their heart's content. Making theories and sharing rumors and collecting their bets.  Ashton groans and blinks as they come back. Muttering father and getting some attention. They had probably intended to sow their own rumors, but it falls through as it turns into a shot at their pride. At least I know they're ok. Seeing as they can make a joke. Chuckling, I gently pat their good shoulder. Not wanting to touch their head too much with how hard Ratanish went for it.  "You'll get his attention eventually, you did better than last time." I praise and watch them pause. Starting to whisper between each other.  'Did she-?' 'Does Ratanish have a love child?' 'No way, maybe they mean-?!' It continues on as they bicker. Whether or not we're referring to Ratanish, or another nobleman in the crowd. Which is probably even better than what Ashton was hoping for. If their lopsided grin and laughter is anything to go by.  "Fun?" Ashton, still dazed, blinks at me and gives a dopey nod,  "The most I've had in a while. Thanks for having my back." Ashton gives another weak laugh and I nod.  "That's how this group works. If we can convince someone the tower is haunted. We can convince everyone you're a love child. It'll be fun." We chuckle as F.C.G. checks in with Ashton. Asking them how many fingers they have. Though apparently neither of them actually know the answer.   Smiling despite myself, I help Ashton to their feet. Letting their bulking weight lean on me. When Dorian comes with a practiced smile. Looking pretty well put together for how panicked he smells.   "Young man, I have to say! You did mighty well! I have to give my congratulations for putting up such a display." Dorian shakes Ashton's hand and this close I can see his magic flicker. The gentle breeze helps close the cuts and ease the bruises. Making up for my own lack of healing ability. He leans in kissing Ashton's cheek.  "We need you." My ear flicks at that, but I don't acknowledge it otherwise. Dorian pulls away and I stroke Ashton's arm.  "My clothes are fucked. Shame." Ashton looks genuinely disappointed. They did seem to really like the Krynn style. Maybe I should ask my old boss to get something for Ashton? He knows a Krynn doesn't he?  "Laudna can mend them." I reassure them for now and they give me a look. Pausing, I admire them in all their bloodied giddy glory. Something fond and warm fills my chest as they beam at me. This picture reminds me of something. My mind hazes as voices whisper from somewhere far away. Trying to pull me into something. Rather than linger on the memory. I focus on helping Ashton stay on his feet.   "Can you go back inside?" F.C.G. questions and Ashton laughs,  "Oh fuck no!" They laugh and I see three figures start approaching us. If they weren't obvious to place. Their smell marks them as the guard that had tried to stop me, and the two Ratanish had thrown Ashton too. Straightening, I shift Ashton to the side. Putting myself between them and the injured genasi.   "Ratanish wishes to speak with him." The minotaur explains, already glaring at me, and I lift my head. Tilting my head slowly in response.  "So he can try and end them again?" My voice is cold as I earn a glare,  "He already apologized." The bull man huffs,  "Actions speak louder than words, I'm afraid."   "And no offense, I'm fucked. Also I can't see." Ashton groans and the minotaur pulls out a cloth. Roughly rubbing Ashton's face and making to grab them.  "Ratanish is waiting-" Snatching their wrist I stop their hand. Having to tap into my lycanthropy to hold him.   "They can walk." Shoving the hand away. I feel Ashton rests more of their weight against me. Gently leading them along. I keep them steady and out of the Paragon's grasp.  "Fuck, alright- alright let's go. Hope you don't mind being a crutch."  "I've been worse for worse." I gently answer them as we are escorted by the Paragon's Call. I keep trying to clock everyone. Hoping they manage to hold themselves.   Eyes flick to us as we carry through the hall. I manage to spot Laudna, all alone, and Lord Esterhross who's ever a beacon. I debate using another heal on Ashton. But I can only cast one more spell today. Should something happen, I will need it. Maybe I can get Dorian-? Ashton gently bumps me and my attention snaps to a table in front of us.  Ratanish is surrounded and being talked to, or rather he's being talked at. Seeing as he couldn't seem more disinterested. Ashton did manage to visibly bloody him, an impressive feat. One the general seems to refuse to acknowledge. Much to my aggravation. Once Ratanish notices our approach. He brightens and I pull out a chair for Ashton. Keeping vigil beside them.   "Ah, I was wondering what happened. Are you so unwell that our lady is concerned with your well-being?" Ratanish questions giving me a nod,  "You very nearly killed them, Ratanish. That would not have gone over well here. Especially with all the grief already going around." The General pauses upon my words. Staring at me intensely as I remove my hands from Ashton. Keeping them on their chair to have something to grip.   "You have my sincere apologies, my matron." Ratanish apologies to me again before focusing back on Ashton. Beginning what can only be described as an interrogation. Ratanish questions Ashton about the mask. Keeping quiet, I watch Ashton work his magic. While I flare my nose and remember all their scents.   Discovering this close and clear headed. Some of them share an underlying smell. Something wild and familiar. Chetney smells like that doesn't he? For a moment, I worry they'll recognize what I am. But didn't Chetney fail to recognize me? Chetney said I smell different so I should be fine, right?  The guards keep their eyes on me. Especially the aggravated minotaur. Honestly, you could cut the tension with a toothpick right now. Only the genasi and goliath don't seem to notice, or acknowledge it.   Ashton and Ratanish are meeting one another on an even ground. The genasi manages to keep steady somehow. During that fight, some kind of warrior bond must have formed between them. Perhaps I would have noticed. If I hadn't been so focused on their fraying thread. Ashton uses every ounce of rough and tumble charm they have. Not bothering to hide their near blissful state. Somehow ending the interaction with a laugh.   Ratanish lets us leave with Ashton's pride intact. Along with a proposition for the genasi to join the Paragon's Call. That annoys me more than it should as they get to their feet. Not getting their mask back, unfortunately.  "You mind sticking around? He fucked up my ribs something fierce, and I don't think anyone else here has healing." Humming, I give a nod to the genasi.  "Your thread almost snapped. I wouldn't leave if you wanted me to." Ashton and I make our way through the ball. All while being watched by Ratanish and his men. Along with anyone else who feels like being nosey.  Avoiding any more confrontation until we meet back up with Fearne and F.C.G. Fearne checks in with Ashton. While I get their coat from Grass. Giving it to Ashton and helping them dress. Covering up the revealed and bruised skin. Ignoring the burgundy substance that's leaking from their cracks and smearing on my arms and dress. All while being careful to keep the oriental sabre they somehow acquired hidden.   Fearne reports on what Imogen and Chetney found. Including that Dorian's brother was here. "Idiot." I mutter and Ashton snorts, "Stupid."  "I know right? Anyways he followed the lady that came with Lord Treshi." Fearne struggles to explain it. Reporting that Chetney saw Lady Emoth looting a room. Joined by small creepy creatures. Transformed into an ominous form. Pale, black eyed, and broken at horrid angles. The description sinks in and suddenly there's a click.  My eyes blow wide under my mask and I spit in undercommon. "That fucking smell!" I hiss and they all look at me.  "Figure it out birdie?" Ashton seems surprised by the suddenness of it.  "With that-? That smell. Wet, moldy and earthy but not quite rotten. That smell was Dugger. It was all over his damn house and the inn." Now I'm annoyed that I hadn't placed it before. It's not like anything else smells like Dugger or his ilk. Even back home, deep underground, though some smells certainly were close. Those stupid worms-  "Oh damn." Ashton breathes and makes a face after a moment. "Huh- told you, you'd figure it out." Ashton lifts the mood with their bloodied grin. Bumping me with their elbow. It eases the sting of not piecing things together sooner. My wounded pride certainly appreciates it. Speaking of-  "Sorry by the way." Mumbling, I watch Fearne and F.C.G. leave. Likely up to no good based on her history. The two of us head over to Laudna. Since Ashton has decided that seems the nicest place to bleed out.  "For the close call? Did that to myself." Ashton brushes me off as they get a seat beside Laudna. Who acknowledges us with an excited wave.   "I meant all the touching." Ashton distinctly said they don't like being touched. I've seen them avoid contact plenty. Though they made an exception when my curiosity about their hair came into play. Which was appreciated, but I've not thought much of it since. It was hearing them use it to explain away their reaction to Ratanish that reminded me.  "Oh that. Yeah- it's fine. You're fine. You don't- you leave my bad side alone and you don't do it a lot. Plus healing kinda requires it. And uh- You're worried." Ashton notes and I sigh,  "You think?" I barely resist giving them a playful poke, "Darling?" I sing and Laudna brightens. Scooting her chair closer to us. Almost instinctively knowing that I'm referring to her. It's adorable really.  "Yes?" She sings right back and I gesture to Ashton,  "Can you mend their attire? It would be a shame to lose it." Laudna beams at my request. Happily chatting up Asthon as she works on his outfit. Praising their display with Ratanish, and commenting on how they bruise beautifully. Otherwise she fixes them up without a complaint.  Leaving me to silently collect myself. While resisting the urge to grab and touch. When did I get so physically affectionate? Especially with these people? And why does Laudna have a point about Ashton breaking nicely?   Sighing, I focus on searching for everyone else. Trying to spot Lady Emoth while I'm at it. Hopefully no one else gets nearly taken from us tonight. I don't know if I can handle it. My heart's already strained by having the mutagen in me so long. ~•~

  Fearne, Chetney, Dorian, and F.C.G. all go to stir up trouble. The guards blocking the door they all want to head through to seem skeptical of them. Giving each other looks before escorting the two. Since they lie about needing to go to the restroom. While F.C.G. and Chetney whisper about what the fuck is going on. Discovering there was very clearly a misunderstanding somewhere along the way.   Dorian signals Fearne to chat up the guard. Using her distraction as a chance to cast minor illusion. Making what sounds like a woman's scream come from the room Chetney had mentioned to him. Which causes his head to spin as he curses. He adjusts his spear and heads towards the sound. Locking eyes with the other guard. The duo go to investigate the sound.   Dorian checks to see if his brother was in the bathroom. While Fearne follows after the guards. F.C.G. and Chetney watch the guards go towards the scream. Deciding to follow after them and the fawn. Who is listening in on what sounds like the guards getting killed.   "Oh, this is a turn of events." Fearne whispers, choking as she stays and listens.   Orym has started whispering to Dorian. Trying to figure out where half their group went. Imogen reaches out to Laudna. Who's currently amusing Ashton and Shulkyr by having Paté tap dance. They all gather with Lord Esterhross and start discussing. Trying to figure out what's going on.  Shulkyr sighs, "I'll scent them. Come on." That earns a look from the orc lord. But Shulkyr ignores him for now. Flaring their nose and scenting the sweet smell of Fearne.   "Lord Esterhross we're going to need you to keep people out sweetheart." Shulkyr growls and takes the lead. Taking the party towards the smell. Directing them towards the door before pausing. "Ashton, will you be ok?" Shulkyr checks who makes a face,  "I have no idea. I'm fucked." The barbarian admits as they pause before the doors. Laudna failing to reach Chetney which causes more panic.  While Dorian and the rest meet up with Fearne. Who explains that she heard the guards die. Which causes a panic as Dorian is flooded with guilt. F.C.G. rolls in wanting to try and save them. Causing the party to follow after. Who overhear the sound of Shade creepers likely eating human flesh in another part of the room. Before hearing a cursed voice question them. F.C.G. looks up to notice a twisted version of Lady Emoth clinging to the ceiling. Head twisted at an unnatural angle.  "Well- smiley day to you." The robot answers her and the group starts to cower,  "Oh, maybe we should have waited for the others." Fearne breathes following fresh cut grass's gaze.   "Let's go." Shulkyr orders, and watches the ballroom. Catching the eye of a certain golaith as they go. 

  Lady Emoth corners half of the party. Corralling them into the room and from any prying eyes. Before Lashing out at Fresh Cut Grass. Managing to slash into the robot's chest. Sending the tiny cleric reeling back. Dorian steps back and gets a stern look to him.  "Where is my brother?" Dorian questions, focusing his magic and blasting the mind of Lady Emoth. Forcing the twisted woman back into the hall. Chetney drops his dress and retrieves his wooden chisel from Fresh Cut Grass. Cutting his pec and causing the metal to set ablaze.     Before checking the next room over. Seeing the two guards choking on their own blood. Along with two cloaked shade creepers. Who hiss and lunge. Both leaping over Chetney's head to join the fray. Though he does catch one with his chisel.   "We've got two more and two guards!" The gnome shouts as he gets swiped by one. The other rushes at F.C.G. who rolls out of the way. There's a third that leaps over Chetney and lunges for Fearne. Managing to sink it's claws into her. Tearing into lace dress much to her disappointment.   "Now, now- ladies and gentlemen we don't want to fight right now." F.C.G. speaks up trying to use their magic to stop the fighting. The weak pulse of dulling magic manages to slow some of the creepers. Causing them to look at Lady Emoth confused. The magic making their minds settle into something docile.   "If you attack them or any of their friends. They will become hostile." F.C.G. warns and Fearne makes a face,  "So we can't hit anybody?" Fearne huffs and summons Mister onto her shoulder. Who screams and hits the ground in front of the two aggressive shade creepers. Causing a small explosion that catches creepers, and unfortunately, the guards. The little monkey backs up Chetney.   Fearne apologies to the guards she set ablaze. Before throwing out her hand. Manifesting a blade of flame from her claw. Clinging to it and waiting to swing.  The rest of the party arrive in the hallways. Orym is the one who notices a twisted humanoid figure on the ceiling. Which causes him to bolt into action. The rest follow after him without a second thought. The moment they see Orym bolt. Shulkyr's form cracks and transforms. Their clothes melt into them as they drop into their hybrid form. Charging after the halfling.  Orym leaps into the air, his blade striking stone instead of his target. But he presses off the wall and catches Lady Emoth's leg. Before hitting the ground next to Fearne. Imogen follows it by throwing out her hand. Hitting the figure with a spell though she resists it. Laudna twists and transforms focusing on the same figure.   Ashton curses and tiredly takes a few steps forward. Downing a potion seeing as it looks like they're gonna need it. "Fuck, you guys alright?! Hello!"  "Get the fuck in here!" Chetney answers as the genasi takes position in front of the spellcasters. Wishing they had their hammer with them. While Lady Emoth drops and cracks her neck. Unleashing a line of dark acidic spit on Orym, Shulkyr, and Fearne. Melting away at their skin even as they duck out of the way. Though Shulkyr can't avoid most of it due to their enlarged size. Satisfied, Lady Emoth spins on Dorian who she dropped beside.  He stays shockingly steady, "I said, where is my brother?"  'Keep strong little bird, use that rage. Aim it, hone it, and unleash the beast!' Thel'ador advises Dorian and the mask pulses. Lighting crackling around it and onto Dorian's sickle. He lashes out with the moon sickle. Carving it through Lady Emoth and spinning. Decapitating one shade creeper and sinking his crackling sickle back into Lady Emoth. The small burst of lighting catching eyes.  Chetney takes the chance to jump over the shade creepers in their way, "Age is just a Number!" He manages to vault over them. Pouring a healing potion down one guard's throat. They choke back to life and snatch their spear. Pressing their back to the door. Shaking and looking at the chaos.  "We're here to help! Now shits about to get wheeled- weird! Just don't hit me!" Chetney finishes and transforms into his hybrid form. Which earns him a scream. Laudna pushes further in and tries to pin Lady Emoth with her spell. Though it slides off her thanks to her ooze.  The creepers are moving again and Chetney lashes out. Killing a creeper and taking a strike from another. Snarling, Chetney looks back to the guard. "Friend."   One creeper lunges at Dorian and is trying to maul his back. While Imogen gets into the fray. Using misty step to teleport right into Lady Emoth's face. "Take it in." She hisses and throws all the mental anguish of the party into her mind. Cornering the twisted woman with the rest of her party.  F.C.G. rolls towards the guards. Still desperate to help them. Summoning their spiritual weapon in the form of an invitation. Having the magical letter hit the woman. Flopping against Lady Emoth's head. After that fails F.C.G. focuses on the guards. Not able to help with healing. They open a little door in his body. Expelling a small flame thrower at the creeper in front of them.  Little Mister follows that up with a slam into the creeper's back. The burst of flame doesn't sting the monkey. But it does lick at F.C.G. and Chetney. The older werewolf whimpers at his seared fur. While Fearne spins on Lady Emoth.   "I just got shampoozaled." The fawn hisses, slashing her flame blade through the twisted woman's body. Causing her body to ooze violently. While Little Mister jumps turning into a ball of flame, excitingly racing to Fearne's side. He screeches and it catches her attention.   Shulkyr rakes their claws down their arms. Blood coating their claws and transforming into jagged dark red ice. They snort and charge, their massive form leaps off the wall. Following after Orym's lead. Their massive size comes down on Lady Emoth other side. Her slippery form manages to avoid being crushed. As claws rake down her side. The jagged ice tearing into her as they hit the ground.   "Another worm." Shulkyr snarls into her face. Having finished the circle around Lady Emoth.  Orym collects himself and races forward at the same moment. Dropping into a slide going through Laudna's, Imogen's, and Fearne's legs. "Sorry, coming through!" Orym shoves the fawn back as he lashes out. Carving with the dagger he had hidden on his person. Managing to tear through Lady Emoth's eye. Causing the woman to scream.   The chaos continues as several people rush. Lady Emoth takes in the scene and leaps back onto the ceiling. Taking a strike from both Dorian and Orym. While Shulkyr snaps at Emoth. Their teeth getting her ankle before it turns to sludge and escapes their maw.  She skitters into the room and bolts past Chetney and F.C.G. who both lash out at her on the way past. The honed ears of Chetney hear her chanting, "She'll help me. She'll help me." Confusing the werewolf, but giving him something to go after.  Dorian in his anger, and empowered by Thel'ador, tosses the creeper off his back. Slamming it into a bookcase across from him. Causing it to fall over and trap the remaining shade creeper. Chetney chases after Lady Emoth. Discovering her trying to flee into a hole.  "Where are you going?" He snarls and shoves his claws into her. Casting a powerful necrotic spell through Lady Emoth who screams.   Laudna forces herself into the room and spots the pinned creature. Lashing out with both her blasts. That blows up some books and causes the barely moving creeper to whine. Struggling to break free for another moment and giving up. Imogen races past Laudna and tries to make it into the room. "Don't let her get away!" F.C.G. follows after Imogen's call.   Barely managing to catch sight of Lady Emoth. Trying to compel her to stay. The party rushes into the room. Each trying to stop the woman from disappearing. Only she manages to make it out. The beasts are snarling and Chetney changes back. Shulkyr remains and perks up. The familiar voice of Dorian's brother caught several people's attention.   "Dorian, brother?" Shulkyr snorts and the genasi panics,  "Shit! Shit!" He curses and races out followed by Laudna. Shulkyr cracks back into themself. Taking a slow look around the room. Noting the dead guard and kneeling beside him. His thread has long since faded. There's nothing that can be done there.  "You served truthfully, rest." Shulkyr whispers and sighs. Turning their attention to the living guardsman.  "You- are you well? We need you." Shulkyr checks in with the guard. Putting a hand on him and channeling the last bit of their magic.   He nods and they help him. Giving him a shoulder to lean on and giving chase to the party, who's split up once again, not long after. Joined by a weary Ashton and Chetney. Entering the ball they find utter chaos. Dorian is missing, people are running, and Laudna, Imogen, and F.C.G. are being surrounded.  "There's been an attack!" The guard on Shulkyr's shoulder shouts. Getting the other guard's attention.  "I know! They-" One aggressive guard points their spear at Laudna. The injured guard shakes his head.  "No, no. She- They saved me! The attackers are gone. They're gone." The guard gasps as Shulkyr hisses at one aggressive guard,  "You have a dead man in the back. You don't have time for this." Shulkyr carefully hands their guard off to another. Saying a short goodbye as the guards let most of them leave. The huntress is collecting their party. Making sure everyone is accounted for this time.  "Come on, before it's gone." The other guard straightens and the party is let free. Though all eyes stay pinned on them. Remembering their faces and their information. Marking every member as a person of interest.~•~  They somehow make it all back to Estheross manor. Where Dorian reveals his brother. Who apologies for his lack of skills. Chetney is quick to agree. While undoing the shackles around the genasi's wrists. While he explains what the fuck he was doing at the ball. Including how he got mixed up with Lady Emoth.  "Your bounty was issued because you were falsely accused of stealing from a mahaan house. So you thought the best method to fix that. Was to rob another mahaan house?" Dorian sighs and Shulkyr approaches him. Wrapping an arm around the air genasi.  While Cyrus explains himself to them further. Explaining the green watchers were asking about a tower. But Cyrus insists he doesn't know what they were talking about. Once it clicks what he's referring to. Dorian's legs threaten to give out, and Shulkyr pulls him into their form. He all too willingly collapses into them. Letting their lycanthrope strength keep him on his feet.  "They think he's me." Dorian sobs and Shulkyr rubs his shoulder. When Cyrus suggests turning himself in. Dorian is quick to refuse it. Begging Ashton to back him up. Which they do, insisting Cyrus wouldn't last a week. Cyrus expresses his distress. What is he supposed to do-?!  "Get off the continent. Disappear." Shulkyr growls and holds Dorian close. Tossing their mask aside for now. The reveal of their face causes the genasi to jump. Staring jaw dropped at them.   "You've done something utterly foolish Cyrus. You've fucked yourself over, and Dorian- do you realize that? Your stupid, foolish choices have ruined his freedom." Cyrus's eyes blow wide at the scolding he receives. Withering under the werewolf's snarling. "Every choice you've made has put him in danger. You're supposed to be a leader. That means you have to consider others and the ramifications of your choices. Was that never drilled into your head?" Shulkyr snarls and Cyrus gaps. Unable to find the answer to their words. So he chooses to stay silent. Just watching the drow comfort his crying brother.  "Wildmount." Shulkyr breathes, "I can't get you out of the city, but I can this continent. Together with Estheross." Shulkyr looks to the orc lord while stroking Dorian's hair.   "My captain will take them. You'll be taken care of." Shulkyr whispers the second half to Dorian.   "Shulk-" The genasi chokes and they squeeze him. Before getting quietly hushed. Lord Esterhross takes the lead. Reassuring the group before turning his anger on Cyrus. Causing him to slouch even further. While Shulkyr gets Dorian to sit down. Cradling the genasi and letting him fall apart. While the party surrounds the duo. Tears starting to well up in their eyes.   "You don't have your stone anymore Shulk. Can you even call your boss?"  "He'll come. He already said he would be here." Shulkyr closes their eyes and breathes. Focusing on their string. On the ties of fate that bound them. Following their own string until they reach a knot. Giving it a gentle tug and urging their attention.   Shulkyr opens their eyes and sees everyone's threads. All intertwined together in an elegant, golden web. Pulsing with the warmth of their lives. How long has it been since they've seen such a beautiful thing?  "As long as they can get to the coast. My captain will take them. He'll help, he always does." Shulkyr reaches in their pouch. Evelyn, divine bless her, comes with cups and wine for everyone. Everyone gets a drink to toast with. The name of the group being solidified as Hell's Bells.  "To Dorian, who's leaving us for his stupid brother! What the fuck is up with that?" Ashton complains and Dorian laughs. While Shulkyr positions themself over the group. Hands quietly working on their trinkets. Everyone talks and laughs as they share warm goodbyes. Barely holding back the wave of emotions. Chetney threatens Cyrus much to some's satisfaction.   "Before you go-" Shulkyr speaks, getting everyone's attention, "-I have something I've been working on. Close your eyes." The bard gives them a surprised look. Closing his eyes and waiting for them to act. Shulkyr finishes their trinket which they've promptly improvised at the last moment. They gently lay the necklace of pearls and glass work around Dorian's neck. Clipping it in the back with a clip that was a tiny cog they took off of Milo.   "There you go." Shulkyr pulls back his hair and he opens his eyes,  Orym smiles and grabs his sword. Letting Dorian check his reflection on the surface. It's a necklace of pearls with glass work. The sigil hanging from the center piece is an elegant twisting thing. Dorian barely recognizes the sigil as one of the Raven Queen. The wire glimmers in the fire light. Revealing its twisting copper nature.   "Oh- Oh, Shulkyr It's-" Dorian stammers and tears start to fall,  "Someone told me you wanted pearls." Shulkyr gently replies and runs their fingers through his hair. Ashton snorts and shakes their head. Openly admiring the piece and the tears sliding down Dorian's face.  "Is that what you've been working on?" Dorian's voice is broken with his emotion.   "Part of it. I'm glad I got yours done. As for the rest-" Shulkyr takes out their pouch. Getting out glass pieces for everyone. Revealing what their nightly toil has been for. All eyes blow wide at the display.  "Fuck, wasn't expecting something like that." Ashton flushes as Shulkyr kneels beside them.  "May I?" Shulkyr gives them a small smile. Ashton breathes and gives a nod.  "Yeah, go for it Birdie." Ashton tilts their head. Giving Shulkyr their good ear. Letting the drow take a dagger to them. Giving them a new piercing. Shulkyr loops the earring in the hole. Using a cog to pin the bolt to their ear. The wire intertwined in it has twisting pieces of glass hanging from it. More pearls that had been stolen were added at the ends. Resembling something akin to wind chimes.  It jingles with every move of their head. Dorian admires Ashton and hands them Orym's blade. Letting them take a look at it.  "Well look at that- it matches my glass." Ashton chuckles admiring the little piece. The pieces do really look like their slag glass. Pale white and shifting colors in the firelight. The cogs and wire give it a rougher look than the dainty glass and pearls would imply. Satisfied, Shulkyr moves on. Revealing they've made a piece for every single member of their party.   Imogen got a bracelet of copper wire and glass, Laudna got a hair piece that goes with her chisel, and Paté even got his own collar piece. Each one has pearls of various sizes and shapes added to them. Not part of the original design, but still a much appreciated addition. Shulkyr kneels in front of Orym and gently takes his blade. "I admit, yours got finished first. But I wasn't really sure what I was going for."   They tie the piece around the butt of the blade. Letting the wire and glass hang from the bottom of his sword. Which clinks as Orym openly admires it. His glass pieces match his color scheme. Made to look like flowers and vines. Shulkyr took the smallest pearls. Putting them in the center of the flowers since they didn't know how else to integrate them.  "I think it's wonderful, Shulkyr. Thank you." Orym smiles and takes their hand. Giving a gentle squeeze and a nod.   "That's something." They return it and move on to Fearne. Who eagerly squirms and beams at Shulkyr.  "Want to see it?"   "Oh, yes please." Fearne is nearly bouncing in her spot. While Shulkyr takes out a large bracelet. They unclasp it and clip it around her left horn. It's a gorgeous glittering piece where the glass is the main part. Countless pearls have been pierced and looped through with copper wire.  "Like it?" Shulkyr asks as Orym hands Fearne his blade. She cooes and fawns over her new piece. Beaming at Shulkyr and latching around their waist with a hug.  "I love it. It fits so well." Fearne clings to Shulkyr who pets her hair. Stroking her other horn with a warm smile.  "I'm glad, I have some more. So one moment-" Shulkyr carefully gets the fawn off of them. Giving F.C.G. their piece next. Revealing it's a little trinket meant to hang from their backpack. One pretty coin hanging from the piece.   "And do I get one?!" Chetney pipes up and Shulkyr quirks a brow,  "To be fair, I haven't had the most time for yours." The drow blinks and the gnome huffs. Pretending he isn't hurt. Terribly.   "Fine! I guess, I see how it is! I don't even like glass! Wood is better anyways. Less limited! Functional!" Chetney puts his back to them. Shulkyr smirks and pulls out one last trinket. Waving the piece in front of his big nose. Causing him to jump up and snatch it.   "I said I haven't had much time. Not that it's not done." Shulkyr jokes and goes back to Dorian. Settling beside him and grabbing their cup.   "To Hell's Bells, and the threads that tie us together." Shulkyr toasts and everyone follows suit. Downing their drinks for now. Filling their cups whenever they empty them. The group gets more and more sloshed as the night goes along.   "Hey Shulk- this boss. Who is he?" Dorian curiously hums, his cheek resting on their shoulder,  "Kingsley." They answer him after a moment, "Kingsley Tealeaf. Captain of the Mollymauk. He's a tiefling man, when you meet him. Just tell him his moonstone sent you. I think he'd be good for you to be around. Especially that idiot-" Shulkyr nods to Cyrus who is still stone cold sober, just watching the group and his brother. "-It would do you some good Cyrus. Stay open to it." Shulkyr advises him and Dorian hums,  "I'll remember that name." He sighs, "If you trust him- I can too."   "It's a good option, but where should you go if you can't find him?" F.C.G. asks and Dorian hums,  "To Tal'dorei most likely? I have friends there." Dorian chuckles as he and Orym smile. Making some joke that no one else, but Fearne, has the context for. Dorian receives a hug from Orym. Freezing for a moment before he bows. Giving the halfling a gentle kiss on the head.  "It's not fair, I don't like this feeling." Fearne mutters and gestures to her chest, "It hurts- right here. I don't like it." The fawn pouts and Dorian chuckles. Giving her a hug and comforting her. Fearne decides to assuage her own pain by giving Dorian a necklace with a fang. Having him promise to never forget her.  "It's not goodbye. It's a- see you later." Dorian reassures the group,  "If push comes to shove, and you can't come back here. We can wrap up everything. Follow you." Ashton chuckles and downs another cup of wine. Slouching with a loud huff as they glare at the cup.  "Fuck, this wine is not strong enough for this." Ashton complains and the group laugh,  "I figured. I'll buy you the best Tal'dorei beer I can get you. Maybe even take you to Byroden? It has amazing liquor and food- and pie." Dorian offers and Ashton smirks, hearing a low growl come from Shulkyr. Causing them to all burst into laughter.  "I'm holding you to that blueberry." Ashton snorts and Dorian beams at them. Dorian is giving hugs and kisses on the cheek. Saying his final goodbyes as Lord Esterhross returns to the party. Announcing it's time for Dorian and Cyrus to go.   "Dorian." Shulkyr stops the genasi and cups his cheek, "You'll do well princeling. Stay safe, until next time." They pull him in and kiss his forehead. Dorian flusters and reaches for the mask at his hip.  "Ah- I almost took this." He holds the mask out to Shulkyr.  'Would have been catastrophic for the pup, but I don't think they would have minded. Take care of yourself, little bird. Do try and teach your idiot brother how to fly proper. Before he plummets into a pond and a fish gets him.' Thel'ador jokes into the genasi's mind. Who snorts and slaps a hand over his mouth.   "If I didn't know better, I'd think you like me, Thel'ador."  The mask crackles and barely zaps his finger, 'Don't push it hatchling.'  Dorian throws up his hands and beams. While Shulkyr puts the mask back on their hip. Amused and pleasantly surprised by their interaction.  "Alright, alright! All of you sleep, have sweet dreams and- until next time." Dorian sadly leaves with his brother. Entering the carriage while being escorted by Lord Esterhross. The brothers settle in their carriage. Saying goodbye to Lord Esterhross and thanking him for his generosity. The orc lord wishes them well and sees them off.  Dorian left his boat from Chetney. Floating it in the air where the carriage had been. One little child spots it in awe. Snatching it out of the air and loudly giggling. Racing off with it, eager to show it off to friends. The orc lord hums, amused and somber, before he heads back inside the manor. Looking over the sullen party.   He gives them his condolences and tells them they did well. Reassuring them and deciding to let them sleep in the manor for the night. Everyone takes him up on that offer. Going to the cleared out room to rest. Except for Shulkyr who remains downstairs for a bit. Something that is becoming a habit of theirs.  "I apologize that things went so far. I know you had meant to make tonight up to him." Lord Esterhross settles at his desk and the drow nods,  "I still will- it's just going to take longer now." Shulkyr declares and downs another cup of wine. Flushed in the face with liquor. They've never drank this much. They would fear turning, but the beast feels too kicked down for them to fear it. Curled up and whining at the loss it just experienced.  "Yes, I am sure. You are a person of your word." Lord Esterhross agrees and they nod. They might continue talking if Shulkyr's ears hadn't perked up. Their attention turns to the office door as it opens.  "Shulk?" Fearne is peeking into the room. Looking rather shy as she glances between them and the orc.   "Hmm? What's going on, Fearne?" Shulkyr gently prompts the fawn to speak. While she widens the door and stares at the floor.   "I know this is a bit silly- but I- it's hard to sleep." Fearne confesses and Shulkyr tilts their head,  "Night terrors or-?" Fearne shifts on her hooves. Her ears drop as she holds a hand out to Shulkyr.  "The bed's too big without Dorian." Fearne whimpers and Shulkyr blinks. Realizing what the fawn is asking of them. Sighing, they put the cup to the side and nod to Lord Esterhross.  "Looks like I'm still needed. Have a good night, Esterhross."  "You as well." He sees the duo off and Shulkyr takes Fearne's hand. Letting the fawn cling to them as they head to the room. Sneaking around the party members who are already sleeping. Making their way to the bed where Orym is tossing. Unable to get comfortable himself.   Fearne tries to get in the bed, rousing the halfling. Who seems surprised by Shulkyr's appearance. They simply nod their head to Fearne. But they still wait. Checking if they have Orym's permission as well. The halfling takes a deep breath and sees Fearne giving him big doe eyes. "Just one night?"  He's silent for a moment as he thinks. "Alright."  Orym mumbles and nods to Shulkyr. Giving permission for them to join them. It takes some shuffling, but the trio manage to fit on the bed. Fearne snuggling into Shulkyr's side. While Orym uses their legs as a makeshift hammock. Their added warmth and weight eases the duo's emotional wounds, just a bit. If only for the night. The group settles down. Trying to wordlessly comfort one another's wounded hearts.   

  When the next morning starts. I'm woken up by shifting on my bed. I try to ignore it when I realize I'm oddly warn. Snorting, I get the smell of two familiar bodies. One being distinctly airy and floral with an undertone of sword oil. The other smells like goat, smoke, magic, monkey, and honey. Right, I cuddled in bed with Fearne and Orym. After they were lonely with Dorian- gone.

  That thought ruins my peace and I pry open my eyes. The weight of last returning to my chest. Rising with Orym I wait for him to get off me. Not wanting to throw him. He doesn't need such a harsh awakening. 

  When I get up, I help him round up the others. Rousing Fearne while he gets Imogen and Lauda. Making my way to the corner. I take the burden of waking Ashton. Who befitting their nature. Sleeps like a rock. Complaining rather loudly when I try to rouse him. 

  "Come on, five more hours." Ashton rolls over and puts their back to me. Groaning from how uncomfortable the hardwood floor is. Maybe I can convince them to let me give them a massage? It would help with the aches.

  "I know you're sore gemstone, but there's free food- you wanna miss that?" I tease the genasi and they pry open their good eye. Giving me a grumpy side glare. 

  "Not fucking fair." The genasi grunts and I help them up. It takes some effort on their part. Yeah, I really need to get them a massage or at least a hot bath. This isn't going to work like this.

  Orym has raised just about everyone else. Most changed back into their usual attire. While I'm changing F.C.G. boots up and we all head down. Entering the dining room where Evelyn has set up breakfast. 

  "Thank you Evelyn." I catch her and she gives me a shy smile,

  "Of course." We all settle down and talk a bit. Chetney gives Ashton their wooden toy. Which is a hand they can pose and play with. Leading to a few jokes that admittedly go over my head. Imogen checks in with Orym and Fearne. Asking how they slept.

  "It was kinda hard. Shulkyr made it better though." Fearne smiles at me and I nod,

  "Oh that's great! You know, you and Orym can always join Imogen and I. I'm a very good cuddler." Laudna offers and Imogen eagerly agrees. Though a quick glance at Orym shows he seems semi-nervous about that.

  "Whichever arrangement you select. I'm fine with it. Push comes to shove. I have no problem sleeping against stone." I settle back in my seat. Taking a drink of my tea when there's a snort and I glance. Confused, before I see everyone giving me looks. Including Ashton who looks particularly baffled. Then it hits me how they took it.

  "I meant I can sleep on the floor. I would say grass, but there's not a lot of that here." I clarify and there's giggling. My ears perk at the thud of a cane. Looking, I see Lord Esterhross has joined us. He settles down and that starts the grim mood. We all greet him and the first matter ends up being the ring. Which Fearne is very hesitant to give up. Though she seems more than happy to do so when it's suggested she feeds it to F.C.G.

  We go through everything we discovered. Ashton confirms the general knows we were responsible about the moon tower, Imogen had read Treshi's mind learning he knows the Nightmare King and is apparently getting sick of the fey, and we possibly identified two members of the Chandei Quorum. "What of the Seekers? They were there last night." I question and that earns some looks.

  "Are they corrupt? If they aren't. They could be a good force to manipulate into helping us. Corner our targets." I suggest and that makes the Lord pause,

  "The Green Seekers are individuals with a strong sense of justice. They are also a decently well respected group. If you can convince them to look into our enemies. That would be a very good ally to have." Lord Esterhross agrees and I keep that in mind. While we carry on about what to do. F.C.G. ends up asking Fearne what she thinks caused the spires.

  She blatantly lies through her teeth and I just let her. Wearing a small smile on her face. She playfully suggests a monster and I pause. "Worms do that." I cut in and that earns me some looks,

  "Worms, a monster type common in Wildmount. There's winter worms, magma worms, and the such. Their tunnels are usually used as access points to get into the underdark. They also usually mess up the earth even if they don't surface. Creating hills and valleys, I've never heard of one big enough to create a mountain though." I explain and Fearne smiles, her ear flicking.

  "So but if the worm was big enough it could make a mountain?" She seems excited by that.

  "Or had enough time. Yes." I agree with her and she beams. Looking extremely proud of herself. Smiling, I sigh and listen to them. 

  The discussion moves on to what to do. We all discuss Ashton's mission. Asking Lord Eshteross advice about the best way to get there. Including the discovery that F.C.G. doesn't like birds. Leading to an even more awkward situation. Because Paté gets involved. Sharing a turn of phrase that he knows.

  "To be fair, 'Bird in the head, rat in the body' wouldn't faze me as a turn of phrase." I confess and that leads to a barrage of questions. Including why wouldn't it and am I crazy?

  "Some of my den back home had a phrase like that. 'I'm not here to fuck with spiders.'" That earns me more looks. Including questions like why would that be a turn of phrase? Especially when we worship a spider goddess. All I can do is shrug. I didn't invent the phrase. I just know it.

  It's not long before we agree to take the job from Hexum. Before we head out, I get a dark brown cloak from Lord Esterhross with a hood. Throwing it on and keeping myself hidden as we leave. It's peaceful for a while before a familiar green cloaked half orc and gnome strides up to us. Tensing up, I hear a growl in my head. 'They're marked pup.'

  They strike up the most stiff and artificial small talk. Before trying to get us to head off with them. The half orc seems fixated on me. Moving, I put my bulk between our group and the gnome. One quick glance shows Ashton followed my lead. Now body blocking the half orc from the softer members of our group. Sniffing, I strain my senses. Checking for a possible ambush.

  Catching quite a mess of smells and sounds. The scents of the people they sent off. A lot of average people around the place. Whispering and trying to easedrop, but no one doing so with intent. I don't smell the winged dogs, or anyone who smells of blade oil or metal. Meaning likely no armed guards. 

  Everyone settles down on the bench they cleared for us. The half orc raises his hand. Making a spell sigil that throws up a barrier, and once it settles it goes silent. The sudden lack of sensation is dizzying. Shaking my head, I violently shiver my ears pining back. 

  "So- I apologize for the sudden- abrupt and perhaps unexpected arrival of me and my compatriot." The gnome introduces them both. Laudna eagerly greets Gus when he says hi. The gnome talks a bit more. But there's just- something about her voice that is making my temper flare.

  "Your speech is one of the most annoying thing I've ever heard. Can the half-orc talk instead?" I grumble and thankfully he does as I ask. I thank him in undercommon. Though his expression tells me he doesn't know what I said. He's suspicious but carries on. Asking what the fuck is going on. To which Ashton eagerly takes the lead in turn. Smirking under my hood, I snort at Ashton's eagerness. Listening to the genasi do what they do best. 

  "Somebody mentioned it last night. Who was it?" Ashton prompts and I chirp,

  "General Ratanish seemed pretty interested in it." As hard as they've been watching us. Laudna tries to ask questions. Which Gus tries to shut down. Mentioning they don't know us. Which leads to Laudna introducing everyone. Not hesitating to hand out our real names no less. Oh boy. We manage to get Olly talking and I perk up. She's making connections and accusations. But something during her ranting catches my attention.

  "Months?" I parrot as Fearne shows off a tooth from the mimic. Olly makes more connections I don't like. She's very aggressive about this. Clearly she doesn't have any evidence for it, or otherwise she would know none of her guesses are true. I manage to hold my tongue for the most part. Until Imogen fumbles in explaining why we were interacting with the mimic.

  "We were hired by the theater to solve the missing people issue, and we ended up finding the mimic. If you go and ask, they can confirm it." I snarl at the gnome who glares at me in turn. The conversation continues on. So not to stir more trouble I mostly stick out of it. Until my temper boils over. I really don't like the freaky comment this gnome keeps throwing around. 

  "I've decided I like the half orc-." I comment and stare at the gnome, "- and I'm going to eat the gnome."

  "Birdie not again." Ashton jokes and Imogen gets up and hugs me. While I glare daggers at Olly. Who happily returns them.

  "You know, I've noticed you really don't get along with gnomes. Is this a thing from home? You fought with the gnome in the theater, you punted Chetney out a doorway, and now this. Are you ok? Is there something here we should know about? " Laudna questions and I make a face,

  "I- Well, maybe? I didn't realize there was a trend." There's laughing in my head and I snort. Screw off, I don't think straight when I'm angry. 

  "Oh it's alright Shulk, we know you're just being protective." Imogen cooes and holds my face. I would be mortified. If her fingers didn't brush just behind my ears. Slouching, I end up letting out a loud rumbling sound. 

  "There you go, that's better isn't it? Deep breaths Shulk." She encourages and keeps scratching that spot. Oh, oh that's wonderful.

  "Holy shit, that actually worked." Ashton laughs and I hear Fearne gasps,

  "Ooh I wanna pet Shulk." The entire conversation derails as the girls crowd around me. Scratching behind my ears and gushing. I really should stop this. I should. But it feels so, so nice. 

  'The weakness of all elves and Werewolves a like.' Thel'ador sighs and I don't even bother to refute him. This is just to nice.

  "Guys, guys-" I faintly hear Orym over all the fawning, "-Guys focus. We kind of have people we were mid conversation with." All the girls stop with flustered 'oh right' and 'ok, I guess.' Leaving me missing that very pleasant sensation.

  "Hey, birdie you ok? You're looking pretty down there." Ashton prods and I sigh,

  "I just learned something new about myself and I'm torn about it." That earns laughter and the gnome snaps. Forcing us back to the original conversation. Bringing up 'Jelly people' I pout while Imogen tries to explain what we keep running into. 

  "Dugger, just say you're talking about Dugger." I gently advise and she pouts. Letting me have center stage to elaborate.

  "The shade creepers we fought were abnormal. They explode in fire when defeated and wear armor. Each group of shade creepers has been led by a person who could transform into- something. They aren't undead, but they are- it's something unnatural. Though that woman was different from Dugger."

  "Different? Oh, right you're the monster hunter. What did you notice?" Chetney questions and I glance. Having to do a double take. What is he doing behind that bench?!

  "Dugger was always pale, sunken eyed, and crazy. We never once saw him turn normal. She could though. It's like she was a more advanced version. Everything Dugger could do but better." I explain tearing my eyes away. If he's doing what I think. I don't want to see it. My confession causes the two detectives to look at each other. Revealing they do know about the shade creepers. Though they admit to not having a clue about anything like Dugger or Lady Emoth. Ashton follows that revaluation by confronting the pair on if they saw the hidden room under the moon tower. Which they reveal they did. 

  Ah, so that's why they seem so interested. They think we know something they don't. It just turns out we also know what they were suspecting and a lot more. Chetney says he does know a given name for who took down the tower. But these two would not believe us. 

  Which to be fair- why would they? It would just be our word. Nightmare King Ira, I wonder, would they know anything about the fey? Maybe- maybe with how everything is so interconnected we're missing something they have? Since they came from a different angle?

  Ashton steals the lead again, and Gus meets him in the middle. Asking what our goal is. That causes some pause. Ashton sticks to their belief about working for money, and Imogen tries to correct him. Insisting we are doing this because it's the right thing. A lot of confessions come out. Including what drew us together in the first place. 

  "I have to agree with the rest. We started because we lost a friend to this conspiracy, and we just lost another. At this point we couldn't go back if we wanted to. Besides, frankly, I'm fucking pissed." I press and look between the two. Gus gets flustered and storms off. Pacing back and forth and grumbling. His friend tells us to just give him space. Shrugging, I head to the bench, settling down and pulling out Raven's Kiss. 

  "Woah, hey, hey-!" Olly jumps and I shrug,

  "What? I have to maintain my crossbow. It has gears." I click a panel and it pops open. Revealing gears and wires among other thing parts. Olly calms down after I show it off. So I just begin to work on it. Pulling out my tinkering tools. Hoping to catch up on my, formerly, daily maintenance. Someone leans on my shoulder. The weight and scent says it's likely Ashton. 

  "Oh, is that how you do it?" Ashton pries and I confirm it,

  "You've got explosives right? Can you make explosive bolts?" Ashton questions as Gus comes back. Saying something that leads to a flurry of 'are we deputy seekers'? Laudna wanting patches and items. Chetney offering to make wooden badges. Ashton seems giddy at the thought they might get to craft more. All of the enthusiasm, and teasing from their companion. Lead to flustering the half orc further. 

  Before we go asking how we can help. Imogen perks up gives them the name Lady Emoth. Explaining exactly what happened the night before. Leading to another big discussion. Though I tune most of it out for now. Focused on watching to make sure no one is eavesdropping now that the barrier has dropped. Using my presence to scare some lingering people off. 

  "So are we doing this right now?" I question and everyone confirms it,

  "Fair enough, gemstone. You alright for this?" I check in with Ashton and they chuckle,

  "Yeah, Ratanish kicked my ass, but I recovered. I've still got some fight, and some aches, in me birdie." They joke and I grin getting up, 

  We all throw up our hoods and carry on. Letting the green seekers take the lead. They pay for us to all get in the cable car. Leaving us alone for more private conversation. Ashton asks them about the Paragon's Call. Learning their opinion of the group is utter shit. Snorting, I rest against Fearne trembling and staring at my feet. Enjoying her arms around me.

  "Still so fucking funny you can't stand heights." Ashton jokes and the cable car starts swaying. Shooting them a scalding glare I snarl.

  "One of these times I'm gonna shove you out the car." They laugh and I shake my head. Pausing when I feel the rope around my waist slacken.

  "Fearne. Tie the rope back." I don't even look as the fawn giggles. Refastening the rope around me with her flower pot still around my waist. Sighing, I latch onto her arm when the car comes to a stop. Imogen is clinging to Laudna too. The shared anxiety making me feel that little bit better. Fearne lets me go and I race out. Sliding out and onto the floor.

  Laughter follows me as I recover, "I- lived- underground!"  

  I'm yanked off the ground not long after. Getting tossed over Ashton's shoulder. Their solid muscle digging into my stomach. "Ow fuck, I miss Dorian's carry." I whisper and relax which eases the pain.

  "Ha! Sorry, I'm not as soft as the songbird Birdie." Ashton laughs as we approach the mines. Where Gus very hesitantly goes to 'pull some strings'. Leading into an awkward conversation with a miner. Gus loses a whole foot in stature in the short discussion, and I can't help feeling bad. Patting Ashton's shoulder I get them to put me down.

  "Hey." I walk over and he pauses,

  "Hey." He seems curious as to what I have to say,

  "I'll buy you drinks after. Thanks for taking the hit." He snorts and nods. We all get inside and into a dusty room. Settling down and watching the most sour ex interaction I've witnessed besides my own. It isn't until Chetney lies that things turn around. Gus follows Chetney's lead and puts his heart on his sleeve. Which seems to do the trick. Gus's ex reveals what's been happening.

  "Monster in the Mines?" I suggest and Orym sighs,

  "That sounds like a horror novel." Cackling, I watch F.C.G. try and mend their relationship. I'm resting against the wall. Struggling for air as Ogdes yells at Gus for bringing a therapist. Everyone else is grinning and watching from the back. They carry on and Ogdes laughs at the robot for trying to get Gus to talk. To which Gus admits he's not very good at being honest.

  "This is a safe space for these kinds of things. Something my friend Shulkyr here can attest to." Slowly turning, I tilt my head. Staring at F.C.G. with wide eyes and a forced smile. Causing the group to nearly burst into hysterics. 

  "Oh, so you use this thing as a therapist to huh? What she another ex of yours?" Ogdes looks at Gus who withers,

  "No. Nothing like that. They are a personal friend of mine who has experienced similar difficulties. Isn't that right Shulkyr?" F.C.G. looks up to me with bright eyes. While I watch Ashton nearly fall out of their chair. Imogen and Laudna cling to one another just to keep standing. Fearne is beaming and watching with uncomfortable intensity, and Orym is pink faced. Drawing patterns in the dust with his sword.

  "Yup, romance has never been my strong suit. Or talking-." I shoot F.C.G. a look and the robot just ignores it,

  "Exactly! See this is why you're an optimal example. Since it appears you and Gus have similar dilemmas. Perhaps it would be very enlightening to hear your perspective?" F.C.G. presses and shaking my head. I, despite really not wanting to, go along with it.

  "What? You need help with an ex you abandoned for work too?" Ogdes pries and I resist making a face. Way to the air the dirty laundry there.

  "No, kind of- my relationships weren't promising ones. They were bad ones." There's a thud as Ashton actually hits the floor. Prick.

  "What always had better things to do than be with them?" Ogdes pushes eyeing me and I put up my hands,

  "No, I-I aaamm twice divorced." That earns me looks from everybody who didn't know. While causing Ashton to roar from their curled position on the floor. Imogen and Laudna follow his lead hitting the ground as a giggling mess.

  "Yup, see Shulkyr is already being very honest." F.C.G. praises while I silently fume,

  "It's not an easy thing to do to admit such things Gus, but it can be done, you just have to muster your courage." F.C.G. encourages and we continue on. While I slink around the room. Taking the chance to kick Ashton in the ribs. Aiming roughly for where Ratanish hit them the night before. Earning a loud grunt, but it doesn't deter their laughter. 

  "Bastard." I grumble in undercommon at them. Only snapping back to the conversation when I hear a loud smack. Seeing Fearne has slapped Gus. Making him double take. Though it does serve to please Ogdes. Which works out well for us. Not so much for Gus.

  Ogdes happily agrees to introduce us. Leading us along as I glare at the backs of heads. I never should have mentioned that. Why did I mention that? 

  'Because you were exhausted and have grown to comfortable.' Thel'ador answers and I glare harder,

  'That was a rhetorical question. You're not supposed to answer it!'

  'Oh I'm aware.' He chuckles while I listen to chatter. Watching Laudna approach Ogdes.

  "I mean your relationship must have been good for you to be upset over it. If it helps, it can't end as badly as Shulk's first marriage." Laudna adds and I glare at her,

  "Laudna." I warn her and Ogdes smiles looking at her,

  "Oh how'd it end? Running away with the second partner?" Ogdes jokes and Laudna gasps,

  "No, no. They aren't a cheater!" Laudna defends me and Ogdes makes a face, "They did fake their death though!" Laudna loudly declares and Ashton stumbles barely catching themself. Whispering something as they wheeze, bent over. Begging to get my boot up their back end. The Seekers and Ogdes all stop to stare at me.

  "It was a bad marriage! Leave me alone!" Hissing, I pull my hood down and do the walk of shame. 

  "Well, I mean- you didn't hate the guy." Fearne counters and I glare,

  "They." The entire group interject and I huff. Satisfied when Olly puffs up at being cut off.

  "No, but it was an unhappy arranged marriage. We're leaving it at that." I press on, refusing to acknowledge any further attempts at that conversation. Not here and not right now anyways. Maybe another time. Alone and with some drink in everybody. For now, it's time to get to work.

